ARVIND FASHIONS LIMITED 
A MEMBER OF THE LALBHAI GROUP 
Corporate Office: Du Parc Trinity, 8th Floor, 17, M.G Road, Bangalore – 560 001 
Tel: +91-80-4155 0601, Fax: 91-80-4155 0651 
Website: http://www.arvindfashions.com 
 
Regd Office: Main Building, Arvind Limited Premises, Naroda Road, Ahmedabad – 380 025. 
CIN: L52399GJ2016PLC085595 
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Security Code : 542484 
Security ID : ARVINDFASN 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol : ARVINDFASN 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings call Transcript with Analysts and Investors for the third quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please refer below link of transcript of conference call arranged by the 
company with analysts and investors on Thursday, February 6, 2025 for post announcement of 
Un-audited Financial Results for the third quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
On the website of the company: 
 
Path: https://www.arvindfashions.com/overview/  
 
Title: Earnings Call Transcript Q3 FY-25 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
 
Lipi Jha 
Company Secretary 
LIPI 
SITAKANT 
JHA
Digitally signed by 
LIPI SITAKANT JHA 
Date: 2025.02.12 
15:20:26 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript – Feb 6, 2025 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
• Kulin Lalbhai – Vice Chairman & Non-Executive Director 
• Shailesh Chaturvedi – Managing Director & CEO 
• Girdhar Chitlangia – Chief Financial Officer 
• Ankit Arora – Head, Investor Relations and Treasury 

Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arvind Fashions Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Arora – Head, 
Investor Relations & Treasury at Arvind Fashions Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thank you Rutuja. Hello and welcome everyone and thank you for joining 
us on Arvind Fashions Limited earnings conference call for the third quarter 
and nine months ended Dec 31, 2024. I am joined here today by Kulin 
Lalbhai, Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director, Shailesh Chaturvedi, 
our Managing Director and CEO and Mr. Girdhar Chitlangia, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
Please note that result press release and earnings presentation had been 
mailed across to you yesterday and these are also available on our website 
www.arvindfashions.com. I hope you had the opportunity to browse 
through the highlights of the performance. We'll commence today’s call 
with Kulin providing his key strategic thoughts on our third quarter's 
performance. Post that, we will have Shailesh, who will cover the details of 
business highlights and financial performance. At the end of the 
management discussion, we will have a Q&A session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to remind you that some of the statements 
made or discussed on this call today may be forward-looking in nature and 
must be viewed in conjunction with risks and uncertainties we face. A 
detailed statement of these risks is available in this quarter’s earnings 

presentation. The company does not undertake to update these forward-
looking statements publicly. With that said, I would now turn the call over 
to Kulin to share his views. Thank you and over to you Kulin. 
Kulin Lalbhai:  
Thanks, Ankit. A very good afternoon to you all. Thank you for joining us for 
the Q3 results. AFL delivered yet another quarter of strong performance in 
muted market conditions. Our sales grew by around 7%, led by strong like-
to-like growth of 11%, helping us deliver our highest-ever EBITDA of INR 
174 crores with an improvement of more than 110 basis points in margin 
terms and thus aiding a 71% growth in our PAT. Our bottom line has more 
than doubled in the YTD period. 
 
Our focused interventions like higher advertising, increased square foot 
expansion, superior customer experience, and product innovation, coupled 
with celebrity collab collections have led to an acceleration of our retail 
channel growth every quarter this year. We had around 15% growth in the 
retail channel in quarter three. This is a clear reflection of our brand 
strength with our consumers, which has helped us gain market share in the 
industry. 
 
We continue to maintain tight control over the balance sheet KPIs with our 
gross working capital days remaining stable. As a result of this, another 
highlight this quarter is a strong improvement in our return on capital 
employed, which has now crossed 19%, a significant shift in the last two 
years. This gives us confidence to now take it beyond 20% in the medium 
term, a target which we had set for us last year.  
 
Moving ahead with our Season '25 launch, we remain optimistic of growth 
momentum compared to the quarter three levels while continuing to stay 
committed to our mantra of profitable growth. 

 
I would like to now hand it over to Shailesh to take us through the specifics 
and more details about our financial performance. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Thank you, Kulin. Good afternoon, Girdhar, Ankit, and everyone on this 
call. With NSV of INR 1,203 crores and EBITDA of INR 174 crores in Q3, AFL 
has registered revenue of INR 3,431 crores in nine months of FY25, 
indicating a growth of 8.5% in this year. With EBITDA value of INR 467 
crores YTD, the EBITDA growth in this year is nearly 18%. The revenue 
growth in Q3 is 7% and EBITDA growth in Q3 is 16%. 
 
Q3 started with Diwali business and above-average Diwali, which was 
followed by a very good trading in both the wedding season and in winter 
season. There was bunching of wedding towards winter, and we saw good 
trading. With the early setting of winter by 10 to 12 days this year, we saw 
higher full-price business of winter wear in November and December. 
 
We resisted the temptation of participating in early EOSS with industry and 
with overall controls and better market conditions and better execution, 
our discounting reduced by 1%. With lower discounting and richer channel 
mix in favor of direct channels, retail and online B2C, Q3 GP went up by 
160 basis points to 55%. 
 
The GP number for YTD is 53.3%, an increase of 80 basis points. With 
improvement in GP flowing into EBITDA, backed by tight expense control, 
but higher marketing investment, the EBITDA in Q3 grew by more than 110 
basis points and reached 14.5% of NSV in Q3. This quarterly EBITDA of INR 
174 crores is the highest-ever quarterly EBITDA for AFL. 
 
Double-digit like-to-like retail growth in Q3 at 11% is a key highlight of this 
quarter and is a reflection of the strength of our brand portfolio. This 
double-digit like-to-like growth is spread across brands, and it is really 

heartening to note that all five brands have been re-energized even in 
these muted market conditions and have delivered healthy performance. 
 
While we have continued to execute our retail promise with a better 
quality 
shopping 
experience 
through 
knowledge 
transfer 
from 
international standards, I want to focus on marketing investments. In this 
year, we have continued to up the marketing to have a sharper visibility for 
our brands under muted market conditions. 
 
Let me focus on marketing investment through local celebrities. Very rarely 
will you come across the portfolio where we have three of the most iconic 
brand ambassador tie-ups happening in the industry at the same time. We 
invested concurrently in Disha Patani for Calvin Klein, Maharaja 
Padmanabh Singh Pacho for the US Polo Association, and we had the most 
iconic Orry tie-up with Flying Machine, which took our Gen Z consumers by 
storm. 
 
Another important aspect of these tie-ups was the launch of one-of its kind 
collab collection where our brands work with these important celebrities to 
create very differentiated upgraded capsule collection to fuel our 
premiumization drive. Both the Orry collection for Flying Machine and 
Maharaja Pacho collection with the US Polo Association were big hits, and 
we will continue to roll out more collections in these lines. 
 
With these upgraded offerings, we got very good response from consumers 
and were able to reduce discounting. We also saw a healthy discount 
reduction in our direct B2C online business, which also saw very good 
traction due to these heightened marketing investments. 
 
In FY '25, we have taken decisive strides in building a strong momentum of 
highly profitable growth with our direct channels, which include brand 

stores, websites, and online B2C marketplace business. There's a nearly a 
4% increase in the share of the revenue mix for direct channels, and their 
share has reached nearly 55% this year. 
 
This is in line with our medium-term vision of taking this number to maybe 
two-thirds of our business. There's a healthy acceleration of growth in the 
retail channel quarter-on-quarter, and the growth has moved up from 
single digit in Q1 to now very healthy mid-teen level. 
 
The support engines for retail of like-to-like growth, square foot addition, 
and renovations of stores have reached the momentum where this mid-
teen growth of retail is very likely to sustain and may even improve further. 
Similar is the case of large growth in B2C online channels where there is a 
large pivot away from wholesale B2B. 
 
Another heartening development is a significant improvement in the 
margin profile of these direct channels, helping our mantra of profitable 
growth. The margin profile has improved because of higher GP in direct 
channels and continued control on discounting through our sharper 
execution. 
 
We are very sure that growth engines on direct channel will continue to 
fire going forward. While the underlying growth in the wholesale channel is 
in the range of 8% to 10% growth, we have seen a quarterly moderation 
currently partly due to the exit from some department store formats and 
de-stocking in muted market conditions as per our hygiene. 
 
There's also the impact of higher billing in Q2 because of the early festival 
calendar this year. While we want to strategically de-scale B2B online 
wholesale channels, the other wholesale channels are likely to get back to 

underlying growth potential of 8% to 10% growth in the near term, even in 
this sluggish market. 
 
There's a lot of juice in square-foot expansion in many of our formats. 
Premiumization is working well and adjacent categories are growing well 
with both MBO and department store channels. Recent tax cuts announced 
in the budget are also likely to spur demand in these channels where 
distribution goes very deep, and we are very hopeful of this wholesale 
business moving back to its underlying potential. 
 
Coming to growth drivers. The retail channel has grown well at 15% backed 
by both growth drivers of double-digit like-to-like growth as well as healthy 
square foot expansion. Adjacent categories have continued to grow at a 
faster pace with a doubling of business in womenswear and mid-teen 
growth in innerwear. 
 
Footwear growth has got impacted because of BIS implementation, which 
has impacted inventory levels and assortment. Kids business is a very large 
growth opportunity, and we are piloting new ways of growing this piece, 
and we are likely to see strong traction ahead in this business. 
 
Coming to the online business growth engine, we have discussed a 
strategic pivot towards online B2C channels in order to better manage 
consumer experience and control discounting. With this focus, B2C channel 
is growing handsomely. The growth in B2C will more than compensate any 
likely decline in B2B and overall online business is likely to grow close to 
10% profitably with a healthy revenue mix of around 25%. 
 
We've also engineered sharp cost management in online business and our 
channel margin profile is seeing very good improvement here. On brand 
side, USPA business has very strong momentum and with very special 

investment put behind this marquee brand. Both Arrow and Flying 
Machine have improved their profitability profile further through double-
digit like-to-like retail growth. The premium portfolio of Tommy Hilfiger 
and Calvin Klein is leading our premiumization drive with significantly 
higher growth in teens and best-in-class profitability. 
 
We continued our sharp focus on balance sheet de-leverage, ensuring tight 
control on working capital and Q3 saw further 5 days reduction in 
inventory versus last year. With inventory value coming down by nearly 
INR 40 crores over the September'24 number, inventory stock turns were 
more than 4 turns. 
 
Debtor value also came down sharply by nearly INR 180 crores post festival 
trading and NWC days remain at healthy 60 days. 8% EBITDA growth YTD 
this year is flowing into PBT growth of 44% and PAT growth of 133% for 
continuing businesses. We are seeing good FOCF generation at AFL. And 
with our asset-light model and very tight balance sheet control, we are 
hopeful of an acceleration in FOCF generation. 
 
With the recent tax cuts announced in the budget, we are hopeful that 
there will be positive economic indicators, helping businesses to grow well. 
In the medium term, with good priming of all growth engines, we hope to 
up the growth rates the way we have done in FY '25 compared to growth in 
FY'24. Our aspiration of 12% to 15% revenue growth stays, and we are 
hopeful that an improved consumption scenario with recent tax cuts will 
aid our efforts. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thanks, Shailesh. Rutuja, we can now open it up for question and answer 
session. 

Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Solid set of performance and congratulations team for the great numbers. 
Shailesh, my question is on online B2C versus a total channel growth of 
online and others. So there has been a divergence. I mean, we have been 
witnessing that for now the last 3 quarters. So when do you think that the 
transition within online, which is towards B2C, do you think that will get 
completed and the whole channel should grow as in line with online B2C 
channel growth? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: We've been talking about pivoting away from B2B to B2C to better 
manage the consumer experience, better assortment, online exclusive, use 
of analytics better, lesser discounting, and more controlled discounting. So 
that's the plan. And if you really look at this journey, which peaked in 
COVID times and then after that, the correction happened and now the 
business has started to grow. 
 
So we have seen that our online business has started crossing the pre-
COVID peaks and have started growing healthily. We are very strategically 
continue to decline our B2B channel, and it may decline by 10% to 12%, 
which is a planned decline. But the B2C growth, now this quarter, the 
growth was 20%, and it will continue to gain the share of overall online 
piece. 
 
And we are now seeing that online business will grow more than 10%. And 
that's why the whole transition from B2B towards a higher growth of B2C 
has started and now reaching a point where any decline of B2B is able to 
be compensated easily by B2C growth and overall online piece has started 
to grow. Like I said in my opening remarks, we hope that in the near future, 
it will grow at around 10%. 

Priyank Chheda: 
Right. So what would have been this mix now reached where we would be 
-- what share within B2C within online, what would be B2B and B2C share 
now? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: It was almost 50-50. And now see, I'll just give you a little bit of a 
background where in the COVID times, if I look at the data, it was largely 
B2B business. Slowly, the pivot has happened in the last 6 to 9 months, the 
B2B and B2C business were equal. And now we are seeing that B2C is going 
to become larger than B2B. 
 
And it will be able to take away any decline of 10% to 12% business decline 
in B2B and with this higher growth. This year growth in this quarter is 20%. 
But if I look at the annual number, the growth is even higher. So that 10%-
odd decline in B2B, a higher 20%, 25% growth in B2C will be able to 
compensate more because both are now more or less equal. And if I look at 
the next 6 months, B2C will be a bigger business, maybe two-third and B2B 
will become one-third. 
Priyank Chheda: 
My second question on the wholesale, which you alluded that you exited 
some large department store, was it this quarter? Or has that been a 
gradual exit that we should read when it comes to 9 months? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, there was one partner decided to shut down the format. We didn't 
exit. A very large chain both in the value format and in the premium format 
decided to shut. I don't want to take the name here, but they decided to 
shut down, and this happened almost a year back then, but the 4 quarters 
of the business, we showed decline because we had the past data. But as 
we go forward, that impact will not be there in our sales figures. 
Priyank Chheda: 
So the broader question that I was asking was on the wholesale as a 
channel. If you had to, of course, exclude this one-off, what would have 

been the growth? And has that been reflected when it comes to the sales 
of a brand level, which is Arrow, which has a higher salience in this 
channel? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, if you look at my opening commentary on wholesale, we believe the 
inherent underlying growth potential in the near term is 8% to 10%. Now if 
I break it down into, let's say, 3 parts, one is the online B2B, other is the 
department store and the third is in terms of the MBO channel. Now if you 
look at B2B, there is a strategic de-stocking we want to pivot away and the 
B2C will start growing faster and we'll be able to absorb that decline and 
we grow online that I just mentioned earlier. 
 
The second point is in the department store channel. Again, here, the one-
off impact of the closure of one big chain is not our decision. The chain 
decided to shut down. It impacted the whole industry. Also, the Q2 billing 
because Diwali was earlier a little higher. So it's a one-off thing. But if I look 
at the consumer sales in department store, if I look at what we call tertiary 
sales, the like-to-like growth in that channel is very similar to our retail 
growth of double digits. 
 
So it's not that the channel is not performing. And I also mentioned that 
the recent tax cut might help the wholesale channel a lot because the 
distribution goes very deep. So in the department store, our consumer 
sales are good, healthy. Our market share, our rank is improving, and we 
are a leader in that channel. 
 
So it will continue to grow. Markets will become slightly better, then our 
growth will be there. I'm very confident that in the near future, the 
department store will grow at the inherent underlying growth potential of 
8% to 10%. And comes the third is the MBO channel. Again, some of the 

reasons of early billing, etc. It's a very important channel. It's been a 
growing channel. 
 
And I also believe a lot of our square foot expansion is ahead in our brands 
like Flying Machine, Arrow, adjacent category, kids. There is a lot of scope 
of further expanding square footage with the MBO channel, and we are a 
market leader in MBO channel, also very good performance overall 
numbers, clearly market-leading position in MBO channel. 
 
So that business also will grow at 8% to 10% in near term. Other than B2B, 
there is a planned destocking, both the other wholesale channels should 
grow immediately at 8% to 10% in the near future. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Just last question from my side. On the Flying Machine, you have clearly 
mentioned and very heartening to know that it delivered a strong retail 
like-to-like growth. And when I have to also read through Arrow, we have 
been focusing on accelerating EBOs. So now on both these brands 
combined, is that the core focus which when it comes to only B2C or 
because these brands were heavy on B2B as well at least Arrow, is the 
game plan around completely focusing on B2C and then non-focusing B2B 
when it comes to these 2 brands? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, as far as both the brands are concerned, both the brands – Arrow 
and Flying Machine, have delivered double-digit like-to-like growth in this 
quarter and in this market, and they're gaining market share in key 
department stores and other portals. So we are very happy with the 
progress both in Arrow and Flying Machine. Now coming to the channel 
preferences, I just mentioned that I see scope of expanding square footage 
in MBO channel and department store further for both Arrow and FM. 

 
Arrow is real subscale right now in terms of distribution. So not just MBO 
or the department store, but also EBO. We see the possibility of a larger 
square foot addition across the channel in Arrow, be it export, be it MBO, 
be it department store, and surely in EBO channel. And at the company 
level, we will focus a lot on direct channel, and we are very competitive in 
execution of that channel. GPs are better. Overall growth is very healthy. 
So Arrow and FM will benefit from that direct drive and B2C and EBO. But 
both FM and Arrow are so under-distributed in many ways, subscale in 
many ways that we will not lose sight of further expansion in wholesale 
with MBO and with department stores for Flying Machine and Arrow and 
Flying Machine also the doors open with some value department stores, 
and we are doing very good numbers with the value department stores. 
 
So there's even more opportunity for square footage for Flying Machine as 
well. So I'm not saying that we will de-emphasize. We will put all our hearts 
and put large square foot addition across the channel for Flying Machine 
and Arrow. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Public 
Alternatives. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Quite heartening to see 11% LFL growth. So congratulations on that. So I 
just want to summarize your opening comments as well as what you 
probably answered and correct me if I'm wrong, it seems like as we enter, 
let's say, Q4 or FY '26, we have a very balanced approach in terms of our 
channel and also in terms of our brand, where all the guns are firing. 
 
Correct me if I'm wrong, this 11% retail growth was contributed -- I mean, 
there was a double-digit growth across all your brands with Flying Machine 
and Arrow also kind of contributing to this growth. So my question is, is it 
the correct assessment that as we enter FY26, both in terms of brands and 

channels, the overall LFL growth or this 8% to 10% growth that you have 
mentioned is going to be very balanced across channels across the brands? 
 
And what will that do to our margins because Arrow and Flying Machine, if 
I'm not wrong, were dragging the margins, overall company level margins? 
So is it fair that that drag will no longer be there as we enter FY26? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: If I take one-by-one question on like-to-like growth, you're right. The like-
to-like growth in retail of 11% is across the brands. All brands have grown 
double-digit. If I look at the department store, consumer business, tertiary, 
they are good growth across our brands. So that's true. Now the focus on 
like-to-like, if I look at our guidance, we are guiding that we are looking at 
around 5% to 7% like-to-like in full price growth. 
 
If I look at the full-year number, our like-to-like growth, while in this 
quarter is a bumper 11%. But at a full-year level, the like-to-like growth is 
between 6% to 7%, which is slightly higher than our guidance. So we are 
doing well. Our marketing efforts, our execution, our product lines, quality 
improvement is all working well for us. 
 
Now what happens to the margin? So we are expecting that on EBITDA -- 
our guidance is that we will continue to grow by at least 100 basis points 
going forward. This year also, if you really look at, we have grown our 
EBITDA by 18% and by 110 basis point YTD this year, and we hope that we 
will continue to -- our guidance is that we'll continue to grow our EBITDA 
by at least 100 basis points. 
 
And as you rightly said, the contribution of Flying Machine and Arrow will 
have to be higher. So if the overall company has to grow at 100 basis 
points, the Arrow and Flying Machine growth -- EBITDA growth has to be 

higher than 100 basis points. That's what our plan is because there is a 
scope to take that forward. It takes time. The work is in progress. 
 
We are very, very happy with the progress in Q3 and how the Arrow and 
Flying Machine have delivered in Q3. And that journey will continue to 
grow EBITDA by 100 basis points and a large part of that gain will come 
from GP where control on discounting, sourcing efficiency, our control on 
sellex and also the scale leverage. 
 
And especially in Arrow and Flying Machine, we expect the scale leverage 
to be higher than the overall company because there is a chance to 
improve the scale faster in Arrow and FM. So we will benefit from GP 
increase and economies, the scale leverage, and control on expenses. So 
we will definitely believe that we'll be able to grow our margin by 100 basis 
points and with higher than that number for Arrow and Flying Machine. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Sure. And just on Arrow and Flying Machine, right, do you still stick to your 
earlier guidance that maybe Flying Machine in terms of recovery is, let's 
say, a year or so away from Arrow? Or has this -- the marketing activity that 
you did with Orry helped you to lessen that gap versus Arrow in terms of 
recovery? Could you let me know where are both of these brands in terms 
of their recovery trajectory? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Both the brands are on way. They are on track as per our plans. Arrow is 
ahead. And even with the Orry big success that we saw, Arrow will 
continue to have that edge because the effort we started earlier. FM, we 
have done a very large re-branding exercise from the logo to the new retail 
identity to the new product direction, new brand association. 
 
So it's early days. We are very, very pleased with the early success, the 
green shoots we have seen, but everything takes time and our aspirations 

are very high. The standards that we want to establish are very, very high. 
So it takes time, but we are very, very pleased with the current journey of 
both Arrow and FM in terms of revitalizing these brands and making them 
profitable in a healthy way. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Sure. And one last question would be on your retail expansion plan in 
terms of EBOs going forward. Now here also, we did some changes that we 
were opening much larger stores in some of our, let's say, for U.S. Polo, 
because the assortment and accessories and all require bigger space. So 
now that we enter FY26, how do you see the square foot addition for our 
retail space in FY26? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: So our guidance on square foot expansion is around 15% net addition. We 
are at around 1.15 million square foot as on date, and our guidance is to 
grow that at a 15%, so around 1.5 lakh net square foot addition every year. 
Our store count can change because we are, as you mentioned rightly that 
our store sizes are becoming larger. 
 
Consumers are voting in favor of larger stores with better shopping 
experiences and some of our formats like Club A or U.S. Polo family stores 
have a very large footprint. So we will chase that square foot of 15% CAGR. 
And that's what we are working on. We have done a lot of hard work in the 
market to build muscles for business development. We have teams in the 
market the whole org is being developed as we speak, and we are happy 
with the progress. And we are also happy with the quality of execution of 
our stores. The new stores are tracking with good numbers. They are on 
plan. And we are very happy with the way the shopping experience is 
emerging from these new stores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investment 
Managers. 

Sachin Kasera: 
Can you update us on the progress on the footwear business in the first 
nine months and also some of the emerging segments like the womenwear 
and the kids wear in U.S. Polo and also the Club A that we launched, how is 
the progress there? And what are the plans there going ahead? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Sure, let's start with the footwear. Footwear is a large business for us, and 
we are looking at strong leadership. We do large business in profitable 
double-digit EBITDA business in U.S. Polo footwear. Now because of the 
government regulation, what's called BIS, the import of footwear came to a 
standstill for a moment, and it impacted the inventory levels and the 
assortment. 
 
So in some of our big brands like U.S. Polo and in Tommy Hilfiger, we saw a 
sharp decline in business. But that's behind us. Frankly, Sachin, now 
government has made a lot of progress. There is, again, I'm using the word 
green shoot because some of the new factories are now coming up. 
They're getting approved and also there is a larger production happening in 
India. So I would say the worst is behind us. 
 
Maybe in three months from now, I would be a little more optimistic with a 
little more data because it's happening as we speak. So things are looking 
up. But if you look at the last nine-month data, we did lose business in 
footwear because of the lack of inventory there, but things are looking up. 
 
We also have a retail concept in footwear called Stride, where the overall 
like-to-like growth is double-digit. It had a low single-digit because of the 
inventory situation, but it will come back. And inherently, our business is so 
strong and some of the categories like sneakers go so well with a brand like 
U.S. Polo, and we sell very large, millions of pieces of sneakers in U.S. Polo, 
and we’re leader in online and also a very large share of revenue of our 
store comes from the footwear business. 

 
So it's a very healthy business, having temporarily external headwinds, but 
that's behind us, and I think things will only look up. In six months' time, it 
should be green again. As far as the other adjacencies are concerned, I 
mentioned in my opening comment, the womenswear has doubled on a 
small base, and it has done quarter-by-quarter. So that business looks very, 
very promising, both independently business on online, also within our 
own family stores. 
 
And also, we started expansion into MBO channel with a dedicated 
womenswear space. So a lot of good things happening. We are very, very 
happy with the progress. We tied up with the celebrity Palak Tiwari, that 
association is going on well. So that business has taken off well and it's 
moving well, quite good. 
 
Overall, adjacent category at a company level, the share is 20%. For U.S. 
Polo, it's even higher at around 25%. And that business is growing between 
15% to 20%, much higher or almost double the growth rate of the 
company. So I think it's looking good, that business. Kids is another large 
piece, and we see a huge opportunity to build that. We are piloting 
something on U.S. Polo Kids store, the format, the product lines, and you'll 
see us come out. It's already a very strong business. We are a leader in that 
space. And you will see a little more traction in the kids' business going 
forward. 
 
So overall, adjacent categories are driving the growth. Innerwear also in 
U.S. Polo, we have a good business, and the growth has come back very 
strongly through online business, through business in our stores. And that 
business is growing again in mid-teens, as I said in my opening comments, 
and growing with better margin profile. 

 
So overall, adjacent categories are helping us the company grow faster, and 
the share is improving and growth rates are very good in this category. 
Sachin Kasera: 
So when you say 20%, it includes footwear, womenwear, kids wear, and 
innerwear all put together or that's only the womenwear that you are 
saying? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: No, no. All the businesses put together. It's a very small business right 
now, Sachin. It's growing really well. The sell-throughs are extremely 
encouraging, but still it's just a one-year-old business. 
Sachin Kasera: 
So the largest share would be the footwear in that emerging when you say 
20%? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Yes. So in terms of scale, it will be footwear, kids wear, innerwear, and 
womenswear. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And any sense like what was the decline in footwear, more like 15%, 
20% in the first nine months? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: No. See, there is a growth in footwear business. It's in high single digits. 
But this business, we have engineered for growing at more than 20%, 
right? So from the worst base now on that smaller reduced base, it's 
growing now high single digits. But we are not happy with the high single 
digits. This business has to grow at 20% minimum. 
Sachin Kasera: 
And if you could update us on this Club A that we had launched, I think a 
couple of quarters back, the large format stores for the high street? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: We opened recently 2 large Club As, one at the Lucknow Airport, very, 
very good, almost 4,000 square feet, absolutely top quality in India. You 
will not find stores of that standard. We also opened on the High Street in 

Surat. So now we have 3 Club A stores. And as we speak, 2 are under fit-
outs. We have been still modeling, adding brands, removing brands, 
figuring out the right model to expand. But this has a huge opportunity, but 
we want to just do the modeling right and then expand. 
Sachin Kasera: 
My second question is on the margins ex of PVH. From whatever math we 
can do, I think it looks like we have around 1% net margin ex of the PVH 
business. And from whatever various interactions, most of the brands are 
now either high single-digit or double-digit EBITDA margins? So it's not 
flowing through in the PAT margin. If you could give us some sense on why, 
despite having a high single-digit and double-digit margin at the brand level 
ex of PVH, the net margin is only 1%, 1.2%? 
Ankit Arora: 
Sachin, Ankit here. So your observation is right. But if you really step back 
and look, see, it's a journey, which is what one would need to kind of 
understand. And largely, the drag was coming -- since you're talking about 
the bottom line was coming from Arrow and FM, but very, very heartening, 
and I'll put some data for everyone's reference, what you are referring to. 
 
If you step back and look even in this quarter and the last quarter, our PAT, 
excluding minority interest, we have clocked close to about INR 30 crores 
PAT, which implies a more annualized run rate of north of INR 100 crores in 
some sense, if I were to kind of really take that. We did INR 28 crores in this 
quarter and about INR 30 crores last quarter. 
 
Even in YTD, if you step back and look, excluding minority interest, our 
bottom line has more than doubled. It's grown at north of 130%. So yes, 
what you are saying is still about -- close to about a 1.5%, 2% PAT margin in 
that ballpark range going up. This quarter, like say, we did PAT, excluding 
minority, about close to north of 2%, which is on a INR 1,200 crores did 
about INR 28 crores. So yes, the journey is to increase the bottom line and 

as what Shailesh has spoken about at length earlier in previous 
participants' answers as well, is as Arrow and Flying Machine continue to 
kind of inch up and the kind of performance, which is what we have 
witnessed in Q3 is very, very heartening. 
 
This number will accelerate only going forward, and we have demonstrated 
that over the last 4 to 6 quarters already. And this number is only going to 
accelerate further as we step into FY26 and FY27. And you will see that 
continuously happening quarter by quarter and in our year-on-year 
performance. 
Sachin Kasera: 
My last question is around the 5 power brands. If you could just give a 
sense in terms of the first 9 months in terms of hierarchy, the growth 
pattern, like which was the highest growth, which was the second highest, 
something like that? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Sachin, we don't share the brand-wise details. But I think if I look at 
whether it's like-to-like data growth, all the brands have done well, Sachin. 
I think what differentiate are the channels and the direct channels have 
grown faster than wholesale channels and across the brand. But overall, if I 
look at the brand profile, all brands have grown in profitability and in a 
healthy manner. 
Sachin Kasera: 
So without sharing the percentage growth, if you could just give us a sense 
like which brands grew more than company average which grew below, at 
least give us some sense, that would be helpful. We are not looking at 
some specific number like 10% or 12% or 8%. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: In my opening commentary, I said that the PVH profile, the teen growth 
with high profitability and premiumization helping them the market leaders 

there. So that piece is growing faster, and it continues to grow at a slightly 
higher -- maybe significantly higher pace than the overall average. 
 
But all brands have done well. I mean you look at U.S. Polo, it has such 
good momentum. You see the traction of U.S. Polo across channels doing 
so well. Arrow, FM have improved their performance. So some channels 
are not growing or growing. But at a brand level, I think all brands have 
been re-energized. 
Ankit Arora: 
And Sachin, just to kind of just add a color on what just Shailesh said, I 
mean, looking at a percentage, right, I mean, while a brand might be 
slightly smaller in scale, may grow at faster %, but we’re focusing on all the 
brands to accelerate the growth trajectory. 
Moderator: 
We now invite the next question, which is from the line of Avinash 
Karumanchi from Equirus. 
Avinash Karumanchi: So I'm just trying to get a better view on the inventory. So this inventory 
optimization that's happening. I'm just trying to identify how much of this 
would be at the store and how much would be at the warehouse. So where 
exactly are we reducing? 
Ankit Arora:  
So Avinash, all the inventory when we -- what we are looking at it is all on 
our books, and we have moved to our consignment business model in 
EBOs, which is what we have discussed in the past. So it's all the inventory 
which is lying on our books, and we don't really segregate because it'll be in 
multiple channels. We don't really segregate between which is lying in EBO 
and what will be in warehouse. 
Girdhar Chitlangia: And the actions generally impact across all locations. I mean, while we try 
and say that we want to optimize a few channels, but actions generally 
impact most of the locations uniformly. 

Avinash Karumanchi: Okay. I'm just trying to identify what would be the inventory turns 
channel-wise. So like optimization when you are speaking, so I don't need 
an exact number, but I just need a view, like how would the inventory turns 
at the EBOs be or the online channel be because they contribute for the 
majority of the inventory right? Rest of them is cash and carry. So that's 
how I'm trying to look at? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: But if you look at our inventory turns in the last 5-odd years, we moved 
from early three turn to above 4 turns across the channel, we have been 
able to move inventory turns up. And if I look at our aging of inventory, I 
look at the share of freshness in our business, it's good. And that's one of 
the reasons why our GP is going up really well because we have a very large 
freshness and where we don't need to discount, and our sell-throughs are 
very good across channels. So overall, that's why the inventory turns have 
really gone up from 3-odd now to 4.2. 
 
If you look at the last 1 year, our growth have been more or less, with the 
same inventory value, and we've been growing now this year at 8.5%. But if 
you look at increase in the value of inventory, it's very, very small. So we've 
been able to grow business at a certain pace, high single-digit with, more or 
less, the same inventory value. 
Avinash Karumanchi: And one more question is on the storefront. So the number of EBOs, 
while the gross addition was higher, the net addition was not significantly 
there. So in which brand are we seeing more and more closures coming in? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: No. I mean, see, what happened is that we had a very large 4 malls 
coming up with large square foot, which would have added in October 
before Diwali, but the malls got delayed and now it's going to happen in 
April, May. So that's the reason. But if you really look at the total gross 
addition of square footage, I mean, this year is more than 1.5 lakh. 

 
We've never grown -- we've never opened so many stores in a year. So that 
large expansion is happening. We also had to shut some stores. It's a part 
of life, but because of the delay in the mall, the number looks like that. 
Also, I think we are at the fag end of that closure now. Whatever we 
needed to close, most of those stores have been shut down. 
 
Basically, it's not a brand level, it's more often the format, the smaller size 
in some types of markets, they become loss-making or not strategic where 
we want to open large stores with car park where the consumer get better 
experience. So we are shutting down smaller format in certain kind of 
markets across brands. 
 
Some of the outlets, we move from single brand small outlets to our big-
sized Megamart format, 4,000, where are economies are much better. The 
shopping experience is much better. So it's not so much the number of 
stores, but we're also focusing largely on the square foot, and we're cutting 
down small loss-making stores and opening very large, high-quality, 
profitable stores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native Capital. 
Naysar Parikh: 
First question on retail. For our 11% LTL growth, what's the volume price? 
Can you talk about that? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, the bulk of the like-to-like growth has come from the volume growth. 
Majority. 
Naysar Parikh: 
And you spoke about this earlier, but on Arrow and Flying Machine, when 
we look at FY26, from a profitability perspective, can we expect them to be 
PAT positive? How should we think about it? And secondly, are all the 
drags with regard to some of your royalties etc., for the earlier brands, is 
that out, or is there anything still there in the financials? 

Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, as far as the second part of your question, discontinued brand, 
there's no impact on the P&L in any way. It's all out. It's cleaned up. Now 
the business is the continued business of these 5 brands and their format 
that we work on.  
 
On first part, so like I said, Arrow and Flying Machine is a journey, and they 
are growing at a faster pace in profitability. And they are reaching a point 
where the drag is less. Now whether to reach PAT positive soon, but that 
journey will happen. That block of FM plus Arrow has to become PAT 
positive in the near to midterm. And based on the market condition, could 
happen 6 months earlier, sometimes it could happen 6 months late, but we 
are very happy and pleased with the progress on the improvement and on 
this journey of profitable growth for both Arrow and Flying Machine. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishikesh from RoboCapital. 
Rishikesh: 
Sir, could you share what EBITDA margins are we doing for Flying Machine 
and Arrow? And also a follow-up on that, how do we see our PAT post 
minority interest on our EBITDA margins scale-up for Flying Machine and 
Arrow? Currently, blended terms, they are around 57%, 58%. How do we 
see that going ahead? 
Ankit Arora:  
So Rishikesh, to answer your first part of the question, we will not be able 
to disclose brand-wise profitability and PAT margins. That's something 
which is what we don't disclose. Pertaining to your second half of your 
question, as to what I said earlier in response to one participant is if you 
look at our journey on PAT, excluding minority interest, it has been 
continuously going up. 
 
And we expect that journey to significantly accelerate moving forward as to 
what you would have seen in YTD period of FY25 as well, where our PAT, 

excluding minority has grown by north of 130% and it's largely contributed 
by, of course, U.S. Polo gaining momentum and doing extremely well, 
that's a very, very profitable brand. And of course, the drag on the bottom 
line on account of Arrow and Flying Machine because of their intrinsic 
EBITDA profitability going up and hence, the drag on PAT coming down and 
hence contributing to more bottom line, excluding the minority interest. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Jain from Svan Investments. 
Shreyans Jain: 
My first question is, if you could just explain, when I look at your business, 
retail, wholesale, and e-commerce, so when do we book the sales actually 
for retail, wholesale, and e-commerce? I mean I'm just trying to get a sense 
on how the working capital and our inventory would look like for each of 
the separate divisions. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, in retail channel, it's a consignment model. So the sale get recognized 
when customer buys. 
Girdhar Chitlangia: On the wholesale channel, it is all based on delivery or whatever the inco 
terms are, whether they are FOB or CIF. And on e-commerce, 2 parts, the 
B2B is recognized based on delivery, depending on the terms with the 
partner, and on B2C, whenever the end consumer sale happens. 
Shreyans Jain: 
So, in retail for both EBO, which is COCO and FOFO, sale would get actually 
booked when the actual sale happens to the customer, right? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Yes, correct. Yes. 
Shreyans Jain: 
So when I'm looking at your working capital then, we see some increase in 
your inventory levels, and that is about 5.5% on this I'm saying 9 months 
basis. So 9 months basis, there's an increase in inventory is about 5%, 5.5%. 
And 9 months, your retail has increased the most. So technically, your 

inventory and your receivables shouldn't increase that much, right? 
Receivables more so, 17% increase in receivables that should not increase 
because that's more cash and carry, right? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: I'll answer the question. The receivables largely have increased because we 
have had a change of model in some of our partners. We moved to what 
we call more controls-based model where we have more visibility on the 
inventory base. So that's why you have seen there is an increase in 
receivables, and there is a corresponding decrease in inventory. So net-net 
of GWC, these are neutral, and this is what is reflecting in the numbers. 
Shreyans Jain: 
And my second question is, sir, when I look at Slide number 8 -- no, sorry, 
not the brand where we're seeing emerging brands, does that slide, sir, 
make any sense right now because in effect, we're putting the whole 
business top line right there. And then you're saying EBITDA and PAT that 
actually is actually the P&L right in front of you, right? So I mean, what is 
the sense there? I mean, am I missing something? Or are we trying to 
indicate something via this slide? 
Ankit Arora: 
So Shreyans, to maintain consistency, I agree to your point largely because 
now we are classifying everything as power brands. It's just that because 
we had reclassified after our Sephora transaction last year and because the 
base was such and from a Y-o-Y comparison, that's the reason which is 
what we have maintained that slide. 
 
But I understand where we are coming from. We will probably take out 
that slide from Q1 of FY26 because everything is all fully revenue of all 
these 5 brands, but we just to ensure consistency with all of you as 
participants, we just wanted to kind of keep that slide because we have 
been doing that for last many quarters. That's the only reason. But 
otherwise, I agree to your point. 

Shreyans Jain: 
And sir, just last question. So we understand Arrow, we are on a journey 
and we are somewhere near a positive trajectory in that journey. So just 
trying -- because we've been tracking the company for some 8, 10 quarters 
now, but we're still not able to get some sense on where -- I mean, can you 
just quantify what was the loss that we were doing, at least what we were 
doing in the past? I don't want to know where we are at currently, but 
what was the loss like exactly so that we know what kind of journey you've 
come through so we'll be able to better appreciate your journey. 
Ankit Arora:  
So Shreyans, I will give you one very small data point in FY24 and then you 
can do the rest of your calculations. The EBITDA change from FY23 to FY24 
was as large as about INR 70-75 crores. And that's the amount of delta, 
which is what we have really traversed in that entire Arrow profitability 
and it is only moving forward. There used to be a time during COVID 
where, of course, the brand was gotten hit the most given the environment 
conditions, and the brand became significantly subscale. And, we started 
losing money at EBITDA level. 
 
But since then, from FY24 onwards, when we have turned this brand 
around at an EBITDA breakeven and a low single-digit, and it's traveling 
towards its eventual journey of mid-single digit to high single digit on a pre-
Ind AS basis, that is where is what you are seeing the drag on profitability 
and on the bottom line as well significantly getting better only on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, and it's accelerating moving forward. 
 
Of course, please understand and appreciate that the last 2 years have 
been significantly tougher when you look at revenue growth. I mean that is 
something you can't do much, beyond a point. It's an external 
environment. And please keep in mind, in FY24, our growth rate was about 
4%, YTD is about 8.5%. 

 
So our aspiration on that is 12% to 15% and once that happens, you will see 
that journey being covered at a far more brisker pace than what we have 
done. But all the levers and all the hard work is already in place. The day 
you will see a significant green shoots acceleration on the growth, you will 
see that bottom line improving even at a faster pace from current levels. 
Shreyansh Jain: 
And sir, last question. So we've been guiding for 12% to 15% top-line 
growth. So I think this year, it could be a challenge. But so do you still 
maintain 12% to 15% for FY26 and FY27 going ahead? Or you would want 
to revise that? How do you look at this? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: We are very committed to that. Our aspiration has not changed. We are 
gunning for 12% to 15% growth. We did slice it between the direct channel 
and wholesale channel that the -- in wholesale channel, also the underlying 
growth is 8% to 10%. The retail, which used to be a single-digit growth 
now, first quarter, the growth was 5%. Second quarter, the retail growth 
crossed 10%. Quarter 3, that growth has now gone up to 15%. And we 
believe that all the underlying growth drivers, enablers for that 15% growth 
on retail, and also higher growth in B2C will happen. 
 
The question is on the wholesale. And like I explained earlier in this call 
that we believe that with the recent tax cut, with improvement in business, 
the impact of closure of one big chain, all that going away, we will see the 
business immediately coming to 8% to 10% growth in wholesale channel, 
and it will sort of move that part. 
 
Another way to slice the growth aspiration is to look at our growth drivers. 
And we have a very large number of growth drivers that we have kept 
trying. They're all firing. So from like-to-like growth, which against a 
guidance of 5% to 7% this quarter, we delivered industry beating 11%. We 
have a very large square foot expansion target, 15% CAGR but for a little bit 

of mall delay, that engine is working really well, and you'll see large 
annualization and the growth will come from square foot expansion. 
 
We're also talking about adjacent category growth, the womenswear, kids 
wear, innerwear. Footwear has taken a beating because of the BIS, but 
once the inventory levels improve, that business will continue to grow at 
more than 20%. On digital focus, that piece is 25% of revenue and will now 
after this pivot shifting from B2B to B2C, we'll continue to grow at 10%. 
 
So we believe that our platform is ready. Our engines are firing, a little bit 
of improvement in the market condition a bit and that pivot happening, I 
think we will reach that 12% to 15%. Last year, our growth rate was 4.5%, 
and we had guided that there will be a strong uptick. We have gone from 
4.5% to now 8.5% this year looks that level of high single digit, close to 10% 
growth. And we are very sure that the growth will only go up as the 
economic indicators become more favorable. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
If I could just come in here in this whole growth discussion, I think one of 
the things that gets lost is quality of growth. And if you really step back and 
see what the company has done is that we have stepped away from 
anything that could be low-quality growth. So the tail stores being shut 
down meant square foot addition had been low in the first half of last year. 
 
Similarly, non-performing SISs have been stepped away from. And similarly, 
discount-led online growth has been stepped away from. So there was a 
very clear trade-off done that low-quality growth should be removed from 
the business model. And the good news is that those resets of stepping 
away from the low-quality growth are behind us. The square foot engine 
has turned positive now for 3 quarters, and you're seeing the growth rates 
coming. You've seen the B2C digital scale come back. 

 
And as Shailesh said, the wholesale also you will start seeing coming back 
to its underlying growth. So the reset phase of low-quality reset is behind 
us. And we have seen the gains from it with a 20% almost ROCE coming 
into the business and very strong cash flows also beginning to come 
through in the business, the free cash flows. 
 
But with the reset on the reset of bad quality growth behind, you will see 
the overall growth trajectory of the business moving up. And that's what is 
the movement now towards that 12% to 15% band that we've talked 
about. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Kundu from Antique Stock 
Broking. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. My question was on how much of the 
growth or how much of the sales came from the end-of-season sales? 
Because you were one of the players, retailers who started the season with 
a late end-of-season sales. Most of the fashion retailers, they started their 
end-of-season sales from mid of December. 
 
But yes, the large format stores who sell your product, they started off 
from mid-December. So the case in point is, yes, on one side, you have 
demonstrated that a better gross margin and a better EBITDA margin. So 
my question was how much of it has come from the discount sales? And 
how much has it come from the full-price sell-through? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See here in Q3, as you rightly said, we delayed discounting, and we didn't 
go on EOSS sales with the industry, we delayed it because our full-price 
sell-through was good. Our like-to-like growth were good. So we didn't see 
the need to blink and go early, we held it. In Q3, there's hardly any 

discounted sale in this result that we have announced. That's why our 
discounting is lower by 1% in retail, 2% in B2C. 
 
So we've been able to grow and like retail has grown at 15% and like-to-like 
double-digit across brands. And despite our hesitation to go or participate 
in end-of-season, we've grown well on all parameters, be it sales or be it 
profitability. Our EOSS, the journey is in January, and we will announce 
those results when we announce the quarter 4 results. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
So on a macro basis, how was the quarter? I mean, because what we 
understood when we were preparing the preview was that when we spoke 
to most of the fashion retailers, they were not very gung-ho about the 
quarter. They said that Q3 was a sort of a relatively muted quarter. 
 
After the festive season, sales dropped and then there were challenges on 
the demand. But still, you have been able to record a pretty decent growth 
and pretty improved margin. So on a macro basis, how was the quarter? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: So I think the quarter -- I think here, you have to appreciate the beauty of 
our portfolio. We have such a strong portfolio of these 5 marquee brands 
are leaders in this space. In super premium segment, the Tommy and the 
Calvin Klein have a dominant position. U.S. Polo is a nearly INR 2,000 crores 
dominant brand in the men's casual space with strong momentum. 
 
Arrow is a leading brand in the formal segment, a top-ranking brand across 
the channel. Flying Machine is a youthful jeans wear brand. So I think what 
we did the whole this portfolio re-jig a couple of years back and focus only 
on the marquee brands. In tough market conditions, this strategy always 
helps because we have very, very powerful brands in our portfolio. 
 
And also, you have to see our portfolio in the light there is a whole 
casualization happening in the world. And our portfolio is very casual 

portfolio. So this casualization also helps us more than it helps some other 
players. And that's why we always seen that the market leader always 
benefit in good times and in bad times because people -- if you were to buy 
one T-shirt, you would rather buy a U.S. Polo than some other brand. If 
you're buying 5, maybe you will buy some other brand. But when the 
markets are tough, then the leaders gain market share. And that's what is 
happening. And when the market improved in winter, when the market 
improved for weddings, and we saw strong trading for wedding dates in 
November, and we saw early onset of winter where a lot of casualization 
happens in the winter. 
 
So our brands have benefited. Also to my team's credit, our teams have 
executed the plans very well. Our marketing effort, we upped the 
investment in marketing, our quality of merchandise, the collection, for 
example, the Orry x FM collection, it got sold out, was very, very elevated. 
So I think because of our strategy of this focusing on marquee brands and 
our ability to revitalize the growth of these brands and investing, we have 
benefited. 
 
Now whether market was good for everyone or not, time will tell. But 
frankly, if I have to summarize the Q3, I'm very pleased with the way AFL 
has performed in these muted conditions in Q3. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Fantastic. Congrats once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the paucity of time, we will take 
this as the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Ankit Arora for closing comments. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thank you everybody, for joining us on the call today. If any of your 
questions have remained unanswered, please feel free to reach out to me 

separately, and I'd be happy to answer them offline. Thanks and look 
forward to interacting with all of you again next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arvind Fashions Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines.   
Note: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
