 
 
 
 
Date: 31st January,2025 
  
To,  
The Secretary,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No- ‘C’ Block,  
G Block Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
  
SYMBOL: TARACHAND 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Transcript of the Investor Meet held on 28th January, 
2025, Tuesday at 04:00 PM(IST) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), we 
are hereby sharing the transcript to the Stock Exchange of the Investors Meet held on 28th 
January, 2025, Tuesday. 
 
The same shall also be made available on the website of the Company 
(www.tarachandindia.in) as per the prescribed timelines under the Listing Regulations. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
  
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Tara Chand InfraLogistic Solutions Limited 
  
 
Nishu Kansal  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
M.No.: A33372 
  
Encl.: As above 
NISHU 
KANSAL
Digitally signed by 
NISHU KANSAL 
Date: 2025.01.31 
16:17:34 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited Q3 & 9M 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIMANSHU AGGARWAL – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CFO, TARA CHAND INFRALOGISTIC 
SOLUTIONS LIMITED 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing *, then 0 on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vinita from Stellar Investor Relations. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Vinita: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We welcome you all 
to Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited Q3 & 9 Months FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today the Senior Management Team of Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions, Mr. 
Himanshu Aggarwal – Whole-Time Director and CFO. 
We shall be sharing the key “Operating and Financial Highlights” for the 3rd Quarter and 9 
months ended December 31st, 2024. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that this call may contain some of the forward-looking 
statements which are completely based upon our beliefs, opinions, and expectations as of today. 
These statements are not a guarantee of our future performance and involve unforeseen risks and 
uncertainties. The Company also undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statements to reflect developments that occur after the statement is made. 
Documents relating to the Company's Financial Performance, including the Investor 
Presentation, have been uploaded on the Stock Exchanges and the Company's website. I now 
invite Mr. Himanshu Aggarwal to share his initial remarks on the Company’s performance and 
then we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you and over to you, Himanshu. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you for the introduction, Vinita. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
I, Himanshu Aggarwal - the Whole-Time Director and CFO of Tara Chand Infralogistic 
Solutions Limited welcome you and thank you to be a part of the Earnings Call for Quarter and 
9 months ended 31st December 2024. 
I hope that you all have had the opportunity to look at the Presentation that was posted on the 
NSE and Company website yesterday. The Financial Year 2025 has been a year of milestones 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
for the Company with the first one being achieved on April 16, 2024, when the Company 
migrated to the NSE Main Board. 
I understand that some of you might be new to our Company. So, to start with, I would like to 
give you a brief about what our Company does. Our Company operates across the length and 
breadth of India through its three key segments of verticals, Segment-A which is called 
equipment rentals and infrastructure works. It currently contributes about 55% of the overall 
revenue. Segment-B, which is warehousing, handling and transportation, it contributes about 
40% of the overall revenue. And Segment-C is steel processing and distribution, which 
contributes about 5% of the revenue mix. 
In the equipment rental segment, our Company serves India’s infrastructure development and 
industrial capacity expansion needs through a vast fleet of cranes, piling rigs, aerial working 
platforms also known as man lifts and trailers. The largest crane in the Company’s fleet is of 800 
tons lifting capacity while there are 106 cranes in total with lifting capacities ranging from 50 
metric tons up to 800 metric tons. Additionally, there are hydraulic piling rigs which are used 
for ground improvement and foundation works in the civil construction domain. And we have 
got aerial working platforms that are used for working at heights above 30 meters. In the 
Financial Year 2024, we have introduced the tallest aerial working platform in India at that time 
with a working height of 68 meters and the same remains deployed for a critical steel plant 
expansion project on a long-term basis. 
The Company has been active in the construction of large metros, the metro rail network that 
spans across the country. We have been a very active participant and played a very important 
role in the ongoing construction of the first ever bullet train of the country, which is also known 
as the Mumbai Ahmedabad High Speed Rail project. Apart from that, in our industrial capacity 
expansions, we are actively working with the cement, steel, oil and gas, in refineries as well as 
the power sector industries. The Company, in this financial year, also entered the renewable 
energy sector and we are working in both the solar and wind energy domains. In the urban infra 
or rural infra development, we are also actively working with NHAI and other such agencies for 
development of large network of highways and such infra across the country encompassing 
states like Jammu and Kashmir in the North, Gujarat in the West and then East, we have got 
Assam and West Bengal as well. 
In our Segment-B, we are providing warehousing and logistics solutions specifically for the steel 
sector. The warehousing activity is primarily executed for PSU companies like Steel Authority 
of India Limited and Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited, where the stockyards are either owned by 
the client or owned by us. The Company has vast experience of more than 4 decades for steel 
handling projects where we are involved in handling of more than 10 million tons of steel per 
annum. 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
The third segment, steel processing and distribution, is a relatively small segment with lower 
margins. Here, the Company processes steel for its end user clients from third party sources, and 
this segment is there more so from a customer stickability perspective only. We have a very 
diverse team of domain experts, operators, engineers and technicians who are spread across 21 
states in the country. Our total team strength is upwards of 700 people and at present the 
Company is working across 74 sites in the country. 
On the Financial Results for Q3 and 9 months’ ended December 2024, I will just share a few 
highlights. Again, this has been a milestone period for the Company in which we have recorded 
a highest ever quarterly and half yearly revenues and also the highest ever Q3 and half yearly 
profits. In Q3 FY25, we achieved our highest ever quarterly revenue of Rs. 64.2 crores, making 
a 45% year-on-year increase with an EBITDA of Rs. 20.8 crores and an EBITDA margin of 
32.4%. Our profit after tax of Rs. 5.2 crore was 56% year-on-year growth culminating in an EPS 
of point Rs. 0.7 per share which is again 65% year-on-year growth.The cash profit after tax stood 
at Rs. 17.2 crores which marked 49% year-on-year growth. For the 9 months ended FY25 
December 2024, our revenue reached Rs. 166.2 crores, which is a 34% year-on-year growth with 
EBITDA at Rs. 58.5 crores which was again 42% year-on-year growth and a margin of 34% in 
the EBITDA. Notably, our profit after tax grew to Rs. 17 crores, which is actually slightly higher 
than the total profit for the last financial year. So, this showed 73% year-on-year growth, while 
the EPS showed Rs. 2.2 per share, which is 69% year-on-year increase. The cash profit 
subsequently climbed to Rs. 47.27 crores, which is a 42% year-on-year growth as well. 
On another financial control measure that we have taken which has helped us to bring down our 
receivable days, which have come down to 79 days for the 9-month period compared to 101 
days in the previous year. This reflects a significant improvement in our cash flow cycles. We 
have a very healthy order book of Rs. 73.30 crores as of January 2025, which is executable in 
the current financial year itself, and this again reflects a 67% year-on-year growth in the order 
book. And for the 9 month, our equipment rental segment registered a high growth of 69% at 
Rs. 91.80 crores in revenue and recorded an overall EBITDA of 49%. It is important to note that 
a revenue of Rs. 10.9 crores with an EBITDA margin of 19% from specialized services contract 
is also included in this segment revenue figures. So, the EBITDA margin from equipment rental 
stood at 53.8% for the 9 months ended December 24. 
Among the major sectors served by us in the equipment rental segment, the rural and urban infra 
sector contributed 40% of the revenue, while cement was at 30%, followed by steel at 21%. As 
stated earlier, we ventured in the renewable energy sector in this FY and it has contributed 5% 
to the revenue mix for this segment. Our warehousing and transportation segment registered just 
a marginal 8% increase in revenue at Rs. 65.6 crores due to the one-off decline registered in Q1 
FY25. This segment registered an EBITDA margin of 15% for the 9 months ended December 
24. The revenue for our third segment, which is steel processing and distribution, declined by 
17% for the 9 months and it stood at Rs. 8.8 crores. There was no revenue recorded for Q3 in 
this segment. The EBITDA margin for this segment for the 9 months stood at 4%. 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
In the equipment rental segment, the average gross monthly rental yield rose to 3.05%, rising 
from 2.75% in the same period last year. This has been primarily due to the meticulous CAPEX 
undertaken by the Company in the previous and ongoing FY. In the current year, the Company 
has already completed a CAPEX of Rs. 132.7 crores, which is the highest ever in the Company’s 
history. With this CAPEX, the Company has now added 30 cranes, 5 aerial working platforms 
and 20 prime movers with trailers to its fleet. The total fleet size of the Company now stands at 
362 machines against 307 machines in the same period last year. The gross block of the 
Company has grown to almost Rs. 408 crores as of December 24 against Rs. 298 crores as of 
31st March 2024. 
The debt-to-equity ratio of the Company for the said period is at 0.91 compared to 1.08 for the 
same period last year. The positive impact of the CAPEX that has been done is expected to 
further boost the Q4 performance of the Company as a large chunk of the addition that took 
place in Q3 was done in the second-half of the month of December 2024. 
To conclude: 
I would say that these stellar results reflect our relentless focus on growth, strategic investments 
and flawless execution. We have surpassed our targeted 30% year-on-year growth in our revenue 
for the financial year and we are confident of continuing this trend in Q4 FY25, which is 
traditionally the best quarter for the Company. Thank you for your continued trust and support 
as we move ahead together. We strongly believe that the future looks bright and we are just 
getting started.  
So, thank you! And with that I hand it back for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Rohan Mehta from Ficom Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Mehta: 
So, my first question is, could you provide me with net yield for segment A for the current 
quarter Q3 FY25 and also Q3 FY24? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
For Q3 FY25, the gross yield was 2.98 and gross yield for Q3 FY24 was 2.75. On a net yield 
basis, it was about 1.9% in Q3 FY24 and in Q3 FY25 it would be around 2.1%. 
Rohan Mehta: 
And also, can you provide me more details about the specialized service contracts? Basically, in 
terms of the nature of work, how differentiated it is from a regular EPC contract, just wanted to 
understand the nuances? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Regular EPC contract is a combination of a lot of things, and it has a much larger scale. So, 
basically, this is a smaller chunk of a large EPC contract where specialized services with regards 
to either specific manpower services or machinery is involved, which is to give the necessary 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
result for the overall larger contract or the larger work that has been done. The specificities of 
the nature of work, I will not be able to diverge much of that, because that is again more of an 
internal matter. 
Rohan Mehta: 
And I have noticed that the EBITDA margins for Segment-A declining from about 50% to 44%. 
Now I do understand that this includes specialized service contracts, so I wanted to know what 
will be the steady state margin’s expectation you have in this segment moving forward? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, going forward, like we are also getting certain contracts which as of today also if you talk 
about Rs. 73 crores order book, there is a mix of equipment rental, warehousing as well as 
specialized service contract. So, for this specific segment, the 44%-46% combined revenue 
EBITDA margin wherein these specialized services also included is a steady state scenario in 
the near future. And as far as independently the equipment rental is concerned, there we do see 
that it is ranging between 53%-55%. 
Rohan Mehta: 
And one final question, how do you see the current macro environment in terms of the crane 
rental yields, are you seeing any slowdown or any demand issues at the moment? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
At present, we are not seeing any challenges and also with the demand that we have in the present 
quarter and the visibility that we are getting from our clients in the coming quarters. We haven't 
seen a slowdown in demand because of the nature of work that we do, the mix of equipment that 
we have. There is still sufficient demand in the market and there is a lot of activity and a lot of 
activity has picked up in the last couple of months or so as well because there was some 
slowdown in the first quarter because of elections and then monsoons were there, but activity 
has subsequently picked up at least as far as the services we are provided to give. So, that is 
nowhere we are seeing that any specific slowdown is impacting our equipment rental division. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bhavya Sonawala from Samaasa Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
I have a couple of questions. My first question is similar to the previous participant, in terms of 
share from the rural and urban infrastructure has kind of been decreasing and even though the 
cement and the renewable sector have shown some decent contribution, particularly in this 
segment, are we seeing any kind of slowdown caution or is there any reason behind it if you can 
just throw some light on this? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
With regards to slowdown, again to repeat the earlier answer, in the sectors we are currently 
operating and with the kind of equipment and services that we give, we haven't seen any specific 
slowdown impacting our demand. One, we are working across sectors, so our equipment is 
usable across sectors, so we have not really seen any instance where any equipment has not been 
utilized because it cannot be used in a specific sector per se. So, for example, the cranes that we 
purchase, they are purchased in a way that they are basically with all their different accessories. 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
So, they are fully loaded cranes as they are called and they can be used in the cement plant, they 
can be used in the wind sector as well as steel industry or in the infra sector also we are using 
them. And when it comes to our piling rigs, again we are working like with JK Cement in their 
plant, we are working with infra companies for infra works. So, there are multiple activities 
across which, we have got our works happening and we do not see a challenge with regards to 
the demand for the equipment that we have. 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
Second question is kind of on a macro environment, so in the near future, do you expect any 
kind of oversupply in terms of crane rentals? And I understand that industry is very segmented 
with each segment rely in different type of cranes, so overall do you see any issue probably 
oversupply of 6 to 1 year down the line which could probably affect us in our rental income 
growth or overall? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
With the kind of opportunities that we are discussing, at least at our client level and the project 
base because we have a visibility of projects based on the tenure of projects. Usually, these 
projects are 3 years, 4 years or at least 2 years. So, we do not see that the supply, if any of the 
oversupply that is being talked about would impact the demand because on the other side there 
is an increasing demand side is also there from the client side because various sectors are 
expanding. Although at the macro level, we are also hearing that there is  slowdown probably in 
productions or in the expansion plans of companies, but that doesn't directly impact us because 
the services that we are catering to are not dependent on how fast or how big they expand because 
that will only add to a larger demand. But even at the slower pace that they are going to expand, 
if we look at, on a conservative side as well, there again the demand is high enough to cater to 
the supply that is already there or is going to add up in the next year or so. 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
My last question, if I can squeeze in, just what is our average cost of borrowing? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
We are at about 8.8% cost of borrowing for this financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ashish Khurana from ANK Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashish Khurana: 
I am a bit new to the Company, so my question was a bit broad based, so especially regarding 
the equipment rental business, so it seems like a pretty solid business in terms of the margin and 
the cash flow it generates. So, my question was, regarding the kind of entry barriers or the 
competitive advantage that we have in this segment, so from outside, it seems like the ability to 
manage once fleet utilization reach a certain scale knowing when to sell to manage residual 
value. And all these could be some factors which helped build a strong as they call it, moat 
around the Company, but your views as an insider to this Company and just would help 
understand this much better? And also, if you could give a ballpark figure of what is the share 
of organized versus unorganized players and specifically, equipment rental industrial sector? 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, with regards to your question, you put out a very broad question and some of it you kind of 
answered where basically, the equipment rental business per se, it is not about just having the 
asset and giving it out on rent. So, it goes out as a service package where the entire management 
of that equipment, which is basically operations of that equipment with the operating crew, the 
maintenance and all the other accessories that go with it, are our responsibility. So, that is one 
difference where it is not just about having the bandwidth to invest and bring in a machine and 
then get the orders for it. Two, having a network of clientele over the years, we have been in this 
business for more than two decades now, so that has enabled us to establish credibility among 
clients, plus the kind of contracts and orders that we work with, which are large clients and large 
orders. Then, there are very stringent norms with regards to statutory compliance as well as 
safety guidelines that need to be followed. So, that is not easy for a smaller Company or growing 
Company to easily get a grasp of. It takes a lot of time to reach that stage. So, those are factors 
and then obviously having the right kind of equipment mix, the knowledge for having the right 
kind of equipment mix to be able to take advantage of the opportunities that are there or are 
coming up with the kind of discussions and visibility that we get from our clients. So, that has 
enabled us to establish this kind of moat as you kind of pointed out around this business. And I 
hope that helps clarify what you were asking with regards to our Company. 
Ashish Khurana: 
With regards to organized versus unorganized share? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
It is hard to put numbers on it, but for the organized side, I do know that there are close to about 
at max 10 big companies in the country who can be considered big by the virtue of the number 
of machines or the kind of machines they have. And there again, it is difficult to kind of put them 
in a same basket because not everybody is doing the mix of equipment like we have got cranes, 
piling rigs, AWPs, trailers and somebody is doing just cranes. So, there are different mixes there, 
but yes, there are about 10 organized players, of which only about 2 or 3 are listed, and the rest 
are big enough as private limited Company. But a lot of it apart from those 10 would be 
considered in the unorganized sector. That is a personal view. 
Ashish Khurana: 
And Himanshuji, you while answering the last question mentioned that most of our equipment 
is full-fledged as in it can be used across sectors and one thing which I have noticed is that in 
the last year, how we have shifted our sector concentration and gone from being heavy on 
infrastructure to cement and metals. So, this shift is possible in a similar 6-12 months’ time 
because as you said, we have been in this business for 20 years and we have the clientele  and 
whenever we see certain sectors going down we can find other sectors where there is still demand 
and shift to that that is something we can expect in future as well, is it? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes, definitely, like currently, you would see last year we were at about 10% in petrochemical 
and this year, we are at about 4%. It is just because we saw better opportunity in the steel and 
cement sectors, and we mobilized equipment there. In the infra sector, we have kind of pulled 
out for the very reason and in previous calls, I have tried to explain that because we were also 
doing some sort of subcontracting activity back in the day, in about 22-23, which we stopped 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
doing after September 23 specifically because of the margins being very low and there being a 
lot of disputes also arising there. So, that has made us concentrate more towards the better 
margin, better cash flow driven sectors and that is the mix we have tried to follow and going 
forward, as you asked, there are certain sectors like we have started with the renewable energy 
sector only this year. Petrochemical, as I pointed out, there is a large opportunity there as well 
and we keep weighing in the opportunities and then take a call on which machine needs to be 
deployed where, so that we can expand our share in that sector or our revenue mix for that 
specific sector based on the demand. 
Ashish Khurana: 
Sir, my last question would be on our gross yields, so we I think, as far as I know are already 
probably the best among the listed players at close to 3%. So, is there more room for expansion 
in that or given that we already, I think have capitalized a large bit of CAPEX that we have done 
recently, so shall we assume that it would be around this range going forward? Or what are the 
other drivers that could if at all make it go up? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, to answer that, we are at a pretty good level already because being at 3.05% is one of the 
better levels to that as we understand in this market, but the drivers for any change on the upward 
would be better pricing going forward and also, when we calculate our gross yield numbers, it 
is based on the net market value of the equipment that we have, the total equipment that is 
deployed in the equipment rental segment and the return that we are getting on it. So, the net 
market value also keeps changing on a period basis like what the net market value of our 
equipment was a year ago and what it is now has also changed with the new CAPEX as well as 
the other equipment they are depreciating  a bit while the rentals have remained similar to what 
they were a year ago. So, that gives a little surge on the gross yield as well. So, those factors 
could add up to any positive side that you would see, but 3.05% or 3% is pretty good or ideal 
scenario at least for now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Manan Vandur from Walfort PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Manan Vandur: 
Sir, my first question is that even as we are coming towards almost the end of the financial year 
and in previous calls, when I had asked about guidance earlier, so you said that around quarter 
3, you might give something. So, do you have any plans for FY26 guidance that can give us? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
The guidance you are particularly asking from a revenue perspective or any other aspect that 
you are looking at for FY26? 
Manan Vandur: 
It would be revenue guidance, EBITDA and PAT? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, it is still a little early for us, but as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we have been growing 
at 34% in this financial year against our targeted 30% and we are confident that with the kind of 
order book that we have and visibility we have for Q4, we will easily be crossing our target of 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
30% and rather maybe achieve a little better as well. Going into FY26, we would definitely push 
to maintain our 30% year-on-year growth while the EBITDA margins, which are currently about 
34% is the range that we are consistently working to remain at about 34%-35% overall EBITDA 
margin, which is considering all the segments. And even on the CAPEX side, we had planned 
Rs. 160 crores CAPEX at the start of this financial year, which was to be done by Rs. 100 crores 
this year and Rs. 60 crores next year. But we had to prepone some of it because of the demand 
that we saw and it made more business sense to do Rs. 130 odd crores this year. In Q4, we 
haven't yet thought of anymore CAPEX but going forward the balance Rs. 30 odd crores that is 
left plus another Rs. 50-Rs. 60 crores we do see would come into play for CAPEX in the next 
financial year as well. That is a basic guideline that we can say for FY26. 
Manan Vandur: 
So, you are saying that as of now in FY26, the CAPEX you can see would be Rs. 60 crores plus 
Rs. 30, so Rs. 90 crores, something? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
It could go to that extent, but we will have more clarity towards the end of Q4. So, when we 
have the next call, probably when we are discussing Q4 results and the FY results, we will be 
able to give a more firm picture of FY26. 
Manan Vandur: 
The second question would be, sir that have we completed the renewable energy order which we 
had in Q3 because in Q2 presentation in order book, it was written 5% of the total order book is 
renewable energy and this quarter results, the revenue is at 5% of renewable energy from the 
revenue part. So, does that mean that we have executed renewable energy order? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
We have executed the initial orders, and these usually tend to keep getting extended. So, the 
trend is such that from the overall equipment rental revenue, we are getting 5% in renewable 
energy because the other sectors are also chipping in, and they are also growing. So, we are able 
to maintain renewable energy currently at 5%, but as I was trying to answer an earlier question 
from Mr. Ashish, going forward, if we see greater opportunity there and better margins or better 
cash flows there, then we would move more towards renewable energy. But as of now, we are 
comfortable with the sector that we are operating in and that is why we are getting those good 
numbers as well. 
Manan Vandur: 
And the last question would be that how much of this Rs. 73 crores orders, could you bifurcate 
this to us in terms of the equipment rental, what different sectors could be there? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, on the order book front, in the segment wise, you are trying to ask? 
Manan Vandur: 
Yes, like cement and power renewable energy that? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
That is difficult for me to give out because we haven't done those numbers, frankly and I don't 
have it in front of me right now, but I can definitely look it up. You can send out an e-mail and 
we can respond to that. But as a revenue mix out of the Rs. 73 odd crores, we have got 64% 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
towards Segment-A and 36% is to Segment-B, which is material handling and 64% is for 
equipment rental. But in that 64%, which sector wise division is there, I will not be able to 
comment on that right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Chaitanya Sharma from TradeWalk 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
I have two questions on the operations front and one on the financing front. First one being, how 
is the Company financing its CAPEX and what kind of revenue can we see from these CAPEX’s 
and when? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
To answer the financing part, so the CAPEX that we do, it is a combination of debt plus internal 
accruals plus there is suppliers credit based which usually ranges from 2 years to 2-1/2 years. 
So, basically, our upfront margin is about 25%-30% of the overall equipment purchase that we 
do, which we manage from our internal accruals. Balance is from suppliers credit, which 
converts into debt, or we pay upfront to the supplier on completion of the credit period and the 
credit period that we get from the supplier, it is an interest free credit period. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
And what kind of margins did you mention? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
About 25%-30% upfront margin is paid to the supplier. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
The next question is, how is the Company targeting to complete its CAPEX? I think that was 
already asked, but you had a target of Rs. 160 crores and how much are you planning to go 
beyond that in FY26? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, we had Rs. 160 crores target for 100 this year and 60 next year, of which we have done Rs. 
132 odd crores this year itself. So, the Rs. 28-Rs. 30 crores will overflow into the next financial 
year plus as I mentioned in the earlier answer as well about Rs. 50-Rs. 60 crores, we do see that 
we would be taking up based on more visibility that will have clarity towards the end of Q4. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
My next question is, what are your rental equipment utilization rates and what are the rental 
yields trajectory you are seeing? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Average monthly rental gross level is 3.05% for the 9-month period and for the quarter it was 
2.98% and you had another question, I missed that. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
What kind of trajectory are you seeing and what are your equipment utilization rates? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
In the quarter 3 FY25, we achieved an average capacity utilization of 89% and overall, for the 
9-month period, the utilization has been at about 85%. On the trajectory front, the 3.05% yield 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
as I answered in the earlier question is already at a pretty decent level. So, we see that we will 
be able to maintain that. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
And my next question is recently RINL, which is Vizag Steel, was approved quite a lot of equity 
infusion about Rs. 11,000 crores and they are expecting to ramp up their operations. How does 
our Company stand to benefit from it anyway and what kind of revenue growth you see there? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
We would definitely be benefiting directly because we are managing the entire central dispatch 
stockyard of Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited plus we have got their stockyard in Mumbai and 
Nagpur. So, the volumes would definitely increase with the ramping up of their operation, which 
is happening in the current month itself. So, as you would see that the revenue for our Segment-
B, which is warehousing, and transportation has only grown by about 8% year-on-year. So, there 
we see a large opportunity which will definitely with the RINL operations coming to the peak 
levels that are required because they have got a total capacity of 7 million tons of which only 
about 4 million tons or so, if I am not mistaken, is currently being produced. So, with the ramp 
up that is happening that will definitely help in our revenue for Segment-B and also eventually 
bring in the other numbers as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ronil Dalal from Ficom Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Ronil Dalal: 
So, my first question was that one of your larger competitors, they have actually mentioned that 
they are 10%-15% decline in their crane rental business and also their CAPEX, they have revised 
it downwards, so I think that is why a lot of the questions you are getting probably on the demand 
side as to which we are seeing any signs of slowdown or any kind of pressure on yields, but this 
at least from your commentary so far, that does not seem to be the case. So, is there any reason 
that you would think that there would be that difference between some of your peers and your 
operations? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, to answer that, I will try to broadly give an idea of how we work. So, basically, as I have 
tried to explain sector wise distribution also, our sector wise distribution is different from other 
competitors or peers that you probably are looking at, one. Two, with the kind of bandwidth we 
have with the mix of equipment, we are working across the board with clients with different kind 
of work. So, if I have got piling, for example, for the same client, I have got piling rigs working 
at a project, subsequently where I have got cranes also working or aerial working platforms 
working for that client at that same project or at another project. So, the bandwidth is there as a 
multi solution provider to the client, and we have also got our logistic services. So, that that 
helps us to have a stronger relationship with the client in that sense and it gives us more visibility 
because we get associated with the client at a pretty early stage for large projects. So, that is 
giving us the confidence and it is helping us to bring in the kind of revenues and the kind of 
profitability that we have been seeing over the last year and we are still very bullish and positive 
about the demand going forward because the size of the fleet that we currently have, it is very 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
well placed and the kind of expansion that we are looking at, we are very well placed to manage 
on the demand side. We do not see any challenges there. 
Ronil Dalal: 
And is there any segment where you are seeing any slowdown? I understand overall, the demand 
is good, but amounts to your different segments, which are the maybe one or two segments if 
you could highlight where there maybe some slowdown if anything at all? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, one area that we did see with renewable energy, especially wind, at the start of the financial 
year, there was a lot of positivity towards the opportunity there, but the projects at the ground 
level did not really take off at that speed at which it was anticipated probably. So, we have also 
been very careful and cautious about pushing for growth there, and that is why we still remain 
at 5% of our equipment rental revenue from the renewable energy sector, of which it is actually 
a mix of solar and wind and almost equally divided between solar and wind. We have been 
cautious there and we continue to remain cautious because that is one sector we still feel is not 
very clear on the demand cycle that was earlier anticipated. Apart from that, on the infra front, 
there have been certain projects because of this being a very election driven year because of the 
national elections and the multiple state elections especially large state elections like 
Maharashtra and others, there have been challenges on the infra project also taking up to that 
kind of speed. But that has been kind of now it is getting into speed, and we do see that going 
forward, the infra sector at least do not seem to be a challenge with regards to the demand cycle 
now coming back to the anticipated levels, at least for our equipment if we talk about. But for 
the renewable energy sector, especially when I see that is an area that might still be challenging. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Besides that, there are different kinds of reports, and I don't know if it is true or false, but there 
is an increased competition in the equipment rental space right now, so how are you navigating 
that? Are you feeling anything around that increased competition? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Definitely, with the kind of growth that has happened over the last couple of years, the 
competition has increased, but with the larger players that we work across, with the larger 
equipment rental players, if I talk about, there again, everybody has got their own pocket 
concentrations of strength with clients or regional concentrations, and we have worked on that 
or like we have taken up a large chunk of our work in the Eastern side of the country as well, 
which we were not working earlier. So, we have spread across like Orissa and Jharkhand and 
Chattisgarh, all those areas we have covered in the last one year and a half where we have been 
able to then kind of de-risk ourselves from the concentration of competition in a specific region 
per se. So, that is how we work, and we concentrate more on project where we focus on getting 
a larger chunk of the project and a concentration of equipment there. So, that has helped us in 
managing the competition level from our other competitors as well. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Is there any increase in borrowing costs that you expect going ahead, you are borrowing at a 
pretty decent rate. So, do you think that this number can go up? 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
At present, we do not have any new borrowings lined up and these are mostly borrowings from 
previous periods which are at a pretty good rate already and we have that kind of rapport with 
our banks where we ensure that we get the best of pricing and there are multiple banks that we 
work with. So, any specific major rises from the RBI that could lead to a rise in borrowing cost 
that could come into play, but at least as of the current scenario, we do not see any major change 
coming in our average cost of borrowing which is at about 8.8%. 
Ronil Dalal: 
And just my last question is that you had mentioned that margins can be 34-35%, but given that 
Vizag Steel is expanding, and you might get a lot of orders from there that would be possibly at 
a lower margin, so on the overall margin basis, would that mean that the Company level overall 
margin can then come below 34%, maybe closer to 32%? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, currently, if you look at it, our margin in Segment-B has been on the lower side because of 
the lower volume of steel that we have been able to handle in the current financial year, which 
has been primarily because of RINL’s challenges. With RINL improving its production, we have 
got a similar cost into play. So, we do see our margins kind of improving in that segment, which 
will help us to manage the overall margin in that range of 34%-35%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sir, I wanted to understand regarding next year's 30% guidance number that you are saying 
projecting, as in do we have started taking orders for that what is the order book for FY26 that 
we are already getting now and what are the key factors do you think which will help us to 
achieve this 30% number that we are expecting for next year? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, as I tried to answer the question which was there earlier, on the next year's guidance, so it is 
still something that we are targeting and as I said, the clarity would be there towards the end of 
Q4. As far as order book is concerned, with regards to our warehousing and transportation 
segment, the contracts are usually 5-7 years, so we do have visibility there even up until 2027-
2028. Then for our equipment rental, because we are towards the end of this financial year, it is 
only 2 months left. We have got visibility for certain contracts which are running into up until 
the Q2 of next financial year. So, taking all that into consideration, the CAPEX that we have 
done and what we intend to do in the first half of the next financial year, all of that we have 
factored into and with the kind of growth that we are seeing in the demand in our warehousing 
segment, as we talked about RINL coming back to its full-fledged production levels, or at least 
at the best optimum production levels. All of those factors have been considered when we are 
looking at growing at 30% next year as well. But I would again add that more clarity would be 
there towards the end of Q4 onwards. 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sir, in terms of equipment rental, which sectors you think will contribute because as you said, 
renewable is slow, government CAPEX is also looking slow, I think cement is also a bit of slow. 
So, what are the sectors which will help you in that? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
With regards to infra and cement, although they are slow on a macro level, but the growth that 
they are still doing is sufficient for the consumption of the kind of equipment that we are 
supplying or the services that we are supplying. So, we do not see a challenge at our level with 
regards to the demand for our equipments and the services that are working in these sectors, 
because infra sector is pretty large and when we look at a macro level that it has slowed down 
or the CAPEX has slowed down, we are talking about thousands of crores of numbers there 
whereas our chunk of the share is very small. So, our growth is sufficiently available for us to 
grow. The room is sufficiently available, and we are working towards that. So, those sectors, 
infra, cement, steel, petrochemical is one area that we are focusing on going forward, there is 
still a lot of demand there. And cement though at macro level, there might be a slowdown there, 
but still, we do see sufficient demand in the cement sector also for the equipment. We will 
continue to be working in these sectors. And renewable energy, we will definitely take a call 
based on how the demand pans out. 
Ankur Kumar: 
And next question is on the depreciation line items, it has reached around Rs. 12 crores per 
quarter now, so how should we look at that number going forward? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, with the CAPEX that has happened, that is naturally a result of that and going forward that 
will be similar because we are at about Rs. 30 crores of the depreciation for the 9-month period 
and if Rs. 12 crores is the quarterly depreciation, so anywhere around Rs. 42 crores is what we 
anticipate for the financial year and similarly going into next financial year, those are the 
numbers Rs. 11-Rs. 12 crores is the quarterly depreciation that we anticipate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mohit Negi, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Mohit Negi: 
Sir, my question is related to the steel processing and distribution segment. I heard in your initial 
comments that there was a degrowth in the revenue, is that correct? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
That is correct. 
Mohit Negi: 
So, is there any particular reason for that and how do we see it going forward? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, to answer that I have highlighted in my opening remarks as well, it is a low margin business, 
and it is more so from a customer stickability perspective where our end user client who is 
already there in our Segment-B or Segment-A sometimes requires steel to be processed at third 
party locations and then delivered to them. So, we do that as an add on service and in Q3, we 
did not have any or we did not take up any such order because we are being conscious about 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
maintaining our margins because with an EBITDA margin of just about 4%-5%, it is not making 
too much sense to continue growing that business. So, we maintain it and we do it only when it 
is actually required to cater to a peak high and we are not seeking business specifically in that 
segment itself. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Manoj from Kivah Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Manoj: 
Can you share the amount of depreciation that we spend versus the useful life of the crane like 
we depreciated in 8-10 years versus the useful life can be 30 years or something? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, we depreciate the equipment as per WDV, which is written down value and it is done as per 
the norms available under the relevant act. As per the useful life of the equipment, usually the 
larger cranes which we talk about 100 tons and above are cranes useful life is considered at 
anywhere between 15-20 years. The larger the crane, the larger the useful life is the way it works 
and with our other equipment like with piling rigs, a useful life can be anywhere between 10-15 
years; for aerial working platforms again, it is 15-20 years, so with the kind of equipment it 
varies. For trailers or trucks, it is slightly lower because they are more used on the road, and they 
have got more variants there. So, there is a combination of different useful life for different kinds 
of equipment. 
Manoj: 
And one of your peers mentioned that the useful life for some of that was like 30 years as well. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes. See, there are cranes, but we take the conservative side and consider 20 years and usually 
we try to, the way the cycle of equipment like we follow is that we try to sell off equipment in 
8-10 years of their life with us. So, that we can then invest into new, fresh and modern equipment 
and also get a good return on the equipment that we are selling out rather than keeping it for 
much longer and then not get a good value. 
Manoj: 
And would you like to guide separately on the equipment rental margins for the next year? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, the equipment rental margins are at about 53% and for specifically equipment rental. And if 
I look at the Segment-A as a whole with specialized service contract in there, which we were at 
44%, so as a whole with specialized service contract, it will be anywhere between 44%-46% and 
on the equipment rental independently, it will range between 53%-55%. 
Manoj: 
So, we can maintain the existing margins? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Right, yes. 
Manoj: 
We were earlier saying basically new equipment, which is, margins could improve? 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Right. So, that is the reason that we have come to 53%-55%. Earlier, we were at about less than 
50% in the previous periods. 
Manoj: 
So, from here, we don't see an improvement? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, 2% or 200 bps improvement is what we are looking at from 53%-55% is the range. That is 
why we are talking about to be able to maintain this kind of margins. 
Manoj: 
 Sir, solar additions are happening. When you say you are seeing a slowdown there, are you 
specifically talking about the blended solar and wind projects and specifically, wind projects or 
you are even calling out solar as well? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Specifically, wind is where we did not see the kind of movement on the ground with regards to 
the projects that were announced or were anticipated, so wind is the area where especially a lot 
of our larger cranes are utilized. So, that is where we were being focusing on when I said on the 
slowdown. So, solar as such, we have had our equipment working there as well and we do not 
see a challenge there. 
Manoj: 
Sir, as you said, election related and the government spending was slow in the first half, has that 
seen a meaningful pickup in the last few months? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
We do see some sort of demand changing in the last couple of months in the infra sector where 
the equipment utilizations have gone up and that is why for the quarter 3, you would see that we 
had a capacity utilization of 89% and for the entire 9-month period it is 85%. Yes, there is certain 
change that is there and going forward, we are positive about it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Chaitanya Sharma from TradeWalk 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
Two more follow up questions, what are your outlook on cash accruals? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Cash accruals for the current financial year? 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
I think the cash balance currently on your balance sheet is close to 0. How do you plan on 
bringing that up again? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
With cash and cash equivalents, just to answer the second half of the question, first, if you look 
at our cash flow statement, the cash and cash equivalent as of December 24th stood at 152 million 
actually, so Rs. 15.2 crores as of December ‘24. That has already been on the improvement side. 
And on the question with regards to the cash accruals, so at the cash pat currently was about Rs. 
47 crores for the 9-month period and we see that going forward if the kind of depreciation 
numbers that are there and the profitability trend that we are seeing, those are expected to 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
improve could be anywhere in the range of Rs. 60 odd crores by the end of this financial year. 
And for the next financial year, it is difficult to give any guidance on that because we don't really 
do that. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
And how are you planning to maintain or improve your working capital cycle? If I am not wrong, 
is it around 88 days right now and in the past, it has sometimes gone to 130 days, 120 days. So, 
how do you plan on working capital? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, the receivable cycle days has come down to 79 days, net of GST as of the 9-month period, 
which was 101 days for the same period last year. We have been consciously pushing our clients 
and also ensuring that the terms in the contract are more stringent which has helped us to bring 
down the receivable cycle days by one full month and that further we are looking at ensuring 
that we continue to take that forward and our target is to be anywhere between 65-70 days which 
is ideal for the mix of sectors and segments that we are operating in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sir, I wanted to understand, as in renewable is how much percent of our business, is it like 5% 
only? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, it is 5% of our equipment rentals sector. So, 5% of the Segment-A, of the overall business 
will be then slightly lesser. 
Ankur Kumar: 
And sir, when you say the wind is a bit slow, as in other listed wind companies, they seem to be 
executing quite well, winning quite good order, so what exactly is happening there? Can you 
please comment because the listed ones have at least been reporting good numbers? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
See, we are not very active in the wind sector. So, I am commenting from a perspective of our 
research with regards to how aggressive we should be in that sector. In that sense, we have seen 
that although there have been a lot of order announcements, order wins, but at the ground level, 
there have been challenges with regards to right of way or other issues, as well as money flowing 
into the projects. So, the projects haven't taken up the speed that they should have. So, that is 
where we see that there is a challenge in that sector as far as our perspective is there with regards 
to going aggressive in the wind sector specifically. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu 
Aggarwal for his closing comments. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone once again for joining today for the Earnings Call for Q3 and 
FY ended 31st December 2024. As stated in the opening remarks, we are very confident going 
forward that we will continue with the trend of our achieving the targeted 30% Y-on-Y growth 

 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
and we should be able to surpass that rather as Q4 is traditionally the best quarter for the 
Company. And once again, thank you for your continued trust and confidence in our vision and 
onward journey. Thank you and back to you Ryan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
