 
 
PL/SEC/TGT/2024-2025/120 
 
 
 
 
Monday, 3rd February, 2025 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: PRICOLLTD 
Scrip Code: 540293 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Con-call Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we herewith submit the Transcript for the Con-call held on                
30th January 2025 pertaining to Company’s unaudited financial results for the quarter 
and nine months ended 31st December 2024. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pricol Limited 
 
 
 
T.G.Thamizhanban 
Company Secretary 
ICSI M.No: F7897 
 
Encl. As above 
 
>X< pr1ca/ 
PR/COL LIMITED 
Passion to Excel 
109, Race Course, 
Coimbatore-641 018, India 
'-
+91 422 433 6000 
m connect@pricol.com 
_ pricol.com 
CIN:L34200TZ2011PLC022194 
;.., CUSTOMERS ;.., EMPLOYEES ;.., SHAREHOLDERS ;.., SUPPLIERS 
THANGAVEL 
GAJALAKSHMI 
THAMIZHANBAN
Digitally signed by THANGAVEL 
GAJALAKSHMI THAMIZHANBAN 
Date: 2025.02.03 16:25:53 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
PRICOL Limited  
PRICOL Limited Q3 and 9 months FY’25 Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9-month  FY 2025 Conference Call 
of PRICOL Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand the 
conference over to Ms. Nupur Jainkunia. Thank you and over to you Ma’am.   
Nupur Jainkunia: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Nupur 
Jainkunia from  Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Pricol Limited. On 
behalf of the Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's Earnings 
Call for the 3th Quarter and 9 months ended for the Financial Year 2025. Before we begin, a 
quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's concall may be forward-
looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which 
could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on 
management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to 
the management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-
looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of Today's Earnings 
Conference Call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the Company's fundamental 
business and Financial Quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call and 
hand it over them for Opening Remarks. We have with us Mr. Vikram Mohan – Managing 
Director; Mr. P. M. Ganesh – Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director, and Mr. Priyadarsi 
Bastia, Chief Financial Officer. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Vikram Mohan to start with his opening remarks 
followed by financial and operational highlights of the company. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Vikram Mohan: 
Thank you, ma'am. Good evening everyone and a warm welcome to our Q3 FY’25 earnings call. 
The presentation has already been uploaded and I hope all of you have had a chance to see the 

 
Page 2 of 12 
same before this call. As all of you are aware, the automotive industry is seasonal and the 
Quarter 3 is always the weakest quarter in the financial year. In spite of having a weak quarter 
in the automotive industry, your company has performed reasonably well under the 
conditions. Our revenue for Q3 is Rs. 6,159 million with EBITDA of Rs. 780 million with EBITDA 
margin of 12.67%, PAT of Rs. 414 million with PAT margin of 6.73% with a basic EPS of Rs. 3.40. 
At a consolidated level, our long-term borrowings continue to stand at nil. We will move 
straight to the question-and-answer session. 
May I request participants in the interest of democracy to restrict yourselves to one question 
and once you receive the answer for the same, to go back to the question queue so that 
everyone in the call has a chance to ask questions. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is from the line 
of Khush Nahar from Electrum PMS. Please go ahead. 
Khush Nahar: 
My first question was regarding the demand. This quarter, we have grown 11%, which has been 
considerably on the lower side in the past 10 quarters. So, what kind of growth are we seeing 
going ahead from FY’26. After the consolidation, we are well above our target of 3600 of 
revenue that we have envisaged. So, what type of growth we see FY’26 onwards also on a 
consolidated level? 
Vikram Mohan:  
This quarter, demand was a little muted in the entire industry and in addition, we had some 
supply chain issues, which resulted in lower sales. We are expecting to grow at around between 
13% and 15% based on our product mix, new product introduction, and market demand. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aman Agarwal from Carnelian Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aman Agarwal:  
My question was on the acquisition. If you can briefly talk about the strategy for this acquisition 
and once the deal is complete, what will be our strategy and plan for the next 3 to 5 years? 
Since TVS is the largest customer, it is diversifying from that as well as focus on growth from 
that segment as well as margin improvement. You can talk a bit on that. 
Vikram Mohan:  
Aman, I will break that up into 3 parts the answer for the say, the rationale for the acquisition. 
I have always maintained over the last 2 years that we are looking at an acquisition where in a 
commodity space and plastics is something that we understand very well in Pricol and we are 
masters in plastics and we want to acquire a company with a low TTM or time to market as we 
say in our industry. Because in our current products, from the LOI for the business to the start 
of production is anywhere from 30 to 36 months. We wanted to acquire a business with a 12-
to-14-month TTM and we came across this asset which was well run, belonging to the TVS 
group with good value systems, good quality and good engineering. The revenue from the TVS 
group is about 50% at this point in time. The plan is to significantly grow this business and move 
from a component supplier to an FSS business. The total business that is expected to be done 

 
Page 3 of 12 
by this company this year is about 800 crores with an EBITDA of about 70 crores and we have 
acquired the business at an adjusted EBITDA multiple of 3.5 times EBITDA multiple which is 
value accretive to our shareholders. The growth plan as I mentioned is to move from more 
components to more engineered products which is to be a FSS plastic supplier. This company 
already has some world class customers as its customers and I personally met all of these 6 
customers and they are willing to grow the business and expand the business and probably in 
a quarter from now once we take over management and start the planning process I will be in 
a better position to comment about a 3 to 5-year outlook. But our plan is to double the business 
to about or somewhere in the region of 1700 crores over the next 3 years. Both organically and 
inorganically. 
Aman Agarwal: 
Understood sir. That was really helpful just a follow up on that. How much would be the 
domestic revenue and how much would be exports? Incrementally would we focus more on 
domestic or exports? 
Vikram Mohan: 
There is no export revenue in the company. It is entirely domestic. Once we take control and 
follow up to quarters down the line we will explore what are the possibilities for export revenue 
but exports in a plastic commodity is the chances are much lower unless we get into an FSS 
mode. 
Aman Agarwal: 
 
Right and so can we sell it to our existing customers? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Exactly. That is the thought process. That was the logic. Because being a TVS company they 
were restricted from selling to other two wheeler makers and other OEMs. With Pricol coming 
on board we will now pitch this business to all our other OEMs where we are working. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vipul Kumar Anupchand Shah from Sumangal 
Investments. Please proceed. 
Vipul Shah: 
 Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So sir can you comment on this recent two tie ups CGI Studio 
and TYW. So how they will be beneficial to us and so if you can briefly explain.  
Vikram Mohan:  
These are very old tie ups Mr. Shah. CGI Studio and Pricol have been working for a long time 
and TYW and Pricol also have been working for 1 year. This is more on technology and graphics 
and animation for our new projects. This is not a joint venture. This is only to enhance our 
technology in our products and this is not new relationships. These are old relationships. 
Vipul Shah: 
 
Ok. So we just pay the royalty or something like that? 
Vikram Mohan:  
It is a case-to-case basis. Development costs are paid and there is some transfer of technology. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dhiraj Kaswan from RRR Investments. Please go 
ahead.  

 
Page 4 of 12 
Dhiraj Kaswan:  
First of all congratulations on the acquisition and next I would want to know that 50% of the 
revenue of Sundaram comes from TVS and other revenue comes from the other where they 
supply. So how confident are you that you will not lose those customers as the company has 
left the umbrella of TVS and is joining Pricol now? 
Vikram Mohan:   
I have personally visited all the other 6 customers that contribute to the bulk of the business. 
They are very happy with the company and its products and strengthening the business and 
growing. 
Dhiraj Kaswan:  
Thank you and another follow up was that you said that you assume the company is going to 
grow at 13-15%. That is your estimate, and you want to double the revenue in the next 3 years 
so around 26-27%. 
Vikram Mohan: 
13-15% is the growth rate for Pricol with new product launches and market growth and product 
mix. Sundaram Auto Components Limited which will henceforth be referred to as Pricol 
Precision Products with effect from 1st February, we want to take the business to about 1600-
1700 crores over the 3 years through organic and inorganic means. 
Dhiraj Kaswan:  
 
Ok. So that 13-15% growth estimate is including Sundaram or is it just for the Pricol? 
Vikram Mohan: 
It is excluding. It is for the business as it stands today for Pricol Limited. Pricol Precision Products 
which is how Sundaram Auto Components is going to be called. We are looking at doubling the 
business over a 3 year period to about 1600-1700 crores which is far higher than a 13-15% 
growth rate. 
 Dhiraj Kaswan:  
 
And the revenue of Sundaram will start flowing from which date?. 
Vikram Mohan  
Tomorrow is the date of closure. So if all goes well from 1st February it becomes a subsidiary 
of Pricol. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aman Agarwal from Carnelian Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Aman Agarwal: 
 So my question was on the ACFMS business. That business, how are we seeing the demand in 
domestic as well as exports market and we were facing some issues in the exports market over 
the last 1-2 years in this business some slowdown and all. So how is that behaving now and are 
we seeing some green shoots in that segment and any outlook on that? 
Vikram Mohan: 
 Exports have actually become even more hit-wins we have faced in exports and that is a cause 
of concern for us. We have seen off-take. We have not lost business or share of business. But 
the volume of business has come down because the production of the OEMs have come down 
in our market. But that will be offset from the next, let's say about 8-12 months or so with our 
disc brake business starting to pick up volumes. 

 
Page 5 of 12 
Aman Agarwal: 
Sorry sir, disc brake business will start in what period so far? When will the revenue start 
flowing from the disc brake business? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Disc brake revenue has already started. We have started supplies but the ramping up is 
happening. But in about 8-12 months we will start reaching mature large volumes. 
Aman Agarwal: 
Understood sir. Sir, one final question from my side. If I see this quarter's employee cost, it has 
increased despite the lower revenues in this quarter compared to last quarter. Is there some 
one-off or this is the recurring run rate and any reason for this increase in employee cost? 
Vikram Mohan:  
As a percentage of revenue it is the employee cost. It is not an absolute number because the 
revenue has come down typically this happens in quarter 3 of every year. This is something 
that you will see. 
Aman Agarwal: 
 
Right sir. And why it is that sir? Any reason for this quarterly phenomenon? 
Vikram Mohan: 
Because quarter 3, the revenue is always lower in the industry. Automotive industry is always 
Q3. Post Diwali there will be a drop and all customers shut down and the revenue is lower and 
that is the standard practice in the industry for decades. \ 
Aman Agarwal: 
Understood sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jaymin Desai from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Jaymin Desai: 
Good evening sir. Congratulations on the acquisition and thanks for taking my question. Sir, 
firstly just a clarification. The 13-15% growth number that you mentioned, that would be more 
near term, so Q4 or maybe next year as well? 
Vikram Mohan:  
We are expecting this growth rate over the next couple of quarters. 13-15% steady growth rate 
we are planning to maintain over the next couple of quarters. 
Jaymin Desai:  
Got it. That's helpful. Secondly, on Sundaram Auto Component margins, it added for about 70 
crores of EBITDA on a top line of about 800 crores, implying about high single digit sort of 
margins, whereas we are placed quite a bit above that. How do you see margins progressing in 
this entity over the next couple of years and what would be the drivers for that? 
Vikram Mohan:  
We are hoping over the next couple of quarters to increase the margin by about 200 basis 
points, which is why we have bought it at a lower EBITDA multiple for it to be value accurate. 
Jaymin Desai: 
 
Understood and this would be largely via efficiency improvements or any other reason? 
Vikram Mohan:  
I believe during efficiency improvements, productivity improvements and upgradation of 
certain machinery. Because the company in the last 2 years, ever since they kind of started 
looking at divesting non-core businesses, not much of attention has gone into this business. 

 
Page 6 of 12 
Jaymin Desai: 
Understood. Just final question if I may squeeze in. Any other thought process on more M&A 
activity? 
Vikram Mohan:  
I just mentioned earlier, we are looking at growing our plastics business both organically and 
inorganically. 
Jaymin Desai: 
 
And in Pricol? 
Vikram Mohan: 
 
Pricol at this point of time, we do not have anything in the offing. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Khush Nahar from Electrum PMS. Please go ahead. 
Khush Nahar: 
 
So, first question was how much debt would be there on the books after the consolidation? 
Vikram Mohan:  
I would request my CFO, what would be the consolidated debt post-closure of the Sundaram 
transaction on the consolidated balance sheet? 
Priyadarsi Bastia: 
On a consolidated basis, as we stand today, there is zero debt. After the closure of Sundaram 
deal, we will hardly have 80 crores of debt. 
Vikram Mohan : 
 
Consolidated, including Sundaram?  
Priyadarsi Bastia:  
Including Sundaram, sir. We will have 80 crores of debt. 
Khush Nahar: 
Okay. And the second bookkeeping question was that our other expenses have been 
increasing, maybe 3%, 4% for a couple of quarters, 2 quarters and on third quarter, it's around 
6% de-grown. So, is there any particular reason or is it the operational efficiencies that are 
kicking in? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Operational efficiencies and one-off, we use consultants to do certain technology agreements 
and also for this deal, we have engaged, for due diligence and everything, we have engaged 
people. These are the costs. 
Khush Nahar: 
No sir I am saying it has reduced by 6% in this quarter. So, that is because of the operating 
leverage only? 
Priyadarsi Bastia: 
Yes. See, you got it correctly. In Q3, it has come down. Q2, it was a little higher. Q3, because 
there are a couple of operational efficiencies which has come in and some cost reduction 
initiatives which we have started, because of that, the cost has come down. 
Khush Nahar: 
Okay. So, we can assume that 6.8% broad of revenue as a percentage should be maintained 
going ahead, instead of 8%. 
Priyadarsi Bastia:  
Kind of. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Suraj, retail investor. Please go ahead. 
Suraj:  
Yes, sir. Just one thing that I wanted to understand. Who are the biggest competitors that you 
are facing in the industry? Is it the auto OEMs or is it the auto ancillary manufacturers and 
secondly, what is the competitive advantage that you have as compared to your competitors? 
Is it in terms of the network effect or technological effect? So, these are the 2 things that I 
wanted to understand.  
Vikram Mohan: 
We still hold the largest market share for two-wheelers and off-road vehicles and commercial 
vehicles in the driver information system, which is our principal line of business. It is a 
combination of quality, cost, delivery, service, and technology, which is why we have the lion's 
share of the market. Our competitive landscape is companies like continental, Nippon Seiki, 
Visteon and Minda. These are our 4 principal competitors. In spite of which, we are maintaining 
a very healthy 40-plus percent market share in two-wheelers and 80-plus percent market share 
in commercial vehicles and off-road vehicles. It is only because of our continuous investment 
in technology. Even today, out of 1,000 employees in total white collar, 480 employees are just 
in R&D and technology. 
Moderator:  
  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Richa from Equitymaster. Please go ahead. 
Richa: 
My question is related to what share of revenue is coming from the electric vehicle segment. 
Also, if you could just give some commentary on what is happening on the BMS licensing 
agreement and the plan to manufacture in-house. 
Vikram Mohan:  
I will request our CEO, Mr. Ganesh, to answer both those questions on the BMS and on the 
electric vehicle, what percentage of sales of our total sales? 
P. M. Ganesh: 
Good evening, Richa. The EV contribution has been continuously increasing on the driver 
information system space. We are a major supplier to all the traditional OEMs like Hero Motor 
Corp., TVS Motor, and also Bajaj. So, our pie on EV has been continuously increasing. But, of 
course, some degree of maturity will be reached after 12 months because all these OEMs are 
evolving in terms of the volume. But, the pie of EV is continuously increasing, is number one. 
Second thing is on the battery management. 
Richa:  
 
Sorry to interrupt. Is it below 10% or higher than that?  
P. M. Ganesh: 
Currently, it is below 10% because if you see the total pie of the EV compared to the total two-
wheeler manufacturing is still quite low and it is evolving. We are very careful in the 
penetration into the startup EVs primarily because a lot of fluctuation is happening currently 
in the volume. So, secondly, a battery management system is under development and it is 
under testing with few of our key OEMs. May be H2 of this year, we will start some business 
on the BMS. And next year would be a full year of the battery management system sales. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
Richa:  
Sir, any kind of quantitative guidance on what kind of opportunity we are looking at here? It 
would be a little difficult for us to talk about the numbers and value. But, what we can tell you 
is that it is currently under testing with our key OEMs. 
Vikram Mohan: 
  
Unless it is tested and passed, we will not be able to indicate any volumes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Siddharth Chhabra from Minerva Asset Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Chhabra:  
Hi. Can you give me the asset turns and the working capital as a percentage of sales for 
Sundaram Auto Components? Asset turns of Sundaram and the working capital as a percentage 
of sales for Sundaram. What is the number there?  
Priyadarsi Bastia: 
 Working capital, they work with 20 days of working capital and asset turns, it is a very asset 
light entity because all the investments were very old investments. So, asset turns are pretty 
high there. 
Siddharth Chhabra:  
Can you give me a number? Is it possible? 
Priyadarsi Bastia:   
Assets are pretty old. 
Vikram Mohan: 
I don't think he has a readymade number right now on the call. If you can send an email to our 
secretarial department, our CFO will be able to answer. 
Siddharth Chhabra:   
Okay. I will do that. Secondly, can you tell me regarding the TFT clusters within two-wheeler 
market. Can you give me an idea about how do you see the ramp-up in penetration there? 
What the current penetration would be and how do you see the ramp-up in the next 3-5 years 
probably? 
P. M. Ganesh :  
TFT cluster again is an evolving technology in the two-wheeler. Today, 5-7% of our revenue is 
coming from TFT clusters and as more EV is going up, TFT is something that is going to become 
a major feature in all these vehicles. Not only on the EV, in the recent times even IC engine has 
started adopting the TFT primarily because of the flexibility whatever it offers in terms of many 
features that can be added in quick time. So, we foresee that it is going to have good growth 
in the next 2 years. If you remember, 5 years back, many of the mechanical clusters got 
converted into LCD. Today, the same thing is happening. Moving, migration is happening from 
LCD to TFT. 
Siddharth Chhabra:  
Okay. And by penetration, I meant in the overall industry. You gave me the revenue figure. 
That's great that will be also helpful. But in terms of the industry, in terms of two-wheeler, how 
many units would be having the TFT and also you said, except EV, there is adoption coming. So, 
within that, where is it coming, scooters, bikes, where are you seeing this penetration 
increasing? 

 
Page 9 of 12 
P. M. Ganesh :  
We are seeing TFT adaptation both in the scooter and motorcycle, both. It is not because it is 
a scooter, EV or IC or motorcycle. TFT is a convenience for people to have more features like 
onboard navigation or connectivity, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, screen mirroring. Many of the features, 
if you have seen, Pricol already has launched that in the market with multiple two-wheeler 
customers. Now, if you ask me two-wheeler TFT in specific, we are quite proud to say that 
nearly 80% of the TFT business of whatever is there in the two-wheeler is with Pricol. 
Siddharth Chhabra:  
Okay. So, 80% of TFT two-wheeler industry is with Pricol. 
Vikram Mohan  
 
So, two-wheeler TFT 75-80% market share is maintained by Pricol. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Praveen Yadav, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Praveen Yadav:  
Sir, I have two questions. The first is about the product mix. Basically, volume and revenue 
product mix in terms of two-wheeler, passenger vehicle, commercial and off-road vehicles and 
my second question is about how we are progressing on e-cockpit commercialization. Are we 
able to get any order from any customer in the near future? 
P. M. Ganesh :  
To give you a rough product mix in terms of vertical, this is little rough. 65% of our revenue 
comes from the two-stroke three-wheeler. If you see on the automotive side, 65% to 70% of 
the total India vehicle production comes from the two-wheeler. This is one and Pricol follows 
the same standard of what the industry has in terms of percentage. That is why we are a very 
balanced company cutting across all segments of the market. Second, 10% of our revenue 
approximately comes from the commercial vehicle segment. Now I am including tractors also 
though it is not a part of the automotive since we are a major supplier to tractors. 5% to 7% 
comes from the tractor industry and off-road vehicle, 90% of the market share is with Pricol on 
the off-highway vehicle, the construction equipment where 7% to 8% of our total pie comes 
from the off-road vehicle and the remaining 10% comes from the personal passenger vehicle 
segment. 
Praveen Yadav:  
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you. The other one is about the E-Cockpit commercialization. Can you 
please share some updates on that? 
P. M. Ganesh :  
I will break up E-Cockpit into two. One is, you have to be on the infotainment before we go into 
the E-Cockpit. Infotainment already actually is under testing with certain key four-wheeler 
customers at this point of time. We are jointly evaluating our infotainment. Step two would be 
in parallel we are developing the E-Cockpit which will have the integrated connected cluster 
with the infotainment that is also under testing. In fact the good news is even two-wheeler 
now has started looking into the infotainment system in a larger manner and our product is 
getting validated with some of the two-wheeler customers as well on the infotainment. We 
hope from the next financial year because this takes a longer time for the software maturity 
and the testing which has to happen at our place and the customer place. So we expect from 

 
Page 10 of 12 
next financial year not from 2025-2026, 2026-2027 onwards we expect good amount of 
revenue to come from the infotainment and E-Cockpit. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bismith  Nayak from RW Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Bismith Nayak:  
Thank you. Sir, you hinted at loss of sales due to supply chain issues in your initial answers. So 
can you please quantify this and are these issues largely over with? 
Vikram Mohan:  
These issues are getting under control. About 50% mitigation has been done and the other 50% 
mitigation will happen in Q4 as we speak and supplies will be normalized from Q1 of FY’26.  
Bismith  Nayak: 
  
Understood. So the 13% to 15% Pricol’s guidance is adjusted for this also, I am assuming? 
Vikram Mohan: 
  
Yes. 
Bismith  Nayak: 
Okay. Another, sir, just a clarification that exports will remain subdued for the next 8 to 12 
months. Did I hear it correctly? 
Vikram Mohan:  
 
At least for 8 quarters. 
Bismith  Nayak: 
Okay. So Pricol’s domestic mostly plus SAC ramping up from high single to low double digit. So 
with export remaining subdued and domestic as well as SAC's ramp up, Sundaram's ramp up, 
we should expect EBITDA to be somewhere around 11 to 12%? 
Vikram Mohan:  
 
Around 11 to 12 is right, yes. 
Bismith  Nayak: 
 
Okay and lastly, sir, what will be the PAT figure or PBT figure for Sundaram? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Why don't we comment about Sundaram once the acquisition is completed, we take control 
because technically, as of today, it is not Pricol’s company. 
Moderator:  
The next question from the line of Khush Nahar from Electrum PMS. Please go ahead. 
Khush Nahar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir my question was regarding Sundaram. Could you elaborate 
who are our major competitors and second, sir, what kind of CAPEX we are seeing in Pricol and 
in Sundaram for the next 3 years? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Sundaram, we will talk about, like I said, all questions pertaining to Sundaram, broad contours 
of the deal have been given. Once we complete the acquisition and first 3 months we work on 
the company, we will be in a better position to give you more figures of how much CAPEX is 
required, how much more supply and demand, etc. Pricol we are at the far end of a 650 crore 
CAPEX cycle, which I have been talking about for the last 3 years. We are at the far end of that 
last 200 crores of that CAPEX cycle. 

 
Page 11 of 12 
Khush Nahar: 
Okay and sir major competitors for Sundaram, if you can just comment. 
Vikram Mohan: 
 There are plenty of people in the plastics industry. There is Baroque, for example. There is 
Motherson in some cases. There is Tata Plastics in some cases. 
Khush Nahar: 
Okay, sir. So just how do we plan to compete with these players, what differentiates us? 
Vikram Mohan  
See the company is competing with all of these players and making money. So we will continue 
to do the same thing and do it better. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Siddharth Chhabra from Minerva Asset Advisor. 
Please go ahead. 
 Siddharth Chhabra:  
Hi. So we are talking about the CAPEX that last 3 years, this 600 crore cycle is going to be 
finished. Now, do you have – is it possible to give any idea over the next 3 years what the kind 
of CAPEX is going to be? Any range possible? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Now, we have just gone through a heavy round of CAPEX. Now, we will go CAPEX lite unless 
there is any inorganic growth before going through the next phase of growth. 
Siddharth Chhabra:   
Maintenance CAPEX and that would be in the range of? 
Vikram Mohan: 
Our maintenance CAPEX is about 100 to 120 crores a year. 
Siddharth Chhabra:   
Okay. So unless there is acquisition, this is going to be your yearly run rate going forward? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Yes. Sundaram, of course, once it becomes Pricol Precision , we will then work out the CAPEX 
plans for that company and in about 3 to 6 months, we will have a CAPEX plan for that company. 
Siddharth Chhabra:   
Okay. Right and earlier, the EBITDA margins were being discussed going forward and you said 
that it should be expected in the 11 to 12% range. 
Vikram Mohan: 
So I always maintain that we will be on a consolidated basis at around 13%. Now, with 
Sundaram joining the table, it is going to be a lower average because the plastics business is a 
lower average. But in terms of rupee EBITDA, obviously, it is going to go up. 
Siddharth Chhabra:   
Okay. But you maintain the overall margin at 13%? 
Vikram Mohan  
Overall margin of Pricol will be maintained, but when Sundaram consolidates, it is going to 
come down lower because plastics is a single digit margin and not a double digit EBITDA 
product. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Smit Shah from Monarch Network Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 12 
Smit Shah: 
 Hi, sir. My question is on the ACFMS segment. What kind of growth can we expect in that 
segment and what are the levers of growth in that segment? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Levers of growth in the segment will be the fuel pump module, which will ramp up over the 
next year, and disc brake, which will ramp up in the next 12 to 24 months. These will be the 
major growth drivers coming to the ACFMS segment in the coming quarters. 
Smit Shah: 
Okay. So disc brakes, we have started to supply, right, but not in a meaningful manner right 
now. That is the status, right? 
Vikram Mohan: 
 No, we have started supplies already of the disc brake and our product is on the field. Now it 
is on a ramp up phase. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Swapnil Gupta from White Pine Investment 
Management, Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Swapnil Gupta:  
Sir, what is the current penetration of TFT clusters in two wheeler and going forward, say in 
next 2 to 3 years, what will be the TFT penetration? 
Vikram Mohan  
I think this question was answered earlier today by our CEO.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for the day. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Vikram Mohan: 
Thank you very much all for your participation in this conference and look forward to seeing 
you in the full year FY’25 results conference call, where we will also be able to throw a little bit 
more light on our new acquisition, which would be completed in our management control by 
then. Thank you very much. Good evening. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Pricol Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines 
