 
                                                   
 
 
 
NEL/084/2024-25 
 
 
 
 
 
              Date: 12th February, 2025 
 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
'G' Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
            Corporate Relationship Department 
            Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
            1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
            Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers, 
            Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai –  400001. 
 
Ref: Symbol– NAVNETEDUL 
Ref: Scrip Code – 508989 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure of Transcript of Earning Call for the quarter and nine months ended 31st 
December, 2024 
 
 
This is further to our letter dated 29th January, 2025, wherein we had given you an advance 
intimation of the earning call with the investors and analysts. Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform you that the 
transcript of earning call held on held 6th February, 2025 to discuss the Operational and Financial 
performance of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 is 
attached herewith and available on the website of the Company at www.navneet.com 
 
You are requested to take note of the above. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
FOR NAVNEET EDUCATION LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
AMIT D. BUCH 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
MEMBERSHIP NO. A15239 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amit 
Dushyant 
Buch
Digitally signed by Amit Dushyant Buch 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=400077, l=Mumbai( Sub 
Urban ), st=Maharashtra, street=9, Chandraprabha Building 
Ghatkopar East, Mumbai  Sub Urban  , Maharashtra India- 400077- 
Near Swami Narayan Mandir, title=0788, 
2.5.4.20=9616d6e9be15e1cf59638441d3d5c8ce7ae5c429c69160
35986ca6bdb3a3420f, 
serialNumber=e4149cc0f62195354a22e1e8e3fc84e67947d33d54
fc85ac1718fbdcbc9a5e5e, email=amit.buch@navneet.com, 
cn=Amit Dushyant Buch 
Date: 2025.02.12 12:01:17 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Navneet Education Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 06, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 6th February 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GNANESH (SUNIL) GALA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– NAVNEET EDUCATION LIMITED 
 
MR. KALPESH DEDHIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NAVNEET EDUCATION LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Navneet Education Limited Q3 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
Before we move on to the presentation, a small disclaimer to all the participants. This conference 
call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not 
the guarantees of future performance and involves risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil Gala, Managing Director from Navneet Education 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Thank you. Hello, everyone. Good afternoon, and a very, very warm welcome to everyone 
present on the call today. Along with me, I have Kalpesh Dedhia, our CFO; and our Investor 
Relations Advisors, SGA. I hope you all have received our investor presentation by now. For 
those who have not, you can view them on the stock exchanges and the company website.  
I'll straight away start with the first 9 months to start with, then I'll be speaking on the quarterly 
numbers. So our first 9 months of financial year '25 reflects a mixed bag of performance. Our 
export stationery business continued to be a key growth driver benefiting from strong global 
demand, expanding market reach and our focus on high-quality innovative products.  
The publication business maintained a stable growth trajectory, supported by consistent demand 
and strategic partnerships. However, our domestic stationery business faced certain challenges 
due to a competitive landscape. So let me now briefly talk to you about quarter 3 numbers. 
So first, I'll start with the publication business. So the revenue from publication business grew 
by, of course, a good percentage. Maybe clarifying again, quarterly numbers are frankly not 
representative for the full year, but why this growth? This growth was primarily driven by a few 
institutional orders that significantly contributed to our top line, reaffirming our market 
leadership and deep rooted presence in the education sector. This achievement reaffirms our 
market leadership, deep rooted presence and ability to successfully execute large-scale 
institutional orders. 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Moving forward, we remain focused on expanding our reach, strengthening our content portfolio 
and leveraging digital platforms to enhance distribution and accessibility. These strategic 
initiatives will enable us to build on our success and drive sustainable growth in the publication 
business.  
Now on stationery business. First, I'll talk about domestic. So that business faced challenges 
during the period, primarily due to continuous decline in raw material prices, which led to a 
cautious approach from dealers and distributors in procuring inventory. This resulted in slower 
demand and impacted both revenue growth and margins.  
As a result, revenue from this segment declined by 24% YoY to approximately Rs.51 crores. 
This is a revenue decline. But as far as the volumes are concerned, the decline for 3 months has 
been 15% and for 9 months, it is just 3%. Because of the low finished product prices -- because 
of the raw material prices, the revenue numbers have declined. 
However, with paper prices stabilizing rather a little bit on upward movement, we anticipate a 
gradual recovery in Q4 '25 as distributors and retailers have already regained confidence in 
restocking the inventory.  
To mitigate this impact on the short-term challenge, we are actively implementing several 
strategic initiatives aimed at enhancing operational efficiencies, optimizing costs and refining 
our pricing strategy. By improving supply chain agility and maintaining a balanced approach to 
pricing, we aim to stabilize margins while ensuring competitiveness in the market. 
Additionally, we are focused on strengthening our distribution network and exploring 
opportunities for the product innovation to drive sustainable growth in the domestic stationery. 
So in a nutshell, while near-term challenges persist, we remain optimistic about the long-term 
growth prospects of this segment, backed by our strong brand positioning, extensive market 
reach and commitment to delivering high-quality products.  
Now come to exports. The export stationery business continued its strong growth momentum, 
delivering an impressive 17% YoY increase in revenue to Rs.115 crores. This robust 
performance was driven by successfully introducing new product categories, catering to 
evolving customer preferences and our strategic expansion into newer international markets. 
Majorly, when I'm saying markets, majorly, it is newer markets, what we mean is the Central 
America over and above the North America. Our efforts to strengthen relationship with existing 
clients while simultaneously acquiring new customers have significantly contributed to this 
upward trajectory. A key factor behind this growth has been our sustained focus on product 
innovation, ensuring that our offerings remain competitive and aligned with global quality 
standards.  
So overall, going forward, we plan to invest in strengthening our distribution network, majorly, 
I would say, including brand presence and leveraging technology to enhance customer 
engagement and operational efficiencies. So these were on the businesses. So on looking ahead, 
we remain confident in our ability to navigate market challenges while capitalizing on emerging 
opportunities. 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Despite the dynamic and evolving business environment, our strategic focus remains steadfast 
on strengthening our core businesses, driving innovation and expanding our presence in both 
domestic and international market. Now to achieve this, we are prioritizing product 
diversification, digital transformation.  
I should tell you today that to leverage the content repository that we have, today, we have 
launched Navneet AI for the benefit of teacher community. The response was so immense that 
all the teacher community is likely to use this platform and this indirectly will enhance the 
demand for our physical books as well as digital content. So our commitment to innovation will 
continue to drive the development of high-quality differentiated offerings that cater to the 
evolving needs of our customers. 
Additionally, we are actively exploring new growth avenues through geographical expansion 
and deeper market penetration. This is what briefly I wanted to convey to you on Q3 and 9-
month numbers. So I thank you, every one of you.  
And now I open the floor for Q&A session, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our 
first question from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, what was the value of the institutional order that boosted the growth in the publication 
business? If you can share that number? Also, who is the client? And if you can clarify the nature 
of the relationship here because I thought that typically guides and 21 Sets are sold over the 
counter through the dealer distribution model. 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes. Thanks, Jinesh, for this. So the total value in value terms, the amount was -- I wouldn't say 
it is big, but it was Rs.15 crores. And thankfully, these are various corporates and few of the 
government departments, which feels the need of additional supplemental products to the 
children community. Now when I mean corporate means many, many corporates have come 
forward to help the schools to enhance the learning capabilities. So these are Rs.15 crores.  
And the way we see it going forward, this business is likely to remain sustainable because the 
benefit –which government schools or the tribal schools that they have seen which the students 
were never getting these benefits, they will start getting benefits, overall results will improve. 
And therefore, we believe on a continuous basis, we should receive such orders. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
What is the outstanding order book currently? I know it's like just a novel venture for us, but do 
we have any number to share? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
On publication, Jinesh? 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes, yes. So by institution orders, I meant? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
None at present. And as you should -- rather it is a repetitive answer by me, but this business 
being seasonal in nature, now we will expect orders starting from the first quarter to the second 
quarter. So as of now, we do not have any outstanding orders from them. 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. And sir, secondly, I just wanted to understand this 24% decline that we have witnessed 
in the domestic stationery business. Now while I understand that a fall in RM prices will 
eventually lead to repricing of the product at a lower level. But over here, the fall is about 22%. 
So just wanted to check, is this essentially a repricing or are we losing market share over here?  
Just thought of checking this because, I mean, one of your peers, which has a relatively small 
exposure towards the paper stationery, now in this quarter, they reported a very handsome 
growth. So your thoughts on that? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes. So I will not comment on the peer or competitor right now. But there are 2 reasons. So as 
I mentioned in my speech, the volume growth for the third quarter was around 14% versus a 
revenue loss of 24%. So repricing is to the extent of 10%. As I also told in my speech earlier 
that because raw material prices were going down, the distributors and retailers normally start 
stocking from the month of December.  
They did not do that, thinking that prices will further go down. We had seen these cycles earlier. 
Now since the prices have stabilized of the raw material as well as have started some 
improvement in the pricing, very marginal, that will eliminate the doubt of further reduction. 
And so we should see fourth quarter a great quarter for the domestic stationery business as well. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood. Sir, one last question from my side. Now in this quarter, we recognized a fair value 
gain of about Rs.25 crores on our K-12 investment. Now in the notes to accounts, we have 
mentioned that this gain had come through because we decided to exercise the option. So if you 
can clarify what does this exactly mean? And going ahead, how will the revaluation happen from 
here on? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Kalpesh, You may comment on this? 
Kalpesh Dedhia: 
So Jinesh, since we are considering it as a financial asset now, we have an option of revaluing 
the balance or doing a fair market valuation whenever the price discovery is there. So whenever 
there is some transaction and we have a valuation report, we will fair value the investment, will 
come through P&L. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood. So has there been any price discovery in this quarter in the sense that any transaction 
has happened in K-12? 
Kalpesh Dedhia: 
Yes, there was some secondary transaction happened. 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes, Jinesh. So the other shareholder being Sofina, which has been holding for a while, they also 
sold around 5% equity to a new investor based out of Singapore. So there has been a price 
discovery in the third quarter. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Okay. And if I remember right, our stake was 14%, right? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes, it is 14.3%. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Arihant from Bowhead. 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Arihant: 
Sir, I wanted to know what was the Indiannica revenue and PAT this quarter and what is your 
guidance for FY '25 and '26 for Indiannica? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Kalpesh, you'll have to dig out that number, Indiannica? 
Kalpesh Dedhia: 
So Arihant, as you know, Indiannica, the main quarter is fourth quarter. But till December, the 
sale was about Rs.6 crores. 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Kalpesh, you may talk about corresponding 9 months. 
Kalpesh Dedhia: 
Corresponding 9 months, I think last year, it was only Rs.47 lakhs. So compared to that, we are 
in a much better position this year. 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So this year, the revenue projection that we have for Indiannica is between Rs.65 crores to Rs.70 
crores business. 
Arihant: 
Okay. And what was the PAT, sir? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
What will be the PAT you're saying? 
Arihant: 
PAT in 3Q and what will be your guidance for full year, sir? 
Kalpesh Dedhia: 
So PAT is about negative Rs.27 crores. And guidance is about, I think, Rs.2 crores to Rs.3 crores 
we will make in PAT. 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So Arihant, let me again repeat here that the Indiannica business, again, being seasonal where 
the fourth quarter is the real performing quarter. First 9 months, we do spend money not only 
for creating the products, but also to market the products. So in first 9 months, you will always 
see losses. In the fourth quarter, because of the high revenue, all those earlier losses will be 
recovered as well as we will generate certain -- some profit. So this year, as Kalpesh said, we 
should be positive at PAT level around Rs.2 crores to Rs.3 crores. 
Arihant: 
Okay. Sir, I wanted to ask, have we launched any new paper and non-paper stationery products 
in domestic market? And how has the offtake been of those products? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So Arihant, it is a continuous process of introducing newer products. Unfortunately, this is the 
third quarter is not the right quarter to see the offtake. At present, we start marketing and booking 
orders. As I said, booking order was a bit difficult in the current quarter because of the raw 
material prices going down on a continuous basis.  
Therefore, trade was not really ready to stock the quantity. So as we start receiving orders from 
fourth quarter, we are sure that we will see more and more offtake for the newer category of 
products also. So today, we may not be able to quantify in value or quantity what has been the 
response so far. 
Arihant: 
Similarly, sir, can you give some guidance on export order, the export order has been whatever 
you have received? And what would be comparable growth year-on-year based on order you 
received this year? 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
As mentioned in my earlier quarter speeches also in exports front, on a year-on-year, we are still 
expecting growth of 15%. Fortunately, we already have orders in hand, which we have to 
execute. So we are confident of achieving 15% growth in exports. 
Arihant: 
Okay. And sir, can you please guide on the margins for publication as well as stationery like 
how much growth are you expecting margin in FY '25? And similarly in FY '26 over FY '25, 
what can be the improvement in margin for both publication and stationery business 
respectively?  
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So as far as publication business is concerned, our margins will end at around 27% to 28% for 
the full year. And next year, because we are expecting better revenue growth, that margin should 
be around 30-odd percentages. As far as the stationery business overall is concerned, our margin 
this year may come to around between 10% and 11%.  
But with exports growing this year, we had some very low margin in domestic side. And 
therefore, the overall average margin will be 10% to 11%. But next year, when we see domestic 
also doing quite well in terms of revenue, that time we should come back to our original margins 
of stationery between 13% and 14%. 
Arihant: 
Okay. One last question. Trump has recently imposed tariff of 10% on China. So do you think 
it will benefit us in receiving higher orders from USA? And another part would be, is there any 
antidumping duty imposed or have you heard anything about that, that it might happen? Any 
color on that? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So we cannot predict what will happen in future from US side . But levying certain percentage 
of antidumping duty on any other country may benefit to us in a short term. Long term, 
everything gets adjusted. The manufacturers of China then may move away to other countries 
and all that. That has always been happening. So there would be short-term benefit, but there 
can't be long-term benefit because of this decision of the US.  
And antidumping duty on -- at least we have not heard any new antidumping duty on any of our 
product category now, but we do not really know when anything can come. So that we can't 
really comment on. Overall, what we understand that irrespective of antidumping duty in the 
U.S. the demand is going to remain, and we are not seeing any new manufacturing capacities 
being built in the US.  
So to cater to that demand, irrespective of the price, the customers will be buying the products. 
And therefore, demand from India as well as from the other countries will continue to remain. 
Now it is the competition between the countries, which one will become cheaper. So we are not 
much worried about antidumping being levied. Now which country is cheaper is what we have 
to really look for, including the duty that country will have to pay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from BugleRock PMS. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
My first question was in the 2 states where we are, Maharashtra and Gujarat, what is the progress 
on NEP for next financial year? And anything which has come from the state government? 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes, Himanshu in both the states, primary standards between first and second standard, several 
subject change has been announced. And based on that announcement, even we are ready with 
the new product line for those subjects. So that is the only announcement so far. So for the year 
'25-'26, a couple of subjects in Grade 1 and 2 is changing and Navneet is ready with that.  
But now since the momentum has started of changing the curriculum and what we have recently 
heard that central government is really after all the state governments to implement the NEP for 
us, of course, the curriculum is only the concern area. With that, now this momentum cannot 
stop. So for next couple of years, curriculum change we will witness. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. Okay. And for CBSE schools, has the curriculum been changed till what standards? 
Because we have our CBSE business also. So what are you seeing on the CBSE side? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So in '24-'25, Grade 3 and 4 did change. And going forward, two more standards will change. 
But CBSE business, curriculum change really does not benefit to a company like ours or rather 
any publisher because there is no practice of using second-hand books in CBSE segment. And 
all those textbooks have something to write on as well. So once the student uses a textbook, it 
does not become reusable. So irrespective of curriculum change, none of the company's 
publishers of CBSE will benefit on volumes. But Grade 5 and 6 is likely to get changed next 
year. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And see, one more expectation we had was it can lead to certain consolidation in the industry. 
And many small players may not be ready with the curriculum change and things like that. So 
do you think that is still a possibility or everybody has got sufficient time to get prepared, even 
very small player with Rs.25 crores, Rs.30 crores sales. So what is your thoughts on that? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Normally, this information of curriculum change is given to all the schools, concerned schools. 
So for CBSE, it will be CBSE schools well in time. It means the government or the department 
is ready with the content well in time. And therefore, all the publishers for that category has 
sufficient time to generate the newer content. So I do not think that because of the curriculum 
cycle, there can be a possibility of consolidation. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. And secondly, one thing what we are seeing is the premiumization and parents spending 
far more on their kids as per family is having 1 or 2 kids, okay? And education is an important 
thing on which people spend. What are you thinking? And what more can we do on the 
premiumization side, okay? Not just textbook, but various other sides of education when we are 
in the business or we are preparing various subjects and knowledge data bank. How can you use 
the premiumization story which is happening in the country? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes, primarily, Himanshu, Navneet has always been focusing on the volumes and not on just 
premiumization. But having said that, with that philosophy also, the premiumization in book 
category, it means in the publication category, we have all the CBSE textbooks, which are 
premium in terms of pricing compared to the supplementary books that we publish in 
Maharashtra and Gujarat.  
Additionally, we have now many new titles coming for the children book category. But please 
believe me, premiumization in education does not really bring volumes. So it may give us very 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
marginal benefit to the top line. But having said that, you're right that we can't ignore that area. 
And therefore, even in stationery business now under  youvabrand, we have so many premium 
products being launched in last 2 quarters. And I'm sure on a longer-term basis, that will help us 
not only increase the revenue, but also on the margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from SiMPL. 
Viraj: 
Sir, just a couple of questions. First is on the stationery business. I think what the communication 
earlier was that we will be looking to enter a significant capex for next two or three years, given 
the kind of tailwind we have in exports. And similarly, the kind of new product -- new category 
initiatives which are coming down to domestic. So can you just share, because if I look at the 
first 9 months or 6 months also, the capex spend seems to be hardly -- it doesn't seem to change 
much from the historical trend. So any color you can give, where are we and in the commentary 
you also talked about us getting good momentum from Central America. So any color you can 
give what kind of order book…? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Of this year, I would have guided that in next 3 years, we shall be spending around Rs.150 crores 
in the business. In the current year, you may not still see the capitalization because many of the 
projects are work in progress. And therefore, we have still not capitalized. But having said that, 
there are a couple of land parcels that we had to invest in, a couple of construction projects that 
are going on, which will get completed by March or maximum up to June, and then it will get 
capitalized.  
New machineries have been ordered and which will be installed by March, a few of them by 
June. So you will see in next 2 quarters some capitalization happening. But as I had said earlier 
also, we shall continue to invest for the stationery business majorly for exports to start with. But 
in domestic to bring out new category of products also, we will continuously invest. 
Viraj: 
Second question is on the domestic stationery. And if you look at our overall business profile, 
we are still quite heavy in terms of paper products and that too related to lighting and related to 
edges and things. Now if you see the landscape, even in paper products and non-paper products, 
you see various… 
Moderator: 
Sir, your voice is getting muffled. 
Viraj: 
Yes. I'm just saying that if you look at the domestic stationery business, we are still quite heavy 
in terms of paper products and that to writing products and adjacencies. Now if you see the 
marketplace right now, you have seen major players like DOMS and even others who are 
growing both in paper and non-paper category. So just trying to understand in terms of our 
approach when you talk about innovations, new categories, what kind of initiatives we have 
taken, what kind of rollouts we have seen and we should see in coming years? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So you are very right, Viraj. So as far as our core products, stationery products, paper-based 
stationery products, what we are doing is increasing geographic reach to improve the volumes 
and the value for the business. Additionally, as I mentioned to Himanshu or Arihant that we have 
introduced several other premium products, of course, again, based out of paper in the market. 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
And thirdly, as you rightly said, many of the competitors or the stationery manufacturers have 
several other categories.  
So I assure you that in next 2 to 3 quarters, you will also start seeing newer category being 
introduced in domestic market. Normally, as a strategy, what we do that most of the newer 
innovation, we first deal in exports. Having successfully implemented that, including the 
manufacturing and the quality, we introduced them into India. So a couple of products that we 
have already introduced in exports and are now successful will get introduced in Indian market 
as well. 
Viraj: 
Parallelly, I mean, just to kind of see this other way around, if you see among the successful 
players in stationery, you have grown quite well, not just DOMS, but there are several other 
players. You've seen a higher rate of innovation, a far more agility in terms of the whole new 
product initiatives and marketing in the domestic stationery for each of them. So I understand 
that you have a good amount of pipeline, new categories rolled out for the export where you are 
more of a B2B supplier.  
But when it comes to the domestic piece, what changes do you think you have done to put this 
on a growth part because I think we've been talking about competitive landscape, network 
expansion in core products. But somewhere, they're not really getting reflected. So just trying to 
understand both structurally, what changes you are driving to do, put this on a growth path? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
No. So you're right, Viraj. As I said, in exports, B2B, we have introduced successfully for the 
domestic making that Indianized version and introducing which we are focusing on. We should 
not and we believe, as a management, we may not be able to compare ourselves with the other 
competitors who have grown in respective businesses. Reason being they are there in that 
business for decades.  
And now they are bringing in more and more innovative products, the way we are bringing in 
our paper products. So having entering the newer categories, we may take a little time to 
introduce more and more innovative products. But basic products, you will see them introduced 
in next 2 to 3 quarters. 
Viraj: 
Just one question on the publishing in the coming. 
Moderator: 
Maybe please request you to rejoin the queue. 
Viraj: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Investment. 
Riya Mehta: 
My question would be in regards to the export opportunity. So who would be a likely competitor 
and which countries do we majorly export in? And what would the Forex impact considering 
that rupee is depreciating? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Thanks Riya. So as far as competition from India is concerned, frankly, we see very little 
competition for our category of products from the country. But when we talk of competition and 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
in exports business, we have to consider and we have to focus on the competing countries. So, 
for different categories, we have different countries that compete with us, which includes China, 
Indonesia, Latin American countries  and now even Vietnam.  
So these are the countries they compete with us on a different, different category. And we have 
to be very sharp and agile on our quality, supply in time, and pricing, which our team, 
fortunately, we are quite alert on. And that way, we believe the export opportunity will increase 
further. What was your second question, Riya? 
Riya Mehta: 
So basically, which countries do we export and what would be the Forex impact? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So our major exports, Riya, today is to the US, almost to the extent of 80% of our exports are to 
the US. And as far as the foreign currency is concerned, we do business very, very safely in a 
way that we have a Forex policy wherein all confirmed orders we hedge in advance. So whatever 
receivable that we have on our balance sheet today, or the confirmed orders, we have already 
hedged them in advance. Whatever new orders that will come now, we will get benefit of that. 
Overall, we have seen that keeping positions open has never benefited the company on long 
term. So year-on-year, our Forex policy has helped us maintaining our margins. So we may not 
see great benefit of rupee depreciation in this, this year. 
Riya Mehta: 
And how much is the time duration for the order? Like how much before do they give you order? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes Riya, we have 2 types of businesses in exports now. One is back-to-school business. For 
that, the orders are decided between November to January every year to be supplied starting 
from March till June, July. So, that is one category of business that we have. And the other 
category, the newer categories that we have introduced, which is an all-round year business. So, 
in both the businesses, as I said, for the first category, we receive orders between November to 
January.  
And for the second category, which is all-year-round business, that is a continuous ordering that 
we receive. So there is no lag time of receiving order and supplies. As we receive orders, we 
manufacture source material, manufacture, and supply. So, normally, it is maximum 2 months 
in that type of orders. When it comes to first category being back-to-school business, normally, 
it is 4 months that we have from receiving order to supply. 
Riya Mehta: 
So, since we have not received any major orders this time because of postponement or whatever 
reason, do we anticipate that orders being received in this quarter? How do we see this? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes, I did mention about this point for domestic stationery, not for exports of stationery. Exports 
of stationery, we have been receiving orders the way we used to receive in earlier years. So on 
that front, we did not have a challenge. Challenge that we faced in third quarter was for only 
domestic stationery. And that I think this concern will get over when we complete the fourth 
quarter. 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. And in terms of new domestic? Hello? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes, yes, go ahead, please. 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Riya Mehta: 
In terms of how much inventory of paper stationery do we keep? Because considering the paper 
prices going down, do we see a possibility of inventory write-down? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
No, no, no, no, no. So we -- as far as the stationery products are concerned, if the paper purchases 
are at the raw material purchase at a higher price and if we have priced it at differently, 
considering those prices, we have to reduce our margin and sell that. So never ever we have a 
dead inventory because of this raw material fluctuation.  
In terms of publications, that has never been a concern because price was never a primary reason 
to buy by the customers. It was the content quality. Therefore, in our history, we have never 
reduced the prices of our products. So, irrespective of paper prices going down or up, whatever 
pricing that we have decided and which is printed on a book at that rate only, it is sold in the 
market. 
Riya Mehta: 
So, how much paper inventory do we keep for the publication business? 
Moderator: 
Request you to rejoin the queue as there are several participants waiting for the turn. 
Riya Mehta: 
Sure. Just the last question. How much day inventory of paper do we keep? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So we would have for publication business around 3 months inventory right now. But mind well, 
this inventory has been built up in last 3, 4 months where prices were almost down. So we do 
not carry now high-priced raw material because we do not have such inventory. And for 
stationery, we would have hardly 1.5 months inventory. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sejal from Avendus Capital. 
Sejal: 
My first question would be, does the company has any plans to capitalize on the government 
push for regional language book announced in the budget '25-'26? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
I could not hear you properly. Does the company capitalize on what? 
Sejal: 
On the government's push for regional language textbook announced in union budget '25-'26. 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So of course, announcements are there. Let every state adopt it. And we have all the products, 
frankly, ready with us, depending on the request or the demand from the schools and as decided 
by respective state government or central government, we will get more demand if it happens. 
So that's really not much of a challenge for us. It is just reprinting what we have. So, it's not 
going to take time and we are as such always agile on inventory management. So that is easily 
possible for us. 
Sejal: 
Okay. And Navneet Education has outlined a capex plan of Rs.200 crores over 2 to 3 years, 
primarily for capacity expansion in stationary segment and regular maintenance and publication 
segment. Could you provide a detailed breakdown of this investment, including the specific 
areas of expansion, expected capacity additions, timeline execution, and an anticipated impact 
on revenue and margins? 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Sejal, if we can discuss this one-on-one or if we can mail to you would be a better idea because 
this will require for me to a little bit dig out the details. We just gave you the number based on 
the totals that I have in mind. We may not have breakup of all this thing right in front of us right 
now. Is that okay, Sejal? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum Capital. 
Amit Khetan: 
So Galaji, we saw some decline in our number of pages due to some changes in the curriculum 
last year, right, which impacted our revenues. Just wanted your perspective on with content 
moving increasingly online, is there a risk that there could be a structural decline in the number 
of pages and hence, the price of our products? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So Amit, the usage of books is not likely to reduce, as I would have said, but your question is 
number of pages or the content. Now as far as the state curriculum or state schools are concerned, 
we still do not see great adoption of technology. And therefore, we do not see even state 
governments planning to reduce the content in physical form. So we really do not worry about 
that.  
But as far as the CBSE textbooks are concerned, the Grade 3 and Grade 4 content that was 
published by the NCERT and thereafter by the private publishers, we did not see actually a 
reduction in content. It was in state of Gujarat this year in the first and second quarter, certain 
subjects where state governments did reduce the sizes, and accordingly, we had to redo or 
redesign our product, that was the effect. But now offload, we are not seeing that happening at 
all. 
Amit Khetan: 
Got it. Got it. And just a follow-up on the publication segment. So historically, prior to COVID, 
we were operating at some 32%, 33% EBIT margins, and this was fairly consistent and in a tight 
range. Now post-COVID, we had this EdTech business where we were making losses, and this 
was merged into the publication segment last year. Now my understanding based on our previous 
interactions is that some of the EdTech expenses, the burn will go down and therefore the losses 
there will go down. But some of it could be structural in nature and you sort of need it in the 
business. So how do you see the steady-state margin for the publication business? Should it go 
back to 32%, 33%? Or should we expect a lower number here? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Amit, to our expectation, as I just mentioned in my speech earlier that recently we launched 
Navneet AI. Now everything does has a cost, and we do not see revenue coming in immediately. 
So it will take its own sweet time. But long-term basis, that is going to benefit the overall content 
business. So having said that, the margins that we would love to go back is between 30% to 
32%, but not the margins that we were showing 33% to 35% earlier because of the continuous 
investments.  
And also once the revenue growth as a percentage increases, margins automatically improves. 
Most of our expenses are fixed in nature, and therefore, margins will improve. It is unfortunate 
that the revenue growth has been minimal, and therefore, we have been continuously seeing 
decline in margin as well. So we are just waiting for the next year and thereafter, that revenue 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
percentage growth happens faster and margins will definitely show improvement. But as I said, 
30% to 32% will be the margin in content business. 
Amit Khetan: 
So this 27% to 28%, which is currently the number, that will go to 30%, 32%. That's the 
expectation with the revenue improvement. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand regarding the paper prices and where do we see them going? And 
can it have a further impact on our margins going forward? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Paper as a cost has stabilized from the month of December, and we do not see any downward 
now. There could be increment in paper prices going forward, at least up to April. That has been 
the estimation of the market. Now when paper prices went down, it definitely benefits the 
publication business because we do not reprice our products. It did happen in domestic stationery 
where we had to reprice our product considering the competition. So normally, stable prices like 
every industry, stable prices really helps companies. Downward helps publication business, but 
does not help the stationery business. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. And sir, I think in last quarter, you mentioned that in the CBSE school business, where I 
think most of the spending is happening by the affluent customers. Generally, schools don't take 
more than one publisher subject or something like that. So we do white labeling where we create 
multiple brands in Navneet’s name and then just sell it out to different schools because I think 
we have the school reach and the targets we have the manpower to sell. So any thoughts on that? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So Madhur, if same brand is presented by the same person, it does not have any impact. The 
same and increasing number of sales team for each of the brand is very, very costly affair in 
CBSE type of a business. Instead, what we have recently done and which a few of you might 
have gathered it that the recent launch of Navneet AI is so advanced tool for the schools to use 
in the classroom. Once they decide to use that tool in the classroom, compulsorly or I would say, 
majorly, they will have to buy Navneet content. So that way, adoption of more titles in the school 
can happen. So this is a recent development, which we will see, but we are very hopeful of 
increasing number of titles in the same school. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And sir, I just wanted to understand, sir, there's recently a publication of Chetana. Do we 
consider them as our competitor in the Maharashtra market? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes. They are our competitors from beginning. So their revenue in Maharashtra would be sub-
Rs.100 crores, and they have been our competitor for the last 30-odd years and great publishers. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, what would be the market share between the 2 of us? And is there any pricing difference in 
our product versus their product? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
I would say product categories are the same. We all differentiate based on just the content. So I 
would say even they are good. Their marketing is good. So overall, what new features that we 
add in our product will differentiate between us. So in short, what I'm trying to say, they are not 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
new publishers. They are also 30-, 40-year-old publisher and are in the market for that long. So 
it is a continuous competition between us that will continue to remain. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And sir, on the market share... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. May we please request you to…¦ 
Madhur Rathi: 
Just a follow-up question. Sir, on the market share? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Their market share would be around 15% of the total opportunity in Maharashtra. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And for us? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
For us, it is around 50% to 55%. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. And sir, on the pricing front? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
They may be more or less the same. Pricing-wise, we are not different. Depending on the cost 
we incur on a product, including the raw material usage, the price varies. But margin-wise, they 
would be the same. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Megh Shah from Prospero Tree Asset Management. 
Megh Shah: 
Sir, I had 2 questions only. One is related to the publishing business, other is the stationery 
business. Sir, in publishing business, we have acquired the Indiannica, if I'm not wrong, then 
Indiannica was acquired in 2016. And in most of the year, it made a loss. If Navneet is not the 
promoter of the Indiannica, would Indiannica survive today? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes. Good question and difficult question. Indiannica would not have survived without a strong 
promoter that you are very right. Now why did we continue making losses or we accepted the 
losses because we are seeing a very, very long-term benefit of the opportunity, which is CBSE, 
which in 2016-17, when we were saying people may not have accepted. But today, as we see 
post pandemic in particular, more and more students are shifting to CBSE.  
Therefore, it is a long-term benefit that we saw and have invested. But you're right, for others, it 
would not have -- but others would not have taken so much of risk in introducing new and newer 
products or expanding geography, they may not have done. But yes, Navneet has invested 
looking at the long-term benefit. 
Megh Shah: 
But sir, you just mentioned that by the year-end, Indiannica may report the Rs.65 crores to Rs.70 
crores of the revenue and Rs.2 crores to Rs.3 crores of the PAT. then what the IRR Navneet is 
generating on the investment in Indiannica? I think it is not meaningful IRR Navneet is 
generating from the Indiannica investment. That's our point, sir. 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes, but that was done in 2016-17. Now we can't go back to that year and undo our decision. 
Having said that, at Navneet, we see businesses from 2 angles. One is short-term angle and other 
is long-term angle. So IRR-wise, if we look at this year or next year, we may not see IRR being 
good or even mentionable. But long term, please be assured that we will be able to generate good 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
IRR on this investment as well. And it is not only the -- purely from a numbers point of view, it 
is very important, our presence in the market. And because of that presence, the other businesses 
that we are in also gets benefit of that. So it is an overall view that we have to take as a company. 
Megh Shah: 
So sir, are you sure about that from current year or from the next year, the Indiannica will not 
make any loss, at least it achieves a breakeven? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes, we are very sure about it. 
Megh Shah: 
Okay, Sir, this is my last question, sir. In the stationery segment, you suggested that this year, 
the company may report the 10% to 11% is the margin. I think you are referring to EBIT margin 
because in the segment report, even for the first 9 months, company has already reported the 
12.19% EBIT margin. So do you say that -- do you indicate that in the quarter 4, our EBIT 
margin will be less than the 10% from the stationery segment? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
No, no, no, no. So I'm sorry on that. What I meant was PBT margin. I did not meant EBIT 
margin. So that way -- it will remain the same. And the fourth quarter will be better for both 
exports and domestic. So that will definitely improve a bit further margin to PBT level. So PBT 
should be between 10% to 11%... 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Giriraj Daga from Visaria Capital Trust. 
Giriraj Daga: 
Yes. Just small questions on each of the segments. First, given the background, what is your best 
case estimate about the growth for stationery next year, given the background the curriculum 
change of Grade 1 and Grade 2. Second question on the stationery side of it. So if you talk about 
the quarter 4 is very high for us seasonally for the domestic segment, and you're talking about 
restocking as well.  
Do you think we'll be able to recover that Rs.30 crores of loss in the first 9 months what we had 
in the stationery domestic side? And second, when you mentioned 15% growth in the export 
stationery, just to achieve that this year, 15%, we'll have to do about 20%, 30% growth in the 
quarter 4 for export stationery. Are we on track on that? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
So on both front, we are on track for that. So domestic to start with, yes, we are very confident 
of achieving around. So on domestic, I should clarify that this will be volume growth, not the 
value growth that we are talking. So in domestic, value may be similar now to the last year 
because of reduction in our final product pricing. But volume will grow by around 15%.  
So in the quarter 4, we should do at least Rs.25 crores to Rs.30 crores additional business 
compared to the last corresponding quarter. And for exports, you are right. We are confident of 
growing to the percentage that you just mentioned. We have sufficient orders in hand. What was 
your question on publication? 
Giriraj Daga: 
FY '26 growth number estimate? 

 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
In publication business, we are very sure of at least growing by 12% year-on-year. And the effect 
of Grade 1 and 2 will not be that big as a percentage. But overall, 10% to 12%, we are very 
confident of. 
Giriraj Daga: 
Sorry, sir, grade impact is not big, how we are expecting that 12% growth like…? 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
No, no. It is just not because of the new curriculum products only we will have growth. It is the 
digital activity that we have done. Now we are seeing the results of that. So that will also help 
growth. The overall second-hand book market, at least 2x or 3x students have already used the 
books. They won't be able to use the book same way. So therefore, second-hand book market as 
a percentage now should for sure reduce, and that will all bring over this growth. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that would be the last question for today. And I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil Gala for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Gnanesh (Sunil) Gala: 
Yes. Thank you. So I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining the call. I hope I -- of 
course, I know that I could not answer everyone may be still in the queue, but I hope we have 
been able to address the queries raised to me.  
For any other information, kindly get in touch with our IR team, Strategic Growth Advisors, our 
Investor Relationship Advisors. So I request whatever questions that you all have, please have 
that clarified and we'll try to answer as soon as possible. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Navneet Education Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
