 
 
AC/2079 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
01.02.2025 
 
 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited,  
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
 
Stock Code: 513517  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Stock Symbol: STEELCAS 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: 
Transcript of the earnings conference call for the Q3FY25 ended on December 
31, 2024  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the Q3FY25 
ended on December 31, 2024 which was conducted on January 29, 2025 after the meeting of Board 
of Directors held on January 28, 2025. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of Company at the following link: 
 
 
Transcript_EY-SteelCast-Jan29-2025.pdf 
 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For STEELCAST LIMITED, 
 
 
 
 
 
(Umesh V Bhatt) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
L:\AC\2079\COMPLIANCES\SECRETARIAL\NSE and BSE Announcements\Earning Calls\2025.01.29\Intimation to SEs for 
Transcript.docx 
Umeshku
mar 
Vasantray 
Bhatt
Digitally signed 
by Umeshkumar 
Vasantray Bhatt 
Date: 2025.02.01 
12:56:29 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Steelcast Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHETAN TAMBOLI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – STEELCAST LIMITED 
 
MR. RUSHIL TAMBOLI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
STEELCAST LIMITED 
 
MR. SUBHASH SHARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – STEELCAST LIMITED 
 
MR. UMESH BHATT – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
STEELCAST LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KANAV KHANNA – ERNST & YOUNG 

      
 
Steelcast Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Steelcast Limited Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Ernst & Young. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing the star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kanav Khanna from Ernst & Young. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Kanav Khanna: 
Thank you, Steve. Good evening, everyone. We welcome you all to Steelcast Limited's 
earnings call to discuss the Q3 and 9 month FY '25 financial results. Today from the 
management side, we have with us Mr. Chetan Tamboli, Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. Rushil Tamboli, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Subhash Sharma, Executive Director and 
Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Umesh Bhatt, Company Secretary. 
 
Please note that a copy of the disclosures is available in the Investors section of the website as 
well as on the stock exchanges. Further, a detailed safe harbor statement is given on Page 
number 26 of the investor presentation of the company. Please note that anything said on this 
call, which reflects the outlook of the future or which could be construed as a forward-looking 
statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
 
Now that being said, I shall hand over the call to Mr. Chetan Tamboli for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Thank you, Kanav bhai. A very good evening to everyone on this call. We welcome you all to 
the earnings conference call of Steelcast to discuss the company's performance during the 
quarter and 9 months ended December 31, '24. We concluded our Board meeting yesterday 
and uploaded the financial results as well as the investor presentation on the stock exchanges. I 
believe you must have got a chance to go through the same. 
 
I want to start with an update about global economic scenario and then we'll discuss about our 
company's performance.  
According to the latest world economic outlook, it is anticipated that global economic growth 
will maintain a steady pace of 3.3% in '25 and '26, consistent with the predictions they made in 
their October '24 outlook. This stability is due to an increase in growth expectations for the 
United States, which compensates for reduced forecast in other regions. The global scenario 
seems a bit uncertain amid policy uncertainty and supply chain disruptions due to ongoing 
tensions between various nations. Amid all this, our domestic market is seeing good traction 
and our balanced mix of exports and domestic segment hedges our geoeconomic and 
geopolitical risks. 
 
Now let me highlight the financial performance for the current quarter vis-a-vis that of the 
preceding quarter Q2 FY '25.  

      
 
Steelcast Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
During Q3 FY '25, the revenue from operation was INR101.8 crores, a 34% growth from 
INR75.9 crores in Q2 '25. In volume terms, there was an increase of 32% vis-a-vis Q2 FY '25.  
EBITDA excluding other income during the quarter was at INR28.3 crores, a 45% growth 
from INR19.6 crores in Q2 FY '25. EBITDA margin was at 27.8%, an increase of 200 basis 
points from 25.8% in Q2 FY '25.  
PBT during the quarter was INR25.8 crores, a 44% growth from INR17.9 crores in Q2 FY '25, 
which translated to a PBT margin of 25.4%, an increase of 180 basis points vis-a-vis Q2 FY 
'25.  
PAT during the quarter was INR19.2 crores, a 45% growth from INR13.3 crores in Q2 FY '25. 
PAT margins remained at 18.9%, an increase of 140 basis points vis-a-vis Q2 FY '25. 
 
During Q3 FY '25, the revenue from operations was at INR101.8 crores, a 13% growth from 
INR90.3 crores in Q3 FY '24. In volume terms, there was an increase of 16% vis-a-vis Q3 FY 
'24. 
 
EBITDA, excluding other income during the quarter was at INR28.3 crores, a growth of 4% 
from INR27.3 crores in Q3 FY '24. EBITDA margin was at 27.8%, well above our usual 
guidance of 21%, 22%.  
PBT during the quarter was INR25.8 crores, a 10% growth of INR23.4 crores in Q3 FY '24. 
PBT margins stood at 25.4%.  
PAT during the quarter was INR19.2 crores, a 10% growth from INR17.4 crores in Q3 FY '24. 
PAT margin was 18.9%. 
 
At this juncture, let me share with you the CAGR snapshot of last 5 years.  
Revenue from operations have grown to 19.6%.  
EBITDA, excluding other income has grown to 33.1%.  
EBIT excluding other income has grown to 47%.  
PAT has grown by 75%.  
The domestic and export share of total sales is 55% and 45%, respectively, during Q3 FY '25 
and it is 51% and 49%, respectively, for 9 months FY '25.*  
 
As you all are aware, since our Q4 '24 con call, we anticipated subdued Q1 FY '25 and Q2 FY 
'25. We had also anticipated that we have an uptick in volumes from Q3 FY '25 onwards. Our 
above guidance proved factually correct as explained above. This has happened due to 
liquidation of inventory in North America, Europe and India reaching to saturation, and hence 
we're very much optimistic and anticipate further improvement in performance in Q4 FY '25 
and subsequent quarters. 
*The split between domestic and export figures was miscommunicated. Please note the correct breakdown: for Q3FY25, Domestic is 
43% and Export is 57%; and for 9MFY25, Domestic is 47% and Export is 53%. 

      
 
Steelcast Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
On the balance sheet side, we continue to be zero-debt company since past 3 years. Being debt 
free along with maintaining a good margin profile has been the two key reasons behind our 
high return ratios. Our annualized ROCE is recorded at 27% and ROE for the same period is 
20%. To meet the ongoing demand, our capacity utilization has increased to 50% in Q3 FY '25 
versus 40% in Q2 FY '25. Looking at our growth trajectory, we are on track to reach full 
capacity by FY '27, '28. From that point onwards, we will increase our capacity in a calibrated 
and phased manner. 
Talking a bit about the moats of our company at this juncture, we can confidently say that the     
combination of entry barriers such as high replacement cost of plant and machinery, strong 
R&D and technical capabilities, customer loyalty spanning over decades while maintaining 
high margins and our recent foray into green energy puts us in a sweet spot that newer 
companies may find it difficult to emulate. Also our plans to increase our footprint in 18-plus 
countries in the next few years will put us in an accelerated growth path. . 
Our team at Steelcast has worked tirelessly to achieve this level of success. And we as a team 
are proud of our accomplishments. I want to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt 
gratitude to our dedicated employees whose contributions have been the cornerstone of our 
success. Their commitment and perseverance have been instrumental in achieving the goals. 
 
Last but not the least, we are pleased to inform you that we are putting up two additional 
renewable power plants for our captive consumption, one being 1.15 MW solar power plant in 
capex mode and other being 2.1 megawatt in hybrid power plant in group captive mode. This 
is to cater to additional demand of power coming from increasing volumes from now on.  This 
will further reduce our carbon footprints and will lead us towards our commitment of being 
carbon-neutral company by 2030. It is needless to say that these two plants will be financed 
through our own internal accruals. Meanwhile, it is worth taking a note that our 2 existing 
renewable power plants are yielding in desired savings. 
 
With that being said, I would like to open the floor for questions. And I request the moderator 
to kindly do the needful. Thank you, all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Harshil Solanki from Equitree 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Harshil Solanki: 
I had a couple of questions. First is, sir, if you can update us on the railroad components, 
where we had some issues. And have we been able to solve those issues or we have located a 
problem if you can update us on this part? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Yes. Can you please ask -- just ask all the questions, then I'll respond one after the other. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Okay. So the second is the order book for the Q4 and anything on the next year also if you can 
share? Third question is, there is an other expense you have stated in the notes of INR2.31 
crores on -- regarding a case court which we lost. So can you highlight what was the case? And 

      
 
Steelcast Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
do we expect any more expense on account of the litigations. These are my 3 questions. If I 
have more, I'll get back in the queue. 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Yes. As regards to our product development for the railroad industry, we have developed a 
total of 7 parts. And out of 7, 1 part is giving us problem. We are not getting the desired life of 
what we should get. So the railroad industry, the supply, which was to start from Q3 onwards. 
I would say it was to accelerate from Q3 onwards, probably will be delayed by maybe 2 more 
quarters. So that's one point. 
 
The second point on the railroad industry, this market is very, very competitive. So we are now 
trying to focus on the other industry verticals. We have not decided 100% on what we should 
do, whether we should continue railroad or diversify into some other segments. We will take a 
call in the next few months' time. 
 
But the focus on railroad is there, but whether we should continue pursuing this line or change 
course, we'll decide then in the next 2 months. In case of order book for Q4, it's about INR144 
crores as of now. And as you know, in our type of business model, the firm orders are for 
about 90 to 100 days. And then each month, they are replenished by the following months. 
 
Your third question was about other expenses. So let me give you a background. There was 
one litigation going on. And the litigation is still going on. So we've been told by the court in 
U.S. to deposit an amount of INR2.31 crores. We have deposited the amount. 
 
The case is still going on. It has not gone against us, but as a measure of prudent financial 
norms, we made provisions in our profit and loss account, so that there's no liability on the 
company going forward. And if we win the case, which we are very hopeful, then at that point 
of time, this money will come as other income. 
 
And the liability is also crystallized. There is no other additional amount which needs to be 
paid even if we lose the case. But as I said, we are quite optimistic in winning the case and we 
thought it's good to provide this and forget this liability. Next question, please. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Sir, just clarifications on both parts. This INR144 crores is to be executed over 90 days safe to 
assume? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
See, these are orders on hand. Some orders out of this will be going into the next financial 
year. So these are orders on hand, I should say. Some part will go into the next financial year. 
Now I can't say because of the SEBI regulation as to what is the likely top line in Q4. But as I 
said earlier in my speech, that we will have improved performance in Q4 compared to Q3. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Okay. Got your point. Sir, on the railway part, you said the competition is high and we may 
reconsider. So what has changed because we thought this was a very large opportunity for us, 
and we had the approvals. So -- but now you're saying that we may have to reconsider. So can 
you elaborate more because this is a little bit confusing? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
No. In fact, there are plenty of opportunities also available in different industries. So as we 
keep moving forward, we keep exploring opportunities. Now there is another industry where 

      
 
Steelcast Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
the opportunities are much better and the pricing is much better and the parts we supply are 
better in terms of margins, we will do some course correction. 
 
And the course correction is in the interest of the company. So even if there are large volumes 
available, we may change course going forward. And if there are opportunities where the 
margins are better, one should reconsider the original strategy. I'm not saying this is what we're 
going to do, but we may consider this going forward. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Understand your point, sir. Can you, if possible, can you throw any highlights on which 
industries you're considering, just preliminary idea? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
I think we would be better placed to talk about the new industry, maybe in the next Q4 quarter 
call when things would be crystallized, and we also know what is the direction we are moving 
forward. So we'll talk then. I think it's too premature to really specify the industry where we're 
trying to focus. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chaitanya Sharma from TradeWalk Research LLP. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. My first question is -- how is the company 
planning to diversify clientele? Even in the previous quarter, you had mentioned that you're 
planning to cultivate new customers. Has there been any progress on this front? Or any 
breakthroughs, if you could shed some light on that? My second question is, where are you 
looking to close this year in terms of revenue and EBITDA? And what are your growth 
projections for next year? And if you could give a segment-wise revenue contribution? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
So in case of broadening customer base, we have made some inroads. I will share maybe in the 
next quarter's time. But due to confidentiality reasons, we don't give customer names on the 
investor calls as we don't know who are participating. So what I can tell you is that our 
customer base has been broadening as we keep moving forward. We have doubled our 
customers over the last 7 to 8-year period. 
 
And this will be an ongoing efforts. The number of customers from 20 which was seven- eight 
years back has gone to almost 45 plus. In terms of number of parts what we've been making 
before was about 142, which we now do on a monthly basis is about 250 different parts. 
Number of industries, what we used to do in the past with 5 to 6 end user industries, which we 
are doing about 9 now. So that's been our constant endeavor and to derisk ourselves as much as 
possible. 
 
Now your second question about revenue, EBITDA, I don't think the SEBI rules will permit us 
to give you absolute numbers. But as I said... 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
I'm not asking for absolute numbers. I'm just asking for figures -- the growth figures from last 
year to this year? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
So last financial year FY '24 to FY '25 because of the subdued -- the first 2 quarters, there will 
be degrowth in sales. There will be degrowth in profits also. And the reason for that is the 

      
 
Steelcast Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
subdued first 2 quarters of current financial year. But you see from now onwards, Q3 onwards, 
on an annualized basis, we'll do far better than what we will do in FY '24. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
My next question was, is the solar plant -- are you in any way planning to make the solar 
plants contribute to revenue in the future? Or is it just from a cost reduction point of view? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
It's absolutely from a cost reduction point of view. And as far as our ESG initiatives are 
concerned, we wanted to be carbon neutral by 2030. So this will be our constant endeavor that 
we keep on adding this and do cost savings. The cost savings between these two power plants 
of 1.15-megawatt and 2.1 megawatt, which together is about 3.25 megawatts. We would have 
cost savings of about INR4.5 crores. So this will add to the bottom line once these are 
commissioned. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
Right. My next question was -- can you shed some light on what kind of capex are you 
planning to do in FY '26? And the current utilizations are only at 50%. So at what point in time 
are you planning to do these capexes? And also if you could give some update on the -- your 
tank track orders as you highlighted some issues in the previous quarter. 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Can you complete your balance questions, please? 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
Yes, that's it. That's it. 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Mr. Sharma, what is our capex number for FY '26? 
Subhash Sharma: 
INR27 crores. 
Chetan Tamboli: 
So we will invest INR27 crores. This will be, again, mainly for debottlenecking and some 
purchase of land for our future investments in the company. So that put together is about 
INR27 crores. And the other question about this -- the tracks for defense, we are waiting for 
government to float out new tenders. So once they come, we will take this forward. 
Chaitanya Sharma: 
Sir, my other question is related to the capex question was because you are at 50% capacity 
utilization, now at what point in time are you planning to invest more in your capex? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
What we have planned is our next year utilization is around between 60% to 65%. Maybe in 
the middle of FY '27, we will take a call and trigger new capex as the visibility becomes more 
clearer, we will then trigger this, and therefore, we'll do it in a phased manner. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rushabh from RBSA Investment Manager. 
Rushabh: 
Sir, in the previous calls, we have been targeting a revenue of INR1,000 to INR1,200 crores by 
FY '29 and '30. So are you confident that we will achieve that sir. Is that on track, sir, as on 
date the visibility that you have? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Okay. You have any more questions or this is the only one? 
Rushabh: 
I'll just complete the questions. The second question was that strategy wise, what additional 
capabilities or senior leadership team you would like to -- have to build to achieve these 

      
 
Steelcast Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
revenues if you're targeting the same? And the third question was the new capex that you're 
planning in FY '26 or '27. So, are these more value-added products than the current basket? Or 
is it similar to one that you're currently doing in terms of realization per kilo? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Okay. Can you repeat your second question? You said something about strategy. 
Rushabh: 
The second question was if you're just planning to achieve INR1,000 crores or INR1,200 
crores, that's a significant scale from what we are doing currently. So have we -- do we have to 
invest in some additional capabilities or senior leadership team to achieve that revenue? Just a 
strategic level question, the second one. 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Yes. So at full capacity at the current input prices and sales prices, at full capacity, we will be 
reaching INR800 crores and INR850 crores. On the strategy, for -- to reach this target -- 
targeted sale at full capacity, we don't need anything. We have an excellent top management 
team at Steelcast. Leadership qualities across the company have been excellent. And in terms 
of technology, R&D, application engineering, we have all the available tools required, so we 
don't need anything else. Now regarding the new capex, we've been working on various 
options. So one option is to do the same thing and just increase capacities, keeping in mind the 
China Plus One strategy and opportunities we as a country and as a company we have. So one 
is that. 
 
And the second is to explore doing higher piece weights. What we can do is up to 2.5 tons, but 
we are exploring to do something between 2.5 to 6 tons piece weight. So we are working on 
these areas. So as we move maybe in the next 3, 4 quarters, we might have some good 
visibility on one of these two options. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Congratulations for the good results and also for delivering on your guidance of the recovery 
in the margin. I have three set of questions. First is, sir, in your kind of setup, what is the 
optimum utilization possible in your facility? Just wanted a number, is it 75%, 80%, 85%, 
90%? That is the first question. Second, if you can give me the sales volume and tonnage for 
this quarter? And third would be what is the market size for the components that we make in 
both the domestic and export market. 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Repeat your third question, please? 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
I would like to understand the market size of the components that we make both for the 
domestic and export market. 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Any more questions? 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
No, that's all sir. 
Chetan Tamboli: 
So in our kind of line, one can expect to reach anywhere between 90% to 95% capacity 
utilization. As we go towards 95%, it will be difficult to set this across the entire revenue 

      
 
Steelcast Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
stream of the company. So one should keep in mind that to go anything beyond between 90%, 
95% will be very difficult.  Anything between 90% to 95% is achievable.  
Sales volume, in the current quarter is the 3,350 tons. Now when you say market size of our 
components. Now we do 250 different parts for about 9 end-user industries, about 46 different 
customers and that too in export and domestic market. It will be extremely, extremely difficult 
to gauge this. But the product mix we are doing in India, the market size will be about, I would 
say, 40,000, 45,000 tons. And abroad, for our kind of product mix, it will be about, I think, 
anywhere from 250,000 to 300,000 tons worldwide, other than India. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshil Solanki from Equitree Capital. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Sir, with regards to the ARR, we have the approval, and we have the products also barring one 
product. So are we trying to showcase our offerings to other railroads in other geographies, say 
Europe. And we can increase our revenues by doing so. Are we exploring such opportunities?  
 
And just the second question is, how is the domestic demand, if you can elaborate more on 
that. And I wanted to understand just a basic question that when we say domestic is roughly 
50%, is it -- the end vehicle is also sold in India or the OEMs export that product abroad, and 
we consider it as a domestic? If you can highlight it? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Yes. Now as you know, we are approved by American Association of Railroads. So what we 
plan to do is once we stabilize what we are doing, we will first approach other railroad 
customers in the U.S. So that's the first step. Once we do that, then comes opportunities in 
other parts of the world. But North America itself has got large opportunities. So if at all, we 
continue pursuing the railroad line, it will be in North America only for some more years. 
 
Your second question was about domestic demand. Now domestic demand have improved 
from October onwards. And I think we will have a good sustained positive scenario in terms of 
domestic demand going forward. The third question was -- now wherever we supply in India, 
they do export from their end, mainly I believe in Southeast Asia. But as far as we are 
concerned, these are domestic sales. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Okay. But do you have any rough idea if a large proportion of that is exported or it would be 
difficult? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
I think it'd be very difficult for us to really know that what part of sales of our customers are 
exports and what are domestic, we don't know. But I can surely say that some part of our sales, 
which we do to domestic customers, they are exported and mainly in Southeast Asia. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Goyal from Thinqwise Wealth Managers. 
Manish Goyal: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. First on -- continuing on the domestic demand, would it be 
possible to give us perspective which segments are driving growth? And how do you see going 
forward like in terms of basic mining, earth moving, like construction, which segment is 
driving growth? And how is the outlook from this? 

      
 
Steelcast Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
 
Second is, like you gave the total volumes of 3,360 tons. So what is the comparable number 
for quarter 3? And what is the volume breakup between domestic and exports if you can give 
for quarter 3 and 9 months as well with comparable numbers, that should be very helpful. And 
also, the INR144 crores order book, if you can just split it between how much is domestic and 
how much is exports? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
Mainly in the domestic market, the uptick in demand is from mining industry, earth moving 
industry and construction industry. So these are all OEMs in this end user segment. Now our 
Q3 volumes are, as I said, 3,350 tons and roughly the split. 
Umesh Bhatt: 
For Q3, it is 55:45, 55% domestic?* 
Chetan Tamboli: 
55% domestic and 45% is exports*. 
Manish Goyal: 
And around what it is for 9 months, sir -- 9 months, what is the volume we have achieved and 
comparable number and split between domestic and exports? 
Umesh Bhatt: 
9 months, the total volume is 8,510 tons. 
Manish Goyal: 
Okay, versus how much is volume sir? 
Umesh Bhatt: 
Domestic is 51% and export is 49%*. 
Manish Goyal: 
And what was the previous 9 months number volume, sir? 
Umesh Bhatt: 
It was 9,077 tons. 
Manish Goyal: 
Sorry. 
Umesh Bhatt: 
9,077 tons last year. 
Manish Goyal: 
Okay, okay. And sir, if you can reply to my third question on order book breakup INR144 
crores? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
No. Roughly, we don't have these numbers on hand, as of now, the breakup of INR144 crores 
or you can safely assume on a 50-50 basis. 
Manish Goyal: 
Okay. So what it implies is that domestic -- sorry, exports revenue uptick is likely to probably 
see in quarter 4 because for last 3, 4 quarters, it has been declining. So can we expect now 
exports to pick up going forward? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
If you see historically, over the last several years, our split between domestic export swings 
between 60-40 or 40-60. That's the range. And we want to aim at it is on a 50-50 basis, but 
there will be swings of 10%, 15% on either side between domestic and exports. But we want to  
 
*The split between domestic and export figures was miscommunicated. Please note the correct breakdown: for Q3FY25, Domestic is 43% and Export is 57%; 
and for 9MFY25, Domestic is 47% and Export is 53%. 
 

      
 
Steelcast Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
 
do 50% domestic, 50% exports just to derisk and hedge ourselves. If you can send us an e-mail 
on the split between INR144 crores of exports between -- and domestic, we'll respond to you, 
please. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from Buglerock PMS. 
Rushabh Shah: 
I have just one question. I wanted your view on the demand side on the construction 
equipment, Europe and the U.S.... 
Umesh Bhatt: 
Sir, you are not audible clearly. 
Rushabh Shah: 
I wanted your view on the demand side on the construction equipment segment. How has the 
demand seen in the U.S. and the Europe business? And how do you see it going ahead in the 
next 3 to 4 years? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
In terms of domestic market, India, we see a continuous growth in the construction equipment 
industry with large infrastructure projects announced by state and central government. This 
sector will definitely do well. And even from their industry perspective, they are projecting 
growth of 10% to 15% every year over the next 3 years' time. Now in case of the demand for 
exports, we are not very sure, but with the reconstruction happening in Palestine and Ukraine, 
the construction equipment exports will also do well, is my prediction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashok Shah from Eklavya Capital. 
Ashok Shah: 
Sir, we are planning to diversify in a replacement market. So, what's the reason that we are 
diversifying? or it's to reduce the risk? And which industry or which area we are going to enter 
in a replacement market? And second question is regarding margins. So do we expect a higher 
margin? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
The reason for diversifying into replacement market is the -- replacement market is reasonably 
less volatile compared to the OEM market. And -- so this is probably to -- as part of our 
derisking process. And the margins in the replacement market are relatively lower than the 
OEM business. But in spite of lower margins, we still want to pursue this to broad base our 
end user industries and also to derisk ourselves. 
Ashok Shah: 
So it will be in export also or local only? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
We are focusing on exports only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Atharva Shiledar, an Individual Investor. 
Atharva Shiledar: 
So first one is I just want to understand the size of opportunity for the -- all the segments 
you're working in earthmoving industry, mining and cement and steel plants? And second is 
your capacity utilization is 50%. So when it will go above 90%? Third is related to your 
guidance of INR1,200 crores by FY '29 and '30. So is it possible, sir? And last one is your 
growth guidance for the next year? 

      
 
Steelcast Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Chetan Tamboli: 
See, I think this question was asked by somebody and I said the size of opportunity in our kind 
of product mix is about 250,000, 300,000 tons worldwide. In India is about 50,000 to 60,000 
tons, our kind of product mix. I also said that at full capacity, the current capacity, we can do 
probably top line of INR800 crores, INR850 crores, right? And we are aiming to reach will be 
around '27, '28. And -- what was your third question, I'm forgetting? 
Atharva Shiledar: 
The guidance that you gave, INR1,200 crores top line by FY '29, or '30 something? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
So that number is not INR1,200 crores. It is about at full capacity, our top line will be about 
INR800 crores, INR850 crores. And the guidance for the next financial year, I think I've 
already said that the current quarter performance, I am saying that we'll have an improved 
performance in Q4 and much improved performance in the entire FY '26, much better than 
what we would end up doing in FY '25. 
Atharva Shiledar: 
Okay. So roughly, we may say 15% to 20%. Am I right, sir? 
Chetan Tamboli: 
I think the present laws don't permit us to give those kinds of absolute numbers. But it will be 
healthy growth, and I think investors might be happy what we may perform. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Chetan Tamboli: 
So I want to thank each and everyone on this call for being part of our earnings call and for the 
participation in this call. We appreciate your support and trust in us. We hope we've been able 
to address most of your queries. In case of further queries, please do not hesitate to reach out to 
our Investor Relation advisor, Ernst & Young, and they will connect you with us offline. I 
want to again thank to Ernst & Young for organizing this investor call. And hope we'll speak 
to you soon. Thank you. 
Umesh Bhatt: 
Thank you all, thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Ernst & Young, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
