 
January 23, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department  
Exchange Plaza 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers, 
 
 
Bandra (E) 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
                          Mumbai 400 051 
Mumbai – 400 001.   
 
 
             Scrip Code: INDHOTEL 
Scrip Code: 500850 
 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the IHCL Earnings Call for the quarter / nine months ended December 31, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the IHCL Earnings Call for the quarter / 
nine months ended December 31, 2024 held on January 17, 2025. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at: 
 
https://investor.ihcltata.com/files/IHCL_Analyst_Earnings_Call_Transcript-Q3_FY_2024-25.pdf  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
   
 
  Yours sincerely, 
 
 
 
 
BEEJAL DESAI (F3320)  
Executive Vice President 
Corporate Affairs & Company Secretary (Group) 
 
BEEJAL 
AKSHAYKU
MAR DESAI
Digitally signed 
by BEEJAL 
AKSHAYKUMAR 
DESAI 
Date: 2025.01.23 
11:34:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
Quarter ended 31st December 2024 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PUNEET CHHATWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – THE INDIAN HOTELS 
COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR DALWANI – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – THE INDIAN 
HOTELS COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to The Indian Hotels Company Limited Earnings 
Conference Call for the quarter ended 31st December 2024. On call with us we have Mr. Puneet 
Chhatwal, Managing Director and CEO, IHCL; Mr. Ankur Dalwani, EVP and CFO, IHCL. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Puneet Chhatwal. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Chhatwal. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining our global conference call for Q3 '24-'25. 
We are pleased to inform you that we have continued our record performance for the 11th 
consecutive quarter on the back of continued growth momentum and key strategic initiatives. 
I'll now outline like in the last few quarters, the 10 key highlights for this quarter. Beginning 
with number one, strong financial performance. For the very first time in history, the quarterly 
EBITDA of IHCL crossed INR 1,000 crores. On a consolidated basis, IHCL delivered record 
performance in Q3 with 29% revenue growth and 80 basis points margin expansion over the 
same period last year. This is despite consolidating TajSATS as a subsidiary, which has lower 
margins than the hotel segment. 
 
Our consolidated revenue stood at INR2,592 crores and our EBITDA margin expanded to 39.4% 
in Q3. Our reported profit after tax stood at INR582 crores, highest ever quarterly PAT in IHCL's 
history. IHCL's hotel segment showcased 16% revenue growth and EBITDA margin expansion 
of 230 basis points to 40.9% in Q3. Our stand-alone performance in Q3 was also the best ever 
with 15% growth in revenue to INR1,517 crores and EBITDA margin expansion by 240 basis 
points to 47.8%. Stand-alone PAT grew 23% to INR469 crores, taking PAT margin to 30.9%. 
 
Number two, double-digit RevPAR growth. IHCL delivered 13% consolidated RevPAR growth 
on a domestic like-for-like basis on the back of demand continuing to outpace supply and our 
asset management initiatives. We have always guided and given details on all our assets that we 
are either reimagining or renovating or how we have been using capex to drive operating 
leverage in the owned and stand-alone portfolio. 
 
This strong performance at IHCL command a RevPAR premium of 78% over the industry in the 
Indian market, thus maintaining the premium positioning in each of the segments we operate in. 
Our international consolidated portfolio reported a double-digit revenue growth driven by strong 
performance at the Pierre in New York. 
 
Number three is about our expansion momentum and our growth. In Q3, we signed 20 hotels 
and opened 8 new hotels. In the current financial year for the period April to December, we have 
signed 55 new hotels and opened 20 hotels. We have set a new growth benchmark with 85 
signings and 40 openings in the calendar year 2024, taking our portfolio to 360 hotels with an 
industry-leading pipeline of 123 hotels as on 31st December 2024. 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Fourth is our combination of capital-light growth with capital heavy, but capital-light growth 
being a key margin driver. On the back of our capital-light growth strategy, our management 
fees in Q3 was INR177 crores, an increase of 32% over the same period last year. This was 
driven by 13% net unit growth in hotel rooms, increase in total revenue per available room, 
technical fees and new fee income streams such as brand fee. 
 
Number five, new businesses continue to grow, and the growth in Q3 was 40% on the top line. 
Our new businesses vertical comprising Reimagined Ginger, Qmin and amã Stays & Trails 
delivered a 40% growth in Q3 consolidated revenue. As of this month, we have also completed 
the acquisition of Tree of Life, which will get added to the new businesses portfolio. 
 
Ginger's consolidated revenue grew 43% year-on-year to INR157 crores, while expanding 
EBITDA margin by 200 basis points to 45%. We have guided previously that we expect Lean 
Luxe and New Ginger's to keep performing at north of 50%. And this 45% is a good proof of 
the formula that we have guided upon when it comes to this brand. 
 
Qmin has expanded to 60-plus outlets, and in addition to serving as the F&B brand for Ginger 
Hotels, which we also call the Qminization of Ginger has also established presence in the interim 
in Q3 in 2 Westside stores through a shop-in-shop format. And further, Qmin has launched 
operations at Chennai and Kolkata Airports in partner with TFS. Going on, amã Stays & Trails 
reached a milestone of 250 bungalows in portfolio with 119 in operations. 
 
Number six, is the company's focus on cost and digital. Driven by our continued focus on cost 
optimization and initiatives to enhance operating leverage, the hotel segment delivered a notable 
improvement in operating EBITDA margins. For Q3, the operating EBITDA margin expanded 
by 210 basis points to 39.4%, while the 9-month period, it grew by 220 basis points to 33%. 
These gains reflect the success of ongoing efforts to streamline operations, boost productivity 
and deliver sustainable growth. 
 
We remain committed to our digital transformation journey. Following the successful launch of 
our new website for Taj Hotels in Q1, we recently unveiled the redesigned website for amã Stays 
& Trails. Progress is well underway on new websites for Ginger and Vivanta, which will go live 
in H1 '25 - '26. And additionally, significant progress is being made in upgrading our core 
systems including the migration to SAP for finance and HR functions and industry-leading 
OPERA on cloud PMS. 
 
Number seven, on Tata Neu, our collaboration with Tata Neu, loyalty platform has now 8 million 
members with loyalty-led contribution in revenue rising to 40% of our enterprise level revenue. 
The unwavering loyalty of our customers is visible in our increasing enterprise NPS scores, 
which stood at 74 for year-to-date, '24 - '25, up from 72 in the corresponding period last year. 
 
On number nine, on talent. We remain committed to investing in our talent and capabilities of 
the future with our industry-leading cadre building and training programs. We have also 
launched multiple scholarships in association with global universities to help nurture Qmin 
capital for us and the sector. 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Several of our middle management colleagues have completed their executive MBA recently 
from renowned universities in Europe our ongoing scholarship program of sending 2 executives 
to Business School in France continues now in its fourth year with partnership in place for the 
four following years as well as sending our senior executives to IV schools for advance 
management programs or other alternative programs, which are relevant for their jobs and for 
the organization are all in place. 
 
And not only this, we have launched a series of programs which are related to hotel development, 
flight from the hotel school, which we call HTP, also hotel operational training, apprenticeship 
programs, and they are continuous -- they are witnessing a continuous investment so that we are 
future ready when it comes to our talent and growth of our people from within the organization. 
 
Number nine, Paathya. We continue to stay focused on achieving our stated goals under Paathya. 
IHCL now uses 37% energy from renewable sources and recycles 48% of water. We have given 
the guidance of 50% as a source for renewable energy by 2030, and we are already at 37% and 
100% use of recycled water by then by 2030. So all these goals that we have guided on are till 
2030. 
 
IHCL also partners and operates 46 skill centers today across 20 states in India. That gets me to 
the final point, which is point number 10 in terms of the outlook for Q4 and beyond. We are 
happy to say that we find that the Q4 is also expected to be in similar line as Q3, whether it 
comes on a top line growth or other metrics. And we are confident of definitely delivering on 
the double-digit growth that we have promised and guided the market on from the previous year. 
 
And a lot of us would recall that in Q1, which was a little bit impacted by excessive heat and 
elections, there were doubts on this, but now we've had two more quarters, which have taken us 
far beyond that number. With large-scale events like Mahakumbh, concerts like Cold Play and 
the extended wedding season in Q4, we remain confident of delivering all the metrics and the 
guidance that we have guided the market upon whether during our Capital Market Day or during 
our investor calls. 
 
In conclusion, we expect to deliver strong growth with sustained margins, continuous portfolio 
growth, continuous talent growth, continuous optimization on the cost per room basis. And with 
20 hotel openings so far, we are well on track to achieve our committed target of opening 25 
hotels in the current financial year, which we have also guided would go up to 30 hotels as of 
the following financial year. Our focus also remains on scaling our new businesses. We are 
spending a lot of money, as you heard on the new website of amã on the Neu initiatives that we 
are building with all these new businesses. 
 
And for several quarters in the past, we've been putting more marketing monies to grow and 
scale up these businesses so that they become stronger contributors to our better hedging of 
revenues, better hedging of profits and optimizing of our margins. They also help to evolve our 
brandscape, strengthen our competitive advantage with prudent capital allocation in all these 
strategic initiatives. 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Thank you so much for your attention, and we now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question from the line of 
Meet Jain: from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Meet Jain: 
So my first question is regarding the occupancy in the stand-alone business. In 2Q versus 3Q, 
we have seen a flat occupancy, while our ARR has grown by almost 13% Y-o-Y and 
significantly on a Q-on-Q basis. So just want to understand in terms of occupancy, when we see 
our historical trends, we see a strong occupancy increase in 3Q versus 2Q. So can you throw 
some light on the flattish occupancy this quarter? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
I'm sorry that I wanted Mr. Dalwani to answer, but I will answer. 78% occupancy is very high. 
It is good that it has not gone down. If it's -- if we operate at 78 to 79 or 80, the only thing that 
happens is the rates will keep going up. If we go back 3 quarters or 4 quarters, the question was, 
this year, we have G20, we have World Cup, what will happen next year. And you'll see that 
there is no change in occupancy and the rates have gone up. 
 
And we don't expect anything to change as there are more and more business delegations coming 
into India. So the demand on both business and leisure remains quite robust, which will help the 
standalone occupancy. And that is what is creating the higher rate, which in turn is creating 
higher flow-through, which is helping us get to that 47%, 48% EBITDA margin on stand-alone. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Yes. I think we should -- I'll encourage you to look at RevPAR rather than looking at occupancy 
because this is a lot of time with a strategic goal to grow via ARR rather than occupancy. And 
like Mr. Chhatwal said, only at levels of 80% plus for most of the hotels, it's probably prudent 
to drive revenue growth through RevPAR through ARR increase, and that also increases the 
margin profile of the -- for the hotel. So I think this is how we look at the business and you look 
at it hotel by hotel. 
Meet Jain: 
The other question is on citywide trends like in Goa. We have seen certain things that Goa when 
we look at it in terms of travel for the December month. So how was it for our hotel properties? 
Have you seen such kind of impact on that or because we are seeing a 2% kind of growth in 
citywide? . 
Ankur Dalwani: 
So if you look at the enterprise growth, which we put out about 5% for Goa as well, I think the 
good thing is the growth is actually pretty spread out. It's not consolidated on one particular 
market. I think those markets have done reasonably well. And Goa is already operating at a 
reasonably high base. So we are okay quite happy with what's happened at the performance of 
the Goa hotels. There were some renovations which also got completed this quarter. So there 
was an impact on that, which is reflected as a consol numbers. But I think overall, if you look at 
various markets, they have done quite well, whether it's Rajasthan, whether it's the core markets 
of Delhi, Bombay, they have all done well. 
Meet Jain: 
And are you seeing a recovery in the Bangalore market? 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Bangalore last year, we had high base, but this is -- this quarter, if you see, it's been a 13% 
growth on consol and 12% on enterprise. So it's actually done quite well. . 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Congrats for the great results. My first question is on, I mean, outlook. You have suggested in 
Q4 being strong, I'm sure you will start having questions now for FY '26. And you have given 
like a 2030 outlook, which is very affirming your double-digit trend. But any early signs you 
can sort of indicate for FY '26, what you're looking at based on bookings? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
So I think we'll come back to you after Q4 results for FY '26. But I think broadly, if you think 
about it, Q1 has got a good wedding season this year, which wasn't the case last year. So we will 
see how that plays out. Let's see all the heatwave -- there's a heatwave or not because that was 
also a factor last time. And so in general, with the continued business demand, which is there in 
the city hotels, and leisure destinations. I think the momentum continues to be strong. And there 
are several events which are lined up for Q4, we have listed a few of them. But I think Q1 is also 
looking good. You want to add anything? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Yes, Prateek, the supply is not going to catch up that first with the demand. So even if demand 
softens a bit, still, it will continue to outpace supply. That's one. Second is whether the growth 
is 6% in GDP, 6.5% or 5-plus, still pretty healthy growth. And if India keeps moving in that 
direction that it is moving, the hospitality sector is only beginning to write the new narrative for 
India at 2047. So of course, till '47, there will be some headwinds just beyond the next year and 
the year after that and the year after that. But in principle, the fundamentals have never been as 
strong as they are now. 
 
And that is a second factor that is not going to change. But for our portfolio, very importantly, 
if you look at it, more than 50% of our portfolio is actually in the pipeline. In other words, the 
pipeline represents more than 50% of the hotel and operations. And with this kind of not like-
for-like growth, that to almost 80% on a capital-light model, we do expect to mitigate should 
there ever be any softness that comes in. And also our continuous efforts on asset management 
of the previous question was related to Goa also. The Goa in this quarter may not show that kind 
of huge massive growth than Mumbai or Delhi might show. 
 
But Delhi has had the renovation of Taj Mansingh behind. Whereas Goa, we are continuously 
investing money in Holiday Village. One third of Holiday Village is left and almost the main 
block of Fort Aguada So there is some displacement out there and still, we are doing so well. By 
doing so, we are building a competitive advantage for the future, and we are repositioning this 
hotel, which is which celebrated 50 years. So a hotel, which is 50 years in the market, the first 
luxury hotel of Goa is getting a security on its future for the next few decades to come. 
 
I think that's how we are looking at it. We are not taking just a view on a quarter or a half year 
or a year, rather the long-term competitive advantage. And because we have been doing it for 
several years now, we think that we are very well positioned. And going forward, these are the 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
initiatives which will help us to keep having the right mix of operating leverage with margin 
expansion through a capital-light business. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Right, sir. And just for some clarification, Q4 and Q1, particularly they have like soft base, right? 
So we may have like an accelerated growth in the next 6 months and maybe the normalization 
in the later period. Is that the right understanding? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
No normalization. We should -- if everything stays same today, we have one more additional 
source, which has not kicked in the way it should have kicked in, and that is our foreign tourist 
arrivals. We are still at a lower end on the pre-COVID. Normally, it should in at least 120% of 
the pre-COVID level by now because -- we are talking about 2019, 2020 figures. And we're in 
2024' - '25. So it should -- it's out of minus 10%, minus 15%, which is also very difficult statistics 
as Indian diaspora has grown very strong outside of India, which may have an OCI or a PIO 
card. 
 
So a lot of those arrivals are considered foreign tourist arrival, but they're not the real foreign 
tourists. So I think at some point, post-COVID, in certain markets, you're beginning to see the 
foreign tourists are beginning to travel. And at some point, those tourism-driven activities will 
also come to a normalization plus 10% or 15% or 20%, and that would certainly help the luxury 
side of the portfolio. And for us, our palaces and our presence in key gateway destinations in 
India. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very strong set of numbers. A couple of questions. First of all, very quickly 
on the Q4, while you guide on the revenue side, any color on how do we see the RevPAR growth 
and occupancy levels year-on-year? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
I think the same trend which we saw in Q3 in terms of high single-digit to low double-digit kind 
of growth on RevPAR, which is what we did in Q3. That trend on the domestic market should 
hold up. There are -- like I said, there are no -- I think on our horizon, which makes us feel that 
there is a dip in the RevPAR expected in this quarter. So we remain confident on that front. And 
-- so I think from a trend perspective, that should hold up. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right, right. Perfect. Otherwise -- I mean, of course, we've been talking about the tight capacity 
and that is driving the RevPAR growth. So -- I mean, if you look at, of course, we all have started 
economics, there is a term called price sensitivity or demand elasticity. Now of course, -- how 
do you see the pricing today? I mean the pricing are already very high. Do you still share the 
same thoughts? Or do you think the price -- there is still a scope for the prices to go up despite 
the fact that the capacity is very tight, how do -- do you think the price will continue to go up? 
Or do you think we have very close to the peak in terms of pricing now, of course, the scope to 
play with occupancy levels? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
So I think we talked about long-term factors in our Capital Market Day where we said the pricing 
today is actually not sufficient to attract greenfield sort of capacity land acquisition, which is 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
basically the case which continues even today. And this I'm talking about in general because 
obviously with some markets where we feel good, but in general, this is not resulting in a gold 
sort of rush in terms of supply coming up from people buying land and then putting on new 
assets. So I think that's point number one. 
 
I think the point number two is that even if you look at on a dollar per room night basis, we 
continue to be lower than even what we were 15 years back or 16 years back. I think that's a 
very important factor as you think about the economics of this sector. And I think thirdly, if you 
look at the currency tailwinds, actually, in a way, favorable from our perspective because it 
makes it cheaper for people to come in and it also makes it difficult for people to go out. So I 
think that's another factor place to our advantage. 
 
And at the end of the day, if people have to travel for business or for -- come to meetings in 
Bombay, Delhi, Bangalore, or any of the big cities. It is not an event which can be postponed 
forever. They may defer it, but that's really not a discretionary sort of item and that has always 
been the case. 
 
In our case, as you know, actually, a large portion of our portfolio drives revenue from city 
hotels, which makes us much more resilient and then makes us sort of play into the tailwinds for 
the sector. On the leisure side, I think with the factors which Mr. also referred to arrivals and the 
fact that the fact that we are having the currency tailwinds now in our favor, that should also 
help going forward. 
Achal Kumar: 
Actually, actually, that was my question also. I mean, I wanted to ask because I think if you look 
at Delta recently reported its results, they said they talked about the currency -- favorable 
currencies since U.S. dollar appreciated. Have you really noticed that in terms of increasing 
inbound international tourism, or is that or is that just a bit of a theoretical thing as of now, and 
we have not seen in the numbers? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Yes, it's too early because this is -- the rupee movement has happened very recently. But it's only 
also one of the factors. It's not the only factor, as you know, for a foreign tourists to make a 
decision. But I think from a competitiveness of the sector, it only helps. I think that's the point 
I'm trying to make, and it will eventually also -- I mean, there are many factors which think 
about. This is one of the reasons -- one of the factors, which will probably help us. And it's also 
effectively also makes Indian domestic tourists more inclined to travel in India than going 
aboard. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Abhay Khaitan with Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhay Khaitan: 
Firstly, I would like to congratulate you again for another strong quarter. So my question is on 
RevPAR growth. So I can see the quarters saw 13% growth Y-o-Y. But is it possible to see the 
sequential momentum of growth at RevPAR as in what was the growth in October, November 
and December separately because overall economic indicators have seen some weakness in the 
last quarter. So I just want to correlate if you see a similar trend for hotels as well? 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
No, the growth in -- see, the growth base December is the highest. So the growth in October and 
November was stronger in percentage terms than in December. If I remember correctly, as the 
team looks for the exact numbers, I think it was like 16%, 15% and 13%. 
 
But I would also encourage you to note that when you are especially looking at India business, 
rooms revenue is just half of the total revenue. The other half, which has a very serious impact 
is especially the food and beverage. We still have a lot of strong F&B business in hotels, 
conference business in hotels, but also we have the weddings. And especially going forward, 
next year will be one of those first years after 3, 4 years, with the number of wedding dates 
actually increased by 5 or 6 more days in the next financial year. So I think the -- also going 
forward, if we look at next year to do such high revenue with like the base that we have done 
this year in December, in the percentage terms will be possibly lower than in October or 
November. Because it is technically always as long as I can remember, being the best month in 
several, several, several years. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Broadly, October was a lower month among the 3 months in terms of RevPAR. I think December 
was second and November was the best. It's also play off when Diwali is and Dashehra is also a 
function of all of that. And therefore, it's -- we don't really get into monthly statistics because 
that's -- it's become comparisons become difficult. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
I think his question was more if there was some witnessing of slowdown. We have not witnessed 
any kind of slow down in December. Having said that, I found one new development. This, I 
would like to share with the -- all the people attending this call. I happen to be in Goa for the 
new year. And usually, Goa starts getting empty because everybody is asking about on the 2nd 
of Jan. 
 
And we saw a lot of arrivals and Goa was sold out till 6th of Jan. Instead of 2nd or 3rd that it 
starts getting people start going back. There were a lot more check-ins happening on 1st or 2nd 
of Jan, maybe where people celebrated New Year at home and decided to come on 1st or 2nd, 
which was good for our business, because we were not empty on New Year's Eve, but we got 3, 
4 days of extra business in Jan. So that is something new that we have not seen definitely in the 
previous 5, 6 years. 
Abhay Khaitan: 
My second question is on Ginger. So we see around 29% growth in Roots revenue, but how 
much of it will be driven by addition of new hotels? And what -- how is the ARR and occupancy 
growth trending there? . 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
See, Ginger is all of the nice turnaround stories from where it was for so many years and from 
where it came to because we reimagined it and we opened the first reimagined Ginger, and 8, 9 
months later, it was COVID times. So Ginger has really -- the reimagine, Ginger has had only 
2, 3 years run and properties are in different phases of renovation and refurbishment to be 
upgraded to the new avatar as we call it, the reimagination. 
 
And we expect Ginger to keep doing well, but that is true for not just Ginger, for the entire 
portfolio. I outlined in my opening remarks that our growth, especially not like-for-like growth, 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
with the hybrid of capital-light and capital-heavy model and capital-light and heavy both 
influencing the Ginger brand is going to help us drive growth in all our brands, but definitely 
after Taj, our second most important brand in the next few years to watch. As I've said in many 
previous conference calls, will be the Ginger brand. 
 
And with the Qmininization of Ginger, that means adding an all-day dining in all Ginger 
properties, it has given an image uplift and also an offering which is creating a very good price 
value relationship, especially in all new Ginger hotels that are opening. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Yes. And just to add, I mean, a significant growth in RCL is also the Qminization point. This is 
what Chhatwal just referred to, that itself, we would have contributed almost I would think, if 
you look at the actual figures, it would almost be 25% of the revenue for RCL coming from 
F&B. And the room business has actually grown both on the back of RevPAR growth and new 
additions. 
 
So kind of evenly split between the two, maybe the new addition in Ginger is higher because it's 
something we turnaround can be faster. And RCL actually does not include Ginger Mumbai 
Airport. If you look at the consolidated Ginger revenues, it's almost 45%. And we gave that 
number out in the presentation as well. 
Abhay Khaitan: 
So can we expect a similar sort of ARR growth for Ginger as we are seeing for the other brands? 
I mean something like a high single digit or low double digit? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
So again, like I said, brand-by-brand strategies are different. Ginger could be occupancy driven, 
but RevPAR growth is again high single digit to low middle digit. And again, with within Ginger, 
we monitor what's called the renovated Ginger portfolio and what's the non-renovated Ginger 
portfolio. And the non-renovated-Ginger portfolio will do much better than the non-renovated 
portion. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Shaleen Kumar with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Congrats again for a pretty good set of numbers. I think I've been congratulating you for the past 
many quarters. And I hope this will continue. So sir, just interesting to see Qmin in Westside 
and Airport. What are you thinking about it? Like is there some plans around there, you want to 
go out and talk into F&B or just an experimental mode right now? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Not really. I think Qmin started as a brand during COVID with the home delivery. And as the 
business came back, home delivery was not as much in demand from hotels as was the case 
during COVID. So the the love for the brand has been immense that we have seen. And when 
we put it in Ginger, it was a big success. And the companies that have gone into partnership with 
us, TFS runs a lot of F&B in different airports on a franchise model. 
 
So it's something that they are scaling up, which is good. So that's why you create brands so that 
you can leverage your brand strength and other people grow on it. And Westside side coming 
from within the group, obviously, there is also a lot of love because they were all Qmin 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
dependent during COVID time. So there's a good memory. There's a good recall of Qmin. Then 
also the business model is very important. So our business model is not based on any fixed rents. 
So either we are getting a brand fee or a franchise fee from a franchisee like at the airport. All 
we are just doing a revenue share. 
 
And we have a lot of other queries also from within the group to leverage the Qmin even more 
significantly, whether it's in the Taj Sats for institutional catering or it is big basket. So we are 
exploring as and when these things become real or this thing, we will obviously share with you, 
Shaleen, like in the past. 
 
At the moment, they are still on the drawing board and the brand in its GMV has crossed INR150 
crores, and we -- it's very good because these brands have been started with 0 capital investment. 
And whatever we are getting is incremental and is also helping us develop good name for the 
brand, but also helping the image of other brands like Ginger, as I said earlier. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
I'm just changing gear here, I want to ask one more question. Again, there a little bit more -- a 
bit of a fundamental question. as we're talking about RevPAR and obviously, into the street 
always have a question, can we grow RevPAR and contribute to RevPAR? But if you little 
beneath that... 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Shaleen, it's very difficult to follow you. There is -- like last quarter, we have some challenge in 
hearing you clearly. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Sorry, sorry for that. So I was saying I just want to ask one fundamental question here. So there 
is a worry around RevPAR -- not worry actually. I just thought process at how the -- how long 
can the RevPAR grow and demand elasticity, but if you go a little under that, there are type of 
customers who we have a very low demand losses, can say they are not to the price. 
 
So when you look at your mix of customers, transient, corporate, Do you think they can give us 
a scope for some changes here, right? There is a portion of customers which continue to grow 
bigger and bigger so that you can easily increase your RevPAR? Can there be some structural 
changes that can happen over there? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
I'm not sure we understand, maybe we can take this offline, but all I can say is the only brand 
we have in the mid-market or the lower side is Ginger, all our other brands traditional ones and 
the new ones are in the upscale, upper upscale or luxury. There the sensitivity to pricing is lower. 
Even in Ginger, we're trying to give that Lean Luxe kind of feeling with the art and the design 
that we have put in there. 
 
So the premiumization, I think, would be the right word. The premiumization of brands is a trend 
that one could say is common across sectors. It doesn't matter which sector you're in or the 
feeling of premiumization. And I think there, we are very well positioned because we are dealing 
only in the premiumization. The only brand which was not dealing with premiumization 10 years 
ago or 8 years ago, 15 years ago was Ginger, which we have completely changed and evolved. 
So I think we are very positive that the value proposition has to be there. 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
You must feel that you're getting value. But if you're getting it with the premiumization of the 
brand, this will be fine. The same is the story with Gateway. We have re relaunch the Reimagined 
Gateway. The Gateway that we have reimagined has nothing to do with the Gateway of past. So 
that -- we expect the same trend what has happened in Ginger over 3, 4 years to also happen 
with the Gateway brand over the next 3 to 5 years. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Yes. If you look at the internal data we put out, Shaleen we put out actually in the presentation. 
We look at how the brands have grown over the last 5 years consistently and also quarter-over-
quarter RevPAR growth. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Just let me explain what I was asking. I was asking in your customer mix, like you have transient, 
your corporate, your leisure, right? So can we continue to see the change here? I'm like maybe 
leisure is on who are the most intensive. So you think that leisure can continue to grow faster 
and the proportion of, let's say, transient or corporate will shift towards more leisure or towards 
more MICE Do you think that way? So that was my question like how the customer mix will 
change? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Towards more MICE is possible in some key markets like Delhi and Mumbai because of events 
that are beginning to happen in Bharat Mandapam or Yashobhoomi or Jio, we have seen when 
Jio has a good event or BKC is having a lot of activity, then within 5-kilometer radius, everything 
is sold out. There's no rooms again. So that, I think, is just the beginning, especially for Delhi. 
 
And more such places, I think a lot of states and big convention centers, and that will attract 
business which has not yet coming into India. So there will be new events, new congresses, new 
big global conferences happening because there was no space to host 3,000, 4,000 people and if 
you have a hall, then you don't have a place to put up 3,000, 4,000, 5,000 people or even events. 
So these things will evolve over the next 3, 4, 5 years. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Just last one, updates on Sea Rock? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
It's a very good question. I was wondering up until now no one has asked us about Sea Rock. 
We have received one of the most important permission, which is called IOD, Intimation Of 
Disapproval. We have received that. Now the last permission that is left is the CC, which is the 
Commencement Certificate. And we need an approval on the additional height that we want 
from the airport authorities. So basically, we think that we have got very close so that 
construction could commence in the second half of this year. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
The height approval has already been received up to a certain level. Beyond that, you need to 
apply for additional height approval. So I think that's also progressed from the last time we had 
given an update. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Which is again in line Shaleen what we had promised that by the end of the year, we will have 
something. And the delay was because there were things happening in the state. All have been 
done. So there are certain things that cannot happen in a certain period. And that's how we had 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
given that guidance, and that's where we are. I'm very happy to report that we have moved the 
needle in a very big way for Sea Rock. . 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain with Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
I just had a couple of questions for you. The first one is on how do you see the U.S. and U.K. 
subsidiary performing in the rest of FY '25 - '26? Is there any demand outlook? Any significant 
change as the EBITDA performance for especially the U.S. market is on the positive trend? So 
is there anything that you can elaborate on? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Very good question, Rahul, because we -- I think the world has had a very challenging situation 
with San Francisco. And we have a hotel there, The Campton Place, which has also been -- there 
was a big labor strike out there. Our hotel was not impacted, but with all the 3, 4 months of 
protests that were going on in that part of town. It had a serious impact on business. Then safety, 
security and all that has been an issue. 
 
We have all seen it on television and news channels and in a beautiful city like San Francisco. 
It seems that it has settled down now, and things will start improving, which will really help us. 
What we can share is that yesterday, the JPMorgan conference, the annual one in San Francisco 
concluded. And we -- as our hotel has done marginally better than last year, which is not about 
how we have done, which means that the market must have done better and there was the ability 
to pay, which is very positive news for us. 
 
Then on the second, we are hoping that this time the Q4 will be better than normal Q4. It's 
because of the swearing in of the new President and a lot of people would be traveling to the 
U.S. now or later. And then if you're going to Washington, you might combine New York with 
it, which brings an additional business. So you must have noticed in our Q3 and the Q2 and 
actually, throughout this year, we have done pretty well with Peer in New York, and we don't 
expect that to change. 
 
We think we'll keep doing better based on the seasonality, the quarter, the way it is. So Q4 of 
last year versus Q4 of this year in peer should be definitely better. But more important is San 
Francisco, which was struggling as a city, which none of us would have ever thought of. So that 
takes care of the U.S. Then we have London. London is -- has a double impact for us. One, the 
market is a bit softer, as we have all read. There is a lot of new supply that has gone into London. 
 
We've still been able to hold ground because we have very strong brand equity in London, 
especially Indians traveling to U.K. or to London prefer to stay at the Taj. We have not seen any 
change in that trend. But the growth in London is not expected to be the way we would have 
thought maybe 6, 8 months ago for the next few months. But if we can hold our grounds, and 
that brings me to the second reason is we've been spending a lot of money in upgrading that 
asset, which has helped us to show those results with a very beautiful courtyard with the addition 
of House of Ming. 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
We added the chambers there. We added the new all-day dining there. So we have plans to 
renovate the Quilon. We have plans to increase the size of chamber. So there is a lot of activity 
which is happening in London because it is the second, after New York and London are the 2 
largest lodging markets of the world followed by Paris. So these are the top 3. So both these 
markets are important for our brand. And we think that in this quarter, we are in a better position 
because of San Francisco's positivity. If London stays the same, peer keeps improving like it has 
done in the last several quarters than it should look better for us going forward in the next 
quarters. 
Rahul Jain: 
Got it, sir. Sir, my second question is regarding the hotel that you're opening in Uttarakhand in 
Q4, in the franchisee model. Is there any -- could you highlight any key differentiation from our 
current operating models? And how does the franchisee differentiate from what we are currently 
doing? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
So I'm glad you picked it up. So with the same group, we did the one and only franchise before, 
which was Pilibhit House in Haridwar. And after 6 months, they came back and said convert 
into management contract. However, and having said that, they are very professional and an 
experienced hotel group, which has given us other properties like Taj in Corbet, Pilibhit House, 
in Haridwar in this property. And we think as they operate only Uttarakhand, that they are very 
strong in that market. And we are very happy. We don't think India is really that mature to get 
into franchise model. 
 
We are not -- we have never been so keen. But with an existing partner where we have had a 
relationship over so many years and a very successful one and with a common understanding 
and coming from the same background because they are in this business, we think it is worth 
trying out and they know this property, they have had it and they've been running it. So why 
don't give them our brand and distribution and network strength and see if this one works out 
better on this model than why not. But this is not a model we are going to open to every single 
individual owner. That's not... 
Ankur Dalwani: 
It's an exception. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
It's an exception. And we did one for Taj, if you would remember. We did that with Chalet for 
the Delhi Airport terminal linked development. We are very, very excited equally about that 
because you're dealing with very professional organization, another publicly listed company. 
They know how to work with brands. So I think the -- these are like one-offs, but we are not 
going in very strongly with the franchise model. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Amit Kadam with Canara Robeco Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Kadam: 
Three questions from my end. First is just one observation from the presentation, Slide number 
35. I see some churning in Vivanta's portfolio in terms of operational rooms where the latest 
number is 3,681 versus last quarter, what we have seen almost like 4,062. Any specific reason 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
for this particular churn? That's question number one. Second is just like in the managed fees, 
we have reported other fees as INR10 crores. Can you just throw some light what is it about?  
 
So that's question two. And third is just like a in terms of as we are focusing more on managed 
hotels. Is there a change in the I would say, profit share in that particular maybe the percentage 
of revenue, what we have seen in last couple of years or may see in future? Yes, that's it. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
I'm not sure if I understood all the, but I'll answer you the first one and then my colleague will 
answer the others is -- the first one was related to the Vivanta, right? We have had two hotels 
where a lot of investment has gone in and they have been upgraded to Taj. One is Surajkund the 
other Srinagar, also to get the best impact on rates and the bottom line. So there has been an 
extension of Srinagar with number of rooms, and Surajkund is another one. 
 
And also properties like Devi Ratan in Jaipur, we might say, although it was not Vivanta, it was 
in the right Selections. So we have done that consistently over the last 5 years. As for whatever 
reasons in the past, because of financial duress or -- some of the properties were taken off the 
Taj network. So we got them back. We have explained that in various quarterly meets and 
Capital Market Day, how that has worked very well for us and for the Taj brand and in driving 
the right value. What was your second question? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
We could not follow the question. If you could repeat. 
Amit Kadam: 
The question was on -- in the managed fee section, you have reported for the quarter INR177 
crores. In this particular slide only, you have reported INR10 crores as other fees, which have 
been observing for the first time, hence wanted some more color. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
So this other fee is basically pertains to -- it's also operating fee, which is basically coming from 
brand free. If you recall, we had announced a branded residence project, so we're starting to earn 
fee on that as well as technical fee, which we have earned from new signings. So this is -- 
essentially, we're just calling it out to give a little flavor of the growth. Technical fee has always 
been there, but it's kind of stepped up as you've done more signings. And the brand fee is a new 
element, but both are expected to sort of -- they are not one-offs. So to be clear, they're not one-
offs. They're expected to continue. But it will vary depending on the signings we do and the 
units sold by the residential projects. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
And how many residential projects? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Yes. And how and obviously, if you add to that, it will add to this. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Number three, you had a third question also. 
Amit Kadam: 
Sir, third question is a little broadish on this particular part as we are focusing more on managed 
hotels, what I assume -- what I understand from the business is that we take X percentage of the 
revenue pool for managing it. So I just wanted to know that over the years, maybe last couple of 
years or maybe as we sign more hotels, this X percentage has -- how it has behaved like as we're 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
able to leverage our brand more and able to get more X percentage of that particular X plus Y 
something over the year? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
No, no, no. I think it's driven by market. It's driven by size. In metros, if you get 6% to 8% fees 
you are doing very well. In smaller hotels, if you get 7% to 9%, you are doing fine. If it's a 
franchise, you're getting 4% to 5% to 6% of total revenue, 4% to 6%, let's say, you're doing very 
well. When it comes to within a metro, is it airport terminal linked location? Or is it somewhere 
5 kilometers from the airport. 
 
Similarly, in city center, is it in the heart of Delhi or Lutyens Delhi, like we just did the Ginger 
in Chanakyapuri We got it on the lower spectrum, but we would take it because how do you get 
the Ginger in It's like what call a gift from heaven, falling into your lap. So even if it would have 
gone for another 10% lower fees would have grown for another 10% lower. So it all depends. 
It's driven by brand, by the macro market, and within the macro market, what is the micro market 
for it and how much you are willing to do to -- based on your knowledge, what it can do for the 
brand. So there is no like a formula which could work for the entire portfolio and the entire 
brandscape. It's very different by brand, by geography and by the opportunity given the size and 
scale of the project. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
There are no secular trends to show that fees is coming down or there is pressure on the fees. I 
think just to add, we continue to be a preferred partner of choice across owners in India. And 
with that is shown by the repeat contracts we sign with existing owners. 
Moderator: 
The last question comes from the line of Achal Kumar with HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
Perfect. I just had one quick question. So on the loyalty member side, of course, while the 
members are growing, just wanted to understand, do you have some kind of analysis or have 
you looked at how many repeat customers are you getting? And similar to what big airlines track 
or whatever it is that my 40% customer stay 10 nights or whatever. 
 
So have you done some kind of analysis or some kind of spending on your know your customer 
basis where you can say that so the repeat customers are increasing and the number of clients 
they take are also increasing? So I just want to understand any trends, any color on that, please? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Nothing at the moment, that we have analyzed. I think we will start sharing this as of next 
quarter. All we can say broader trend at a large amount of success is also coming from depending 
on which brand. Like for Ginger, the loyalty is very important. There's a lot of repeat business 
and almost 40% of the enterprise level revenue of Ginger is loyalty led. So that is an extremely 
positive sign. 
 
When you talk about palaces, I mean it's not really those who go and stay in a palace in Jodhpur 
or Udaipur or Jaipur, they are not going there because they're getting loyalty points. If you have 
to stay in Ram Bagh, you stay in Ram Bagh. You stay in Lake Palace, you stay in Lake Palace. 
If over and above, you get some loyalty points, it's fine, but that's not how they're going to decide 
the next stay because the entry point is so high. 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
Then when it comes to other brands, I think the good news is, it took us since the launch of Taj 
Inner Circle, which we had. It took us almost 20 years to -- or 17 years to get to 2 million. And 
since we joined with Tata Neu, it has taken us less than 4 years to have a 4x increase in that base. 
And within that, also the active loyalty users, where your absolute repeat has increased by the 
same pace. That has increased even 5x as Mr. Dalwani mentioned. 
 
So that part is very positive, and we are very happy with Tata Neu because this kind of know-
how of digital and the kind of investment needed, we could get being a founding member of 
that, it would have been very difficult for us to do all this on our own. 
Achal Kumar: 
Actually, that's what -- that's what my objective was to understand that because I think these 
days, a lot of hotels and airlines, I think they believe that know your customer is very important 
and that helps them a lot in the repeat business. And then secondly, of course, we had a -- people 
are taking a lot of short breaks as soon as you have a long weekend. 
 
And so we are taking repeat holidays. So it was not probably was not -- it was not like whether 
I'm staying at Taj Palace or what, but whether I'm getting a repeat customer, whether coming 
people are coming again and again. I mean -- so that's what I wanted to understand how that will 
be... 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
You're right, Achal, people are coming again and again, it's becoming a very strong leverage for 
us. And we have 8 million, we expect to get to very quickly to 10 million once we have that it 
becomes the largest program. It's a very strong program on the domestic front. I doubt if anyone 
would come close to that. So let's see. Let's see how all this evolves. It looks very, very good 
and very positive at the moment. 
 
Well, thank you, everyone, for joining the call. Thank you for your questions. We look forward 
to further interactions with you both offline or through other investor phones. And we look 
forward to the next investor call, which we will have in the month of May this year. Thank you 
very much. Have a wonderful evening and a wonderful weekend. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of The Indian Hotels Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
