 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
CIN: L70100DL2000PLC104787 
Regd. Off : 13TH FLOOR DR. GOPAL DAS BHAWAN, 28 BARAKHAMBA ROAD, CONNAUGHT PLACE, NEW DELHI- 110001 Phone: 011-49281700 
Corp. Off. : UNIT NO.101,GROUND FLOOR, TOWER-A, SIGNATURE TOWER, SOUTH CITY-1 GURUGRAM HR- 122001Phone: 0124-4398011 
                                                                                      E-mail:  compliance@signatureglobal.in, Website: www.signatureglobal.in 
Date: 17th February, 2025  
 
 
The Manager  
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department,  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Building  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001  
 
Scrip Code : 543990
The Manager  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza  
5th Floor, Plot no C/1, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Symbol : SIGNATURE
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/Analysts Call held on 11th February, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
With reference to our letter dated 6th February, 2025 in respect of Investors/Analysts Call, held on  
Tuesday, the 11th February, 2025, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of discussion held during 
the said Investors/ Analysts Call. 
 
The aforesaid information shall also be disclosed on the website of the Company at 
www.signatureglobal.in.  
 
Kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
 
(M R BOTHRA)  
COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
 
Encl: A/a 
Meghraj 
Bothra
Digitally signed by Meghraj Bothra 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=110034, l=North 
West Delhi, st=Delhi, street=2890/1 SF SANT NAGAR, 
RANI BAGH, Delhi India 110034, title=1802, 
2.5.4.20=1e047b4394bcf4c5de5a2639f513863aef84
549a8b2d054ffc19a6606d774e57, 
serialNumber=c32479ccd87a4ef81e06f955d3a91f5d
1b6ae7532fb94d948a50c7d2b1ff9f20, 
email=bothramr@yahoo.co.in, cn=Meghraj Bothra 
Date: 2025.02.17 17:31:17 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Signatureglobal (India) Limited  
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PRADEEP KUMAR AGGARWAL – CHAIRMAN &WHOLE-
TIME DIRECTOR- SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED  
MR. LALIT KUMAR AGGARWAL – VICE CHAIRMAN &WHOLE 
TIME DIRECTOR - SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED  
MR. RAVI AGGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. DEVENDER AGGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR - SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) 
LIMITED 
MR. RAJAT KATHURIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER-
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED  
MR. SANJEEV KUMAR SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
- SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MS. PREETIKA SINGH – INVESTOR RELATIONS - 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED  
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAISHWAR RAVEKAR – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Signatureglobal (India) Limited Q3 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Saishwar Ravekar from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you sir.  
Saishwar Ravekar: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to welcome everyone to 
the call today.  
 
Today, from the Management of Signature Global, we have with us Mr. Pradeep Kumar 
Aggarwal –Chairman and Whole-Time Director, Mr. Lalit Kumar Aggarwal – Vice Chairman 
and Whole-Time Director, Mr. Ravi Aggarwal – Managing Director, Mr. Devender Aggarwal – 
Joint Managing Director and Whole-Time Director, Mr. Rajat Kathuria – Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Sharma – Chief Financial Officer, and Ms. Preetika Singh – 
Investor Relations.  
 
I would now like to hand over the call to the Management for their “Opening Remarks.” Over 
to you, sir. Thank you.  
Pradeep Kumar Aggarwal: Good morning everyone. Welcome to the third quarter and nine months financial year 2025 
Earnings Conference Call of Signature Global. I am happy to discuss our "Operational and 
Financial Performance" with you today. I trust you have had the opportunity to review our 
“Investor Presentation,” and the “Results Press Release.”  
The Indian real estate sector is witnessing great time encouraged by recent policy development. 
With the Union Budget 2025, the Government indicates support for housing sector growth with 
an allocation of Rs. 54,832 crore for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana and Rs. 1 lakh crore for Urban 
Challenge Fund allocation to transform cities into growth hubs and 15,000 crore fund launched 
to complete a 1 lakh additional unit under the SWAMIH Fund 2.0.  
Adding to this positive energy, the RBI recent decision to reduce the repo rate by 25 basis point 
to 6.25% is expected to enhance home loan affordability, particularly benefiting the affordable 
and mid-income housing segment. These developments are particularly significant as they align 
with the increasing housing demand we are witnessing across key markets.  
This supportive macro environment is especially evident in the Delhi NCR region where 
infrastructure development is reshaping the real estate landscape. The transformation of the 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
South Gurugram, particularly along with the SPR and Sohna corridor had remarkable. These 
areas have emerged a preferred destination for homebuyers driven by the improved connectivity, 
social infrastructure and planned development. This growth trajectory align perfectly with our 
strategic focus on these high potential markets as demonstrated by our overwhelming responses 
to our recent launches in these areas.  
Let me share our “Financial Highlight” for 9 months FY '25: 
We have achieved a strong pre-sale of INR 128 billion in the entire calendar year 2024, the 
booked profit after tax of the Rs. 40 crore in 9-month FY '25.  
Also, we have our best ever 9-month performance with the pre-sale of INR 86.7 billion, 
representing an impressive 178% growth year-on-year, and this exponential performance was 
driven by successful launches including Titanium SPR and Daxin Vistas on Sohna Corridor.  
Our operational and financial performance underscores our dedication to delivering quality 
products in mid-income housing and premium segments. Our strategy continues to focus on 
offering that right product at the right price point in the right location. A combination has always 
supported our market position.  
With that, I would like to conclude my remarks and hand over to our CEO – Mr. Rajat Kathuria, 
who will take you through our detailed financial performance. Thank you for your attention. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thank you, Pradeepji. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking out time this morning for 
our Investor and Quarterly Results.  
So, like in the past, you know, the core of our strategy has always been to focus on mid-income 
housing. We have kept our performance on the same lines. We are keeping our focus on mid-
income housing.  
By and large, the consumption trends remain quite steady. And our hypothesis that supply 
creation does lead to demand creation is kind of holding good because during these nine months 
also, we have launched several new projects across our core markets.  
Now, whether this was project by the name of Titanium SPR or DAXIN in the Sohna Market or 
City of Colors in Manesar or Twin Tower DXP, which is just next to the Dwarka Expressway, 
so, all of these core markets, we have created a sustained supply. We have come up with projects, 
you know, one after the other in tandem. And that has resulted in very strong demand creation.  
By and large, all these projects have shown fairly good sort of, you know, customer enthusiasm 
and participation. So, a lot of our sales have been driven out of this new supply which we have 
created. And to add to that point, even in our previous projects, we have very little unsold 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
inventory. So, that thesis that, you know, if you come up with projects at the rightful sort of price 
points and capital value per unit, there is ample and more demand, you know, for these units.  
So, even for the nine-month period, if you look at some numbers, we have roughly sold around 
3,500 odd units with an average ticket size of about 2.5 crores. With the quality of product and 
the location of these projects, the price point is very well accepted in the local market. And given 
that the units are being offered from a fairly large and developer with a strong track record, we 
receive good traction from the customers.  
If you look at numbers in terms of pre-sales, for the previous quarter, we did about 27.7 billion. 
All these amounts are in INR billion. So, for the quarter, it was 27.7. For the first nine months, 
it was close to 86.7 billion. And most interestingly, if you look at the trailing 12 months, which 
is the full calendar year 2024, the numbers stood at some 128.8 billion, which shows that we 
have crossed comfortable 1,000 crores per month sort of sales performance. 
While this was the overall quantum, in terms of realizations, if you look at it, our average per 
square foot realization was in excess of Rs. 12,700-odd per square foot. At a portfolio level, this 
is roughly 8% higher than what we achieved for the full financial year, which, like for FY '24, 
that number was closer to 11,700.  
So, the pace of increase is slower, but still given that there is a lot of demand for mid-income 
homes, we are still seeing a price rise happening in the market. These numbers are at a portfolio 
level. Even at project level for us, we have seen similar sort of trends in terms of project level 
price increases, which we have managed to pass on to the customers during this period.  
Our collections are improving on a quarterly basis. For this nine-month period, the overall 
collection was higher than INR 32 billion. And interestingly, we have created a good surplus. 
Our operating surplus after paying taxes is almost now touching 40% of the collections. It was 
38% to be precise. But on this 32 odd billion of collections, we have created a surplus which 
was in excess of 12 billion, which was deployed quite evenly between new business 
developments, which is effectively land acquisition or land-related advances, or towards net debt 
reduction and debt servicing.  
So, during these nine months, we added about close to 3 million square foot of developable area 
in Sector 37D, which is again one of our core markets. After these nine months also, during this 
quarter, we have announced it in the month of January that we have acquired another 16 acres 
of land, adding another 2.7 million square foot of space in Sector 71. This land was earlier held 
under a collaboration agreement which we have now acquired.  
But getting back on the surplus side, out of this 1,200 odd crores or Rs. 12 billion of surplus, 
about 570 crores stroke 5.7 billion went towards land acquisition, about 4.2 billion went towards 
reduction in net debt and about 2 billion went towards debt servicing.  

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
So, this is the reason you will see that, you know, our net debt has also fallen. Despite growing 
operations, growing pre-sales numbers, growth in revenue recognitions for completions, you 
know, you will see that our net debt number is kind of gradually on an year-on-year basis is kind 
of getting down.  
Now, while net debt is going down, our portfolio remains fairly robust. Till date, we have 
completed projects equivalent to about 13.5 million square foot. There is another 11 million 
square foot which is at an advanced stages of completion. At the start of the year, this number 
was closer to 16 million. We have come down to 11 million now. And over the next five to six 
quarters, you know, this entire 11 million square foot should be getting completed.  
Besides this, there is another 35 million square foot which is either at early stages of launches 
or it is yet to be launched. So, there is about 13.5 million square foot, which we have launched, 
you know, over the last calendar year. So, even if you look at the launches during this calendar 
year, we have done launches closer to almost 180 billion. This includes January to March 24 as 
well. So, this 13.5 odd million square foot is fairly early in terms of its life cycle.  
But besides this also, there is another 21.6 million land, you know, land stage sort of inventory, 
which we are sitting on, which has a staggering GDV potential of about INR 350 billion. So, we 
still have a good amount of, you know, unlaunched projects, which we launch basis market 
conditions and hopefully over the next, you know, 2, 2.5 years.  
If you look at the financial performance basis completions, prior to that, we will just, as of today, 
stick with our guidance whether it's in terms of launches where we have done launches worth 
135 billion over the first nine months. So, we are hopeful, and we are keeping the launch number 
constant. Our pre-sales, which is at 87 billion, we hope to comfortably surpass 100 billion on 
that front. On collections and completion basis revenue recognition also, we are expecting a 
fairly good quarter and hence we kept the guidance constant at 60 billion and at 38 billion, 
respectively.  
In terms of the profitability of the products being sold, we are maintaining that the implied 
EBITDA margin of all these sales which is currently happening will be at 35% and hence will 
yield a very strong PAT level margin for the company.  
Besides that, in terms of revenue recognized, we roughly completed around 2.7 million square 
foot. And approximately the realization per square foot on the inventory which got completed 
and hence is getting reflected in the P&L account was sold at about Rs. 7,000 a foot. So, there 
is a huge difference and hence there is a delta in the underlying profitability.  
So, at this Rs. 7,000-foot sort of product, which kind of got completed, we have done revenue 
recognition of close to 20 billion, on which the GP margin was at 27%, EBITDA was at 12%, 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
and, you know, we have started coming onto a positive zone in the PAT, at a PAT level. So we 
did, you know, a positive PAT of about 40 crores on this.  
On the net debt number as well, we are very hopeful of sticking to the guidance where our net 
debt should stay lower than 0.5x the operating surplus created by the company on an annualized 
basis. So, just during these nine months also, we have created a surplus of about 12 billion, while 
the net debt stood at 7.4 billion. So, you know, on an annualized basis, we expect the operating 
surplus to be much higher and net debt to be lower than the current levels by the end of the year. 
So, hence that guidance should get met.  
In terms of stock performance, of course, I think 2024 was a good year. Markets are quite 
choppy, you know, for the last two to three months. But on our calendar year 24, from 1st of 
January till 31st of December, we have almost delivered about, you know, 50% sort of returns 
on the stock. There has been very good support from the foreign institutional investors, and we 
continue to see support from the domestic investors as well.  
So, by and large, we are sticking to a strategy of mid-income housing, working on a build-to-
sell model. We feel that Gurgaon market is achieving, can achieve much higher scale. In some 
manner, you know, we are working on category creation rather than just looking at it as what's 
the market and being what are shared. There is like a full host of category of mid-income homes 
being created and with strong supply creation, you know, demand is kind of falling through.  
One added positive at this stage is that, you know, in Delhi, recently, we saw BJP government 
kind of coming and the market anticipation is that, so when we talk of Delhi NCR, usually a lot 
of development has happened either in Gurgaon or in Noida. And this is for almost last two 
decades, you know, ever since the Foreign Direct Investment in real estate was opened up back 
in 2005.  
Delhi capital region has not seen a lot of new developments, whether it be office spaces or 
residential spaces. And a lot of that development was happening on the outskirts. But the market 
anticipation is that, you know, with today, BJP government both in center and at the state level, 
the policy framework should enable development within Delhi, which has a lot of land closer to 
some of very large, you know, middle-income housing areas like Dwarka or Rohini.  
There is a lot of land abutting it, which is in Delhi, but it was not seeing any development. But 
we are hopeful that policy framework should enable development in those regions. And, you 
know, we will try and participate in that development within the Delhi city, which looks like a 
fairly big opportunity to us as of today.  
So, these are the broad comments. I am happy to answer to any questions which you may have.  

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask questions may press "*" and "1" on their touchstone phone. If you wish to 
withdraw yourself from the question queue, you may press "*" and "2". Participants are 
requested to use only handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for 
a moment while the question queue assembles. You may please press "*" and "1" to ask 
questions. The first question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. And I think congrats on a great nine months, meeting most 
of the guidance across parameters. Just first question on, you know, cash flows where probably 
only metric where we seem to be lagging a bit. So, you know, how has been Q4 till date? I mean, 
one, one-and-a-half months already through that, you know, and what giving you confidence of 
achieving that 6,000 crore guidance? Is it like already we have started getting good chunk of 
cash flows or it's going to be back ended with the kind of completions which are expected in 
Q4? So, your thoughts on cash flows or collections, I would rather say.  
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, Pritesh, thanks for the question. So, Pritesh, it's a mix of both the factors. There are quite a 
few completions which are lined up for this quarter and collections in general are improving, 
you know, at a steady pace on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So, you know, both of these things are 
keeping us confident to keep the guidance constant. And even at a more fundamental level, I 
wouldn't say all, but the bulk of the sales which we have done on a life-to-date basis are mostly 
on a construction-linked plan basis, besides very few aberrations.  
 
So, effectively, see, if sales are happening, collections are bound to happen. And a lot of sales 
we have done is towards the end of some of the previous quarters. Like, you know, in the June 
quarter, it was a lot towards the end of June, likewise in September, while the previous quarter 
was quite well spread. So, we expect collections to improve, you know, significantly during this 
quarter and that's why we have kept the guidance number constant.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. Just a small follow-up on that. So, you know, probably till now, if I see monthly run rate 
was roughly 300-odd crores of collections every month, has that already started increasing to, 
let's say, 400-500 crores a month for Jan or probably will still be back-ended in that sense in the 
quarter?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
Pritesh, I prefer not to spell out numbers beyond what we have released. But yes, I think for this 
quarter, the collections will be much higher than the previous one.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Fair enough. Got it. And second, on the diversification bit beyond Gurgaon, obviously you stated 
that Gurgaon has a lot of opportunity, but Delhi is kind of now opening up as an opportunity for 
us. So, what's the scope for us in terms of development there? Would we be looking at the land 
pooling policy as a scope of development or we will be going for redevelopment of those old 
colonies which the new government is probably targeting to give approvals on? So, what's the 
sense on that?  

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, see, policy framework, first and foremost, will take shape. So, there are a lot of areas where 
greenfield developments are possible. So, Delhi is broken up into newer zones where there is 
still a lot of open areas. So, it will throw up a lot of opportunities on the greenfield development 
site. And you know, what we expect or anticipate for the company is like in Gurgaon, you know, 
we have picked up three markets where we have three micro markets where we do kind of a 
sustained supply.  
 
Hopefully in times to come in Delhi also, you know, we will pick more than one kind of micro 
market where we will again try to capture like a significant position so that, you know, we stay 
relevant within that micro market and work over there on a longer span of time. So hopefully, 
you know, it will add a couple of micro markets for us where, you know, we create positions 
and do sustained supply of products.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, sir. But just one small follow-up again there. I mean, we haven't seen too much of potential 
in what Delhi presents as a residential real estate. You know, maybe four or five years down the 
line, do you expect Delhi for you would be as big as what it is, Gurgaon right now? Or probably, 
you know, even if it's half of it, you will be happy with that kind of number from Delhi?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, Pritesh, we have never seen or rather no one seen action ever in Delhi because there was no 
relevant kind of bylaws through which someone could have developed new land. You know, 
DDA was always auctioning very few parcels of land which were very expensive and hence, 
you know, doing mid-income housing was not very doable. You know, these were smaller 
parcels of land of one, two, three acres, five acres. And larger parcels were often developed by 
DDA in an aggressive way till a point in time. But somewhere last, you know, one or two 
decades, DDA has not done a lot of development, a lot of open, as in, you know, private land 
has not come into development.  
 
So, to answer your point, it's a little premature to say how large will it become, but definitely 
this is like a sizable sort of, you know, an opportunity. It could be anything, you know, whether 
it be half times the existing signature or becomes one time the existing signature. You know, it's 
tough to say at this stage, but yes, this is like something which is meaningful. This will not be 
like, you know, seeding a new market by buying, you know, 10, 15, 20 acres of land. It's not that 
sort of a scenario we are talking about here.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, got it. That's pretty helpful. That's it from my side and all the best.  
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thank you, Pritesh.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants to please press "*" and "1" to ask questions. The 
next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead.  

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes. Very good morning, sir. And thank you very much for this opportunity. So, just wanted to 
understand, I think in the presentation and in the speech also, you mentioned that we aim to 
deliver these ongoing projects in coming five to six quarters, right?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes, that's correct.  
Deepak Poddar: 
So, that is about 11 million square feet odd. So, what would be the value of those 11 million 
square feet in rupees crores?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, this will be between 7,000 to 8,000 crores.  
Deepak Poddar: 
So, at ASP of 7,000 to 8,000 crores. So, what effectively it means that this total value stands at 
which we expect to deliver is close to about 9,000 crores, right? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
No, it's, yes, closer to 7 to 8,000 crores, you know, what effectively will be the output of this 11 
billion square foot. Closer to 8,000 odd crores.  
Deepak Poddar: 
8,000 crores. So, out of this 8,000 crores, you expect around, I mean, what, 1,800 crores to be 
realized in this quarter itself? I mean, because we are already halfway through the quarter, right? 
I mean, you would have a good visibility because you are maintaining your guidance of 3,800 
crores in this year. 2,000 we have already done in nine months.  
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, Deepak, see, in terms of completions, we are quite advanced on multiple projects. But, you 
know, often in terms of revenue recognition, it's quite a binary situation because at the end of 
the quarter, you know, you should have completed and collected more than 90% from the 
customers. So, it tends to stay binary.  
 
By and large, this kind of completion is happening, you know, within the 12-month span. 
Whether revenue recognition happens before 12 months or a little after 12 months is something, 
you know, we don't ourselves know till the time, you know, the quarter ends and we take stock 
of it. But our activity level has been there to kind of achieve these kind of completion targets.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And what sort of revenue recognition we are targeting for next year, FY '26?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
FY '26, a little early to comment, but yes, it would be at least 50%, you know, 40 to 50% higher 
than what we will end up achieving for this year. At least 40% higher, if not more.  
Deepak Poddar: 
At least 40% higher versus FY '25.  
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Deepak Poddar: 
And just one last thing on your, I mean, we are talking about embedded EBITDA margin of 35% 
on current sales, right?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, I mean, but there is always a huge difference between what you report versus what is 
embedded. I mean, in future, will we ever see a convergence of your embedded versus your 
reported margins? I mean, any thought process on that would be helpful. I know, I mean, current, 
whatever, nine months we have done, it's done at a lower ASP of 7,000-odd. And these 
embedded, what you are talking about, is at 11,000, maybe 11, 12,000 per square feet. But 
ideally, when this pre-sales was happened, at that time also, embedded margin was at least 20-
25%, right? But it doesn't translate to your reported EBITDA margin. Yes. So, thought… 
Rajat Kathuria: 
That's a very good question, Deepak. And I will also try to answer it in a very fundamental or 
layman way that, see, our numbers have grown almost in a J-shaped manner over the last three 
to four years. What you are seeing in terms of revenue recognition is mostly the size and scale 
of the company which existed about 3 to 4 years ago.  
 
However, a lot of SG&A expenses, which you see pertain to the current scale of performance. 
That's why while the gross margins are at 27-28%, if we were still operating, you know, at those 
kind of scale in terms of pre-sales today, let's say if we were doing hypothetically, let's say, you 
know, 25-30% of the sales which we are currently doing, you know, probably our SG&A 
expenses would have been much lower and you would have seen an EBITDA margin anywhere 
between 15 to 20, more closer to 20%.  
 
But since at revenue recognition level and gross profit level, we are seeing what the company 
was when these projects were launched three to four years ago, right? Completion cycle is at 
least four years in a construction business. But your SG&A expenses are basis the current level 
of operations.  
 
So, that's why it's kind of a double whammy in terms of the reported numbers that for a company 
which has grown so fast but courtesy of the revenue recognition policy, which makes revenue 
recognition quite back-ended in nature, you know, it will take some more time before you will 
see a good surge in the profitability levels. And yes, there will need to be some convergence 
between the revenue recognized and the pre-sales being done.  
 
And I will add to it, even in terms of volume, if you will see, like in terms of pre-sales, we have 
sold close to 7 million square foot. During the nine months itself, we have completed about 2.7. 
So, even if you were to extrapolate this 2.7 number for the year, you know, we are completing 
close to 4 million, selling 7 million. So, the difference is, you know, maybe not as high as it is 
in value terms. Because value terms, you know, if you will see the current sales are at Rs. 12,000 
or close to Rs. 13,000 a foot. Completion is of Rs. 7,000 product.  

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
So, you know, a couple of these things are adding up and compounding this lower number on 
EBITDA and profitability side which you are seeing. And that's why we are being extremely 
cautious while giving these implied profitability assumptions in our public sort of documents.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Correct. But this scale-up will continue to happen, right? I mean, currently we are looking to 
deliver 11 million square feet, and the launches and forthcoming project is close to about 35 
million square feet. So, we will continue to, I mean, we will continue to scale-up, right, our 
business. And that is the right thing to do. So, ideally, this SG&A expense will keep coming, 
right? I mean, so your convergence between your reported and EBITDA will take a lot of time, 
ideally. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
See, convergence is happening or will happen, but yes, we feel it's good if, you know, 
convergence doesn't happen too fast because it basically represents that a lot of underlying 
growth is taking place in the company, while, you know, completion happens in its own way. 
But the other part is that, see, pricing also moved quite swiftly in the Gurgaon market over the 
last one or two years which is kind of stabilizing.  
 
So, even in value terms, we don't foresee in the next couple of years, prices to double from the 
current level. Yes, they will grow because there is still a lot of demand for the product. But we 
have kept everything, we have kind of disclosed everything, whether it be pre-sales, imply 
profitability to actually revenue recognition. And that's why it's important to read in between the 
lines while taking calls of investments.  
Deepak Poddar: 
And when we do expect for this, I mean, 10-11,000 realization to start hitting? I mean, currently 
we are at about whatever revenue recognition is happening is for 7,000 kind of realization, right? 
So, how many quarters we are away, I mean, to start seeing this 10- 11,000 kind of a realization? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
See, our immediate target is to complete the 11 million square foot portfolio. Okay. So, that will 
happen over the next five to six quarters. While that has happened, see, this year we launched a 
couple of large township projects, whether it be DAXIN, there were certain plotted development 
within that, or within City of Colors, you know, there is quite a bit of, you know, plotted areas 
which has been sold. So, the profitability level on these products is good and they take lesser 
time to complete. So, I think once we have completed this 11 million square foot around 
immediately thereafter, you will see completion of some of these plotted developments taking 
place, which will have higher profitability.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Which will have higher profitability, and this 11 million square, you already mentioned it's at 
7,000 only. I mean, next four, five quarters, right?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
No, it will be on average somewhat higher. But yes, this still comprises of projects which we 
sold under the affordable housing policy or where we would have sold mid-income homes in 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Sohna or in peripheral markets of Gurgaon. So, yes, I think this will be a mix of all of these 
products.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. And just one final question, I mean, for the next year, then FY '26, so what sort of 
reported EBITDA margin range one should look at, I mean, after considering all this SG&A 
expense coming through?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
We can compute that and separately, you know, you can write to us and we will respond to that.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, fair enough, I think that would be it from my side. All the very best to you. Thank you so 
much.  
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Participants, you may please press "*" and "1" to ask questions. We will take the 
next question from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Yes, good morning, everyone. Thanks for the opportunity. So, if you just, Rajat, if you just tell 
us now on the launch plans for the next two or three quarters, how you are looking to phase out, 
especially in Sohna and Sector 71. And if any other new markets, micro markets and Gurgaon 
are on the anvil. And also, what is the pending cumulative GDV of the entire projects we have 
on hand currently? Yes, that is the first question. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Sure, Adhidev. So, see, the two larger launches which will be coming up will be one in 37D. 
There is about 14 acres of land, about 3 million plus, you know, square foot of area which will 
come up. That's a fairly large project which will launch.  
 
Even in Sector 71, Adhidev, we will be doing Phase 2 of Titanium. So, there was always like an 
unlaunched portion. There are new, almost like five new tasks which are expected to be launched 
over there. So, about 1.6 to 1.7 million square foot of areas getting launched in sector 71. And 
even in Sohna market, you know, we have been gradually adding up supply of the independent 
floors, which we have done over the last three to four months. So, in all these three markets, 
there is sustained supply.  
 
In addition to that, there are some more smaller sort of areas which are kind of getting launched. 
But most of us apply over the next, you know, six to nine months or at least six months, you will 
see in some of these key micro markets which are performing as desired. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Sure. And the second part on the pending GDV of whatever land we have, right? Any ballpark 
number? It's like a total of 50,000 crores or something. Any number you have in mind? 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, the unlaunched portion of our land resource is closer to 21.5 million square foot, which in 
our view should fetch a GDV of close to 350 billion.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay, this is apart from what we have done. Okay. So, and just then on that follow-up on our 
land bank replenishment, right? And obviously, you talked about the possibility of expanding 
into the Delhi market as well. So, in terms of land bank addition, what is the sort of GDP 
additions you will be looking at annually from here on? So, now that we are crossing almost 
10,000 crores this year. And what is the annual sort of land spend also you are looking to do? If 
you could just help us understand that part. Yes. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, if you look at the last nine-month trend only, Adhidev, so, out of the surplus, about half the 
surplus went into land acquisition. So about 12 billion, we created a surplus. About 47% of that 
was deployed towards land acquisition. If you look at the nine-month pre-sale in volume terms 
was closer to 7 million square foot.  
 
But if you look at the land aggregation over the 10-month span, including the month of January 
because, see, this can't be done on a monthly basis. We have added, like, closer to 3 million in 
37D, about 2.7 in, you know, 71. So, about 5.7 million of replenishment has also happened. So, 
we stay put on that target that we keep replenishing our land as we are selling it in Gurgaon and 
peripheral areas.  
 
Delhi is absolutely like, you know, a new plan. I would say no one had anything in Delhi. But 
yes, you know, since we are local in this market, you know, we will be quick to add on to the 
opportunity which the market will throw for real estate developers.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. So, it is safe to say excluding Delhi, right, 1,500 to 2,000 crores would suffice for us in 
terms of the land bank spend for the next couple of years on an annual basis? Is it a number or 
it could go a little higher depending on our growth aspirations? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
No, for Gurgaon, we don't need to go higher. For Gurgaon, I think up to 1,500 is like a fairly 
good sort of target.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Sure. And final question on how the health of the Gurgaon market is, right? Is there any segment 
where you are seeing things are doing better than the other in terms of the demand? This is just 
a generic question, I know, but any segment, any ticket size, any pricing, any micro market 
which is doing faring better, where you see demand is more buoyant as compared to the other 
ones? Yes. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, Adhidev, I prefer to speak for, you know, on our behalf. So, the segments we are operating 
wherein mid-income housing is at the core of the strategy. And you know, we have done some 
bit of experimentation, you could say. We have done products which are more towards the 
premium side.  

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
We have also done slightly larger size products, whether it be DAXIN or City of Colors. And 
we have seen fairly good response on both of these sort of product expansions which we have 
done. But we are seeing demands for consumption to be fairly steady. If you are launching 
products at rightful sort of price points, it's kind of staying steady. And we prefer to just kind of 
keep doing it. In general, we feel the market is doing reasonable. The price movement upwards 
has slowed down and transaction volumes are doing good.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Sure. That is pretty helpful. Yes. I will come back if I have more questions here. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Abhishek Khanna from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Khanna: 
Hi, Rajat. I just wanted to check for the Manesar launch that you did in the current quarter, what 
was the contribution to your sales? 1.5 million square feet that you launched.  
Rajat Kathuria: 
I can get you the exact number, but it was closer to 700-800 odd crores was the kind of PCLC 
we recorded out of the Manesar project. I cannot give clearly that number, but it was meaningful 
sales which has happened.  
Abhishek Khanna: 
Sure. I just want to understand, was this plotted developments, industrial plots, what exactly was 
this in the form of?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
In the form of as in? 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Are these low-rise apartments that you sold or were these plots that you sold, the 7-800 crores 
that you are talking of in Manesar?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, Abhishek, see, we have done two large township launches during this nine months span. So, 
in the Sohna Market, the project is called DAXIN, wherein we launched two separate products. 
One is, you know, low-rise independent floors by the name of DAXIN Vistas. And second is 
industrial plots just adjoining to it.  
 
So, it's a fairly large, very well sort of planned development just on the periphery of Gurgaon. 
So, the housing in DAXIN is something which we are developing and selling, whereas industrial 
plots are just being sold as plots. These are developed plots with basic infrastructure being laid 
out by the company and the development is expected to be done by the consumer.  
 
The second project which we launched in Manesar is called City of Colors. Again, fairly large, 
about 129 acres. In that market, we have just sold it as plots, whether they be for residential use 
or industrial use. We are going to do only basic infrastructure development and sell it.  

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Got it. Just one more clarification on this Manesar. While you say the land piece is about 150 
acres, the launch potential or the development potential, there is about 2 million square feet. That 
seems fairly low on FSI less than even half if I think, right? Is there something that I am 
calculating wrong or is that how it is?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
Because we are just selling it as plots, Abhishek. We are not developing it. Hence, that's the 
plotted… 
Abhishek Khanna: 
The size will be lower than half or so.  
Rajat Kathuria: 
That's the plotted land potential, no? That's without any development taking place. And within 
that project, as we speak, during the nine-month period, our sale was about 920-odd crores from 
just sale of plots. We are not going to develop any area on top of these plots. And that's why the 
FSI potential is low from a company perspective.  
Abhishek Khanna: 
But just for clarification, is the FSI potential not 1 is to 1, as in 43,500 into 1? Is that not how it 
should be? Or is it even... 
Rajat Kathuria: 
No, you lay out basic infrastructure, no? So, on a per acre basis, depending on efficiency of the 
plot, you will not get more than, let's say, 3,100 to 3,200 odd square yards. So, out of 4,840 
square yards per acre, you will probably be able to sell plots which will be in that range of 3,000 
to 3,200 yards. The rest of the area will go in circulation and services.  
Abhishek Khanna: 
Got it. Thank you. That is helpful. The second question that I had was Sohna. Do you have the 
approvals for launching the fourth floor or are we still awaiting clarity on that front?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
No, the policy is absolutely clear and we have those approvals in place.  
Abhishek Khanna: 
Got it. And have we also started selling those four floors in the launched area that we have? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Absolutely yes. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Okay, perfect. And the last one that I had, for all the approvals that you spoke of in the next six 
to nine months, which includes 37 and 71, do you already have approvals for any of them? Are 
these extensions of already approved projects or would you require RERA approvals for all of 
them separately?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, RERA approvals are, of course, required. But we are at fairly advanced stages of approval. 
So, like both of these projects in Gurgaon context, you know, they are licensed projects, you 
know, at very advanced stages of planning and approvals. So, given the stage we are, we are 
very confident, you know, that these launches will happen in a short one or two quarters, we will 
be able to launch these projects.  

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Okay, perfect. That is helpful. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayushi, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Ayushi: 
Hi, sir. So, while you have already touched upon this to a certain extent, my question to you is 
that with the change in government, what impact do you anticipate on your operations and the 
overall ease of doing business in the real estate sector? And given the evolving policy landscape, 
how would you expand it to the Delhi geography? And what key policy or regulatory changes 
would you request from the government to support your growth in this new geography?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, Ayushi, thanks for the question. So, see, as far as the Gurgaon market is concerned, you 
know, there is nothing new or nothing different which we anticipate. The policy framework is 
quite clear in terms of kinds of development which can take place in the Gurgaon market. So, 
whatever land we currently own, we have a plan in place on how to develop it or to put it into 
production.  
 
What has changed? Now, since land is a state subject, you know, every state has its own set of 
bylaws as far as the development of land-related policies are concerned. And Delhi being a 
separate state, but the situation is that, you know, in Delhi, for any new development-related 
policies to come into force, there is a role of both central government as well as the state 
government.  
 
Now the opportunity here is that since we have the same, you know, party ruling the center as 
well as the state, the anticipation of the market is that Delhi should see rightful regulatory 
changes in the policy framework so that real estate development becomes more feasible or 
doable. And that's where the opportunity lies.  
 
So, once that takes shape, see, Delhi is such a popular state and if you have visited or been in 
Delhi, there have been very few newer developments which have happened within Delhi. So, 
there is availability of land. You know, there is a lot of urban consumer who is kind of, you 
know, staying within Delhi. One needs to have the rightful framework to develop a product. So, 
that link is missing, which, you know, we all are hoping that will start taking shape.  
Ayushi: 
So, sir, there is enough opportunity for everyone, even with the competition that you will 
probably see in Delhi being the capital.  
Rajat Kathuria: 
We do expect competition in the market.  
Ayushi: 
Okay. And how do we plan on dealing with that?  
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, see, Ayushi, we are sitting in this market. We have a lot of competence and capability right 
from the start of identifying land till the time of handing over keys to our customer. So, every 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
key step, we are very well-poised. We have probably the best of teams to kind of handle that 
situation. We are today almost close to 1,200-odd people working with Signature.  
 
So, you know, local and real estate somewhere, you know, does is kind of, you know, localized 
business, you know, understanding customer preferences, understanding customer needs, ability 
to create supply to address those needs. You know, a lot of that understanding is very localized. 
And since we have good capabilities, we are fairly confident to work on this opportunity.  
 
So, it's very early to kind of anticipate a lot of competition and start fearing it. It's almost the 
other way around that there is such a big opportunity. We feel that if a lot of people participate, 
there is work for quite a few players to work on that opportunity.  
Ayushi: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. Thank you and all the best for your next phase.  
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we now conclude the Q&A 
session. Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes 
this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
