 
 
 
 
 
18th January 2025 
 
 
 
BSE Limited        
 
 
 
 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stock Code: 513375 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stock Code: CARBORUNIV 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor Call  
 
Pursuant to our letter dated 15th January 2025 informing the upload of audio recording 
of the investor call held on 15th January 2025, please find enclosed a copy of the 
transcript of the Investor call and the same can be accessed through the following link. 
 
Link: 
https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/15.01.2025-
investor-call-transcript-1.pdf  
 
Request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Carborundum Universal Limited  
 
 
 
 
Rekha Surendhiran 
Company Secretary 
 
SURENDHIRAN 
REKHA
Digitally signed by SURENDHIRAN REKHA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=133376914186113972joYp98DIcLNzD9, 
2.5.4.20=fd1a23ee82f6097c2c6bdcb73a57518e3cac48327a58d8b
ea18d7f12b56cf2ac, postalCode=600122, st=Tamil Nadu, 
serialNumber=09b2551546796137c8aa47ee2a2f90f56c6a9107df2
03c46c5900ff3c9a322c8, cn=SURENDHIRAN REKHA 
Date: 2025.01.18 18:35:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Carborundum Universal Limited 
Business Update Conference Call” 
January 15, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRIDHARAN RANGARAJAN – 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – CARBORUNDUM 
UNIVERSAL LIMITED 
 
MR. SUSHIL BENDALE - CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – CARBORUNDUM 
UNIVERSAL LIMITED 
 
MR. G. CHANDRAMOULI – ADVISOR, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – CARBORUNDUM 
UNIVERSAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR – DAM CAPITAL 
ADVISORS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Carborundum Universal Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Carborundum 
Universal Business Update Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors 
Limited. As a reminder, all participant line will be in listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone. Thank you. Good evening, everyone. On 
behalf of DAM Capital, I would like to welcome you to the 
Carborundum Universal call for a business update. We have the 
management today being represented by Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan, 
Managing Director; Mr. Sushil Bendale, Chief Financial Officer; and 
Mr. G. Chandramouli, Advisor, Investor Relations. At this point, I'll 
hand over the floor to Mr. Rangarajan for his initial remarks, post which, 
we'll open up the floor for Q&A. Thank you, sir, and over to you. 
Sridharan Rangarajan: Thank you, Bhoomika, and good evening to all of you. Thanks for your 
participation in today's call. I would like to provide an update of an event 
relating to VAW, which is a material step-down subsidiary of CUMI. 
As per the U.S. Department of State's press release dated 10th January 
2025, the set of Russian companies in the manufacturing sector which 
includes VAW, were added to the U.S. Department of Treasuries, Office 
of Foreign Assets Control, (OFAC), Specially Designated Nationals and 
Blocked Person List (SDN list) for operating or having operated in the 
manufacturing sector of the Russian Federation economy. 
 
As a result of VAW’s designation, all of VAW’s property and the 
interest in the property that are in the United States are in possession or 
control of U.S. persons are blocked. Further, most financial transactions 
involved in U.S. currency and transactions involving U.S. persons are 

 
Carborundum Universal Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
not possible for VAW unless authorized by general or specific license 
of a OFAC. 
 
As such, VAW has no business operation or sales in the U.S. VAW is 
assessing the impact of its designation. Material update, if any, will be 
informed post the completion of such assessment. This call will be 
limited to this event and we will take questions relating to that only. We 
will try to answer to the best of what we know today. We'll open up the 
question for the next 15 minutes. This will be a short call, only focused 
on this event. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Harshit Patel 
from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead.  
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, firstly, as you have previously mentioned, close to 40% to 45% of 
our VAW sales come from Europe. So how much proportion of these 
sales is denominated in the U.S. dollar, which might be impacted going 
ahead, as you have mentioned? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: Yes. So overall, you're right, about 60% of the businesses is within 
Russia, and the balance is outside of Russia. We think around 12 
percentage of our business is U.S. dollar denominated and this we would 
be talking to each customer to understand their willingness to switch to 
other currencies. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sure. So in your preliminary assessment, how long this shift will take, 
whether we will be able to complete this exercise in this March quarter 
itself? Or will it take more time and will spill over towards June quarter 
as well? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: So just to refresh and we are going through this multiple discussions 
within us. I think probably we'll have more update when we meet in the 
month of February after our earnings call or during the earnings call. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. And just a small follow-up to that from my side. What 
happens to the outstanding receivables that we have in the U.S. dollar? 

 
Carborundum Universal Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
Sridharan Rangarajan: So we have very, very miniscule outstanding receivable, and these will 
have to be collected. We understand these are known customers who 
have been working with us for quite some time and there are individual 
customers that we need to start working with them to collect. We don't 
see at this point in time a risk. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. Thank you very much for answering my questions and all 
the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Aditya: 
Just to clarify, what you're saying is there is no meaningful direct impact 
of the move on your business in Russia, right? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: I'm saying that we are explaining the dynamics of our current structure 
of the business. We are in the process of assessing the impact it is too 
early to have a full impact to assist. As you know, it's just 2 working 
days has passed and we are just trying to understand impact of each of 
this element. I'm sharing what we know at this point in time and that is 
what I would summarize. 
Aditya: 
Okay. Maybe to earlier question, but do you expect as in the strategy of 
growth, which obviously you're not investing from a growth perspective, 
but do you think through Russia any different light after there is an event 
came, let's say, a European event incrementally happen? Any thoughts 
that you would have at this point of time because either one should we 
be thinking of this as a small event or a precursor and I'm not sure how 
to think through it? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: Yes. Honestly, this year, at this point in time, we have been dealing with 
Russia for the last 2 - 3 years in a kind of as it comes going through the 
motions of various progress in terms of geopolitics. And that is how we 
are looking at it. We don't have any kind of aspiration of growth, and we 
have been communicating this as well until clarity emerges in this 
manner. So I would say that's the stand we that continues even now. 

 
Carborundum Universal Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Aditya: 
Understood. Those are my primary questions. Thank you for your 
responses. Thank you. 
Sridharan Rangarajan: Thank you. Aditya. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Pandey from 
Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Pandey: 
Sir, maybe, a bit early to ask this, but can you please clarify if this 
development has any impact on your other businesses in the U.S.? And 
what proportion of your total business is in the U.S. today? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: This, as we understand as per our discussion with multiple people 
involved, this is highly focused on VAW and its business and that is how 
we understand and we have communicated the same thing also to the 
investors. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Okay. And yes, so secondly, overall, like 5%, 7% of your sales, console 
sales could be in the U.S. Is that the right understanding? Or is it a 
different number? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: Yes. I would share more details as we go to our earnings call. We are 
our focus is largely into this event, and I'm trying to address any 
questions relating to this event. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Sure, sure, sir. And my other question was even before this event, just 
wanted to understand how repatriation was happening from VAW to the 
parent or CUMI International, if you could help us understand that? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: So typically, the dividend is paid and that is how the repatriation of 
dividend happens using the banking channels. And we think that, that 
should continue to happen. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Okay. And this does not get impacted by the USD restrictions. Is that 
correct? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: Correct.  

 
Carborundum Universal Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Mohit Pandey: 
Okay. And I understand, I mean earlier, I think sometimes some quarters 
back, if I remember correctly, it was mentioned around 30% of VAW is 
like repatriated as dividend. Is that the right understanding or? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: It varies, Mohit, depending on their capex need, their local requirement, 
etcetera. But generally, the companies policies, 30% of the profit is 
generally being repatriated -- I mean, paid out as dividend. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Understood, sir. Okay, sir. Thank you. That was it for my side. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhoomika Nair from 
DAM Capital Advisors Limited. Please go ahead.  
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sir, just one small clarification. You mentioned that 12% of the revenues 
of VAW is in U.S. dollars. Now where is the end revenues of this 12% 
happening? Is it more in Europe? Or is it more U.S. or any other 
geography, if you can just elaborate on that, so we understand how easy 
it will be to probably shift to other currencies? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: So it is typically no Europe, no U.S. sales, as I said in my opening 
remarks, and it typically happens outside of the Europe, this 12%. So 
that respective countries have to look at customers that we look at 
whether they can shift to other currencies. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay. So to that extent, in case somebody is not willing to move, that 
will be the possible worst-case situation loss till the market or till this 
issue gets resolved with the U.S. government? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: Correct, correct. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay. Fair point sir, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from 
Equirus Securities. Please go ahead.  
Harshit Patel: 
Just a small follow-up, sir, are there many Russian firms producing 
silicon carbide who are exporting directly to U.S.A.? And if so, could 

 
Carborundum Universal Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
there be a material change in the silicon carbide prices in the global 
market, is that a possibility that you see which is happening at the 
moment? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: So silicon carbide is a very large market. And as I said, that VAW has 
not been selling to U.S. in the past as well. 
Harshit Patel: 
Right, understood. Thank you very much sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Aditya from 
Kotak Securities. 
Aditya: 
If you could just refresh us with any other restrictions that are presently 
there in VAW. I think there is some export duty adverse imposed. It 
would just be helpful if you could kind of give us a sense of any other 
restrictions, whether on repatriation or on duties being put or any other 
sanctions that are there that are applicable to the Russian entity. 
Sridharan Rangarajan: No other restriction to our knowledge exists. This is the first time we 
have faced and that's what we are sharing with you. 
Aditya: 
Thank you. That clarifies. That was my only question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin from SBI 
Mutual Funds. Please go ahead.  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Bhavin, I would request you to please use your 
headset. 
Sridharan Rangarajan: A little bit closer to mic, please. 
Bhavin: 
So pardon me if I mention changes, I joined in a bit late. So what I 
understand is about 45% of the revenues or within Russia and balance 
was exports. Now, the question is can the Euro as the currency be used 
because... 
Moderator: 
Sorry, Mr. Bhavin, we are not able to hear you. 

 
Carborundum Universal Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Bhavin: 
Question was 45% of revenue was domestically sold to the Russian 
entity where 55% is exports. Are there distractions on Euro sales? Can 
the Euro sales be continued? And as you said, 15% of the sales were EU 
entities within the Europe, would it be possible to switch to Europe, Euro 
as a currency? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: Yes. Sorry, Bhavin. I think you came in late. We covered this almost 60 
percentage is locally sold in Russia and 40% is actually exported. It is a 
reverse of what you are telling. And basically, of that 12 percentage of 
that sales is currently U.S. dollar-denominated. And we have to work 
with each customer to see whether they are willing to shift from their 
current dollar-denominated sales. And that is the process that we have 
engaged and it will take some time to give you an update. 
Bhavin: 
But sir, the question also was invoicing in Euro as a currency in your 
view, should not be a problem? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: Yes. As we understand, the limitation is that we cannot use dollar 
currency. 
Bhavin: 
Okay. Sure. Another follow-up question. What percentage would be to 
China? And is it possible in case of worst case scenario to pivot to China 
given that they have other arrangements in Russia? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: We hardly sell anything to China, Bhavin. 
Bhavin: 
Okay. This is the last question. Is the high-purity SiC program that is 
embarking and the pilot plant is in India, but would there be any impact 
on that program given the current situation? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: We don't see any impact of that, that's happening in India and it will 
continue to progress in that direction. 
Bhavin: 
Thank you so much for taking my questions. 
Sridharan Rangarajan: Thank you, Bhavin. 

 
Carborundum Universal Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair for 
closing comments. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes, sir. Thank you very much, sir, for giving us an opportunity to host 
the call and answering all the queries on a relevant event and thank you 
to all the participants. Any closing remarks from your side, sir? 
Sridharan Rangarajan: No, thank you for all of you for coming in and showing interest and I 
think we'll continue to update you as we progress on this event as we 
learn more. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
