January 28, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),         
Mumbai - 400 051. 
BSE Limited
Corporate Relations Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Symbol: LTF  
 
 
 
 
              Security Code No.: 533519 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department / Dept of Corporate Communications 
 
Sub: Transcript of investor(s) / analyst(s) meet – Q3FY2024-25 financial performance 
and strategy update 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the investor(s) / analyst(s) meet for Q3FY2024-25 financial performance and 
strategy update held on January 21, 2025.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company i.e., 
www.ltfs.com/investors. 
 
We request you to take the aforesaid on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For L&T Finance Limited 
(formerly known as L&T Finance Holdings Limited) 
 
 
 
Apurva Rathod  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
APURVA 
NEERAJ 
RATHOD
Digitally signed by 
APURVA NEERAJ 
RATHOD 
Date: 2025.01.28 
18:12:58 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
    Page 1 of 25 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
L&T Finance Ltd. 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Personnel: 
Mr. Sudipta Roy (Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer) 
Mr. Sachinn Joshi (Chief Financial Officer) 
Mr. Karthik Narayanan (Head – Strategy and Investor Relations) 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 2 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to L&T Finance Limited Q3FY25 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
We have with us today: Mr. Sudipta Roy, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Sachinn Joshi, CFO; and other 
members of the senior management team. 
Before we proceed, as a standard disclaimer, no unpublished price-sensitive information will be shared during the 
conference call. Only publicly available documents will be referred to for discussions during interactions in the 
call. While all efforts would be made to ensure that no unpublished price-sensitive information will be shared, in 
case of any inadvertent disclosure, the same would, in any case, form part of the recording of the call. Further, 
some of the statements made on today's call may be forward-looking in nature. A note to this effect is provided in 
the Q3 results presentation sent out to all of you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Sudipta Roy to share his thoughts on the company's performance and the strategy 
of the company going forward. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
 
A very good morning, everyone, thank you for joining us today. I would also like to wish you all a very happy and 
prosperous New year on behalf of the entire leadership team at LTF. Today with me on the call are – our CFO, 
Mr. Sachinn Joshi, and the senior management team of L&T Finance. 
 
Today’s call is divided into two sections, taken up sequentially by myself and our CFO – Mr. Sachinn Joshi, who 
will be talking about the overall business metrics & financial performance at length.  
 
Post our opening commentary, we'll be happy to take questions on the call. 
 
Macro-economic outlook 
Before moving to the highlights of the quarter, I would like to give you some flavour on the Macro-economic 
scenario and sectoral outlook.  
 
Global backdrop remains uncertain at this point as possible policy pronouncements in US, cloud visibility of 
outcomes in global trade and financial markets. In the meanwhile, stronger growth momentum and high policy 
rates in US, continue to drive flow of funds towards the US Dollar assets and adding pressure to financial assets 
in the Rest of the World. Sharp shift in external landscape has triggered tighter liquidity conditions and currency 
volatility in domestic financial market as well. 
 
In the meanwhile, delayed government spending, mixed demand signals and credit squeeze has hit GDP growth 
momentum in the domestic economy. Slower urban consumption and moderate investment activity has only partly 
been offset by rural recovery, leading to a sharp dip in growth during the second quarter of FY25. Government’s 
first advance estimate of Real GDP highlights a tampered pace of economic activity in FY25 at 6.4% annual 
growth, well below the 8.2% growth in FY24. 
 
Acknowledging the headwinds to consumption demand and private investment in the economy, RBI has also 
revised down its Real GDP growth projection for current fiscal year. RBI also revised up its inflation projection, 
highlighting the challenges of bringing down the headline inflation to target level in the current fiscal year. While 
Headline inflation has seen some moderation in November and December, as improvement in mandi arrival of 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 3 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
vegetables and bumper Kharif harvest help ease price pressure of volatile components, Core CPI inflation and 
WPI have seen some uptick indicating broadening of inflationary pressure in the economy. 
 
High inflation level and lower government spending has hit the disposable income available with consumers for 
discretionary spending. Urban consumption has shown signs of fatigue with the exhaustion of pent-up demand, 
while rural consumption, despite gradual improvement, remains inadequate to offset urban drag. Unexpected 
weather events, depreciating currency and worsening of geopolitical conflicts constitute major upside risks to 
expected moderation in inflation levels going ahead. Hence monetary and fiscal policy interventions to support 
consumption are key to sustained growth recovery in H2. 
 
In the quarter ahead, we expect rural recovery to continue and hope for uptick in urban demand as inflation levels 
drift lower. Some of the squeeze in economic momentum is already reversing in Q3FY25 and fiscal support has 
picked up as well. With further fiscal and monetary support expected in the upcoming budget announcements and 
monetary policy announcements, we keenly watch for these early green shoots to turn into strong growth drivers 
in coming months. 
 
 Q3FY25 Highlights: 
I would like to share that despite the challenging operating environment in the microfinance sector, our diversified 
franchise has enabled us to achieve the highest festive quarter disbursements of ₹ 15,210 Cr, a growth of 5% 
YoY and we have been successful in sustaining the trajectory in line with the Lakshya 2026 goals. 
 
Our Retail book now stands at ₹ 92,224 Cr, a substantial growth of 23% YoY. The numbers reflect the strong 
execution engine aided by a proactive portfolio management and prudent risk management that we have put in 
place over the last couple of years, and we will continue to bolster the execution bias in every initiative we take. 
 
Many of you would have attended our Investor Digital Day in November, 2024 along with RAISE’24, our AI BFSI 
conference, where we showcased several of our technology initiatives, some of which could be transformational 
when successfully completed.  I am pleased to share that the progress on these initiatives during the last quarter 
has been satisfactory. Our next-gen credit underwriting engine ‘Project Cyclops’ was extended to 100% of 
dealerships in Two-wheeler Finance and was also launched for Farm Equipment Finance business. In our pursuit 
of innovation and fostering partnerships within the lending landscape, we established a strategic partnership with 
Amazon Pay to develop cutting-edge credit solutions, while also extending PhonePe partnership to Personal 
Loans, thereby delivering a seamless digital lending experience to our customers. 
 
Additionally, we launched Knowledgeable AI (KAI), an AI-powered chatbot that revolutionizes the home loan 
experience. Furthermore, as announced in the Investor Digital Day, we have commenced work on ‘Project 
Nostradamus’, a first of its kind AI driven automated portfolio management engine. We intend to release the beta 
version of this new technology engine in Q2FY26. 
 
As we look ahead, we remain dedicated to driving innovation and enhancing our offerings to better serve our 
customers. 
 
Update on Lakshya 2026 Goals 
Now, I would like to provide an update on our quarterly performance against the Lakshya 2026 goals: 
 
The first milestone was to achieve Retailisation of >95%. I am pleased to share that we have surpassed this 
target with 97% retailisation at the end of this quarter. 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 4 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
 
We had earlier set ourselves a retail book growth target of 25%. However, given our outlook of the business 
environment in different segments, we have consciously chosen to slow disbursements in segments where 
risk reward was not in our favour. Consequently, our retail book growth for the quarter stood at 23% YoY, a 
growth rate we are satisfied with, given the current circumstances. Specifically, as delineated in Slide No. 30, 
you will observe that in Q3FY25, our RBF disbursements were calibrated downwards to ₹ 4,599 Cr, while 
simultaneously in other business segments such as Farmer Finance, Housing Finance and Personal Loans, 
we have maintained growth trajectory based on our confidence in our new generation underwriting capabilities 
and the market potential. In particular, we have skewed our sourcing efforts towards onboarding more prime 
customers, who in general exhibit credit resilience during downward credit cycles. In line with this, in the TW 
business, 69% of our disbursement in the month of December, 2024 was to the prime segment, a number 
which has jumped to 75%+ in the elapsed timeframe in January, 2025.  
 
Thirdly, this retailisation thrust had to be credit calibrated with a goal of retail GS3 below 3% & NS3 below 
1%. I would like to inform that while the quarter witnessed an increase in slippages owing to macro challenges 
in the RBF segment, the Retail GS3 & NS3 levels stayed close to the threshold levels. The corresponding 
consol asset quality metrics in this quarter remained healthy with GS3 at 3.23% & NS3 at 0.97% (below the 
Lakshya threshold of 1%). 
 
The fourth and last milestone on RoA front, we have moved from tracking Retail RoA to Consol RoA in the 
range of 2.8%-3.0% as per our original Lakshya 2026 targets. Our Consol RoA for Q3FY25 stood at 2.27% 
down by 26bps YoY, which is a mix of two factors, i.e. a compression in NIMs + Fees on account of a 
conscious calibration in the RBF business and an increase in credit cost during the quarter. I would like to 
highlight that our credit cost over the past 12 quarters has been in the range of ~2.60% thereby displaying 
predictability across cycles. We remain confident that in accordance with the initiatives towards sourcing 
better quality customers and investing in the next-gen underwriting platform like cyclops, along with the 
improvement in macroeconomic environment will help resume our journey towards delivering 2.8 - 3.0% RoA. 
 
Executive Summary 
I would like to quickly run you through the key highlights of our performance in Q3FY25. 
 
Consol PAT of ₹ 626 Cr in Q3FY25.  
 
Despite a calibration in RBF disbursements, the retail disbursements for the quarter stood at ₹ 15,210 Cr, 
registering a growth of 5% YoY, driven mainly by robust performance exhibited by the Farmer finance, 
Housing, Personal Loans and SME segments.  
 
Retail book for Q3FY25 stood at ₹ 92,224 Cr, up by 23% YoY. Consol. book grew at 16% YoY reaching ₹ 
95,120 Cr in Q3FY25.  
 
Our 5 Pillar strategy continues to be central to our roadmap to the future. We continue to granularly execute 
the 5 Pillar strategy, details of which are available from Slide No. 12 to Slide No. 28 in the investor 
presentation. 
The year had a challenging operating environment with certain macro events viz. prolonged heat wave, severe 
floods in several states and temporary slowdown of government expenditure & grants due to general elections, 
leading to increased credit cost for Rural Group Loans (RGL) & Microfinance business (MFI) portfolio, thus 
warranting a case for utilisation of the macro prudential provisions created during COVID (FY21 and FY22). We 
estimate, based on current trends, that before utilisation of macro prudential provisions, the total credit cost in the 
RGL and MFI business will be in the range of ₹ 950 Cr – ₹ 1,000 Cr for full year FY25. In light of the above, the 
Audit Committee and the Board have approved the utilization of an amount of ₹ 100 Cr out of the macro prudential 
provisions in Q3FY25. Our advance estimate of the macro utilization in Q4 is in the range of ₹ 300 - ₹ 350 Cr 
based on a peak credit cost on the roll-forward book of Q4FY25.  
With abating of the above macro events and early green shoots of stabilization in Collection Efficiency (CE) in 
Dec’24 and Jan’25 (till date) CE being slightly better than same time last month, we anticipate an improving CE 
trajectory for RGL & MFI portfolio during Feb and Mar’25, thus signalling sustained recovery trends in this 
business. Our analysis tells us that the onset of MFIN 2.0 guardrails from April, 2025 will ultimately lead to recovery 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 5 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
of the credit profile of the sector, albeit at a marginal cost to growth. These norms would be value accretive for 
participants with high quality franchises.  
As asked by many of you in our earlier calls, we have endeavoured to give detailed portfolio cuts on our RBF 
business in the Investor Presentation. You may please refer to Slide Nos. 16 to 20 and Slide No. 35 of our Investor 
Presentation for the same.  
We are currently evaluating adopting the CGFMU credit guarantee scheme in certain geographies and segments 
to optimise the unforeseen event risks in the RBF business. We will be in a position to provide greater details 
around this in the subsequent quarters.  
 
Double Click on the 5 pillars of execution 
As mentioned earlier, I would now like to give a brief update on the 5 pillars of execution that we had enumerated 
over a year back and continue to be in implementation mode against the same. 
1. Customer Acquisition - We are continuously working on deepening the customer acquisition funnel both, 
horizontally (greater geographical coverage) as well as vertically (greater counter share at dealer points). As 
in the last quarter, this quarter as well, our focus has been on new customer acquisition, albeit with necessary 
credit adjustments to maintain the future portfolio quality. Accordingly, there has been calibrated channel 
optimisation in Two-Wheeler and Rural Business Finance vertical with sustained focus on better quality and 
under-leveraged customer acquisition. We added a total of 5.8 lacs new customers during the quarter. Further 
details around customer acquisition and repeat share are available on Slides 13 & 14 of the Investor 
Presentation. 
2. Sharpening Credit Underwriting - Our proprietary credit engine, Project Cyclops that was operationalized 
in Q1FY25 has been extended to the Tractor business (currently live with 24 Scorecards), and having been 
scaled to 100% of Two Wheeler dealerships, where it is currently live with 18 Scorecards, showcasing 
encouraging results with Net 0+ reduced by 120bps in the TW portfolio over a four month period when 
benchmarked to the Non-cyclops portfolio. Cyclops will be implemented for the Personal Loans & SME 
Business Loans in the coming quarters. 
3. Futuristic Digital Architecture - We have spoken at length on our technology initiatives on our Investor 
Digital Day and granular details on our technology initiatives have been provided for each line of business. 
Our biggest technology initiative for next financial year would be operationalizing Project Nostradamus, a 
state of the art, first in industry AI driven automated portfolio management engine. 
4. Brand Visibility - We continue to focus on brand building with Jasprit Bumrah as a brand ambassador for 
L&T Finance products. Having successfully concluded RAISE, India’s premier AI-themed event in the BFSI 
sector, which saw more than 8000 registrations and reached an engagement level of 3 lacs, we participated 
in the India Bike Week, 2024 where the unveiling of the LTF Zoom Two Wheeler Loans took place. As we 
move ahead, you will see a set of integrated marketing campaigns and targeted branding exercises in the 
upcoming quarters. 
5. Capability Building - On the capability building front, I would like to inform you that the Regional Business 
Head structure was further strengthened during the quarter with institutionalisation of periodic reviews and 
processes. Additionally, we worked upon capacitising and upgrading our infrastructure at various branches 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 6 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
across the country while also opening an integrated Tech, Operations and Data Science facility at Mahape, 
Navi Mumbai. On the employee initiatives front, we continued to work around performance and productivity 
with the introduction of integrated employee scorecards and took several employee engagement measures 
during the quarter, details of which have been provided in Slide No. 28 of the Investor Presentation. 
Update on New Product initiatives 
As part of our strategic growth roadmap, we are committed to building a well-diversified asset profile, minimising 
concentration risk on any single line of business. With that end goal in mind, we remain committed to growing our 
existing and new lines of business while also looking at synergistic opportunities. Amongst our new product 
initiatives, our team has been successfully scaling our Micro LAP, Warehouse Receipt Finance and Supply Chain 
Finance products. In the Micro LAP domain, as we shared in our Investor Digital Day, our existing distribution is 
being leveraged to upsell this secured high RoA product to the cream of our RBF customer base. The Micro LAP 
asset book has crossed the milestone of ₹ 300 Cr in Q3FY25. Some of you may recall that on our Investor Digital 
Day, we had called out a booksize of ₹ 214 Cr for this business – exciting growth, albeit on a low base. Similarly, 
our Warehouse Receipt Finance business housed under the Farmer Finance vertical has also shown encouraging 
initial traction. This business, which operates on a first of its kind completely paperless journey and digital 
workflows driven through a network of ~25 branches and presence in ~80 mandis has achieved cumulative 
disbursements of ~₹ 350 Cr in FY25 YTD. Lastly, our supply chain business housed under the SME vertical was 
launched in Q3FY25 and while it is still early days, we are optimistic that this business too can scale significantly 
and profitably. 
 
I will now request Mr. Sachinn Joshi, our CFO, to take you through the financial updates. 
 
Business as Usual updates 
Sachinn Joshi: 
 
Thank You, Sudipta. As always, I will be walking you through the financial performance of the company for the 
quarter. 
 
Quarterly Performance: 
 
Consol NIMs + Fees stood at 10.33% vs 10.86% for Q2FY25 on account of conscious shift in disbursement 
and book mix due to a challenging credit scenario in RBF 
 
Consol PAT for the quarter stood at ₹ 626 Cr 
 
Healthy quarterly retail disbursements of ₹ 15,210 Cr, up 5% YoY  
 
Retail book stands at ₹ 92,224 Cr (up 23% YoY) on the back of healthy retail disbursements during Q3FY25. 
Our Consol book stands at ₹ 95,120 Cr, up 16% YoY 
 
Consol RoA stands at 2.27%, down 26 bps YoY 
 
Consol RoE at 10.21%, down 114 bps YoY 
 
 
 
 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 7 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
Retail Businesses: 
 
Rural Business Finance 
The business registered quarterly disbursements of ₹ 4,599 Cr (down by 16% YoY), the trajectory aided by 
prudent disbursement strategy. The book size reached ₹ 26,231 Cr (down 1% QoQ and up14% YoY) in Q3FY25. 
 
Farmer Finance 
In Farmer Finance, disbursements stood at ₹ 2,495 Cr in Q3FY25 (up by 23% YoY), better than average monsoon 
and festive season demand resulted in a double-digit growth. This led to the book size reaching ₹ 15,075 Cr, 
reflecting a growth rate of 9% YoY. 
 
Urban Finance 
The segment, which comprises Two-Wheelers, Personal Loans, and Home Loans/LAP businesses, saw a 21% 
YoY jump in overall quarterly disbursements. As a result, the overall book size increased to ₹ 43,957 Cr in 
Q3FY25, translating into a 31% YoY growth. 
 
 
Two Wheelers: The TW business registered quarterly disbursements of ₹ 2,414 Cr in the quarter (down by 
5% YoY), partly due to the strengthening of documentation and credit guardrails taken by us during the quarter 
for sourcing of better quality credit tested customer and shift towards prime customers. The book size 
increased to ₹ 12,676 Cr, up 21% YoY. 
 
 
Personal Loans: In Personal Loans, we achieved disbursements of ₹ 1,642 Cr translating a growth of 94% 
YoY with the book size at ₹ 7,820 Cr, an increase of 22% YoY. During the quarter, the double-digit growth in 
this segment was led by scale up of fintech partnerships and expansion of physical distribution through the 
DSA channel with focus on salaried prime customers. Our large partnerships business has already started 
meaningfully contributing to our origination volumes. It was ~12% of the overall disbursements done during 
the month of December, up from a mere 3% contribution in September, 2024. 
 
 
HL/LAP: In Housing, we achieved quarterly disbursements at ₹ 2,475 Cr, up by 24% YoY with the book size 
at ₹ 23,461 Cr, an increase of 41% YoY, while maintaining a pristine secured portfolio performance. 
 
 
SME Finance: Our Q3FY25 disbursements stood at ₹ 1,249 Cr, up by 29% YoY. The book stood at ₹ 5,817 
Cr. The growth in business volumes was aided by building additional channels to diversify the existing 
sourcing funnels.  
 
Let me now hand over the call back to Sudipta to make his closing statements 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Q3FY25 has been a challenging quarter for the entire industry. Our teams have worked extremely hard to deliver 
a reasonable outcome for us. We are cautiously optimistic that the worst is behind us, and we are hopeful, going 
into our annual business planning exercise for FY26, that we will be able to continue delivering on our promises 
of asset growth, profitability and RoA. 
I thank you all for a patient hearing. The floor is now open to questions. 
 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 8 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
Moderator: 
  
We will now begin the question-and-answer question. The first question comes from the line of Saket Chheda 
with DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Saket Chheda: 
  
Congrats on a pretty good set of numbers, more so on MFI front, where we have been meaningfully better versus 
peers. So, my query was on one of the notes to accounts, wherein we have mentioned about ₹ 250 Cr of provision 
reversed to P&L account, as is mentioned. But when we see the credit cost ex of the overlay also, it seems that 
the benefit has not been taken into P&L. So, has that been reserved for the SRs that we would have received 
against the ARC sale? Just a clarity on that is what I would request. 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
 
Saket, there was a disruption in between. We lost majority part of the question. So, for the benefit of others on 
the call, can you repeat the question once again? 
 
Saket Chheda: 
  
Sir, my question was regarding the ARC sale related notes to accounts, wherein we have mentioned about ₹ 250 
Cr of provision reversed to P&L. But when I see the credit cost ex of overlay also, it doesn't seem that we have 
taken that benefit. So, is it that we have reserved that ₹ 250 Cr, which was available for the reversal against the 
SRs that we have. And once that SRs get monetized, that's the time when it will be reversed on P&L? 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Yes. Thank you, Saket. Thank you for asking the question. There have been some queries on this. You are right. 
Actually, as per the Ind AS accounting, we cannot take whenever transfer of assets happens to ARC. The 
provision reversal is just a routine item, which comes as a credit. But 85% of whatever asset goes to the ARC 
comes back as an investment on the book. So, in this particular case, ₹ 250 Cr got first credited, it got reversed 
to the P&L. And then the same amount of provision was created when the SRs were created on the books of the 
85%. 
I will just enumerate the exact chronology and the numbers that have been shown over there. So, ₹ 776.37 Cr 
was the principal outstanding of the loan transfer. This was the POS. The EAD against this was ₹ 815 Cr, and 
this ₹ 815 Cr of asset was actually sold at a gain at ₹ 833 Cr. So about ₹ 18-odd Cr of gain was made on this. 
And 75% of this ₹ 833 Cr was actually booked as an investment, which comes to ₹ 708 Cr. So, against this ₹ 708 
Cr, we have, first of all, adjusted the profit made on this because that also cannot be taken to the P&L. So, ₹ 18 
Cr was adjusted. And the ₹ 250 Cr, which was reversed to the P&L, was also adjusted against this. So totally, ₹ 
268 Cr has been adjusted against the ₹ 708 Cr of SR value. And the net carrying value in our books as of 31st 
December stands at ₹ 440 Cr. Because both the assets on the loan book also is being accounted through the 
FVTPL route and the investments are also accounted for in the same way, you can't see the actual provision 
which has been made, which has actually got subsumed into the financials. Maybe by when we do the 31st March 
full-fledged financial, this will be visible. 
But yes, you're absolutely right that there was no credit taken and adjusted against the credit cost. This is just a 
setting off, just getting reversed from loan book and getting again adjusted towards the SR security receipts, which 
has been booked in the books. I hope it clarifies. 
 
Saket Chheda: 
  
Yes. And this was a real estate account, right? 
 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 9 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
That's right. 
 
Saket Chheda: 
  
Sure sir. That’s all from my side. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Digant Haria with GreenEdge Wealth. Please go ahead. 
 
Digant Haria: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Two questions, Sudipta. First is that you mentioned that in Tractor and Two-
wheeler, we have significantly reduced the risk by going more towards the prime segment. So, when I look at your 
provisioning, even if I remove the whole microfinance-related provisions of ₹ 170 Cr this quarter, we are roughly 
at a run rate of, say, ₹ 400 Cr - ₹ 450 Cr of provisions for the quarter for the rest of the business. So, do you think 
that the benefits of this whole moving towards prime and this better underwriting, all of this is already showing in 
the provisions number or the credit cost can still go down further in the non-MFI part of the business. That's my 
question one. 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Okay. So yes, Digant, in the sense that the full benefit of all the work that we have been doing is still not visible 
because it's a gradual process. You have a legacy portfolio at a particular credit profile and you have this new 
portfolio coming in at a lower credit cost trajectory. Obviously, the new portfolio has to build and the old portfolio 
has to wash out for the entire benefit of this to be visible. So, I would reckon that it will take a couple of more 
quarters for this to be fully visible. It is not fully visible yet. However, internally, when we monitor the credit 
performance of the new portfolio vis-a-vis some parts of the legacy portfolio, that is already visible to us, but it will 
take a couple of more quarters to fully fructify. 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
So just to add in terms of numbers, if you recall, in the previous quarter, we had made a mention that there were 
a couple of steps taken, especially on the Farm portfolio, we had stopped the repossession at 90 plus. And there 
will be an impact on account of this through the roll forwards for a couple of quarters. I think by Q4, that impact 
should get over. So, one is on the Farm portfolio, this is the impact. On the Two-wheeler, the Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 
4, those kind of cities, the impact which you saw in the Microloan piece, we talked about the rural, there was some 
impact on account of heat wave and all across the country. So Two-wheeler also, after Sudipta has come in, we 
have already changed the strategy and started moving towards prime. And as we speak, I think 49% to 50% of 
our book now is prime. The impact on the credit cost will start as this book starts seasoning, you will start seeing 
the impact coming into the P&L. And I think 2 to 3 quarters is what perhaps we will take to see the complete 
benefit of the pristine quality of the Two-wheeler book, which is being built now. 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
And Digant, if you see we have put in two additional slides this quarter in the investor deck, which is Slide #23 
and Slide #24 where we have given our indexed representation of Two-wheeler portfolio bounce. And you will see 
that our Two-wheeler portfolio bounce is already at about on an index basis at 84% in December 2024 compared 
to 100 index in December 2023. So, it is also trending down. And if you look at our sort of net non-starter in our 
Farm equipment finance business which is basically the number of people who bounce their first EMI. That is at 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 10 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
25% level compared to the same number in December 2023. That means in December 2023, 100 people bounced 
the first EMI. In December 2024, only 25 people bounce the first EMI. So, we put this as an index form just to sort 
of demonstrate the better-quality portfolio that we have been focusing on building. I mean how some of it is 
showing up in the leading indicators, which is the bounce rate. We consider bounce rate being the leading indicator 
of credit quality and that is currently trending well. Obviously, this over a period of a couple of quarters will find its 
way into the credit performance because as the new portfolio builds with these better credit parameters that should 
obviously translate into lower credit costs. 
 
Digant Haria: 
Perfect. Thank you so much for that detailed answer. Second question is on -- Sudipta, on this whole -- this NIMs 
+ Fees guidance we have it in the corridor of 10% to 11%. But now, let's see, we have done quite well in 
microfinance versus competition or versus what the general sector is. But that also, maybe next two, three 
quarters the growth may not be as strong as it was in the past. So obviously, that fees and the fees plus interest 
income is highest in that division. How do we compensate that given that we are seeing more growth in the LAP 
home loan portfolio which are obviously at much lower IRR. So how does this whole trade-off work for the next 
12 months? And then is the ₹ 100 Cr extra Opex that we saw in this quarter related to collection efforts in 
Microfinance division? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. So I'll give you the first -- the answer to the Opex question that's very straightforward. The fact is that this 
being the festive quarter, we had certain festive-related spends. Secondly, as you are aware and we had informed 
in the last quarter that we have actually -- we beefed up our collections workforce. So that has got an additional 
component of expense plus there were certain technology-related expense during this quarter because we have 
been operationalizing Cyclops across all our lines of business. So, these are the three primary main drivers for 
some of the increased opex that we have seen this quarter. And so on the NIMs + Fees, yes, there is no easy 
answer to this. This is a journey that we have told that we are going to travel. And obviously, it's sort of the ongoing 
credit challenges in the microfinance sector. Obviously, it does not help us sort of -- does not smoothen the journey 
for us. Obviously, there are a couple of things to this.  
First and foremost thing is that we have to increase our fee base. We are working on increasing our insurance 
penetration. Right now we do insurance only at origination. However, we have a full institution insurance distributor 
license right now. Now we can sell through the life cycle. That team is building. We are putting together a 
technology platform for the same. So, we are hopeful that over the next couple of quarters, some more of those 
fee revenues will come in. 
In terms of growth, we are trying to grow our slightly higher yield secured business, for example, our micro LAP 
business though albeit on a small base, we are trying to grow it. We already have 80 branches. We are going to 
grow it much more in the next couple of quarters. You can see that personal loans have been growing quite well. 
Personal loans on a quarter-on-quarter basis has -- on a year-on-year basis has grown by about 94%. Our large 
partnerships are scaling up well. And one of the things we have noticed is that in terms of digital delivery 
sometimes you can sort of work on increasing your interest yield without losing too much of expense on that. So, 
we'll work on some part of nullifications through our personal loans growth. And we are hopeful that even though 
certain markets of the -- in the RBF business, JLG business, there is stress. There are certain virgin markets 
where actually, you can safely grow. And I can give you example. There are certain markets that we have ventured 
into in the last couple of quarters, new markets like AP and Telangana, our collection efficiency is 100%. And we 
continue to sort of judiciously deploy our branches there. We are focusing on Western UP where collections 
efficiency trends well. We are focusing on Western Maharashtra where collection efficiency trends well. So, we 
are finding those pockets in the JLG business where our collection efficiency is trending well and where we can 
do safe non-leverage business. So, it's a tight balancing act. And I do believe that it will not be easy, but we will 
try to definitely be within that corridor. Obviously, there is one large sort of part wherein if now possible RBI rate 
cut or a couple of cuts were to come next year, that will probably ease the challenge a little bit, but we cannot 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 11 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
obviously count on that completely. So overall, a couple of irons in the fire and we will continue to work towards 
sort of that trajectory. 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Digant just to add, in terms of the overall modeling. Yes, we -- last quarter we had mentioned that it could be in 
the range of 10.5% to 11%. But directionally, just like to your earlier question, we were talking about how we are 
moving more towards prime. So, what would happen directionally over a period of time, maybe the NIMs + Fees 
it may actually be slightly downwards. But at the same time the opex plus credit cost also will move downwards. 
So, the RoA which is if you're actually derisking yourself of bringing down the risk, you will find that the RoA will 
overall adjust. So, the whole RoA tree would possibly move left, where you will have -- you will see that the 10.5% 
to 11% may actually come down slightly. But at the same time, you will find that the operating expenses because 
of the productivity levels would increase and the overall opex as a percentage of the book as well as credit cost 
as a percentage of book on account of the steps being taken may move downwards. Thus, actually impacting the 
RoA only positively. So, we will still stick to over a period of time, the RoA directionally to be in that corridor of 
2.8% to 3%. But the all other numbers may -- the percentage terms, they may actually change for the better 
because we will have a much stronger book which maybe slightly lower yields, but coupled with steps which we 
will be taking, as Sudipta mentioned, there will be other line items of fees and all which will get added. There will 
be new businesses or products that we may get into over a period of time which we will start working on the next 
full year business plan and we would possibly come back to all of you at the end of -- when the results for Q4 
come. 
 
Digant Haria: 
Thank you so much for the detailed answer. Thanks Sachinn and Sudipta. All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kunal Shah of Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. Thanks for taking the question. So firstly, maybe if you can just highlight how much has been the write-off, 
particularly on the Two-wheeler and PL because outside of MFI also we are seeing a slightly higher stress out 
there. And still, in terms of the growth in PL that seems to be quite aggressive. So, would we look at pulling back 
growth at any point in time because of the higher delinquencies in PL? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Kunal, I'll take the PL growth question and then Sachinn will give you -- take the rest of the part of the question. 
See, PL we are very clear that we will not do PL to any leveraged segment or any non-prime segment. Our growth 
in PL primarily is coming from prime salaried segment. So, if you see our DSA, we do 99% salaries in our DSA 
channel. If you look at our large partnership, our target in large partnerships is towards prime salaried. In fact, 
some of the metrics are absolutely clean in this business. So, we are very clear that our PL scale-up will be very 
risk calibrated. See, on a percentage terms it might seem high, but from an actual quantum perspective we are 
still doing about ₹ 550 Cr to ₹ 600 Cr of PL a month which is not very large. So, we are gradually scaling up this 
business and the metrics are currently absolutely okay. As long as -- we do believe that as long as we do prime 
salaried business with a sharp eye on both aggregate debt burden as well as unsecured exposure overall metrics 
we should be fine. And we are implementing Cyclops for PL also this quarter. Parallelly, SME and PL Cyclops 
we're implementing this quarter. So as PL and SME Cyclops get implemented this quarter, the unsecured 
business will, I believe will be run in a far, far more safer fashion. 
 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 12 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Hi Kunal. Sachinn here. Yes. On the write-offs, usually we don't give these numbers. Last quarter we gave the 
number as an exception, but the overall write-off like we mentioned on the call previously is a function of -- it's a 
technical write-off because any asset which gets provided up to 100%, there is a pool of assets which are taken 
up for writing off in the book. But at the same time, that does not mean that business stops the efforts on collection 
all those things. 
So yes, RBF, you have seen that the roll forwards have been happening. And out of that pool, last quarter we had 
given -- we had specifically clarified that the whole write-off was not RBF. All I would like to say is that it is 
distributed amongst products. So, it is not one business where the write-offs are very high. About ₹ 300 Cr, I can 
share for the micro loan piece is what we wrote off. And rest all the businesses have been almost equitably done. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. So more in terms of the credit cost, not particularly write-off, but if you have to look at it like credit cost is 
very clear this time in terms of how much MFI is contributing. And maybe you indicated that from the wholesale 
side there seems to be like zero impact, no recoveries and no provisioning during the quarter. So how would be 
the breakup there between, particularly Two-wheeler, tractor and consumer loans? 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
See, on the Digant's question we already responded to this. That for a couple of quarters, Farm, Two-wheeler 
and PL will see some challenge. And thereafter, you will start seeing things changing for the better because 
whatever challenges we have faced in the first quarter are not restricted just to rural business. I mean the election 
time as well as the heat wave, all this led to liquidity going out of the market, led to a situation of overleveraging 
and there has been an impact across businesses. The most was felt, of course, in the micro loan market, but the 
other businesses have also got impacted to a level. Plus at the same time, we have been directionally moving 
ourselves more towards prime and all. So, like we called out in the last quarter, it will be two to three quarters of 
some pain which will be -- and it is not just one particular business. What I -- what we would like to highlight is it's 
not one business which is going through a major turmoil or anything. It's just that certain key activities like Farm 
on account of repo stoppage, Two-wheeler because of some challenges in certain states are the reasons why the 
credit costs have been slightly on the higher side. (The pain may be perceived in the context of current BAU credit cost 
versus prospective improved credit cost outcome that may be expected under ‘Project Cyclops’ in the Two-wheeler and Farm 
businesses) 
 
 
 
Kunal Shah: 
No, the reason was the repayment rate in Two-wheeler was quite high. If we look at it ₹ 2,400 Cr of disbursements 
and the portfolio staying flat, so that suggests a very high -- maybe the rundown rate. So just wanted to check, is 
it like a relatively higher credit cost and write-off in Two-wheeler which is particularly leading to that. Primarily, that 
was the question. 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
That is not the case. The write-off has been -- as I mentioned across all the three, four products they are 
distributed. So, no specific major hit in one particular product. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
So, rundown could be on account of? 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 13 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes, Kunal, if you would recall, we had started sort of the prime movement in Two-wheeler journey sometime last 
year, -- in September of last year when we started moving in towards the prime of Two-wheeler. So, actually some 
part of that, actually, if you look at our portfolio, 49% of our Two-wheeler portfolio is prime which is basically half 
of our Two-wheeler portfolio is now prime.  
And on an incremental basis, as I said, in the month of January almost 75% of the through-the-door disbursement 
in Two-wheeler is prime. So around April and May we saw some spike in Two-wheeler delinquencies along with 
-- which is a contiguous product along the microfinance business, but we saw also stabilization of the same around 
August-September, we saw stabilization around the same. And the downward trajectory continues and which is 
also demonstrated by the portfolio bounce rate sort of indexed representation we have given in Slide 23. And we 
are very, very confident that whatever credit costs that we have seen happen in Q2 and Q3 in the Two-wheeler 
business will -- is on a sharp, downward trajectory over the next couple of quarters. 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Kunal, just to add, I was just looking at the numbers after you gave the breakup of Two-wheelers. What has 
happened, this was a festive quarter. And there is a trade advance book we -- usually advances are given to the 
dealers. So, there is a trade advance book which has reduced by ₹ 350 Cr close to. So that is one impact because 
of which you are seeing that. That is specifically for this quarter. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Thanks. So that's perfect, yes. So, I think trade advances unwinding is leading to that. Thanks, and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Mahrukh Adajania with Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Hi, I had a question that lenders plus -- 3 plus lenders is around 7% and then 4 plus is around 2.5%? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
2.5% is LTF plus 4, if we take the entire block LTF plus 4 up to whatever is the whole block is 4%. 
 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Yes. So, if you just take LTF plus 4, which I guess is 2.5%, not 5, 6. And then if you take LTF plus 3 that's 7%. So 
basically, you have a gap of 5%-5.5% which we will have to convert by April 1. So, your call on peaking of credit 
cost is driven by the fact that this 5.5% will reduce to near zero or how do we think about it? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
See, Mahrukh, on this you have to look at that, that it has been resolving itself quite well from 10% in quarter 1 
FY25, it has come down to 7%. So, you can see that on an average, on a quarter basis, average has been 1.5% 
resolution on an average on a quarter basis. And the collection efficiency on this pool is also at 98.7%, the 
collection efficiency. The collection percentage efficiency is not extremely bad on this. 
Now one of the things that we have to keep in mind that from April 1, the MFIN overall 2 lacs leverage guideline 
comes into play which has more of an impact on disbursement actually rather than an immediate follow through 
impact on repayment capability of the customer. So, what we expect is that this number which is there that 4% 
and that 2.5% to orderly wind down over the next couple of quarters. Anyway, we have pushed in about additional 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 14 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
900 collectors on the ground. And one of the focus of those additional 900 collectors is to focus on the geographies 
where collection intensity is needed. So that effort is already continuing and we are reasonably confident that this 
-- the 7% plus 2.5% number will be reasonably wound down over the next maybe max 2 to 2.5 quarters. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Got it. But basically if the run rate is 1.5% then it would require three quarters to wind down or it does not work 
that arithmetic? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
See one of the things that, Mahrukh, you have to keep in mind that the entire portfolio is not bad. The 7% portfolio 
as a 98.7% is close to 99% collection efficiency. So, a majority of the part of the portfolio is good. So, there is -- 
we need not panic on the portfolio that is good. A small part of the portfolio has stress and the focus should be on 
that small part of the portfolio. 
 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Got it. Okay. Makes sense. And then just one clarification on the SR provision. So, the reversal and the additional 
provision that accounting is done through the same line of provision? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. That's right. 
 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Thank You. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Saurabh Kumar with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.  
 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Sir, just two questions. One is on the microfinance portfolio. Number one, what's the write-off policy and just in 
terms of number of customers, what will be the collection efficiency like how many of your customers are fully 
paying right now? 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
On the first part, like I mentioned earlier when a question was being asked. So, write-off policy, actually once any 
asset is fully provided to the extent of 100%, it is -- it qualifies for a write-off and the write-off is more like a technical 
write-off for us because after the write-off also the efforts do not come down. 
The write-off policy, specifically on micro loans, the provisioning of 100% is the moment it crosses 90 DPD. For 
all the other products, it all depends on the ECL model has been built in where the 100% provisioning happens 
based on a particular DPD. The actual write-off in the book happens basically the finance takes a call on when 
the technical write-off has to be done in the books like I mentioned earlier also. But the effort on account of write-
off should not be linked to the fact that we will stop pursuing those customers in terms of collection. So, we also 
have reasonable collections happening out of the assets which have been written off. 
 
 
 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 15 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
Saurabh Kumar: 
So, if you can just detail, sir, micro finance is of 90 days 100%, where will personal loans and where will Two-
wheelers be to reach 100%? 
 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Sorry, can you repeat that? 
 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Microfinance, you provide 100% at 90 days. When do you provide 100% on PL and on Two-wheelers? 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
No, that's the ECL model. So, it's pretty -- it takes -- I will have to check on that. On the other piece which you 
talked about, whether it really is relevant on counts it's not relevant. What is important is actually how is the 
customer levered and that we have already shared. During our Digital Day also we clearly mentioned the portfolio 
that we have how levered it is. Ours is the least levered book that we have. 
 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Sir, my related question was your fee includes over dues. So basically, what I was trying to get is, essentially, all 
the customers which are paying on time, so the balance will be basically part paying or non-paying and that 
basically creates your overdue risk. So, I just wanted to know if your collection efficiency is 99%. In terms of 
customers, how much will it be? Is it 97%? Is it 98%? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. So, in terms of collection efficiency first it does not include over dues. We report zero DPD collection 
efficiency. And in terms of the number of customers, it is 99.22% is correct. 
 
Saurabh Kumar: 
And including over dues? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes, 99.22% and they are number of customers. 
 
Saurabh Kumar: 
All right. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nischint Chawathe with Kotak Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Thanks for taking my question. One was on project Cyclops. You said that Cyclops is implemented in Two-
wheelers and we are now looking at implementing it in personal loans and SME. So, I mean, I was just curious 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 16 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
why would you sort of scale up the book just as yet. You probably implement Cyclops and then kind of scale it 
up? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
So just to think, Cyclops we have already implemented in Two-wheeler 100%. And in tractor it is implemented. It 
is live. We are scaling up the number of dealer coverage slowly. The SME and personal loans we are at advanced 
stage, it's a stage of readiness to deploy. And the current sourcing that we are doing, we are very confident of the 
current quality of sourcing. We're only doing absolutely super-prime salaried customers where the net non-starter 
number is as low as 40 basis points. So, this is not the number that we normally give out, but I'm giving out the 
number because you asked the question. In December on our new salaried sourcing, our net non-starter number 
was only 40 basis points. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So, does it mean that after implementing Cyclops, you'll probably go towards slightly one segment lower or 
something of that sort? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
No. See the thing is that - see Cyclops is designed in such a way that it targets a target PD. So, once we put the 
PD then the customers who qualify in the portfolio mix towards that PD is only what will go through. We are at any 
point in time not saying that it will help us go towards a more riskier mix. So that is not the -- in fact, one of our 
guiding principles of our personal loans business is that we will do our personal loans business with a majority 
salaried profile. That will be the profile of our personal loan business. 
Cyclops helps us to sharpen the credit outcome in that segment even further. Cyclops, I'll tell you in terms of it's 
-- the maximum benefit for Cyclops will come in case of our Two-wheeler business and the Farm business and 
the SME business primarily because this business has a large content of customers who are new to credit and 
large customers of content who are thin bureau. So, the way the Cyclops is constructed, it helps actually 
underwrite NTC and thin bureau much better. Whereas in personal loans we are actually going for customers with 
a little thicker bureau track. So probably the alpha on Cyclops in personal loans will probably be of an order of 
magnitude slightly lower than that we are seeing in the Two-wheeler business or in the Farm business. So, on the 
personal loan business, it's age-old experience that is driving the current sort of growth momentum. And though 
on a percentage basis again I'm repeating myself though on a percentage basis the number might look large, but 
on a real absolute amount basis ₹ 550 Cr of qualified salaried personal loans a month is not really a very large 
number. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. I mean, since we are on this maybe as a one-off, can you share the yield and ticket size in personal loan 
segment? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Average ticket in personal loan is just ₹ 2.5 lacs and the average yield is about 17% on it. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. Just one more curious thing, any specific reason for change in Chief Risk Officer? 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Actually, we have already put the... 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 17 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
So, the departure of the -- for better opportunities necessitated his change. 
 
 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. And just one last data keeping question. You mentioned that you added 900 collection officers in the micro 
loans business. So, what is the aggregate number as we speak? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
In micro loans business the guy who sells is the guy who collects. Overall, just a second I'll take overall everyone 
is a collector and everyone sells, but specifically in terms of collection it will be about 2,500 people. So, there are 
two things. In our micro loans business, we have the normal regular 1,200 -- for collections, 1,200 additional for 
collections. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. So basically we have the normal kind of microfinance employees who are collecting. In addition to that, you 
have... 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
It's a hard bucket collection team. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
That's around 1,200 which we have put up for the first time? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
That's right. We have added to it. We had it, we have added to it. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
No, that's what I'm saying. How much did you have and how much have you added that was my question? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
So, overall addition of people in the micro finance team has been about 900. Now some of them have been 
deployed in the regular course of work. Some of them have been added to the hard bucket collections team. The 
reason, for example, let's take this example. In a micro -- in a meeting center you currently have five people. 
These five people are servicing 1,000 accounts. So, on average, accounts per collector is 200. We wanted to 
bring down the accounts per collector in a meeting center. So, what we did is with the 900 people that we added, 
some portion of the 900 people went to our regular meeting centers such that our accounts per collector have 
come down. Our account per collector came down from 560 to 480. And a small portion of the 900 was deployed 
to the hard collections bucket team. Is my answer understood? 
 
 
 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 18 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
I think this helps. Yes. Perfect. I think we understand the magnitude of how people have been deployed. Thank 
you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal with Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So, my most questions have been answered. Just 2 questions that I had. First thing is, Sudipta sir, in MFI so what 
we have put out in our presentation, your peak credit costs are likely going to come in 4Q. So, first thing is, can 
you explain why is that? Now why I ask this is, what you have said, if you actually provide 100% on MFI loans 
after their 90 DPD and maybe technically write them off, and if your collection efficiencies are incrementally getting 
better in December and January, then why is it that our peak credit cost should come in the fourth quarter? 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Abhijit, let me take this. So usually, the credit cost comes with a lag of a quarter, because whatever the -- we have 
already disclosed the collection efficiencies, the way they panned out in October, November and December. From 
99.43%, it came down to 99.26%, finally it ended with 99.39% in December. 
So, when the collection efficiency comes down, which was the case for 2 months, October and November, there 
will be roll forwards, which will actually keep happening. And also the roll forwards happening out of the previous 
quarter customers. So whatever roll forward finally happen, net of the collections, because the collection effort is 
still on, right, those will ultimately lead to a credit cost panning out, because the moment these customers move 
to 90-plus bucket, we will have to start providing for. So, as we are seeing a sign that December has actually 
improved vis-a-vis November, we have said that there is -- we believe that what may happen assuming that this 
trend continues in Jan, Feb and March, the collection efficiencies as they start improving, the roll forward will slow 
down. And hence in the first quarter of next financial year, the roll forward will slow down compared to quarter 4. 
So, on relative terms, we have mentioned that quarter 4 may turn out to be the highest in terms of the credit cost. 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. So, the vintage flows tend to get bunched up, because you have stabilization efforts continuously going on. 
And then so some customers get stabilized, some customers roll forward for 1 month and then roll back. So, this 
process continues. And typically, what happens in retail portfolios, most of this, when the deceleration starts within 
a period of time, they tend to get bunched up at one particular point of time where across a couple of months, you 
see high credit costs and then the curve shoots downwards. We expect that the peak of this curve will happen 
sometime between January, February and March, and that is why the advanced estimate of macro utilization that 
we have given for Q4. 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
So, Abhijit just one more piece. We are all aware of the one more guardrail, which is to be implemented by MFIN, 
which will be effective 1st of April. We will have this, and this is going to be across the industry. We already 
responded to one of the questions earlier that we will have to wait and watch how this guardrail impacts at -- 
because the impact is going to be across the whole customer base in the industry. So, we'll have to wait and 
watch on that. Again, the players who have least levered customers will be benefiting out of this compared to 
customer -- companies who have high levered customers in respective buckets that we have shared in our 
presentation. So, we will have to see what will be the impact of that. But barring that, if the trend continues, if the 
December trend continues into Jan, Feb, March, then what we mentioned would prevail. 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 19 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. And just a follow-up on that, given that we are still looking forward to this MFIN guardrail implementation 
from April and whatever you just highlighted, can there be a scenario that this MFI stress or MFI credit cost, which 
we think will peak out for us in 4Q, can spill over to the next financial year as well? 
 
 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
So see, the guardrail initially was supposed to be implemented from 1st of January. So, pushing it to 1st of April 
is going to only support all the industry players, and it will also help customers figure out ways and means of 
making repayments and getting alternate sources available. 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. So let me add to that. See, we can't crystal ball gaze as to what will happen. But the fact is that given the 
fact that in general, the Kharif arrivals have been good, there is reasonable amount of liquidity which is building 
up. The Rabi sowing has been very, very good. So, we expect that in month of March and April, when the Rabi 
crop comes, it will also be reasonably good, which will -- augurs well for the liquidity. 
We expect that there will be a soft landing, but we will have to wait and watch. As Sachinn said, the players with 
the better franchises will benefit because they have the non-levered customer. So, the disbursement impact on 
repeats, etc., will not be impacted that much, especially for their exclusive customers. And I would like to point 
out that we have a very high proportion of exclusive customers our Pragati customers. Who are again relatively 
non-levered. So, we are hopeful that the entire industry will have a soft landing post April and -- but we'll have to 
see how it pans out. 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. And just one last question. Because you just mentioned the better franchises. So just trying to understand 
in the past, even in our presentation, we have called out that we picked up this leveraging early and which is 
where maybe we slowed down or maybe we didn't go after leveraged customers? Just trying to understand, I 
mean, over the course of these last 6-9 months, have you had a chance to understand if our model in rural 
business finance or MFI, is it different from the other peers, which has helped us deliver better asset quality 
outcomes than the industry? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
See, I think I cannot comment on what others have. But I will say some of the underpinnings of discipline that we 
follow and which obviously is up to the investor and analysts community to analyze and benchmark with others. 
One of the things that we do is that, obviously, we do not rely on third-party origination of MFI loans. All our MFI 
loans and JLG loans are originated by our own people. We have a very close connect with the village distribution 
that are on ground. The second thing which we have is that obviously, we have a very, very tight leverage. And 
as I've told earlier, from January itself, we started tightening our leverage conditions and started letting go off 
some portion of the repeat. The last thing is -- third thing is that we have a very strong RCU network and a branch 
process vertical who goes and every loan that the field level process books, there is a second level check. And 
out of the second level check, there's a sample of third-level check. So actually, it almost goes through a 3-level 
check before the loan is granted. 
The second thing is that some of the discipline that we have been following for many, many years, for example, if 
a particular meeting center dips below 98% collection efficiency, we immediately stop disbursement there and 
focus collection there. Now this is a hard guardrail. That means in a meeting center if collection efficiency were to 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 20 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
drop between 98%, the app freezes for those field-level officers. Even if they want, they can't onboard a single 
loan in that particular meeting center. And then the focus entirely shifts towards collections.  
And last but not the least, we have extensive data analytics for geo selection and expansion. We only go in areas 
where we think has got less non-levered customers wherein, we can get non-leverage customers onboard. 
So -- and the last thing is that we also, because we understood that the industry was getting slightly leveraged, 
we said that we will invest in a channel that gets non-leveraged and fresh customers, which we call our FSO 
channel or Fresh Sourcing Officer channel. Now we have reasonable amount of people in about -- approximately 
1,000 people, give or take a couple of 50 or 100 here and there. We have approximately 1,000 people which we 
call fresh sourcing officers whose only job is to get fresh loan non-leveraged customers and to get into villages 
that are non-penetrated. 
So, in a way, the business has been structurally designed to go after non-leveraged customers. And wherever 
there has been instance of leverage, the business has been structurally designed to take a pause before business 
starts again. This provides an automatic inbuilt what I call a speed governor mechanism, right, wherein you are 
not allowed to speed up in an area where you have sort of worrying asset quality, whereas in areas where you 
have rather non-leveraged assets or opportunities sitting, the organization is designed to speed up on that areas, 
albeit safely. So in a way, it is for the entire investor analyst community to benchmark and see whether this sort 
of practices of ours has helped us sort of keep us relatively in a straight path during this trying period. And only 
time will tell as to who are the ones who have better franchises and who are the ones who do not have. 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. Thank you for the detailed answer. Thank you and wish you and your team the very best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Chintan Shah with ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Chintan Shah: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. So firstly, just continuing on the insurance piece. I think we mentioned we 
increased the share of insurance in the overall income. So currently, what would be the total percentage of 
insurance income in the total fee income pool? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Can I have that number? I don't have this. Just give us a couple of seconds. Do you have -- if you can give us -- 
I don't have the number handy instantly, so... 
 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. And sir, on the margins front... 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Insurance fee -- insurance as a percentage of average book would be about -- roughly average over the last 3 
quarters would be about 1%. 
 
Chintan Shah: 
1%? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 21 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
Yes. 
 
Chintan Shah: 
Okay. Sure. And sir, on the margins front, I think we mentioned, given the rate cut, there would be some benefit 
flowing over there. So, in terms of our fixed book also largely what percentage of the book would be fixed in 
nature? 
 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Entirely almost. 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Yes, except for home loan, all the other pieces will be fixed. 
 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. And also, on the PL part, I think you mentioned we have an average ticket size of ₹ 2,50,000 and a yield of 
17%. And so what would be the tenure -- your average tenure also for these loans typically? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
About 30 months. See, we are in the business of prime PL. We do not do STPL or anything like that. Absolute 
prime salaried PL. 
 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. And sir, just lastly, to dwell up on the RoA piece again. So, I think for quarter, we reported 2.3% and we are 
gradually looking at 2.8% to 3%. So given that our yields will contract and similarly, the credit cost or opex would 
contract and resultant benefit on RoA. So how does that RoA move from 2.3% to 2.8%? So, more benefits come 
from the income piece or the opex piece? And on the leverage, then what would be the optimal leverage that we 
would be targeting? 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Chintan, I think it's slightly premature talking about because these couple of quarters are an aberration. We have 
spoken earlier about the RoA trajectory that we wanted to move on. Now there is some shift which is happening. 
There is some impact, specifically which has come up. So, I think 2 to 3 quarters, you will have to live with this 
aberration, which would mean, as I mentioned earlier, the 2.8% to 3% is what our targeted RoA. Now this was 
part of our Lakshya'26 strategy. If there are going to be a few challenging quarters, maybe it will move in a couple 
of quarters down the line. But directionally, we still want to achieve that. We will be working -- as I mentioned, we 
will be working on the business plan for the next financial year and also a long-term plan for the next 5 years. If 
there is a change in this, as part of those discussions, we'll come back. But at this point of time, we are still fixated 
on the fact that 2.8% to 3% is directionally what we are looking at. It may just -- if there are a couple of quarters 
which are challenging, it may just move ahead by a couple of quarters. That's it.  
 
Chintan Shah: 
So that is helpful. And just last thing on the leverage part. So, what could be the optimum or best leverage we 
could be looking at? 
 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 22 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Debt equity of 5:1 is what we would like to be at. But there is -- we are right now at 3.4. So as a AAA, I don't think 
we would want to go beyond that at this point and the leverage will be 6 then. 
 
 
Chintan Shah: 
So that is very helpful. Yes and that's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Abhishek Murarka with HSBC. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Congratulations for the performance. So just in terms of markers, trying to look at all the conversation that has 
happened so far, looks like GS2, at least Gross Stage 2, that should start showing improvement or at least that 
should not increase going forward, right? Because GS3 might go up or write-offs might go up, but forward flows 
into GS2 should not happen? And also looking at your net non-starters and the bounce rate you have shared for 
Two-wheeler, Farm, it looks like things should improve there. So ideally, GS2 should not increase from here. Is 
that a correct understanding? 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
See it will all depend on -- specifically for micro loan, as we mentioned, that we have seen some green shoot. We 
have seen some improvement coming up in December, right? But I think we have to wait for a couple of months 
more to see whether directionally it is panning out. So, at this point of time, we would not really want to commit 
that Stage 2, nothing will be there because there are various businesses and all these businesses are in sort of 
in a transition. So there is part of the book, which has moved towards prime. There is part of the book, which is 
still from the earlier -- before the strategy was changed. So at this point of time, I would just like in case you are 
asking this question from modeling point of view, I would say that you should continue holding on to the 
assumptions because we will still need some kind of visibility coming out of this challenging time, which I think is 
1 or 2 quarters away, post which we will be more -- we can possibly talk more firmly on how stage 1, stage 2, 
stage 3 would really pan out. But we believe the credit cost and all would be in line with the last 1 or 2 quarters. 
 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Okay. No, I was just trying to understand the direction of NPA and therefore credit cost to try and understand why 
it would remain elevated for 2 quarters when you're showing good numbers on bounce rate and maybe... 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Yes, because the seasoning takes time, the Two-wheeler and Farm, as Sudipta mentioned, only the Two-wheeler 
book, and that too over a period of a few quarters has moved from 0 to almost 100% over on Cyclops. Farm, we 
have just begun. We are yet to start off on the PL. So -- and then SME. 
So, till the time this whole transition does not happen, you will -- we cannot pinpoint at this particular quarter. It 
will be business by business, right? Maybe 1 year down the line, once every product moves on to Cyclops, then 
we will be able to say firmly that, yes, now the transition has been over and the credit cost now will follow a 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 23 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
particular trend. But until that time, I think -- and then we also have a challenging time on the micro loan front, 
where we have a ₹ 26,000 Cr book. So, I think all these factors are leading to a situation where it will be difficult 
to specifically say the challenging time will -- on the other businesses, the credit cost has been slightly elevated 
for various reasons pointed out earlier. So, I think you need to give us a couple of quarters, and then you should 
start seeing. So H2, which is quarter 3 onwards, you will start seeing the impact of Cyclops in terms of the benefit, 
which flows on to the credit cost line. 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. See Abhishek, what I would like to add to what Sachinn said is that all the leading indicators of the work that 
we have been doing are looking good. So, we are satisfied with all the leading indicators. And we have put certain 
indexed representation of some of the leading indicators in the analyst deck. As I said earlier, the portfolio washout 
and replacement or the replenishment of the portfolio with better credit fundamentals takes -- typically takes a 
couple of quarters, couple of quarters means 4 quarters to 6 quarters. So obviously, we are about 3 quarters into 
the journey. It will take for another 2 quarters to 3 quarters for the full -- some headline impact to be start being 
visible, which as Sachinn said, takes us to about latter part of Q2, early Q3 of FY26, right, when you will start 
seeing the real impact of that. 
The current macro situation does not help us also. Because the current macro situation makes us also sort of 
adds a lot of noise into whatever we are seeing. So, I would like to add to what Sachinn said is that for us, this is 
a marathon journey. It's not a sprint. And we are very satisfied with the progress that we have made on the journey. 
The building blocks are more or less in place. What we are doing is that now we have a process of optimizing 
those building blocks, which have been put into place. So, my only request would be that we should be a little 
patient and give us a couple of more quarters for that benefit to build out in terms of numbers. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Subramanian Iyer with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
 
Subramanian Iyer: 
So, on micro loans, you have given a lot of texture on asset quality and that there are a few imponderables. But I 
had a question on micro loans beyond this current asset quality cycle. So how are you looking at loan growth 
structurally? I mean, because of the changes happening at an industry level, do you see that loan growth here is 
going to be structurally lower than what it used to be in the past? And also are you expected to reduce loan yields, 
given that the regulator has also been making comments on this all through last year? So essentially, looking at 
structural growth and profitability beyond this current cycle, your thoughts? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Thanks. One of the things is that I do believe that -- this is a business -- this is my personal opinion, industry 
opinion might vary. My personal opinion is that the safe speed of this business is anywhere between 15% to 20%, 
not more than that. So, the industry probably for the last couple of years have been driving this business at 40%-
plus growth rate, which obviously has led to some -- is sort of part contributor into this asset quality sort of 
challenge that we are seeing in this. 
So, I do believe that after the MFIN guardrails come into being from -- full MFIN guardrails come into being from 
April, the industry structurally will have to adjust itself to, if I were to use the old English proverb cutting the coat 
according to the cloth, which will mean somewhere between a 15% to 20% growth rate on an annualized basis. 
And I think that's a safe growth rate. So, I do believe that in the longer term, this industry will settle between this 
growth rates. 
The second thing, which I think is on the yield side, we have already sort of tampered down some of our yields. 
And if you go to our website, our yield differential is from 16% to 23%. The absolutely credit qualified fourth cycle 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 24 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
customer, non-leveraged fourth cycle customer end up getting a low rate of 16%, whereas most of the new 
customers coming into the fold will get a rate of 23%. 
So, the average yield is closer to -- a little shade lower than 23% because we have a portfolio stock, etc., which 
is priced at 24%, which was our previous yield. Our average yield still remains high. But over a period in time, this 
is the sort of the interest range that the industry will move towards. So yes, so some of the super normal yields 
that we might have seen in certain sort of franchises, probably those will get tampered over a period of time. 
Subramanian Iyer: 
That was a very clear answer. Just one more question. What is your guidance or, say, your view on retail loan 
growth for you in FY26? 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
I can't really crystal ball gaze and say that what should be the retail loan growth. By Q4, we'll be able to -- see, 
we are guided by the Lakshya goals of 25% plus, etc. But again, what I have said is that we will exercise caution 
and wherever the risk required equation is not in our favor, we will choose caution over growth. This is a very 
clear philosophy that we are following, and we will follow this philosophy. So, what we will need to see is that how 
the collection efficiencies for all lines of business pan out in this quarter, Jan, Feb, March, which I think will be a 
quarter of stabilization for the entire industry. And probably a much more clearer guidance is probably we should 
be able to give in some time at the end of Q4. 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Yes, I think we should be -- we would have by now -- by then finalized the business plan as well. 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes, finalize the business plan as well. 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 
And also the growth rate would differ depending on the business we are in. For example, personal loan, SME are 
younger businesses will grow at a much larger pace, whereas the mature businesses will grow perhaps at similar 
lines, barring MFI which is one piece, which we will have to look and figure out what kind of growth we can 
consider. We need some more clarity on that. 
 
Subramanian Iyer: 
Thanks so much and wish you all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Wuzmal Handu with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
 
Wuzmal Handu: 
Just one question from my end. You spoke about the near-term pressure on NIMs + Fees on account of the 
change in mix that you see right now. Just wanted to gauge your thoughts on when do you anticipate this trend 
would stabilize for your book? And then eventually, when do you potentially see operating leverage playing out? 
 
Sachinn Joshi: 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 25 of 25                     
 
                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
So NIMs + Fees already, we responded to this. I think depending on when the rural business loan piece actually 
stabilizes, which perhaps we believe that one more guardrail, which is being implemented by MFIN will come into 
play from 1st of April. So we still see 2 quarters to 3 quarters of turbulence at the market level, at the industry 
level. But we would like to state that we are still better off. So the impact may be lower is what we believe. We will 
have to wait and watch on this, because this is a large significant portfolio on our books, as well as the fact that 
we are moving more towards prime is also adding to the change that we anticipate on the NIMs + Fees, which 
may come slightly on the lower side. But that should actually get compensated or move then compensated by two 
things, one is the increasing productivity and the lower effort on collection cost, because that's a significant part 
of our operating expenses, as well as the reduction in the credit costs, which we hope will start getting factored 
into our P&L from H2 next financial year. So 2 quarters to 3 quarters is what we believe that we'll have to continue 
with this, and then we will start seeing the positive impact of it. 
 
Wuzmal Handu: 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sudipta Roy for closing comments. 
 
Sudipta Roy: 
Thank you, everyone, and thank you for your participation. As I said earlier, us along with the entire industry, is 
going through a little bit of trying times, if I may use that word. But I think this is not very protracted like deep rally 
downturn that we might have seen earlier. I do believe that this particular downturn, especially for the overall 
industry, I'm not speaking only of the microfinance business, but speaking of other asset lines also, is a much 
shorter duration cycle that we might be seeing. And we remain hopeful that this shorter duration cycle will probably 
see a bottoming out sometime between quarter 1 and quarter 2 of next year. And then probably, because the 
deleveraging has happened quite a bit as per data available with us, so I do believe that things probably will get 
on to a normalized trajectory sometime at the end of quarter 2 or starting quarter 3 of next financial year. 
So, with that in mind, we remain focused on building all our capabilities even while we are going through some of 
these sort of on-ground challenges. We have not stopped for a single day in sharpening our tools of execution 
such that when things become normal, we are able to rise much faster than others and take a share of the market 
opportunity, which is available, obviously, in a risk-calibrated fashion and deliver those returns for our 
shareholders. 
So, thank you so much, and wish all of you a great quarter ahead. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of L&T Finance Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may 
now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
*Since the transcript has been derived from a voice recording tool, necessary corrections have been made to remove anomalies as well as manifest but inconsequential factual discrepancies, 
repetitions in Q&A which would have unintentionally crept in, if any 
