 
 
OBL:HO:SEC:00:                                                                
        
    New Delhi  :  31.01.2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunga Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Stock Code - 530365  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.          
Exchange Plaza,  
 Plot No. C/1, G Block,                      
 Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
 Bandra (E)   
 Mumbai-400 051 
 
 Stock Code:  ORIENTBELL 
 
Sub: Transcript of Post Earnings Call for Q3 9M FY25 held on 27th January, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,   
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript 
of Earnings Call held on 27th January, 2025 post announcement of unaudited financial results 
of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024.   
 
The transcript of the Post Earnings Call for Q3 9M FY25 is also available on company’s 
website at www.orientbell.com under below path: 
 
Investor Relations Section> Disclosures under Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations> 
Transcripts of Post Earnings/Quarterly Calls. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
 
Yogesh Mendiratta 
 
Company Secretary & Head - Legal 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
YOGESH 
MENDIRAT
TA
YOGESH MENDIRATTA 
2025.01.31 15:00:39 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Orient Bell Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ADITYA GUPTA – CEO – ORIENT BELL LIMITED 
 
MR. HIMANSHU JINDAL – CFO – ORIENT BELL 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUYASH SAMANT – STELLAR IR ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Orient Bell Limited Q3 and 9M FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suyash Samant from Stellar IR Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Samant. 
Suyash Samant: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have with us 
today the senior management team of Orient Bell Limited; Mr. Aditya Gupta, CEO; and Mr. 
Himanshu Jindal, CFO, who will represent Orient Bell Limited on the call. 
 
The management will be sharing the key operating and financial highlights for the quarter and 9 
months ended December 31, 2024, followed by a question-and-answer session. Please note this 
call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon the 
company's beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. 
 
These statements are not a guarantee of the company's future performance and involve 
unforeseen risks and uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update any 
forward-looking statement to reflect developments that occur after a statement is made. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Aditya Gupta. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our quarter 3 FY '25 Earnings 
Call. Retail consumption has not been holding up for quite some time as Q3 was also not too 
different. Continued slowdown in the exports market, given the volatility on container freight 
over the last 12 months has added to the pressure. Steep discounting continued, but OBL has 
been able to arrange this through a drive on selling more premium products with more GVT and 
slabs. 
 
Despite the overall market grew with our sustained efforts on sales and marketing initiatives, we 
were able to protect our market share. Our revenues have grown by 1.2% over last year to 
INR469 crores. While the demand recovery may take some more time, we have continued to 
stay on course with our firm belief and thus investments to support making tile shopping easier 
for buyers, whether it be consumers or our dealers have continued. 
 
Some operational highlights of the last 9 months are: GVT salience has grown to 40%, which is 
up from 27% last year 9-month period. Our vitrified mix has improved to almost 58%, highest 
ever for Orient Bell so far. Our marketing investments continued to be at about 4% of revenues 
versus a historical run rate of less than 3%. The active Orient Bell tile boutiques, the number has 
grown to 375, implying a total addition -- net addition of 23 more displays in the last 9 months. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
Some early green shoots are becoming more and more visible now with projects, both private 
and government expected to enter the tiling stage in 2025, which should help OBL in the coming 
quarters. 
 
With this, I request our CFO, Himanshu Jindal, for the financial updates. Over to you Himanshu. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Thank you, Aditya. Good afternoon, all. Since Aditya has already covered revenues and the 
initiatives that we have been taking to drive and support sales of more premium products this 
fiscal, let me give you more insights on our costs and margins. So our sharp focus has helped us 
save approximately 4% operational cost of production on a like-for-like basis in the first 9 
months, which is after factoring constant product mix and stable energy costs. 
 
The blended fuel costs, too, have softened by roughly 14% on a Y-o-Y basis. While some portion 
of this was definitely market-driven, we saved a bit more through our own efforts by optimizing 
fuel mixes further at both Sikandrabad and Hoskote. 
 
As a result, our average blended fuel cost was approximately INR33 per SCM versus INR38, 
INR39 SCM -- per SCM last year. The gas costs have started inching up from quarter 3 onwards, 
though. The go-live of our solar PPA at Sikandrabad earlier this year has helped us to keep the 
power cost lower as well. While a significant portion of these savings were indeed passed on to 
the markets, in line with the competition to retain market share, we did retain some piece of this 
as well, which has helped us improve our overall gross margins to 35.5% roughly, which is an 
improvement of 1% over the last year. 
 
While we continue to support sales via the continued investments in branding, our checks on 
overall fixed costs have hit, which is why our EBITDA margins have expanded by 2% over the 
last year. On the balance sheet side, we stay strong as always with very little leverage so far, 
which allows us more flexibility to take calculated risk to support business as and when the 
opportunities become available. 
 
On that positive note, I think we can open the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and-answer-session. The first question comes from 
the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, earlier, we used to give volume numbers as well as realization numbers. So sir please can 
you give me the volume and realization for Q3 as well as 9 months and similarly for these two 
periods? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
See, I think as we mentioned on the last call also, starting Q2, we've been holding on to volumes 
as a number. The moment I give volumes, obviously, ASPs are available. Now the rationale for 
this is two or three reasons, One, you know we do only tiles versus all our peers who are much 
more diversified. So our revenues in a way are quasi they, in a way, reflect what we are doing 
in the markets. 
 
The other point is very strategic. See volumes in isolation are not KPIs when you are trying to 
drive multiple angles, especially premiumization. So you know there have been investments into 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
capex, there have been investments into branding. And all of this is being done to change the 
product mix significantly from where we were, and this is why you're seeing gains on GVT, 
especially on vitrified. 
 
Now giving too much out in the public domain also sometimes becomes counterproductive 
strategically on operations on a day-to-day basis. So I think we are holding on to it for now. 
Maybe after the full year results are out, when we publish the annual report, maybe the volumes 
can come in that time with a bit of a lag. It should be okay? Anything more that you want to ask? 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yes sir. Sir, second question was on the margin side. So we've constantly spoken about these 
cost saving initiatives that we have done as well as branding initiatives that we are doing. Sir so 
for what kind of margins do we expect like for the Q4 -- so from this 4.5%, 5% kind of margin, 
where do you see your margins going over the FY '26 and over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
See Madhur. I think we need to understand the initiatives that we have taken, whether it's on the 
-- it's largely on the variable cost side. So we've been holding on to costs. We have been 
optimizing it wherever possible to keep our gross margins intact or to be better than the industry. 
 
Fixed cost, we have been scaling it up. We have been optimizing it wherever we need to. But 
largely, we are supporting multiple initiatives at this point in time, especially on the people on 
the sales and the marketing front. In the absence of volumes, somewhere the operational leverage 
is not playing out at the moment for the last few quarters. And therefore, EBITDA is what it is. 
 
There have been conscious calls like we explained previously also that we are supporting 
branding much more than before. So there is a hit to the P&L in the short to medium term. Let's 
see how the margins develop, but I think our gross margins are largely in our control. No 
figurative guidances for the moment. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay, got it. Sir, so can we expect some kind of improvement in gross margin? Or can we expect 
this to maintain sustain going forward? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
It should be in line with the market better than the market for sure. I think we have been 
demonstrating that very, very consistently now for the last many quarters. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. Sir, just a final question from my side. Sir, when the industry is not doing well, we are 
doing marketing and branding initiatives. Sir so at what point do we decide are we going in the 
right direction? Or what is the minimum return on our investment that we would expect for these 
initiatives in a market downturn that is going on? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
The market is not doing well. You are right. We are supporting. We want to continue building 
the brand image of OBL. The awareness has to be there. What you need to remember, like Aditya 
mentioned, the projects are now going to get into tiling stage soon. Now the point is, should I 
discontinue these investments in the short term and give you a joy on the P&L? 
 
Or should I wait support, continue supporting brand awareness with a very clear hope that as 
and when the projects in the retail demand is back, I am the first one to be picked up by 
consumers. So I think with that belief, I think these investments are continuing. Yes, we keep 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
optimizing our spend on a quarter-to-quarter basis, on a month-to-month basis, depending on 
what works, what doesn't. If there is some learning coming in, we take that and then decide on 
the next course. Okay? 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rishikesh from RoboCapital. 
Rishikesh: 
Sir, you mentioned about some marketing expenses that we have been taking. Can you please 
let us know what the marketing expense you have taken for this quarter as a percentage of the 
revenues? 
Aditya Gupta: 
See, we are in 9 months, we are about 4% of our total revenues. That's the marketing spend and 
we in terms of what exactly contributes marketing expenses. So we have been on TV, including 
in the last quarter. And we do a lot of digital marketing. So all social media platforms see a lot 
investment from our side. And apart from that, there are investments in product collaterals, in-
shop branding and does that answer your question? 
Rishikesh: 
Yes. Also, I got a sense that this is over and above normal marketing expenses because the 
market itself is down, so you're trying to push more into marketing. Can you just give us a sense 
what kind of normal marketing expense you would do once market gets better? 
Aditya Gupta: 
See, we are talking about ratio. So because market is down 4% kind of looks still does not add 
up to as much as one would want it to be. So if the revenues had been better, growing at least 
with a double-digit this thing, we would maybe have taken a call to do more than 4% than what 
we are doing today. As I said, I think I have mentioned that about 1, 1.5 years back when we 
started TV  I think actually December '24, when we started our TV burst first time, that we are 
planning to  for the next couple of years for foreseeable future, to invest aggressively in the 
marketing in building of our brand. 
 
I also mentioned that how GVT growth has outpaced the company growth rates. And that's only 
been possible because of what we are doing on the brand side to make it more acceptable to a 
more premium kind of customer. So I envisage that this will continue. The exact amount would 
vary slightly depending on how responsive the market condition is. But future  if you're asking 
about future this thing and all, the intent is to keep investing in marketing as much as possible. 
Rishikesh: 
Got it. Also, sir, we are currently on around annual revenue run rate of around INR700 crores. 
Would it be fair to say that we have capacity to do almost around INR1,000 crores of revenue? 
And also with a lot of real estate projects coming up, and there's a lot of presales booking which 
are happening, how do you see us achieving that INR1,000 crores number? 
Aditya Gupta: 
So actually, more than INR1,000 crores, we have enough, say, capacity between our JVs and 
our own manufacturing to easily hit the number  to cross the number that you have quoted. That's 
one. On the second part, there are different strategies which are playing out. That's why I think 
in spite of a very bad market, in the first 9 months, we have still managed to keep ourselves 
afloat. In terms of strategy, we are trying to build up our sales teams and distribution capabilities 
in Southern India, South and West, which have historically been very weak for us. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
 
I have already talked about the product side that this whole premiumization piece is something 
we are pushing very, very aggressively. And there are a lot of new products, which have been 
launched in the last 9 months, same size, different designs or new sizes and all which will 
continue. 
Rishikesh: 
Could you share a visibility of when can we achieve the INR1,000 crores figure? 
Aditya Gupta: 
See, historically, we have stayed away from giving any futuristic guidelines simply because ours 
is a very, very cyclical market. And given how much dependent we are as an industry, the 
domestic industry on exports and what gets how much gets exported from Morbi and stuff like 
that. It is kind of difficult to forecast how things will go. 
 
As I said earlier, 2025, we are hopeful that the export scenario for the Indian tile industry will 
improve because the freights are lower today than what they were in, say, September, October, 
November. And if this trend continues and there's better demand coming up internationally. So 
a lot of the spare capacity on Morbi, which is getting diverted into India. Domestic market will 
kind of go back into exports and the domestic business will bounce. But we will not be giving 
out any future projections about next year revenues or next quarter revenues. 
Rishikesh: 
Got it. No problem. Just last one question. Earlier, we used to do around 8% to 10% EBITDA 
margin. So just wanted to get a sense that what has to happen that in coming going ahead, we 
would again do that 8% to 10% margin? I understand that our marketing expense are not going 
to slow down. So where would the how would you bridge this gap? 
Aditya Gupta: 
I think, Himanshu kind of briefly mentioned this. This gap, what you see today, we are in the 
5% range, going up to the 8%, 9% -- 8% to 10% range is largely the single biggest driver of that 
would be operating leverage, which is basically our volumes going up with a similar this thing. 
If we kind of go for volumes at very steep discounting to the market, obviously, we are not going 
to hit that 8% plus margin. 
 
But given we are a kind of similar margins, a similar pricing strategy that we have followed, if 
we are able to take up our volumes by about, I would say, 20-odd percent  definitely 20%, 30%, 
definitely, we would be in the EBITDA margin range that you have talked about. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Aman Agrawal with Aveksat Financial Advisory. 
Aman Agrawal: 
I would like to know that we have expanded our capacity in last quarters. I would like to know 
according to that, our GVT process, because our sales are constant, almost flat in the last 3 
quarters, and our GVT lines and vitrified tiles, we got growth in that. So, is there a lot of 
degrowth in the ceramic segment, sir? 
Aditya Gupta: 
I think that is exactly. Ceramics have not been doing well. Historically, our ceramic capacity 
was the bulk of capacity that Orient Bell had. And the last 3 to 4 years, we have invested 
significantly. Today, our capacity, including our JV is upwards of 40 million square meters per 
year, which I think 4, 5 years back, was maybe about 25 million to 30 million square meters. So 
we have added a lot of capacity, which has largely gone into GVT.  

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
We have added it in a very cost-efficient manner with hardly any debt on our balance sheet 
largely coming out of internal accruals. Unfortunately, the market for the last couple of years 
has been sluggish. So we have not been able to monetize it as fast as what we would want to. 
But as the market improves, I think we are in a great position to start growing volumes. 
Aman Agrawal: 
So in the ceramic capacity on the volumes we give up along with prices or prices are stable with 
volumes being … 
Aditya Gupta: 
Aman, can you please repeat your question? I'm not very clear. 
Aman Agrawal: 
In the ceramic segment, is there a de-growth in our volumes? Or a prices have also degrown due 
to demand scenario? 
Aditya Gupta: 
So Aman we have a de-growth in volumes. If you look at GVT, GVT salience is up 13% year-
on-year, 27% is become 40% GVT salience and revenues are up only by 1.5%. So yes, you're 
absolutely right. The ceramic sales in volume terms is lower than what it was last year. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Okay. And my next question is because our capacity is roughly 50% in ceramics and 50% in 
GVT, so what will be the future strategy for ceramics? Will we convert that segment's capacity 
into GVT or will we sell it in ceramics? What is the strategy for the next 2-3 years, down the 
line? 
Aditya Gupta: 
So Aman, there are 2 to 3 things, in the market GVT is the thing which is growing. Within the 
market also, ceramics is not that fashionable and developing category. Ultimately if you talk 
about long term, I see a lot of this ceramic capacity moving into GVT. But as I said a couple of 
minutes back, we have, over the last 3, 4 years, built substantial capacities on GVT, which are 
today available to us. And once the market turns -- so I don't see a requirement for any in-house 
big investments for the capacity enhancement.  
That answered the earlier question also that we clearly have enough and more capacity between 
us and our JVs to cross INR1,000 crores-plus top line irrespective of whatever mix of GVT and 
ceramics you take. So in the near future we are not thinking of converting a major line from 
ceramics to GVT, but with time definitely that's a call that we have to take. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Okay. And next question is regarding the industry. Now what's the situation at Morbi regarding 
the prices and all those things and export market effects completing the previous financial year? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Aman, I did not understand your question. Please repeat the question. 
Aman Agrawal: 
My question is, how does the industry demand look and secondly the export market demand? 
Aditya Gupta: 
So I was last almost the whole week, I was in Morbi and I must have met at least some 35-plus 
various vendors. So people are cautiously hopeful that with these feedstocks, the disagreement 
between Hamas and Israel, they are hoping that some of the bottlenecks, so many problems 
which have been impacting freight rates and insurance charging and all will start getting sorted 
out.  

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Having said that, there is a lot of uncertainty in terms of how the market in these geographies 
will grow. Indian tiles are extremely price competitive and extremely good on quality. So I think 
that these 2 things we've have got it right. If markets abroad are decent, I foresee a lot of the 
capacity, which a lot of Morbi capacity, which has been diverted into the domestic market will 
go back to exports, and that will give us -- we need 5% to 10% of the 10% capacity or 5% of the 
capacity to get diverted into export. And the whole market can just pivot around domestically. 
Aman Agrawal: 
One last question from my side The South Western market is very weak in terms of distribution 
and our tiles presence in showrooms. What is the strategy for future? Our expansion has been 
done in Dora capacity, along with the joint venture? So what is the strategy for the future? 
Aditya Gupta: 
As of now, we have been strengthening our sales teams there, adding more people. We have 
started working on a lot of demand generation activities there, which is with architects with 
various government departments and even going down to the level of mason. Unfortunately, the 
market has not been very responsive. And because of the pressure on discounting, every month, 
the discounting has been more than the previous rates.  
So dealers have also been kind of cutting down the inventories. So unfortunately, all the 
investments and the efforts that we have done in the recent past over the last 1 year since the 
new Dora GVT capacity came online, has not given us the kind of volume that we had hoped 
for. But we are continuing on the same 3, 4 activities. We are investing on the brand. We are 
shoring up our teams. We are looking at what kind of customers and what kind of demand 
generation activities we go ahead with. And that effort will continue. We're just waiting for the 
tipping point to happen. 
Aman Agrawal: 
 
Thank you and best wishes for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Avinash Baskar with Kwality. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Baskar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is just to understand, let's say, all these players 
in Morbi, if there are no exports, so what happens to the market? So do they have a dealer 
network that they can tap into? How do they just split the market? Because on one hand, we are 
doing a lot of branding initiatives, working with dealers to build our capacity. So how is it 
possible for them to export, is it like taking substantial discount towards the prevailing rates in 
the market, sir? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Yes. So I think  yes, you said that. So what I have understood from your question is how easy 
or difficult it is for Morbi players to dump their stuff in the domestic market? Is that the question? 
Avinash Baskar: 
Yes, correct. 
Aditya Gupta: 
So I think it is much more easier than what I would have wanted it to be. And the 2 levers that 
they use are: One is discounting, the other is longer credit periods. When it sells, give me the 
money, you are my brother types. And some of them, not all, but some of them are also not very 
ethical in terms of compliance, which definitely makes the price they offer even more attractive 
to the dealer.  

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
So these are 2, 3 factors. They don't invest. You're right, they don't invest in brand. They don't 
invest in building up a sales team and all. It's largely telephone marketing saying that, okay, this 
is my rate. This is all I'm willing to do for you or call in all, and that's it. So a lot of the lower 
end of the market kind of gets taken away by that. 
Avinash Baskar: 
Got it sir. That's super helpful. The second question that I did have is to understand  because I'm 
a little new to this entire industry. Should I think of it like the paints industry where the 
middlemen have a lot of power and ultimately whoever does a good job in engaging with the 
distributors and the middlemen would be the ones who have a large share of market? Or again, 
this is going to be consumer driven? How should I just think about this entire tile business? 
Aditya Gupta: 
So I think a million-dollar question. It is not as evolved as the paint industry. Now if you see  if 
you kind of just ignore the recent happening in the paint industry in the last 6, 12 months, 
typically, paint industry was one where the top 4 players are holding for 80% of the market.  
Versus in the tile industry, if you add up all the revenues of the listed companies, all of them put 
together will be about INR9,000-odd crores in a market, which is about almost INR50,000 
crores, including exports. So paint industry, 80% top 4, 5 players. Tile industry, 20% top 4, 5 
players. So it's very different than that's one. I think tile is somewhere in the middle. 
Unfortunately, once the tile is actually installed, you don't see the brand tile that's visible. Unlike 
in sanitaryware, faucets or anywhere.  
So historically, the dealer has played a very, very important role in the tile industry. What he 
chooses to stock makes a big difference. The role of branding has been increasing, it's kind of 
becoming more and more important because just to differentiate yourselves, you need to have 
that consumer franchise.  
And I think that's the part that we have been trying to, first, digitally and for the last 1 year, now 
using many more marketing  many more media vehicles, like TV and all, that's the way we are 
trying to go. It will take time. It will not change overnight. But I think with every passing year, 
the consumer is getting a lot more savvier than what she used to be earlier with respect to tiles I 
am talking about. 
Avinash Baskar: 
Got it. Can I ask 1 more question? Okay. I'll just maybe squeeze one more in. So just for me to 
kind of visualize, right?, I know that you're doing a lot of initiatives like the QuickLook, 
revamping the websites, marketing and all of this. So maybe 5 or 10 years down the line, how 
do you see this company and would we be taking market share from the unorganized players a 
lot more? Or are we going to compete head-on with some of the leaders and then get market 
share from them?  
Where will we be stronger than some of the players? And where would we kind of give a selling 
that, okay, this is not a place that we want to be. And then purely talking from 5, 8, 10 years, 
whenever all these initiatives fructify and give us some sort of advantages in the market. So just 
from that perspective, what is the vision where this would be? 
Aditya Gupta: 
So I really don't have an answer to the question from where we will win more market share 
because unlike, as I said, other industries, our industry is kind of extremely splintered. But let 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
me tell you where we will get our growth from, not from whom will we get a growth, but where 
will we get a growth from. I think, let me talk more consumers than competitor because 
ultimately, that is what make more sense.  
I don't know which competitor I will gain more or less from. But I'm very clear in terms of which 
is the consumer segment that will drive my growth over the next 5 to 10 years, more consumer 
and products. So on product, I would say it would be GVT, it would be more of our bigger size 
slabs, the whole premiumization of our product portfolio, that is going to be a growth driver for 
us.  
From a consumer perspective, I would say that informed B2B buyers like architects, that's a 
segment which we have, which we are very weak in, is one which is going to contribute a lot 
more aggressively towards over the next 5 years. In terms of geographies, I would see both South 
and West becoming much bigger contributors to our overall revenue than what they are today. 
Avinash Baskar:   
Got it, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Avinash Baskar from Kwality. Please go 
ahead. 
Avinash Baskar: 
Just a couple of more questions from my side. So one dichotomy that I'm just seeing this on one 
hand, we continuously see all this news that real estate is in an up cycle, there is a lot more flats 
that are coming up, etcetera, etcetera, right? Whereas here, the building products are not 
following that. But I just want to understand, is this pricing pressures that we are facing, of 
course, I understand there's a component of exports. But has the supply side also expanded 
something drastically in the last 2 to 3 years or something which is contributing to this entire 
problem? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
See, Avinash, Himanshu this side. See, you're right in a way the supply glut at Morbi. So what 
has really happened over the last 4-5 years? So while post-COVID, the demand came back with 
a bang, both from retail and projects, you also saw supply coming up thereafter. So '23, '24, a 
lot of supply glut came into Morbi and also the organized players also pushed in a lot more 
capacities.  
Today, unfortunately, the way the demand is, both on the retail and the project side, it's not the 
best, yes. So oversupply, less demand, both are contributing to what you are seeing today. 
Having said that, over the last 12-odd months, very little capacity has come into Morbi, yes. The 
other side that you should also know, a lot of inefficient old capacities have been weeded out. 
So there are more than 300 factories in Morbi which have been permanently shut down, okay?  
There is another thing that you should know, and this is something to note. I think the others can 
take a note as well. What we are hearing is, again, in the month of February, there is a planned 
shutdown by Morbi, yes. So they are planning to shut down all the GVT lines. Let that happen 
and then you'll see, yes. So in a way, Morbi is becoming more and more clear that they can 
produce, they can't sell, especially when the export markets are not doing well. So let's see, how 
the markets evolve. Does that answer? 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Avinash Baskar: 
Yes. I think that's helpful. I understood that the supply followed the demand and then kind of -- 
there is a 2-way problem. The last thing is, so I understood this initiative on this QuickLook 
cataloguing and working with some dealers to do that. So do those dealers currently, do you see 
them selling more of generally tiles overall and also our brand tiles? Is there like cost to 
correlation between the investments we make and the results that those dealers derive? 
Aditya Gupta: 
So we see a very strong correlation between usage of QuickLook and the business volume of 
that dealer. We are seeing it across the country. The challenge which we are now trying to solve 
is that how do we make a Quick Look far more easier for the dealer to use? Because while we 
have a large number of dealers, 600-plus, who are very active users of this.  
But unfortunately, we need not 600, we need maybe 1,200, 1,500 dealers to start using it as 
actively. And our trade is not very tech savvy. They are actually techphobic, if you may say so. 
So we got these first 500, 600 people to use it. But the next 500, 600, we are seeing a challenge 
to kind of make them comfortable with technology, and there's new product features and all 
which we are working on. Hopefully, we will launch it in the current quarter to take away that 
techphobia which a lot of people have. 
Avinash Baskar: 
So do these dealers are they exclusive dealers or they can be multi-brand dealers of which we 
are one of their brands? 
Aditya Gupta: 
The way we work is, they are -- they have given exclusive space showroom, what we call in 
Orient Bell Tile Boutique to us to display our products. So from that perspective, there would 
be  there is an exclusive space where only Orient Bell products are being displayed and talked 
about. They might have another area of where they are selling some other brands. That's quite 
possible. But they can't use Quick Look for the other this thing because it's a proprietary tool, 
only -- which only works with my tile designs and products and SKUs. 
Avinash Baskar: 
And are these tiles like standardized, for example, let's say, can I see like a tile in on Quick Look 
and tell this looks great, what is the cheapest tile you have for this particular I mean like green 
marble finish this size SKU. So are the SKUs like super standardized so I can just see it in Quick 
Look and then sell the lowest cost ones? 
Aditya Gupta: 
So we offer something like that on our website. So as a consumer, if you go to my website, you 
can actually get MOP  kind of a figure there. And it's on the website you actually fill up a very 
small, simple form, which identifies the pin code of where you want supply, then we are able to 
give you a much more accurate cost estimate of what that particular tile will cost you at that 
particular location. 
 
This is important because unlike in other categories, which have one the billing from the 
company is in FOB. But in our case, freight is -- I mean, in our industry, freight is being paid by 
the dealer so we basically work on ex-factory prices, INR300 per square meter or whatever it is 
and the landed cost to a dealer in Guwahati is very different versus a dealer sitting in Delhi. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Aman Agarwal with Aveksat Financial 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Aman Agarwal: 
You have mentioned that in coming Feb, the GVT lines at Morbi will be shutdown. Is it because 
of really less demand? Is it something else? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Yes. So Aman I'll try and answer that, Himanshu again. As of now there is this news, which is 
emerging from Morbi that they are planning to take a shutdown. How effectively this gets done, 
we still need to see. In the past, they have generally taking  they have been taking the shutdown 
in the month of August, largely in the last 3, 4 years, you have seen that happening there. 
 
Now what are the reasons for that? Reasons are very simple. The domestic demand is not great. 
You take shutdowns because you can't sell otherwise, right? Why unnecessarily store. More 
importantly, I think last 12 months, with the container freight issues, with the freights being so 
volatile, getting spiked up, coming down, going up again, etc., the exports haven't happened the 
way they should have, right? 
 
So that's one reason why there's no joy producing and storing it in your warehouses, especially 
for Morbi, unless they can dispatch, why produce. I think this is a very simple logic that they are 
following right now and that in a way helps us also. 
Aditya Gupta: 
So Aman, there was the Morbi GVT Association had met up, I think, 3 weeks or 4 weeks back 
also. And there was some discussion that in the month of January, they will close GVT units. It 
did not happen. And so let's see, they might come to an agreement for next month or so we will 
know only when it happens. But the bigger picture here is that they are also kind of not finding 
it easy. So looking at various alternatives to kind of cut down their costs. So let's see what they 
decide. As and when it happens, we'll know. 
Aman Agarwal: 
Okay. I have one last question. In the last couple of 9 months or earlier so, our sales from our 
Orient Bell Tiles showroom, its revenue constant, like 43% to 45% of our sales. And in this past 
12 months or so, we have invested aggressively on marketing, on social media and all those 
platform. So I would like to know that from there, why our share didn't generate, because there 
is a lack in our strategy or there is another reason, price demand as well? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Your voice was not very audible, but whatever little I picked up, you are right. The OBTB per 
se, the displays have gone up, not that they have not  they have increased from 350, 352 as of 
March to something like 375 now. So there is a net addition happening for sure. Just to 
remember, this is the count of the active displays. 
 
So which means there are displays going out: There are new displays getting added at the same 
time. So the net addition and those who are working for us taking billing consistently that 375. 
It's gone up marginally as well in terms of the sales that we have made from there. Markets you 
know already have been very choppy, yes. They are not the best, unfortunately. But let's see how 
it goes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Resha Mehta with Green Edge Wealth. Please 
go ahead. 
Resha Mehta: 
I have just one question. So if you see the leader has also gotten into tile adhesives because that 
also seems like to be like a INR5,000 crores market and decently high double-digit EBITDA 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
margin. So the question here is that do we then  are we already present in this segment? And if 
not, then do we have any plans? And why not if you could just comment on that? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Okay. So we are not present in this segment now, but this is something which we are evaluating 
and exploring. And if we decide to launch it, we will let you know. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Karan Bhatelia with Asian Markets Securities. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Sir, we've mentioned of steep discounts in Morbi in our initial comments. So can we have some 
quantification, it could be in higher single digit or in mid-teens? And with gas costs now again 
inching up from December, would we think this discounting has kind of bottomed out? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Unfortunately, it's not bottomed out. Yes, there have been 2 price increases in the last 2, 3 
months, INR2.5, INR3 per cubic meter every time, but that has really not  it has really slowed 
down the discounting, but it has not really kind of stopped it. And it's because of these higher 
gas pricing and all that maybe people in Morbi are today talking about curtailing production and 
taking shutdowns and all. 
 
Now to your question in terms of quantifying it. So I would say that from October, just 4 months 
back to now, they would have been maybe some 3%-odd change in extra discounting, which 
would have happened. So many different sizes of tiles, so many different finishes and stuff like 
that. But 2% to 4%, you can say that they would be in the last 4 months or so… 
Karan Bhatelia: 
And YTD could be higher single digit? 
Aditya Gupta: 
YTD would be compared to FY '24? Yes, YTD would be  yes, YTD would be at least 5%, 6% 
plus, maybe 5% to 8% or so in that case. The product mix keeps changing so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions. We have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Himanshu Jindal 
for closing comments. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Okay. Thank you so much for your interest and patience in OBL. Have a great day. Take care. 
Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Stellar IR Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
