Ref: MGL/CS/SE/2025/600 
 Date: February 04, 2025 
To,  
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited  
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 539957 
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: MGL 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2024 
In continuation to our letter dated January 29, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015 
(‘Listing 
Regulations’), read with Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we submit herewith the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on January 29, 2025 on the Unaudited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results and operational performance of the Company 
for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024.  
The 
said 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.mahanagargas.com:3000/Investor%20Call%20Script%20Q3FY25.pdf 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Mahanagar Gas Limited 
Atul Prabhu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: as above 
ATUL 
TRIMBAK 
PRABHU
Digitally signed 
by ATUL TRIMBAK 
PRABHU 
Date: 2025.02.04 
16:54:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHU SHINGHAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY SHENDE – DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH PATEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
 
MR. MUKESH PANHOTRA – AVP MARKETING – 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VARATHARAJAN SIVASANKARAN – ANTIQUE 
STOCK BROKING LIMITED 
 
 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Mahanagar Gas Limited Q3 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Varatharajan Sivasankaran from Antique Stock Broking 
Limited. Thank you and Over to you, sir. 
Varatharajan S: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. It is my pleasure to welcome the management of MGL and 
all the participants to this Results Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Ashu Shinghal, 
Managing Director; Mr. Sanjay Shende, Deputy Managing Director; Mr. Rajesh Patel, CFO; 
Mr. Mukesh Panhotra AVP Marketing from the management side. 
 
Before handing over the call for the opening remarks to the management, I would like to run 
you through the disclosures and disclaimer as well. Some of the statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in the nature and we believe that expectations contained in 
the statement are reasonable. However, these statements involve a number of risks and 
uncertainties that will lead to different results. We urge you to consider that quarterly numbers 
are not a reflection of long-term trends or indication of full year results. 
 
Having said that, I'll now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. The 
floor is yours. 
Management: 
Thank you, and a very good afternoon to all and I welcome on behalf of MGL management, I 
welcome all to the earnings call of MGL for the third quarter of the financial year '24-'25. I 
would like to thank all of you for attending this call today. MGL continues to create CGD 
infrastructure across its business segments in the licensed area. 
 
During the quarter, 98,469 domestic households were connected and therefore, we have 
established connectivity for nearly 2.68 million households in the cumulative manner. We have 
laid 99.07 kilometer of steel and PE pipeline, taking the total length to over 7,224 kilometer. We 
also added 9 CNG stations during this quarter. And with this, we have 361 stations as on 31st 
December, '24. 
 
We also have added 83 industries and commercial customers during this quarter. And as on 31st 
December we have 4,974 industrial and commercial customers. In relation to our Raigarhd 
geographical area up to December '24, we have connected 87,794 domestic households and 55 
CNG stations which are currently operational. 
 
During the quarter, we have laid 12.41 kilometer of pipeline in Raigarh, taking the total length 
to 445.67 kilometer. With respect to Unison Enviro Private Limited, the wholly owned 
subsidiary, the company has added 3 CNG stations during this quarter and total of 67 CNG 
stations as on 31st December. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
During the quarter, 4,774 domestic households were connected and cumulative household 
connections are at 34,003 for UEPL and they have 63 industrial and commercial customers as 
on 31 December.  
Average gas sales for the 9 months ending 31st December '24 is 4.006 MMSCMD, whereas it 
was 3.554 MMSCMD in the corresponding period last year, which is an increase of 12.75%.  
Sales volume in the case of CNG have also increased from 2.566 MMSCMD to 2.859, which is 
an increase of 11.44%. In case of industrial and commercial, the volumes have increased from 
0.482 to 0.604 MMSCMD, which is an increase of 25.52%. And the volumes of -- for domestic 
PNG has increased from 0.506 to 0.542 MMSCMD which is an increase of 7.23%.  
During this quarter, the overall average gas sales volume is 4.116 MMSCMD as compared to 
the previous quarter volume of 4.042 MMSCMD which is an increase of 1.84%. Sales volume 
in the case of CNG is standing at 2.919 as compared to previous quarter of 2.886 MMSCMD 
with an increase of 1.16%.  
 
In the case of industrial and commercial, the volume is 0.646 as compared to previous quarter 
of 0.628 that is an increase of 2.86%. Sales for the domestic PNG is 0.551 as compared to the 
last quarter of 0.528 MMSCMD which is an increase of 4.32%.  
EBITDA for the 9 months ending December '24 is INR1,131 crores and net profit after tax is 
INR793 crores. For the current quarter EBITDA is INR313 crores and net profit after tax is 
INR225 crores.  
 
Coming to UEPL during the quarter, we have achieved an overall average gas volume of  sales 
volume 0.192 as against 0.164 in the previous quarter which is an increase of 17.38%. Current 
quarter volume consists of CNG volume of 0.177 MMSCMD and PNG volume of 
0.15MMSCMD. Therefore, MGL on a consolidated entity has achieved total sales volume for 
the quarter as 4.308 MMSCMD. 
 
Average gas sales for UEPL for the 9 months ending 31st December '24 is 0.175 consisting of 
CNG volume of 0.162 and PNG volume of 0.013 MMSCMD. MGL as a consolidated entity has 
achieved total gas sales volume for 9 months ending December 31, 2024 is 4.181 MMSCMD. 
 
A scheme of amalgamation or merger of UEPL with MGL was approved by the Board in 
October '24 last year and the scheme was submitted to NCLT Mumbai on 6 December, 2024. 
And the matter was heard by the Mumbai bench on January 17, 2025 and they've reserved the 
pronouncement of its interim order. 
 
With respect to Mahanagar LNG Private Limited, a JV of MGL with BLNG. In the business of 
operating LNG as a fuel to vehicles has commissioned its first LNG station at Aurangabad in 
the month of October '24 and  has sold during the quarter, 91 tons of LNG, with a present sale 
of around 2,000 kgs per day. It may be noted that there are reduction in APM allocation in two 
tranches in the month of October and November across all CGDs.  
However, part of the APM allocation has been reinstated with effect from 16 January '25. Thus 
currently, MGL is having 100% APM allocation for its domestic gas and approximately 50% 
allocation for its CNG sales volume. There's a positive development that in a Mumbai High 
Court order dated 9 January with respect to Suo moto public interest litigation. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
They have flagged serious concerns over worrisome pollution levels in the city of Mumbai and 
MMR region, directing the state government to form a committee to study feasibility of phasing 
out diesel and petrol driven vehicles from the roads of Mumbai and permit only, motor vehicles 
which run on CNG and electric charge to reduce pollution to the vehicles. 
 
Further, the court has directed MPCB to rigorously monitor and take stringent action against 
polluting industrial units in the region. In response to this, the Transport Government -- 
Department of Government of Maharashtra has issued notification forming Committee on 22nd 
January to study and give their report within 3 months time under the Chairmanship of Shri. 
Sudhir Kumar Shrivastava retired IAS Officer, wherein MD MGL has been included as one of 
the committee members. 
 
The Mumbai High Court order is a very positive development for controlling pollution in the 
city of Mumbai and MMR region and has provided opportunity to companies like MGL also 
who are providing cleaner fuel for transport sector and industry to contribute to the -- reduction 
of environmental pollution. This is in line with what has happened in NCR in Delhi also, a few 
years back. 
 
MGL continues its journey of diversifying and seizing the opportunity in the new energy-related 
businesses by investing in a Greenfield project for manufacturing of lithium-ion cells for electric 
vehicle battery and other applications. The company has entered into a joint venture agreement 
with IBC based out of USA for setting up a facility in the state of Karnataka in this quarter.  
MGL has invested INR35 crores for equity holding of 44% in JV company for Battery Company 
India Private Limited in the month of January '25. MGL for it's annual report '24 has bagged a 
bronze award at 14th PRCI Excellence Award 2024 for its remarkable annual report from Public 
Relations Councils of India. 
 
In January '25, MGL has been conferred with Greentech Global WorkPlace Safety Award 2024 
for its outstanding achievement under excellence in safety training category. I'm happy to 
announce that Board has approved an interim dividend at the rate of 120% that is INR12 per 
equity share for the current financial year. 
 
With this, I conclude and would like -- now like to open the floor for the questions. Thank you 
very much for patience hearing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Yogesh Patil from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. As you mentioned, the recent news flow 
government of Maharashtra has set up a panel and exploring phasing out of petrol and diesel 
vehicles in the Mumbai Metro region. We wanted to understand how it will be implemented. 
That's one thing.  
 
And what kind of CNG volume growth you can see from this kind of a decision? Any ballpark 
number, if you could share with us that would be really helpful. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Management: 
It is a very preliminary stage to predict that how it will be unfolding itself. The main point what 
we wanted to make was that pollution is increasing in Mumbai which is known to all the citizens 
here. I mean, they are getting impacted. So taking note of this, Mumbai High Court -- Bombay 
High Court has Suo moto taken a PIL and given this direction that they wanted to take immediate 
steps for in two particular things. 
 
One is the vehicular pollution, which is they wanted to replace petrol and diesel in a phase 
manner by electric vehicles and CNG. And second, the polluting industries can be moved out or 
they can be promoted to use gas as a fuel. Similar developments has happened in the late '90s in 
-- or early 2000 in NCR. And we have seen that even in the span of 3 , 4 years, the CNG volumes 
have picked up in IGL in that particular area. 
 
So it depends that once the committee gave its recommendation in 3 months' time which is the 
time given by the court to submit its report, if similar there are -- I mean NCR and Mumbai are 
different regions. Here the land problem is much more severe. So depends on what type of 
allocation or what type of implementation plan is agreed by the government and authorities. 
 
We can -- currently, CNG volumes are growing at the rate of around 11% in 9 months of last 
Q3 and this Q3. So if we more -- I mean, that depends on how the recommendations are 
implemented. We can see a growth of around 15% to 20% in case everything goes in favor of 
CNG. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Sir, Mumbai high Court also directed to BMC that the city bakery units should not use the 
polluting fuel like wood or coal. And they have directed bakery to convert to use a gas or other 
green fuel in the next 1 year. What is the additional PNG commercial volume do you expect 
from this move? 
 
And also, correct me if the PNG commercial volume increases, then it also boosts the overall 
price realization of a company. Because as per our understanding, the PNG commercial is the 
costliest product among the all. 
Management: 
I think when you refer to commercial, within commercial, there are two, three categories. The 
realization which is linked to use of LPG commercial bottles is generally higher which is I think 
falling into a restaurant category. I'm not too sure about bakeries they may fall in which category. 
Mostly -- yes, there will be a better realization, but not as high as a commercial A which is linked 
to commercial bottled LPG. So that is one. 
 
Just to add with respect to the court order, I think based on the assessment we have a preliminary 
assessment of number of vehicles in our geographies. Within that, if I take number of 
commercial vehicles which are mostly on diesel are going to get impacted initially. And that 
number is around 4 lakh in our geographies. And currently, we have around 38,000 such 
commercial vehicles already on CNG which is about 9.5%, 10% penetration.  
So we see that this commercial vehicle segment could be a volume churner for us if something 
happens because that could be the first step to control pollution in terms of fuel -- vehicle related 
burning. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Management: 
Further the volume offtake will not be very huge in terms of the bakeries and others because  
they are a small establishment and it takes some time to connect to them also. It will not be very 
significant time. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Sir, next question, sir, CNG volume is growing more than 10% last four quarters consistently. 
Now what would be your guidance for the CNG volume in upcoming years. Will you -- little bit 
inch up to the 8%, 9% for the FY '26-'27? 
Management: 
No. If you talk about the overall volumes, we were thinking about 8% year-on-year growth. But 
in 9 months we have already clocked 11% growth from the last whole financial year numbers. 
So if we take Q4 also into account maybe we will clock around 12.5% to 13% growth year-on-
year.  
 
Now maybe next year, we will not be able to have that much number, but we are comfortable 
that around 10% numbers we will be able to clock next financial year also and which will be 
definitely -- CNG will be a main contributor in that growth along with industrial and commercial 
segment. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Thanks a lot. I will come back in a queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Murarka: 
Just firstly on the pricing and margin side. So you did take two price hikes of INR2 and INR1 
kg each on CNG. But the margin still has dropped. So are you like looking back to go back to, 
let's say, INR10 or higher margin as we were doing in the last several quarters or this should be 
seen as a more stabilized margin now? 
Management: 
The margins have -- I mean there has been some impact because we were reassessing our 
portfolio and the price hike has happened in late of November. And second rise has happened 
somewhere in January. So there were some delayed response. And secondly, we have contracted 
some midterm gas also on -- from the existing suppliers for giving a repeat order.  
Thirdly, some reinstatement of APM gas has happened as late as 16th of January. So the impact 
on the margins will be slightly reduced. You're right, but it will not be maybe as low as the Q3 
results. So we may be improving our performance in Q4. And if you see last year we have had 
EBITDA per SCM of 13.95. And for this 9 months, we have EBITDA per SCM of INR10.3 per 
SCM. 
 
So it is not very off the mark of the guidance which we have given about INR10 to INR12. So 
we expect similar range to continue and depending on the price of LNG, Henry Hub and other 
contracts. We may be very comfortable in this range, INR9 to INR11 or INR10 to INR12 range. 
I mean it depends on so many other things. So we can't be very particular about what will be the 
range.  

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
But we are in a comfortable position because of one that we have made some procurement 
portfolio adjustments. And second, there have been reinstatement of APM allocation from 16th 
of January. 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. So do you mean there's no further price hike is needed in that sense after the restoration of 
the APM allocation? 
Management: 
More or less 50% of the gas cut has been restored and we have already taken a hike -- hike in 
the range of 50%. One factor which is crucial as of today is also exchange rate because the 
exchange rate has been inching up and around INR85.5 or INR86. So that may have some impact 
depending on how it moves going forward, but more or less we are back to almost neutral 
situation of what we were in October mid as of today in January, I'm saying. 
Management: 
And just to add, I mean I know that investors are more particular about both the things, one that 
the margin, second is the volume. So we also have a very clear cut, I mean, line of sight for 
volume growth which is more important for the longevity of the company. Margins can adjust 
for some time, maybe slightly higher or lower. 
Amit Murarka: 
Understood. And on the volume per se, so like you have been I think, talking about close to 7%, 
8% ex of UEPL. So with UEPL like can we look at double-digit growth now? I mean I believe 
UEPL will grow at a faster rate than the core portfolio? 
Management: 
We are already clocking double-digit growth as of now. If you see 9 months this year compared 
to 9 months last year. And UEPL, all the three geographical areas as well as Raigad both will 
see at least 20% plus growth and there is a usual growth in GA-2 as well as GA-1 some margin 
at least, usual grow of 4.4% to 5%.  
So we are hopeful that at least for few quarters, we will see double-digit growth. And as sir said 
earlier, we can achieve an annual growth of around 10%. Also there is a now that high court 
order is there. We hope that, that will turn out positive and we will be able to achieve more. 
Amit Murarka: 
And also in terms of your CNG -- sorry, yes. 
Management: 
Yes, 8%, what we had said is, I mean, we have already outperformed standalone on MGL basis 
only. If you add on UEPL because it has a small volume, but the growth is much higher there, 
maybe more plus 20%. So collectively on a consolidated basis, we are around 12% growth as of 
now, 12% to 12.5%. So in the year-end we expect it to be around 13% or 13.5%. Next year also 
we definitely should be in -- at least in the double digit, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Probal Sen from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Probal Sen: 
Sir, just wanted to get a little bit of sense of what are the capex plans, if you can break it down 
between the different GAs including for Unison? And also if you can get a sense -- give us a 
sense of how much to be spent on CNG, how much on network and so on. That was my first 
question? 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Management: 
See, UEPL standalone should spend in the range of around this year, at least INR125 crores to 
INR150 crores. And it will be further up maybe next year because we have now have the ground 
and the groundwork is done. So we'll be able to do more capex on CNG stations et cetera. And 
it could go from INR150 crores to INR200 crores next financial year. 
 
As far as MGL is concerned, already INR650 crores plus capex has been done in this 9 months 
period and we expect anywhere between INR200 to INR250 additional capex in Q4 as well. Out 
of these, major will be on steel and low-pressure pipelines. And roughly INR200 crores or plus, 
minus 10% on CNG. And balance is on steel grid and LMC, last mile connectivity. 
Probal Sen: 
Okay. Sir, in terms you mentioned about the EV initiatives that are being taken. Any sense you 
can give us of when these actually start contributing to revenue in a meaningful way? And what 
kind of potential do you actually see based on the investments that have been made as of now? 
Management: 
It's -- I mean, we have started two investments in EV. One is 31% equity in three-wheeler 
manufacturing company at Bangalore. And second is a recent joint venture which we have made 
with IBC, International Battery Company. In this IBC, we are investing around first phase 
INR380 crores, which -- with a total capex of INR870 crores. And after the -- depending on the 
performance of the first phase, we can go up to 5 gigawatt factory. 
 
The first phase will be 500 megawatt two plants. So 1 gigawatt factory. It depends like 1.5 years 
we will be able to commission Phase 1 and maybe within a few more months, the phase 2 of 
another 500 megawatt or 1 gigawatt plant. So it will start earning revenues from 1.5 years from 
now and it will gradually pick up. We have 40% equity in the joint venture and 60% is with the 
partner. The numbers will be in Phase 1 around if you can help me on that. 
Management: 
See we are roughly estimating or while estimating this -- evaluating this project we have taken 
a discounted rate of around 18% or so. So we expect that return should come because it's a very 
niche kind of area, so higher rate has been applied. 
Probal Sen: 
18% IRR is the assumption, sir? 
Management: 
Yes, on the full project costs. 
Management: 
It is INR1,000 crores revenue will be there, it is around that number or 1 gigawatt factory. 
Probal Sen: 
Sorry, sir, INR1,000 crores per gigawatt? 
Management: 
Yes, around that number INR900 crores to INR1,000 crores. 
Probal Sen: 
Understood. 
Management: 
See it is a very, very primitive stage. Why I'm saying because that per cell realization could 
range between $100 to whatever. So right now we are not in a position to give you the confirmed 
numbers because once after setting up the plant, already the trial runs are going on for testing 
the cells which are manufactured by the prototype plant already in South Korea. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
 
So once we get full customer base and understanding of this, we'll be in a better position to talk 
about what kind of sales revenue and margins will come. But surely when you look at the EV 
cell as a market, the kind of capacity which we are putting up is very, very small compared to 
the requirement in India because currently, all the EV cells are being imported in India and then 
battery packs are made. 
 
So most of the manufacturers who may not have their own facility of having the battery pack 
and EV cell tie up. We will be able to push this. And considering the demand in India based on 
whatever survey or the studies we have done, 1 gigawatt is a very very small number.  
Probal Sen: 
Sir, if I can ask a follow-up. Are we already speaking to some customers with respect to this 
project? 
Management: 
The company is not only speaking, but the batteries which are manufactured in the prototype 
plant at South Korea are being put into the vehicle. With the customers they are tested. We are 
taking out their reports and all that has been already done since last 1 year. And most of the 
reports as of now are positive and we are hopeful to that customer. 
Management: 
We are already in discussion with some of the customers and very positive response has come. 
But the final tie-up of contracts will happen once we get more clarity on the final deadline when 
the project will start producing. And there's enough time for doing that. 
Probal Sen: 
Understood, sir. Thank you very much. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gagan Dixit from Elara Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Gagan Dixit: 
Sir, for the CNG this allocation - when you say 50%, so that 50% means that $6.5 that's the APM 
gas that you are getting, if my understanding is correct? 
Management: 
That's right. 
Gagan Dixit: 
Okay. And sir, what are the overall this allocation for the CNG I mean, this other than the APM? 
I mean, what is the new well gas share? What is the HPHT gas? 
Management: 
See currently, as you said, for CNG, we are getting 1.5 million, another 0.5 million of APM is 
available for domestic. Other than that for Q3 company had tied up 1.25 MMSCMD of Henry 
Hub gas through almost four contracts and HPHT of 0.5 million. And there is an old Reliance 
contract linked into Brent of around 0.1 MMSCMD. 
 
So we were left with hardly 0.04 or 0.05 for an average volume. After this quarter, we have 
hiked our Henry Hub contracts to almost 1.45 MMSCMD and we are getting small amount of 
NWG, but the long-term clarity on the NWG is not available as of now. Maybe it will start very 
soon in this month only, then we will be able to announce what is the contract with respect to 
NWG. 
 
We expect that it should be in the range of 0.25 maybe this month, mid or so. Already, there is 
a HPHT contract which has come up in this month from ONGC and RIL both. And some more 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
HPHT bid is going to happen most likely in April by RIL, almost of 5 to 6 MMSCMD. So -- 
and when you compare today NWG price and Henry Hub price or HPHT, there is not much 
difference. 
Gagan Dixit: 
And sir, my second question is about... 
Moderator: 
Sorry, to interrupt you, sir. May I request you to please come back in the queue, sir.  
Gagan Dixit: 
Okay, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
S. Ramesh: 
Thank you and good evening. So if you look at the cell manufacturing project, is there -- any 
detail you can share in terms of the overall tax rate you'll have to pay for that project? Could it 
be at 15% and secondly any sense you can give us on the VAT rate or GST on capex and the 
inputs and the final lithium-ion cell? 
Management: 
See this is -- I mean, as I told in the last time also INR875 crores is the total capex, 40% we are 
funding as equity. And for Phase 2 that means from moving from 1 gigawatt to 4 gigawatts, the 
capex will be in the range of around cumulatively INR3,700 crores. Tax rate on that... 
Management: 
I think we'll come back to you separately on this because I don't have the figures handy, 
otherwise, I would have discussed then. 
Management: 
And the selling price will be on the market price like whatever imports are happening to -- from 
China. Similar prices will be offered to the market because that is the market size as of now. So 
whatever calculations we have done for the profitability of the project is based on import parity 
price of China. 
 
The positive side of it is, which we have not considered is in case some duty is levied on the 
imports from China, especially on the import of battery cell, that will be upside to the project 
which we have not considered on the base case. So things -- they look very positive as Rajesh 
explained that out of the total requirement of more than 100 gigawatts, we are just talking about 
1 gigawatt and maybe other plants which are making -- going to announce or expected is not 
more than 7, 8 gigawatts.  
So we expect that if more flip or more push is given to the domestic manufacturing, this can be 
a very good initiative because we are the only company who have the project ready which is 
tested on road from the pilot which has been set up at Korea and the same setup is going to be 
restricted in Bangalore. So that's why we are very positive about this investment. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. On the consolidated numbers and the standalone numbers, if you adjust for the difference, 
I get a revenue of INR275 crores and EBITDA INR154 crores. So is that number correct for 
UEPL which means in third quarter it's about INR102 crores revenue and INR84 crores. The 
market seems to be very high. So can you put the UEPL performance in context based on this 
number? 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Management: 
Yes. So the revenue that was generated during Q3 was INR102 crores for UEPL with net profit 
of about INR1.27 crores and cumulative for the 9 months ended UEPL earned INR275 crores. 
And the net profit after tax generated is INR17.51 crores. 
S. Ramesh: 
Yes. So the question is at the EBITDA level, numbers are very high. So what's happening below 
that? 
Management: 
I will explain it. On a consolidated, you may see that compared to MGL standalone, there is a 
minor reduction. Now that happens because of the investment which MGL has made and there 
is a large component of authorization cost which gets amortization on a consolidated basis. That 
amortization is a little higher than the profit which are earned currently by UEPL. And that is 
why on a consolidated basis, you may see MGL plus UEPL standalone does not add up to MGL 
or it is slightly lesser than MGL. 
S. Ramesh: 
No. But based on the numbers you have given -- yes, sorry. Please go ahead. 
Management: 
Am I able to answer your query or inquisitiveness on consolidated results? 
S. Ramesh: 
No. That is fine. But if you go by the numbers you have shared for UEPL by itself. From 
EBITDA to the PAT sir its fairly substantial reduction. So is there a large component of 
depreciation and interest there, even and the margins are pretty high. So from that margin, the 
net margin is very low. So what is happening below the line in terms of interest and depreciation? 
Management: 
Compared to MGL, there are two components. One is depreciation, you're right. Another is 
interest cost is also there in UEPL. So if you take cash EBITDA, it is generating around INR50 
crores, INR55 crores cash EBITDA per annum as of now. And this interest is also within the 
group, it is MGL's loan which is getting accounted as a finance cost in the books of UEPL. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. And then one last thought. If you look at the vehicle additions and the growth in the CNG 
vehicles of around 46% year-to-date. Do you think this current run rate in your GAs will sustain 
or do you see some upside in the next 12, 18 months? What is the sense you get on vehicle 
addition? And can you give us some split on the number of vehicles being added across 
categories? 
Management: 
We have already -- see, if you compare last 9 months -- last year, 9 months, we have had around 
57,000 vehicle addition as compared to 71,000 vehicle addition in our GAs in these 9 months of 
this current financial year. So if we take Q4 into account, maybe we will be close to 1 lakh 
volume addition which will be very high as compared to our last year and previous year's 
performance.  
 
So you are right 46% growth has happened across the India on CNG, which has outperformed 
so many other fuels. And this impact is definitely a good sign for CNG whole as an industry as 
a whole. And we expect that the growth numbers which we are seeing of 10% for 9 months 
comparison of last financial year, we will be able to maintain it for at least 1, 2 years. And from 
there, we will see how the sector is performing. 
S. Ramesh: 
Thank you very much and wish you all the best. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual 
Fund. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
After this UEPL merger, will we be able to use any tax synergies? Are there any past tax losses, 
which can be utilized? 
Management: 
In the books of UEPL, currently there are tax losses and accumulated depreciation around INR35 
crores, both put together that we will be able to absorb. Also, the capex which we are incurring 
today, INR150 crores odd and they are not able to absorb that depreciation. On a merged entity 
basis, we will be able to absorb that early. So, of course, UEPL would have absorbed both, 
accumulated losses as well as the capex, but it would have taken, let's say, 3, 4 years from now, 
whereas MGL will be able to take that benefit immediately. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Right, sir. The second question was about the APM reinstatement. I believe the next round of 
the reallocation would be around February 16 or so. So are we confident that the 51% would 
remain at the similar level during the February or is there a probability of part reversal again? 
Management: 
I think readjustment has happened two, three times. One was 16th October then 16th November 
and now 16 January this reinstatement has happened. Earlier was the re-allocation, means two 
cuts were there. Now in our information, as far as we understand the next re-allocation or re-
adjustments will happen somewhere from 1st of April because around 7% per annum is 
recommended to be reduced from APM and put into NWG. 
 
The other development we know is that whatever cut from APM will happen, will be allocated 
to CGD entities on pro rata basis at NWG prices. So basically, the gas will be available APM. 
The same quantity will be reallocated on a pro-rata basis through CGD at NWG prices. And we 
expect that to happen somewhere from 1st of April. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Right sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratyush Kamal from Incred Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
So I have a few sets of questions, which I wanted to ask. First is regarding your sourcing. So 
you source couple of -- you do have a couple of contracts, which are linked to Henry Hub and 
some are linked to Brent. I just wanted to understand like what is the pricing mechanism for 
these contracts? And what is the general sourcing mix for you? What percentage of the total 
volumes do you get from Henry Hub versus Brent versus APM, etcetera? 
Management: 
See, general pricing under this contract has a slope linked to the index. So in case of Henry Hub, 
it is -- Henry Hub is an index. There will be a constant, there will be a slope to the index and 
some fixed costs, okay? Whether it is a Henry Hub contract or a Brent contract. So this is the 
normal term contract structure. Okay. 
 
As far as MGL is concerned, I already said, I think, in the last question, overall, including 
domestic, we are as of now getting 2 million-plus APM. As of today, that means in January, we 
have already tied up Henry Hub contracts, all contracts -- put together around 1.45 mmscmd. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
HPHT is around 0.5 million, okay? And rest is spot and whatever NWG have. Small amount of 
NWG is coming on a short-term basis. But as sir said, there will be a long-term allocation or an 
allocation like APM in the near future, maybe this month or by April or so. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Okay, sir. And what are the slopes and fixed components when you talk about Brent like contract 
and Henry Hub? 
Management: 
Those are confidential between the supplier and us. We cannot disclose them in the public 
domain. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Okay, sir. And what is the landing cost approximately for you, when you talk about the Brent 
contract versus the Henry Hub contract, the landed cost for you, for the company? 
Management: 
So as of now, considering the indices, with respect to Henry Hub, it ranges between $9.5 to 
around $10.5. HPHT is around -- that is I think available in the public domain, including 
transportation, it should go around $11, which has $1 per MMBTU transportation and around 
$10.25 or so as a basic rate. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Understood. And Brent one? 
Management: 
Brent is an old contract, and that is around 7.5%, inclusive of transportation as far as we are 
concerned. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sabri Hazarika from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Yes. So two questions. Firstly, your volume breakup between GA-1, GA-2 and GA-3 and the 
outlook for GA-3. I mean last time, you mentioned 0.621 mmscmd sort of potential. So any 
revision on that? 
Management: 
So as of now, for 9 months average, I will give you, GA-1, we have sold around 1.92 mmscmd. 
GA-2 is around 1.85 mmscmd, 0.245 is GA-3. That makes total sale of around 4 million for this 
9-month average, okay? . 
 
If you look at the growth in GA-3, last year average was around 0.163 and we are today at 0.245 
which is a growth of almost 49%, 50% over the last year average. So that is a growth in GA-3. 
If you consider GA-1 and GA-2, GA-2 is double digit and GA-1 is in the normal range of 4% to 
5%. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Okay, sure. And a small question. In terms of kg basis, what was the CNG volumes in Q3? 
Management: 
CNG in terms of kg. For the Q3, it is 2.14 kgs -- 2.14 million kgs. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
2.14 million kgs. per day, right? 
Management: 
Yes, yes. Per day, kgs per day. And in terms of SCM it is 2.92 million kgs. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Handa from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Saurabh Handa: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, on your question on your comments on the number of EVs 
in Mumbai, say around 4 lakhs and currently, the penetration is 10%. Hypothetically, if a similar 
sort of directive comes as we saw in Delhi, could this number go up to like 25%, 30%, 
thereabout? I mean just to get a sense of what is the realistic penetration one can assume if you 
have similar directives as we've seen in Delhi in the past. 
Management: 
Yes, you're right. I mean, the increase will happen in commercial first because as happened in 
NCR, the commercial vehicles are generally the first vehicles which gets impacted because of 
court or the policy intervention. So in case that happens, so our penetration will go up because 
we have certain depots in BEST also, which we have opened on an experimental basis for 
commercial vehicles. So we can open further outlets also in our BEST captive outlets for 
booking for the commercial vehicle. 
 
Further, we are increasing infrastructure in particularly in GA-2 and GA-3 for keeping in mind 
the commercial vehicle increase. And GA-1 also, we expect that we will do some management 
to create more infrastructure for commercial vehicles. Yes, the penetration can increase in 
coming few years. 
Management: 
Saurabh, if you look at current 3 quarters penetration, we have added more than 1% of the 
existing population. Because roughly 4,600-odd commercial vehicles are added in these 3 
quarters put together, which is more than 1% of the total population in our GAs. And with the 
high court order, if it gets a little push also, I think we expect that the numbers could be high, 
but to give a penetration of exact percentage is very difficult as of today. 
Saurabh Handa: 
And sir, what is the usage per vehicle, for a typical commercial vehicle? 
Management: 
So it varies for different commercial vehicles. If I talk about the heavy commercial vehicles, the 
usage is about 30 kgs per day. This is on an average basis. So LCV is about 25 and the small 
commercial vehicles consume about 7.5 kgs on a daily basis. 
Saurabh Handa: 
That’s very useful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikash Jain from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Vikash Jain: 
I just wanted to understand currently of about 50 mmscmd of gas that ONGC is producing. I 
think about 6 has been taken away as new well gas. Of the remaining which is there, roughly 
how much has been allocated to priority sector in city gas? That’s the first part of the question. 
Second thing is when you see a change in allocation again on 1st of April, maybe another 5%, 
6% will, again, go away, say, about 2 to 3 mmscmd. Is there a chance that LPG or some other 
sector you see could get -- could bear the impact more than city gas? So that's something which 
I wanted to know. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Management: 
I think the numbers will be better available with GAIL. But broadly, what we know is around 
19 mmscmd was coming to CGD, which got reduced to 16 mmscmd in the first cut, and it went 
down by another 2 mmscmd in the second cut. 
 
Now 2-3 mmscmd is restored out of it, so maybe around -- if I'm not wrong, maybe around 15, 
16 mmscmd is coming to CGD sector. But overall numbers from ONGC, we don't have proper 
clarity. Maybe not -- 50 mmscmd is not available as far as we understand. It is lower than that. 
Vikash Jain: 
And sir, any chance of any other sector getting reduced allocation as compared to city gas? 
Management: 
I mean you have to ask this from Ministry. But yes, I mean, if you see some deallocation has 
happened and now the reinstatement has happened. There are 2 things. The isolated fields, if 
they get connected to the main grid, then some gas can come to CGD or in case the ONGC 
increases the production of APM, then the gas can be made available to CGD. 
 
The other gas which is going is to fertilizer and partly to the power, which is on the isolated field 
or the gas in the Northeast, which cannot come into the main grid. So I mean, I don't think there 
is much which can come up besides the fact that some isolated fields get connected to the main 
grid or ONGC increases the production. I don't think fertilizer, which is already giving a lot of 
subsidies in the government side will be taken out from the allocation. 
Vikash Jain: 
And there any chance of maybe some kind of a swap that although those isolated fields and those 
customers get ONGC gas, but they are charged a higher price and effective swap with you? Or 
effectively, if we do that, then those become unviable, is that? 
Management: 
I think government has already seized of this matter. GAIL and Ministry of Petroleum has 
already seized of it. There are actual limitations of doing the swap also because the physical 
customer should be able to take at that price at the increased price. There should be customers 
at that particular isolated area to consume gas physically, then only swap can happen. So the 
matter is between government and the physical limitation as well as maybe putting up more 
compressors to link isolated feeds to the main grid. Then this mechanism will be able to work. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Niharika Jain from Aequitas Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Niharika Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is, I think in the call you have mentioned 
that we would have some impact on forex. Now for the APM gas and all the contracts, is there 
hedge for us or all the contracts, even including APM are unhedged for us as far as forex is 
concerned? 
Management: 
See, our dollar exposure -- because all the gas we purchase locally is dollar denominated are not 
hedged, okay? It's not hedged. And if we want to hedge for INR transaction -- see only the price 
are dollar-denominated, actual transaction happens in INR. For this RBI to my understanding, 
which I have checked few years back, allows only a forward contract. 
 
So there is a spread-off between whether you want to pay upfront forward cost and increase the 
cost of the consumer or you remain open and see. In the past, remaining open has benefited us, 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
whereas some entities who took forward, they had a higher cost. But yes, today, the time is such 
that we may still evaluate what needs to be done going forward, considering probably expected 
movement in the forex rates INR and the dollars. 
Niharika Jain: 
Is my understanding correct, if I say that the rupee has depreciated by 3% in, say, quarter 4. So 
my cost directly gets impacted by 3%, right? 
Management: 
Roughly, my estimate is -- yes, you are right in that sense. It adds around INR0.22 to INR0.25 
per rupee increase on our overall company basis, a rough ballpark number. 
Management: 
But you are right, whatever the foreign exchange devaluation all happened, that will be reflected 
in the price because APM price and others are all dollar-denominated. 
Management: 
Partly, we are indirectly hedged because we link our industrial and commercial prices to the 
alternate fuels, which are also derived from dollar and then priced in India. And it suppose petrol 
diesel prices are also linked to Brent in a way, they also should be linked to forex. So in a way, 
our input as well as output both gets natural hedges there to a very large extent. 
Niharika Jain: 
Okay. And so I assume that  a lot of fertilizer plants take shutdown in quarter 4. So do we get 
more APM allocation if that happens, fertilizer sector taking a lot of shutdowns? 
Management: 
See that happens, I mean GAIL does this mechanism of what is the plan for the future or when 
there any plant is going for shutdown or not. So that adjustment they do and do some minor 
adjustments in the allocation on daily nominated gas quantities. So those are things which we 
are not privy to that information, maybe GAIL will be in a better place to answer that. 
Niharika Jain: 
Okay, understood. And the last question, I think I missed the part. We said that we have invested 
in IBC, but when can we see the revenue getting generated from that entity? 
Management: 
First phase we expect, in another 14 months’ time the plant will start operating a 500-megawatt 
plant, 14 months from now. 
Niharika Jain: 
Okay, 14 months from now. Okay. 
Management: 
And second phase, another 3, 4 months from that period. That means in 1.5 years' time, we 
should be able to see 1 gigawatt factory coming online. 
Niharika Jain: 
And do we have contracts in place, or we'll be getting the contracts once it get started? 
Management: 
There is sufficient time, so we will get contracts once we get more clarity about come closer to 
the production. Now we are testing the product, the results are very good. We have not yet 
finalized the contract. We will be doing it maybe 1 year down the line. 
Niharika Jain: 
And just from a very macro perspective, considering that it is a very evolving technology. Don't 
you feel that it will be a big risk if the prices just crash down because China is known to do that. 
Say we can talk about solar modules also. The price has crashed down and it has been crashing 
down every year. So being internationally linked, won't it be a risk or are we thinking something 
on this front also? 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Management: 
No, we don't consider it to be a risk. You are right, China has a maximum production of the 
battery sales. But again, there is a protection mechanism by the government to such type of 
pricing mechanism by China in the past also. We have seen with solar PV cells to promote 
indigenous PV manufacturing, the government has supported the industry quite a lot. 
 
Having said that, we are very much confident that we will be able to source very competitive 
raw material, lithium-ion and other products, which are required for battery cell manufacturing. 
We have a very strong partner-- South Korean partner. And we'll be able to manage the market 
in terms of whatever be the market pricing mechanism. 
 
And government, as we understand, is going to protect Indian market to a great extent in terms 
of levying duty because we think that moving away from China is a very thing, very much 
prevalent mechanism by different countries, including India. So we are very confident we will 
be able to survive different price mechanisms as and when they appear in the market, in the 
battery manufacturing space. 
Management: 
Also, I would like to add one more point here, when you manufacture cells locally, and you will 
get the live user experience, you will be able to manage the life cycle of the cells and the battery 
properly when an Indian company talking to the local consumers here. Whereas in case of China, 
if there are problems which pops up at the cell level, the battery pack manufacturer does not 
have any answer, okay?  
So there, I think, technologically and in terms of performance, an Indian company will have a 
very, very good upside and edge over the imported cells. And that is going to be one of the USP 
in the project, which is done locally here with technology as well as the setup of the plant locally. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. May I request Ms. Jain to please rejoin the queue. We have participants 
waiting for their turn. The next question is from the line of Devang Patel from Sameeksha 
Capital. 
Devang Patel: 
Sir, if you can please quickly share the data points on, what is the share of BEST buses and 3-
wheelers in our volume? And what is the 9-month growth in each of these 2 segments? 
Management: 
So if I have to tell you the customer segment, so Autorickshaw, the 3-wheelers, which you asked, 
they are the highest consuming segment. They consume about 34% of the total volumes that we 
sell. BEST and others put together, I will call it, the state transport undertakings, which also 
includes MSRTC, NMMT, and TMT. They are consuming about only 6% of the total volumes 
that we sell. 
Management: 
And just to add to what Mukesh has mentioned is that in 3-wheelers, almost 98% is CNG 3-
wheelers. As far as BEST is concerned, we have around 2,000 buses of CNG and around 1,000 
buses on diesel and EVs put together. 
Devang Patel: 
Sir, and what is the growth in the BEST buses Y-o-Y. In Delhi we've seen the number of CNG 
buses also come down with this either being set up, is there a risk to 3-wheelers and BEST buses 
volumes? 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Management: 
No, it is the other way around. You are right, BEST buses the last few years have come down 
from 4,000 numbers, which were running on roads to 3,000 in total. But going forward, we think 
that the electric buses which were expected to be around 2,000 have now not come on roads. 
 
So if this particular committee will examine the whole thing and give the recommendation to 
the government for implementation. And in case some uptick is there, then we can see more 
buses coming on road and that can include a major portion of CNG also. But we have to see -- 
wait and watch about how the Transport Ministry and BEST take a call on that. But yes, the 
overall number of BEST buses have come down, including CNG buses has also come down. 
Management: 
Just to share the physical numbers during the quarter, MSRTC alone has added 142 CNG buses, 
okay? And BEST, TMT and NMMT put together has added 37 number of buses. And the major 
part is BEST. So probably BEST because they don't have enough number of buses to run their 
routes have started adding some either retrofitted or buses on CNG as well. 
Devang Patel: 
Sir, and secondly, on the when you said, there is 10% penetration in commercial vehicles. These 
are what tonnage vehicles? These are the 1.5, 2 tons vehicles? 
Management: 
So commercial vehicles, what we consider are 3.5 ton gross vehicle weight onwards. So this 
goes up to -- 18 is the latest addition, goes up to 18 tons. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand when  
we source our gas. So if there is a pricing currently 
consider it for an example like $6 pricing, sir, at what price do we get with all these transmission 
and intermediaries? How much cost does that add up in the landed cost for us? 
Management: 
See, most of our gas purchase falls in Zone 1 and Zone 2, okay? Now if you look at the tariff for 
Zone 1, it is INR40 per MMBtu. For Zone 2, it is to INR80 per MMBtu. If minor gas is coming 
from Zone 3, that is INR108 per MMBtu. And there is a small amount of marketing margin, 
which is being charged on APM gas, GAIL being the aggregator and marketing agency for the 
domestically produced gas. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. And sir, the gas which we import, for that what would be the additional transportation as 
well as... 
Management: 
As far as MGL is concerned, I'm buying from X point to Y point. So whatever the pipeline 
transportation I use, depending on the zone in which from where I'm buying the rates will be 
applied. As I said, mostly our gas purchase is within Zone 1 and Zone 2 maximum. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, my second question was, sir, with this APM gas reduction every year, so I 
guess that would increase our cost for SCM that we sell to our customers. So what is like a 
steady-state margin? So what is the landed cost that you can get over the next 1 year? 
Management: 
Around 7% reduction of APM is expected as per the reports and the recommendation by DGH 
and Kirit Parekh  committee. So I mean, it depends what is the LNG prices on the substitute gas 
of NWG prices of the Indian food basket. HPHT option is also there with us. So we will and -- 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
HS option is also there. So we will do a mix of the alternate sources and then determine what 
will be the selling price of CNG. 
And also we'll have a look at petrol and diesel. The margins, as we mentioned, EBITDA per 
SCM will be in the range of, say, INR9 to INR11 or INR10 to INR12, depending on situation 
because we want to keep two things in place: One that the price disruption doesn't happen or too 
much price variation doesn't happen in CNG or CNG anyway 100% allocation of APM is 
coming. So we would like to keep prices steady and keep the growth numbers also in line of 
sight. 
 
So having said these things, we will take a call on when to -- what is the right time for increase 
or decrease of CNG prices as well as maintaining our portfolio because right now, we are not 
exposed to spot prices variation. So that way, we are much more protected and the signals and 
the policy initiatives are coming, but whatever APM is getting de-allocated will be sold at NWG 
prices with CGD entities. So we have a clarity on what will be the de-allocation and what will 
be the price impact, how much we can absorb or how much we can pass on, keeping the margins 
and the growth numbers in place. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. Sir, just a final question from my side. Sir, with this EV economics getting better, so the 
life of -- over the life of EV, it is getting more attractive than CNG. And with -- I think with 
increasing gas cost currently, sir, it will look even more attractive. Sir, so how do we tackle this 
issue and can this lead to consumers slipping from petrol diesel to directly moving to EV then 
just moving from where petrol diesel to CNG? 
Management: 
No, I think it is not as simple as what you've mentioned. The total cost of ownership depends on 
several factors. One is the main cost of differential between EV and CNG and petrol diesel 
vehicles, the first time purchase cost. The EV is costliest followed by there's marginal difference 
between CNG and petrol or CNG and diesel. 
 
And third -- second is what is the electricity tariff you have to pay for charging of the EV and 
the petrol prices or diesel prices vis-a-vis CNG prices. So when we have seen the total cost of 
ownership in certain segments, the total cost of ownership, like in the case of buses, we found 
CNG cheaper than EVs. But for small vehicles, yes, EV can be cheaper than CNG. 
 
In pollution also, if we see like CNG is its total cost -- life cycle cost of CNG pollution vis-a-vis 
is a mix of what is being produced in India, the coal-based electricity. The impact on CO2 is 
also not much different from CNG, vis-a-vis EV with the current mix of electricity generation. 
 
So we find that going forward, depending on the electricity tariff we will be either in some 
segments cheaper than EVs or some segments slightly costlier than EVs. But having said that, 
there is sufficient room in many segments where the per capita consumption of CNG is very 
high as we were talking about commercial segment, 10% penetration is there. 
 
So that means 90% vehicles are still to be captured by CNG, which is currently running mostly 
on diesel. So that segment more than compensate for whatever small segment is lost to EVs. 
Like if 3-wheelers goes to EV, we can more than compensate it to the commercial vehicles, 
which can come on CNG as compared to diesel. So as far as CGD entities and in particular, 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
MGL is concerned, we are -- we don't find that EV is going to be very big threat for the whole 
company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hardik Solanki from ICICI Securities. 
Hardik Solanki: 
Sir, just want -- if you look at the effective tax rate for the quarter, it has reduced below 20%. 
Sir, is there any specific reason behind that? 
Management: 
Your observation is correct. We have had an assessment of the past year tax returns, and we 
have got some refund which we have accounted. And that is the reason effective tax rate has 
come down marginally. 
Hardik Solanki: 
Okay. And sir, can you just break down the volume between industrial and commercial for this 
quarter versus the last quarter? And how was the margin between these 2 segments? 
Management: 
So industry for this quarter is around INR0.5 million, rest is commercial. And as earlier, we said,  
margin in case of commercial A and other commercial category is higher than industry, but all 
these depends on the alternate fuel prices. 
 
If you look at current industrial margins compared to the last quarter because of the LSHS and 
LDO prices going down, has gone down slightly. Whereas in case of commercial, where most 
of the customers are linked to commercial LPG 19 kgs where prices have slightly gone up, the 
margin is better. But this position keep on changing. So it's not a static or onetime position, 
which will remain. So depending on the ultimate fuels, price realization will be changing in both 
these categories. 
Hardik Solanki: 
Ya. Sir, just a follow-up on this. If you look at the current -- the fall in crude prices and with the 
fuel oil getting at much discounted prices. So how do -- how are you seeing the impact in this 
quarter? Have you seen an impact in this quarter? And how do we see coming quarters? 
Management: 
If you see impact on the industry, yes, there was an impact in the current quarter in the realization 
of -- as I already said, that because there was a reduction in the LDO and FO prices compared 
to the last quarter. So I think ideally, all these are linked to Brent in a way. 
 
So if the Brent goes down or up, both will change. If you want to give a view may be Brent looks 
softer now for some time going ahead. So there could be reduction in those realizations. Also, 
my industrial volumes or industrial realization has gone down because the new customers, which 
we are adding, we offer them committed discount of 10% for 3 years. 
And my addition in the volume has happened -- so on a weighted average basis, realization has 
gone down. It is not only because of the fuel, but average realization is down because of the 
large addition of the new customers and the increase in volume. 
Management: 
Just to add to what Rajesh mentioned is that LNG marketing also expected to be slightly surplus 
in next 2, 3 years. So since LNG is being supplied to industrial and commercial. So we think 
that we will be in a better position to maintain the margins or improve the margins because, I 
mean, most of the analysts and research if we read, crude is expected to be slightly more costlier 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
as compared to LNG prices, which is expected to be slightly more surplus. So in that, maybe 1, 
2 years or 3 years' time, we will see that we will be able to maintain these margins or improve 
these margins. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Management: 
Thank you so much, all the investors and earnings calls and analysts who have joined on this 
call. We look forward to your continued support and confidence in the company. Thank you so 
much for joining in. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This transcript has been edited, without altering the content, to ensure clarity and improve readability.) 
