 
Bharti Hexacom Limited 
Regd. and Corporate Office: Bharti Crescent, 1 Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, Phase II, New Delhi - 110 070, India 
Tel: +91-11-4666 6100; Fax: +91-11-4166 6137 
E-mail: bhartihexacom@bharti.in; Website: www.bhartihexacom.in 
CIN: L74899DL1995PLC067527 
February 14, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400051, India 
Symbol: BHARTIHEXA 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 544162 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call dated February 07, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on 
February 07, 2025 in respect of the audited financial results of the Company for the third 
quarter (Q3) and nine months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the call is also uploaded on the Company’s website i.e. 
https://www.bhartihexacom.in/results-quarterly-results.html 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Sincerely yours, 
 
For Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
 
 
Akhil Garg 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Akhil 
Garg
Digitally signed 
by Akhil Garg 
Date: 2025.02.14 
19:15:06 +05'30'

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 1 - 
Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Event:  Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 
ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Event Date/Time: February 7, 2025/ 1430hrs. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 2 - 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
 
Mr. Gopal Vittal 
Vice Chairman & Managing Director, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Mr. Shashwat Sharma 
Chief Operating Officer - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Mr. Soumen Ray 
Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Mr. Harjeet Kohli 
Joint Managing Director – Bharti Enterprises 
 
Mr. Naval Seth 
Head of Investor Relations – Bharti Airtel Limited & Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Mr. Akhil Garg 
Financial Controller – Bharti Airtel Limited & Chief Financial Officer, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Vaidehi Sharma and I am the moderator for this webinar. Welcome to the Bharti 
Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited’s third quarter ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar. Present with us today, is the 
senior leadership team of Bharti Airtel and Bharti Hexacom Limited. I must remind you that the overview and discussions today may 
include certain forward-looking statements that must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that we face. Post the management 
opening remarks, we will open up for an interactive Q&A session. Interested participants may click on “Raise Hand Option” on your 
Zoom application to join the Q&A queue. The participants may click this option during the management opening remarks itself to 
ensure that they find a place in the queue. Upon announcement of names, participants to kindly click on “Unmute Myself” in the pop 
up screen and start asking the question post introduction. With this, I would now like to hand over to Mr. Gopal Vittal for his opening 
remarks. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Thank you Vaidehi. A very warm welcome to all of you and with me on the call I have got Shashwat, Soumen, Harjeet, Naval and 
Akhil Garg. Let me start with one key development: we are planning to transfer about 16,100 telecom towers, approximately 12,700 
from Bharti Airtel and about 3400 from Bharti Hexacom to Indus Towers. Our belief is that this business is best managed by Indus 
since they know how to do this better than us. It will not only free up management’s bandwidth within Airtel but it will also create 
greater efficiency scale and ultimately long-term value at Indus. Now, let me give you an update of the quarter and the progress 
against our strategy. 
 
Let me start with ESG. There are three primary areas where we make an impact: connectivity is the first and most important one. Our 
network investments are able to connect the most remote parts of India, which make a profound impact in the lives of people. Over 
the last two years, we have expanded our network to cover over 89,000 villages actually through the deployment of almost 43,000 
sites. A second area of focus is in lowering our carbon footprint and simultaneously lowering cost. There are two things we have done: 
firstly solarization is now adding pace. We did over 3300 sites in the quarter and over 28,000 sites in the last six quarters. Second we 
have brought in AI at the heart of our network. As a result, we are able to turn off layers of radio technology based on real time traffic 
patterns, which reduce our carbon footprint and also lower our energy bill. Finally, the Airtel Foundation makes a big impact socially 
through our focus on education. The foundation through its various initiatives in 31,000 schools have impacted over 3 million children 
and 2 lakh plus teachers. 
 
Let me now turn to a few highlights on our performance. We delivered another consistent quarter. Consolidated revenues came in at 
about 45,130 Crores. India revenue growth, excluding Indus was strong with 4.8% sequentially to over 33,000 Crores. EBITDA 
margins came in at 56.2% an improvement of 1.4%. Effective Q3, Indus Towers has now consolidated into our financials. This quarter, 
we have made an improvement to our disclosures. We are now reporting EBITDAaL, which is EBITDA after lease obligations. We 
believe this is a true reflection of our underlying margin and leverage. As a management team, this is a metric we track so as to drive 
the right behavior about the underlying health of the business. EBITDAaL for the quarter stood at 16,306 Crores with a margin of 
49.3%. We delivered strong operating free cash flow; this is really EBITDAaL minus capex of 9440 Crores. Capex for the quarter was 
6860 Crores. We rolled out 5214 network sites and over 13,950 route kilometers of fiber in the quarter. Fiber deployment remains a 
key area of focus. We rolled out more than 100,000 kilometers of fiber in the last 24 months. We continue to direct capex to future 
proof our business around three areas: transport investments, homes, and B2B. Our focus on financial prudence is clearly visible in 
our balance sheet improvement every quarter. During the quarter, we prepaid DoT spectrum dues pertaining to 2016. With this 
prepayment, we have cleared all the dues prior to 2021 auctions. In fact, in the last six quarters, we prepaid over 35,500 Crores of 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 3 - 
high cost spectrum dues. India net debt in relation to EBITDAaL now stands at 1.8 compared to 2.5 a year ago. Our efforts to build a 
solid balance sheet is testament to the recent credit ratings upgrade by Moody’s. 
 
A quick update on each of our segments. In the mobile segment we added 4.9 million customers during the quarter and 6.5 million 
smartphone customers. Postpaid net adds remained healthy at 0.6 million. This was somewhat impacted by tariff repair. ARPU came 
in at Rs.245 compared to 233 last quarter; another quarter of industry leading growth. ARPU drivers on an underlying basis remain 
intact; these are basically feature phone to smartphone upgrades, prepaid to postpaid upgrades, data monetization, and growth of 
international roaming. 5G coverage expansion continues as planned. We ended the quarter with a 5G base of 120 million, 5G 
shipments continue to grow now contributing over 80% of overall smartphone shipments and we continue to get our fair share from 
growing 5G handset adoption.  
 
In the broadband segment, we added nearly 674,000 customers and stepped up our momentum in this business. We have expanded 
our FWA coverage and are now live in over 2000 cities. It is clear that FWA is increasing our addressable market for Wi-Fi services. 
We maintained an accelerated pace of fiber home pass addition of 1.9 million per quarter. We are also strengthening our content 
partnerships to build more value on Xstream with more than 22 OTT apps in a single platform. To strengthen our content offering we 
also added ZEE5 during the quarter. I must say that the Wi-Fi and the broadband business is seeing momentum month-after-month 
and even January has begun better or has ended better than the previous month.  
 
In DTH we added 29,000 customers in the quarter. Our focus on simplified pricing structure, strong content offering, and convergence 
has led to consistent share gains. 
 
 Airtel Business we delivered revenue of just under 5650 Crores. This is a growth of 8.7% over the same period last year. I will 
comment in greater detail on Airtel Business in a moment. 
 
Digital businesses we continue to focus on scaling our digital portfolio with CPaaS, Financial Services, IoT, Cybersecurity, and Cloud. 
Our IoT business is seeing strong growth with new order wins. Cybersecurity and Cloud services are beginning to see some step-up 
and I will talk a little bit more on Cloud later. Airtel Finance has served over a million customers till date across various financial 
products with over 4600 Crores of total disbursement and a current AUM of 2500 Crores. On the Payments Bank, the monthly 
transacting users stood at 87 million, annualized revenue run rate now is about 2800 Crores, growing at 50% year-on-year. Deposits 
remain robust at over 3300 Crores growing by 42% year-on-year. 
 
Let me now comment on each of our areas of focus. Firstly we are committed to building a diversified and resilient portfolio. Both India 
and Africa are now consistently delivering strong underlying performance. Our portfolio is further diversified with the Indus 
consolidation. Africa accounts for 23% of revenues, India mobile 56%, India non-mobile 14% and Indus at 7%. Africa is performing 
well with constant currency growth of 5.6% sequentially. We are also sustaining investments to retool our portfolio in order to grow 
beyond wireless. Second area of focus is winning quality customers and let me now provide some texture on each of our businesses: 
homes, mobility, and B2B. 
 
Broadband penetration in the country remains low but is growing rapidly, driven by fast-paced adoption of home connectivity and 
changing content consumption preference of customers. As I had mentioned earlier, we believe the current market can double from 
over 45 million to anywhere between 80-90 million homes over the medium term. While we have stepped up our performance, we 
believe there is significant room to increase our competitiveness. We have three areas of focus: first, increasing the addressable 
market by stepping up rollout of fiber home passes and FWA. Over the last two quarters, our FWA availability has increased 
meaningfully across key pin codes and we are now live in over 2000 cities. Our accelerated fiber home pass expansion continues with 
1.9 million quarterly additions with total home pass at 35 million. The second area is really to constantly improve the value that we 
deliver; here we are focused on a combination of convergence by improving the content slate we offer. We recently signed on ZEE5 
and Glance on digital TV. Xstream now has over 22 OTT apps as a part of its platform. We have also commenced the testing of IPTV. 
We believe that when this is launched, it will dramatically improve the ease of onboarding for our customers. The third area of focus 
is to really fire up all our channels. We currently sell broadband largely through our stores and online channels. We are now using our 
digital capabilities to bring in the power of our entire mass retail channel and plan to open up around 100,000 points of presence. In 
addition, our 30,000 strong fleet of home delivery engineers will also be activated. With these three areas ramping up, we expect to 
see continued momentum of homes leading to strong competitive growth. 
 
Let me now turn to mobile. On postpaid, our focus continues to be on the 80 million potential customers, who we believe can upgrade 
to postpaid. Use of digital tools along with simple customer journeys across channels is powering our family offerings to further 
accelerate this. Rural markets account for over 65% of industry growth. Over the last two years, we made substantial investments in 
seizing this opportunity. This has delivered results; going forward, we expect to fill gaps in a couple of circles while we continue to 
sweat the sites deployed till date to give us gains into this year. 
 
Let me now turn to B2B. There are three key areas we are addressing: portfolio, go to market, and customer experience. Let me 
comment briefly on the portfolio. There are three parts to our portfolio: there are data centers, there is global and there is domestic. 
Our data center business is growing steadily. Within the global segment, we have two parts: commodity voice and messaging as well 
as monetization of cable investments. On the latter, which is cable investments as you know, there was a slowdown to the extent of 
interest from OTT players, but we are beginning to see some change in this in the current quarter in terms of the order book. By the 
way, this is a very profitable part of the portfolio and so is now seeing signs of growth, which bodes well into the coming year. The 
second segment within global is wholesale commodity voice and messaging. A very significant part of this is very low-margin business 
and, in fact, what it does is it clutters management focus, it has a lot of people running around trying to strike deals, and the margins 
we make here are insignificant. We have made a decision to exit this low-margin business, which will have an impact on the topline 
in the coming quarters. It will take about six months for this to play out, but let me underscore that the exit in this business will have 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 4 - 
really no impact on EBITDA because this is a very negligible margin business. Within the domestic segment, we are seeing strong 
growth on digital as well as sustained growth on connectivity. In fact, these digital adjacencies comprising of Cloud, Security, IoT, and 
CPaaS account for almost 90% of incremental industry growth. We are now stepping up our investments as well as our go-to-market 
muscle to drive faster growth here. We will be launching a comprehensive cloud solution in the next few months. At an aggregate 
level given the growth of digital I believe we need to move at a much faster pace, and we will do what it takes. This is one of the main 
reasons we have decided to shed the low-margin portfolio of commodity voice and messaging. You will recall that a few years back, 
we did the same in our mobile business by shedding 49 million customers, who were using our network only for incoming calls. This 
changed the experience for our existing customers, it de-clogged our networks, and more importantly, it galvanized the organization 
internally on how we chose to win with quality customers. We believe this will do the same in our B2B portfolio.  
The second area of focus is the need to build muscle in our account management teams to shape this agenda. We are doing a 
combination of things here. We are injecting capabilities into the team in the form of fresh talent, we are training all our existing people, 
we are injecting state-of-the-art tools backed by AI to help our frontline, and finally, we are setting up virtual teams to raise the bar on 
lessons learned at an industry vertical on key wins and losses. 
 
The final area of focus is customer experience. We are now making investments in upgrading existing network infrastructure to flapless 
networks, for lower latency and high reliability for critical customers who depend on it. We are also extending our B2C platform 
capabilities to improve our delivery and process. The third pillar of our strategy is the obsession to deliver a brilliant customer 
experience. On the network, we extensively use data science and deploy digital tools to structurally resolve issues. Our in-house 
developed and operated AI ML tool, which is the Airtel Self Optimising Network, gives us a granular view down to a device level. This 
has helped us deliver the best experience. We continue to win all the crowd sourced awards and network experience. The icing on 
the cake is that this also helps us lower power cost in the fly, which I spoke about. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to build and 
leverage our digital capabilities. Our industry first anti-spam tool has brought significant relief. We have been able to alert 252 million 
unique customers and effectively combat the spam menace. Powered by our AI driven network, this identifies over 1 million unique 
spammers making more than 130 million calls a day. That is roughly a trillion records that is processed on a daily basis. Additionally, 
our solution also detects over 7 million spam SMS’s every day. We are now making a further pivot within the company to explore how 
we can move AI from experiments to make AI native at the core of the operation. Our strategy on building new digital revenue streams 
is anchored on our core strengths and capabilities, and that is why our services portfolio includes Airtel Finance, IQ, IoT, Cloud, 
Security and SD-WAN. 
 
Let me just give you a few comments on Airtel Finance. We are lending to a very tiny fraction of our base, and are now focused on 
three areas. One is to expand the addressable user base and the second is to enable the offer across all our channels, digital and 
physical, and finally, to increase supply. To increase supply, we partnered with Bajaj Finance to create one of India’s largest digital 
platforms for financial services. The partnership combines Airtel's digital platforms and omni-channel capabilities with Bajaj Finance 
portfolio of 27 product lines and strong underwriting strength. Airtel will initially offer Bajaj Finance’s retail financial products on its 
Airtel Thanks App, and later, through our nationwide network of stores. The combined strength of this partnership will allow us to 
deepen the penetration of financial products and services.  
 
The fifth and last pillar of our strategy is war on waste. This is now ingrained in our ways of working. With the rigor to drive efficiency 
over the last few years, we have eliminated about $2 billion of wasteful expenditure. At the same time, there is still significant headroom 
to strip our waste further in several areas: network, sales, and even marketing. 
 
To sum up, overall we delivered another quarter of competitive growth. Mobile saw some residual flow through of tariff increase. The 
postpaid segment presents a significant opportunity and we are well positioned to capitalize its strong growth potential. In homes, 
FWA expansion, continued fiber home rollouts, and convergence will sustain our growth momentum. B2B retooling is on course to 
accelerate the momentum going ahead. Our discipline capex spending, financial prudence, and sustained deleveraging reflects in our 
balance sheet. We believe that our capex for the current year will be lower than FY2024, and this will continue to unwind in FY2026. 
Our focused investment approach to building digital capabilities is now paying off. Finally, I want to underscore that ARPU in India 
continues to be the lowest globally. Tariff repair is needed some more for the industry to be financially stable and deliver reasonable 
returns on a sustained basis. With that, let me hand back to Vaidehi. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you very much Gopal. We will now begin the Bharti Airtel Q&A interactive session for all the participants. Please note that the 
Q&A session will be restricted to analyst and investor community only. Due to time constraints, we would kindly request you if you 
could limit the number of questions to two per participant to enable more participation. Interested participants may click on “Raise 
Hand option” on your Zoom application and join the Q&A queue. Upon announcement of names, participants to kindly click on “unmute 
myself” in the pop-up screen and start asking the question post introduction. Participants are also requested to limit their questions to 
Bharti Airtel till 03:30 pm, as the management will start the Q&A discussion on Bharti Hexacom from 3:30 onwards. With this, the first 
question comes from Mr. Manish Adukia. Mr. Adukia, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask your question 
now. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 5 - 
Mr. Manish Adukia – Goldman Sachs 
 
Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. This is Manish Adukia from Goldman Sachs. My first question is on the capex, 
which for the India business is now tracking about 20% lower on a nine-month basis versus the previous year. Now going forward, 
which parts of your business do you expect continue to see elevated capex? You talked about the retooling of the Airtel Business. 
Would that warrant any meaningful capex investments in terms of your expansion into Cloud etc., and which are the parts of the 
business where you may see reduction in capex and related to that, for the wireless business in particular, you now are close to like 
a million base station on the mobile broadband side. Is there like a theoretical upper limit beyond which you do not really need to 
expand that? That is my first question please. Thank you. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Gopal, you are on mute. 
 
 
Mr. Harjeet Kohli - Joint Managing Director – Bharti Enterprises 
 
Gopal, you might be on mute. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Sorry about that Manish. Manish, I think, we have seen a reduction in capex we have also guided that we would be seeing a moderation 
in capex, having said that, do not just look at the nine months; I think we have still not finished the year, so while capex will be lower 
than what we spent last year, I would not want you to extrapolate exactly what has happened in the last nine months. The components 
of capex if you look at it, constitute for us, radio, which has been a substantial part of our capex. This one has decelerated very, very 
significantly, and we expect it to continue to decelerate next year. With the ceasing of the big rollouts that we saw, we are not putting 
any investments in 4G capacity all we are doing is few more 5G radios as we expand and see more devices coming in. The places 
where capex continues to be deployed- one of the big components is transport. I think for us, developing a solid backbone is crucial 
because this will be required for all our capacities, whether it is broadband, B2B or the mobile business. The core network tends to be 
a small component of the capex and then there are other places where we deploy capital. One is homes, which is getting its due 
share, and in fact, we are keen to spend more. It is only constrained by our ability to do and roll out more and more home passes, so 
that continues. B2B continues to get capex the same levels as what it has been getting, and that is pretty much about it, and data 
centers continues to spend at the same level as what it was getting, so I would say at headline, you should see moderation of capex 
even in FY2026, and with the revenue growths that we are seeing, the capex as a percentage of revenues will continue to trend 
downwards and soon be at the levels of global peers. So that is really how I would see the capex situation. 
 
 
Mr. Manish Adukia – Goldman Sachs 
 
Thank you Gopal it is quite helpful. Just a couple of follow up questions there: One, when you look at the free cash flow profile of the 
business, which continues to improve quite substantially, probably north of three billion of free cash for the last 12 months in the India 
business X of the prepayments. Now, with most of the high cost spectrum debt repayment done except maybe the fiscal 2025 spectrum 
of 8.65%, which is again like less than a billion dollar, what are the areas where again, the free cash flow may get channelized in 
terms of whether those are, I do not know M&A opportunities or returns to shareholders or you still have other debt that you think you 
may need to reprioritize and second, follow on question on your comments around investments on home broadband; again versus, 
let us say, the other listed peer Jio, your home broadband adds, while they are still very strong, remain meaningfully below what they 
are reporting. Is there any fundamental reason as to why your number should not, let us say, catch up or converge with what your 
competition is doing in terms of home broadband and FWA rollout? Thank you. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yes, I think great question Manish, thank you. Opportunities for free cash flow, I think, will be some amount of deleveraging, which 
will continue as you also pointed out. There will be a step-up of dividend for sure and that is a second area of free cash flow and the 
third, we will be selective and very prudent in any investments we make. We are looking at investments into adjacencies in B2B in 
some of these digital areas. Obviously, these will be bolt-on acquisitions; we have not got anything to report and if there is some 
substantial value asset that is around, we will keep looking at it there is nothing really that is on the anvil, but we will be very prudent 
like we always have been. The home broadband business, the way I would look at it Manish, is that I would say keep looking at every 
quarter progress that we are making. In fact, we look at it every day, Are we making progress? So, certainly, every month, we are 
making progress. I already spoke about January being better than December and February having begun better than January. We 
are as dissatisfied about the fact that we are not competitively where we should be on home broadband, but suffice it to say that every 
month, we are getting better than where we are, and I will just step back and explain to you why we have been behind on this. There 
are three drivers for home broadband: one is supply. On supply, we are matched. There is no issue on supply whether it is home 
passes and it is the towns that we rolled out FWA. The second is on delivery of value; again we are very competitive in the market 
place on a combination of both the price we offer, as well as the content that we bundle with it, and the third is the access, which is 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 6 - 
the access to leads, access to customers using all our channels. Here, I think, our focus has been on largely the direct to customer 
channel, which is the place that we have got all our growth, and also the digital channels. I think one of the things that we have done 
and we have done experiments in four or five circles. We have fired up the mass retail channel and in these circles, which were serious 
underperformers: circles like northeast, circles like Odisha; we have seen substantial gains, so much so that we are now neck-to-
neck. So, I would say that we are now rolling this out all over the country. So, it gives me great confidence that I think we are on the 
right trajectory, but at the same time makes us all very restless that we are not still where we need to be in terms of competitive 
performance. So, that is really what we are focused on. 
 
 
Mr. Manish Adukia – Goldman Sachs 
 
Thank you Gopal. I will sneak one last quick follow on question. You spent a disproportionate amount of time, or at least reasonable 
amount of time of your opening remarks talking about Airtel Finance, and given you have a lot of free cash flow in the business, is any 
kind of inorganic expansion in that segment likely at all or is this likely to be an organic build out for you? The Airtel Finance business 
in particular? That is my last question. Thank you.  
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I think, it is a bit early to answer that it is not that we are close to any option. We have a lot of strengths in the quality of the intelligence 
and the data infrastructure that we have. We have enormous strengths in the distribution that we bring, the muscle that we have 
through the relationships that we have with customers and the fact that we are omnichannel and have a digital orchestration layer to 
be omnichannel. So, we are not close to it but at the same time if you ask me is there something on the anvil just now? No. 
 
 
Mr. Manish Adukia – Goldman Sachs 
 
Thank you. All the best. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Piyush Choudhary. Mr. Choudhary, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask 
your question now. 
 
 
Mr. Piyush Choudhary – HSBC 
 
Thanks a lot. This is Piyush from HSBC. Good afternoon, two questions: firstly, in mobile segment, barring tariff hikes which you talked 
about, how much of ARPU improvement is probable using subscriber mix improvement and the other organic levers which you have 
talked about and, if I may ask the second question also, can you tell us like what is the network coverage in FWA using 5G SA and 
what is the rollout plan over there and in FWA, what is the ARPU of such subscribers and average data usage of subscribers? Thank 
you. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Your question was how much of ARPU will come outside of tariff, that was your question, I suspect, Piyush. The answer to that 
question, I think, is to look at the trajectory that we have seen in the past. Whenever we have seen ARPU growth without any tariff 
increase, you can trend it and see what it is. I see no reason for that change because the underlying drivers which I mentioned earlier 
remain intact; whether it is feature phones to smart phones, prepaid to postpaid, International roaming or data monetization. On 
network coverage of SA, on fixed wireless access, firstly, it is a myth to say that SA gives you more coverage than NSA on fixed 
wireless access, so, that, that is just not true. I think, what SA does is, as the networks of 5G starts to congest, which is very far from 
where we are today, but as it starts to congest, you could have some challenges on the uplink speeds, and that is where SA comes 
in, where the uplink speeds can be better, but today, with an empty network, we have not reached that point, so as we speak, we 
have already tested fully the SA solution for FWA, we have proven it, and given the empty network, we are not seeing any uplink 
differentiation. Secondly, we are fully ready to launch FWA, like if it can be done tomorrow morning, we can do it tomorrow morning if 
we want to and so, we will do it at the point that we need to, that is really how we approach it. This is not about the technology for the 
sake of technology. It is really to deliver true outcomes, whether it is in terms of experience or cost. So, I think, that is the way that we 
approach it so, we are fully ready. There are many thousand customers already being tested on this for the last three to four months 
and we know we can flick it on. By the way, our core network is fully ready on a converged basis. So, all the enablers are there. It is 
just about now flicking it on because it is software, and for software, there is a small fee that you need to pay. 
 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 7 - 
Mr. Piyush Choudhary – HSBC 
 
Sorry, just to clarify, so you are saying your FWA customers are also on NSA primarily at the moment and you can flip it on the SA 
network whenever you want, basically based on capacity? 
 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yes.  
 
 
Mr. Piyush Choudhary – HSBC 
 
And any colour on the usage behavior, like what is the data consumption of a FWA customer? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
We do not see much difference right now in the way we are selling it. We also want to keep the selling motions quite simple. So, the 
selling motion is quite simple: it is Wi-Fi everywhere, we offer plans from 40 Mbps up to 100 Mbps. We do not offer anything more 
than 100 Mbps on FWA. But, the customer does not know whether it is FWA or fiber. The customer just sees it as Wi-Fi. Our sales 
system just sees it as Wi-Fi. Depending on where we have fiber, we prioritize fiber in our installation and where we have FWA, we 
install FWA. So, that is the way we look at it. The consumption therefore, because the plans are similar, the usage is similar then, very 
similar to fixed broadband. 
 
 
Mr. Piyush Choudhary – HSBC 
 
May I know, like, what is the fixed broadband usage per month? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
We do not report it out, but we can offline, Piyush, I do not have it readily available. 
 
 
Mr. Piyush Choudhary – HSBC 
 
Thanks a lot. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar. Mr. Salgaonkar, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask 
your question now. 
 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar – Bank of America 
 
This is Sachin from Bank of America. Congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question, Gopal, is on the incremental EBITDA 
margin what we ended up seeing on cellular business, it is pretty high at 90%. Two questions out here: is there something in the 
quarter which specifically led to the margin moving out there, or this is a new normal going ahead? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Soumen, I don’t know, you can answer this question, but, I can just tell you that this business is a fixed cost business, so when tariff 
goes up, that flows directly to the EBITDA margin. Is this the expected margin on an incremental basis when there is no tariff repair? 
No, absolutely not. It will be still in line with improved leverage because our effort will be to continuously get operating leverage. But 
when you get a tariff jump up- just like if you have a tariff reduction- you will see the flow through immediately onto the bottomline. It 
is exactly the same because of the fixed cost nature of the business. Soumen, do you have any more colour to add on this? 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 8 - 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
No, that was the point Gopal. 
 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar – Bank of America 
 
Thank you. Second question again, wanted to understand your approach towards FWA and any colour you could give from a margin 
perspective? The way you said it is, customer sees it at Wi-Fi and I presume your fiber deployment is more into urban area. So directly, 
this is as an FWA offered more in non-urban areas or is it offered across the board in urban and non-urban areas? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Currently, Sachin, we are offering it wherever we do not have fiber, but where I think you are going with the question is an important 
point. If you have a high-rise building which is over four stories high, then it makes a lot of sense to have fiber there because there is 
the payback period that you get. The payback for the investment that you put on fiber will be much better than what it will be on FWA. 
But, on the other hand, and the reason for that is because you are putting a CPE in every home. If you have a multiport CPE, the cost 
of that FWA unit economics will drop, so if it is a single port CPE, then the economics will work better than fiber in a high-rise area. 
but the moment you start going out into flatbed geographies, for two reasons: one is that you do not have as much congestion in there 
on the 5G networks, or not that you do not have, you are unlikely to have in the future as much congestion, the economics of FWA 
tend to be quite competitive to fiber, because fiber then needs to pull a longer amount of last mile to connect that home that said we 
also have an LCO model beyond the 100 cities as you are aware, which economically works really well for us, so we are quite relaxed 
right now of where the demand is coming from. I think, for us, at a high level, rollout fiber everywhere as far as possible, especially in 
places which have four floors and above and even otherwise, try and rollout as much of fiber, focus on sweating that fiber within three 
months, six months, nine months and wherever fiber is not there, get that customer on FWA, because it is a land grab phase, as far 
as broadband is concerned. 
 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar – Bank of America 
 
Thank you, Gopal. When you say the economics are very similar to that of fiber, is it fair then to say the EBITDA margins of the FWA 
business is similar to that of home services? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yeah, It will be in that same ballpark. 
 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar – Bank of America 
 
Got it, and can I double check on this: where are the users of FWA and capex of FWA are being counted into? Is it a part of home 
services? 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Yes, it is a part of homes. 
 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar – Bank of America 
 
So the incremental capex what we are seeing an increase in homes, is largely an FWA led investment right? Along with the fiber investment? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Fiber, it goes for routers. We put capex even on the routers. Soumen go ahead. 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
As Gopal said, it is routers. We are not slowing down our fiber rollout, so that capex continues. On top of that, we have FWA rollout 
which is why you are seeing a bit of elevation in the capex in the home segment. 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 9 - 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Let me just qualify that. This is not the radios of 5G. This is only the connection that we provide on FWA in the home, which is what 
sits in the home services capex. 
 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar – Bank of America 
 
Thank you Gopal for your clarification and my last question is a follow up on your free cash flow, you did mention focus on deleveraging, 
stepping up dividend, selecting prudent M&A, any general thoughts on data center as an investment, given what we are seeing on AI, 
should that pick up going ahead as well? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
No, we are looking at it closely, and if we have something that is meaningful, we will certainly get in there. I think we are watching that 
space. We mentioned that the GPU as a service, we have currently decided to park that because things are changing very fast in that 
space, the quality of the chips and the efficiency of the chips, also the money that you make on GPU as a service, a lot of it is 
dependent on sophisticated work around how you manage those workloads, so we have done multiple workshops to really understand 
the space well and we have decided that we will not be an early mover in the GPU as a service. But, AI data centers, the data center 
business continues to remain a focus for us. We are trying to see how we can expand it and so, while conversations are on, there is 
nothing to report right now. 
 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar – Bank of America 
 
Got it. Thank you. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Sanjesh Jain. Mr. Jain, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask your question 
now. 
 
 
Mr. Sanjesh Jain – ICICI Securities 
 
Hi, good afternoon all. I am Sanjesh from ICICI Securities. Gopal, first question on the 5G customers: how has been your observation 
on the 5G customer? We have now taken them to at least 2 GB per day plan. Can you help us understand, are they using much more 
than that, are the new customers coming in upgrading more than 2GB per day? That was the earlier anticipation and expectation, 
that, that is how the 5G will get monetized. Is that getting brewed on the ground today? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
The answer to that is yes. I think this is one of the primary drivers. Data monetization when we talk about, there are two parts to it: 
one is higher end plans which offer 5G as part of unlimited data, and the second is lower end plans where the data allowance runs 
out and contextually, you are able to sell an additional pack for those few hours where the allowances run out. So, both those are in 
play. We have seen this as one of the drivers for upgradation onto the 2GB plus data packs. 
 
 
Mr. Sanjesh Jain – ICICI Securities 
 
The want of 2 GB is what? They are upgrading or just because 5G is not available below that; hence, they are pushed to buy more 2 
GB plus plans? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
No, 2 GB with unlimited data is the draw. 
 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 10 - 
Mr. Sanjesh Jain – ICICI Securities 
 
But we have not seen material increase in the customers beyond 2 GB plan in the 5G as well. Will that be a fair assumption? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
There is no reason for them to take anything more than that, because it is 2 GB plus unlimited data. 
 
 
Mr. Sanjesh Jain – ICICI Securities 
 
But once we align it with the 4G, can that be one of the levers for us to grow the ARPU? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Of course, because, then you will have more data monetization. 
 
 
Mr. Sanjesh Jain – ICICI Securities 
 
Got it, that is clear. Gopal, second on the capex side, now that we are touching close to 350,000 sites, will it be fair to assume that 
from here on, we will again go back to that earlier growth rate of adding another 7000- 8000 annually? Will that be the rate which we 
will normalize? For this year we guided 25,000 towers to be added. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I think it will come down meaningfully Sanjesh. I think, on the rollout because by and large our rollout is complete, with the exception 
of a few places like Gujarat and MP and all that, where we have not yet gone as deep. The fact is that there is a lot of headroom there, 
but it is going to be substantially lower than last year. 
 
 
Mr. Sanjesh Jain – ICICI Securities 
 
Got it. One last question from my end: will the FWA drive faster rollout of the fiber or strengthening the backhaul, because the data 
consumption per site will go up materially with FWA catching up. Will that push us to add more backhaul capacity faster than what we 
earlier thought? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Sanjesh, we have a transport blueprint and you see, the challenge with fiber is that you cannot turn it on and off every month, it has 
got long gestation because you have to plan it, you have to get right of way, then you have to trench it, then you have to sort of put it 
there, then you have to repair the places where you have trenched it, so, this is a long duration period, takes six months, seven months 
to really get something going and so about two years back, we created a five year transport blueprint and all we are doing is trying to 
accelerate that blueprint. For the last two years the only effort has been to say do more, do more, do more so that that blueprint is 
actually met. We are not yet in line with exactly where that blueprint is, but every month in the last eight quarters, every quarter we 
have made progress and we are now more or less caught up with where we need to be, so we will continue to do that. 
 
 
Mr. Sanjesh Jain – ICICI Securities 
 
Because the difference between our fiber on the ground today to the number one player or the peer is almost 2x. So, on the fiber side 
probably, we may need to do more, will that be a right assumption? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
No, we are we are doing as much as we can so just let me say that. There are three types of solutions we look at: one is fiber nodes, 
second is FTTH, which is basically 1 Gbps type of fiber which is like home fiber but that also makes the tower a Gbps ready and the 
third is E-band spectrum using the microwave backhaul, so all three are being looked at. E-band is a temporary reprieve. In case there 
is an event where a particular site needs fiber before the fiber is actually coming, so, we can then put an E-band there, but the moment 
fiber comes, we take that E-band and put it somewhere else, so, I think it is a moving thing. Suffice it to say, as far as backbone and 
transport is concerned, there is no reason for us to be uncompetitive, but there is a blueprint on fiber is what I would like to say. 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 11 - 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman. Mr. Subbaraman, you may please introduce yourself, unmute your side, 
and ask your question now. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
Hello, thank you for the opportunity, I am Vivekanand from Ambit. My first question is on the enterprise revenue and EBITDA trajectory. 
Now Gopal, appreciate your point on the commodity voice business taking up a lot of bandwidths. But is this decision not also likely 
to impact your Airtel IQ, CPaaS business, because that is one observation that came to my mind. Please clarify on this, and secondly, 
you alluded to no EBITDA impact on account of such a decision, but that does not seem to be playing out in your numbers at least for 
the first nine months of fiscal 2025. That is question one on the enterprise side. I have one more, do you want to address this before 
I move to the next one? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
This is a simple answer. I think there is no impact on CPaaS and IQ and the second thing is that you do not see this reflected in the 
numbers yet. This will only trigger in the month of February. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
So then what is the key reason for the B2B EBITDA decline in the first nine months? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I think the primary reason for the EBITDA decline, maybe, Soumen you can answer this it is the hardware sales, there is one off, take 
this up. 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
So the reduction that you tell is because we have moved to selling converged solutions: where there is connectivity, there is services 
and there is also hardware bundled into it. For example let us take security: When we do a security deal, there is security services as 
well as security license, so, unlike connectivity, which is entirely our product some of these products has resell component built into 
it. So, that is why you see some dilution in EBITDA margin over these last nine months. You understand that connectivity is of course 
growing, but these kinds of products are growing much faster and hence their weightage will keep increasing so, to that extent, there 
will be an impact. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
But I must also tell you Vivekanand that if you take the commodity businesses out, which have negligible margins obviously, EBITDA 
margins will go up right, but the question is the growth side of the portfolio, which is adjacencies, have a lower margin than connectivity, 
so, if you look at long-term basis, the question that we will have to address ourselves is: can we grow this business faster and can we 
grow absolute EBITDA, because this is not capex, these adjacencies do not have heavy capex, they are very light on capex. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
Got it. So the next question is on the digital revenue streams that you have and also your recent partnership on Airtel Finance. So, 
your competitor Jio, they spoke about their non-connectivity digital revenue annualizing 150 billion, almost half of yours, so, just wanted 
to understand, is competition so elevated or what is the challenge? You are not able to grow at perhaps the same pace as they are 
showcasing, they say 60% growth, so what is really working for them, which is perhaps not firing for you and a related question is on 
the finance side: where if you could elaborate on the Bajaj Finance partnership on how you monetize through this? That will be great 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 12 - 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I think the performance of our competitors, that question is best directed at them, rather than us. I think we report what we are doing 
which is, we think that there is a big opportunity for us to scale our digital services. The reason that we spend so much time on actually 
getting the model of Airtel Finance right is only for this. Some of the partnerships that we have had is with smaller NBFCs. With Bajaj 
this is a really big scale partnership and the idea here is to create value together. Obviously, we bring a lot to the table where there 
are almost 200 million customers who have probably never taken a Bajaj product or Bajaj does not have much information on. They 
get access to that user base, they get access to all our channels, to our distribution, and we are putting the full might of the Airtel 
system, to really ensure that this works for this partnership. On the other hand, what we get out of it is the deep underwriting expertise 
of Bajaj, their AI capabilities, their understanding of this whole business and their insights around it and this has the sponsorship of 
their senior team and therefore collectively, we are both committed to making this work, so I think that is the way that we see this 
partnership. Obviously, it should create value for both entities and give more and more people access to credit. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
Fair enough. Just one follow up on this partnership, will it get accounted for the revenue streams get accounted for in Airtel payments 
bank or in the enterprise side? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Not in payments bank because payments bank is not allowed to do this by its license. By the way, Airtel Payments Bank is the second 
part of our financial services portfolio but sits in a separate entity and that also has done very well. We are now averaging about $46 
billion of GMV. That is growing handsomely. We have 87 million monthly transacting users. We have an enormous amount. There is 
still head room to grow so that is a business that now is actually getting its momentum on its own and we will continue to focus there. 
Of course, as you know, the margins there are very thin which is why you need the scale to actually drive the value there but this will 
not sit there. This sits as part of the Xtelify unit wherever it gets consolidated. 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
It gets consolidated as a part of Bharti Airtel. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
Great, thank you and all the very best. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Aditya Suresh. Mr. Suresh you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask your 
question now. 
 
 
Mr. Aditya Suresh – Macquarie 
 
Hi, good afternoon, this is Aditya Suresh from Macquarie. Gopal, firstly, congratulations on strong execution on a really clearly 
articulated strategy, so you have kind of addressed quite a few of the issues. I had two questions: first on postpaid, you mentioned 
this as a kind of significant opportunity and I wanted to understand a bit more about the comment in itself, so is that comment more 
from the dimension of the count of the opportunity, number of subscribers or it being on the pricing structure? I guess the reference 
there is that I look back in time, postpaid has been like say four or five times higher than where prepaid tariffs were at, today we are 
much, much lower than this right, so just your thoughts on this opportunity? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
When I was commenting on the opportunity, our user base is a small fraction of the overall 80 million base that potentially, is credit 
worthy based on the data models that we have, so the ability to actually convert more and more onto postpaid I think, is really what I 
was commenting on. There is no reason why we should not get upwards of 50 million over the next few years on postpaid, because 
there is an 80 million base that is ready to actually get onto postpaid. That said, I think your observation is also right, which is the 
overall compression of the price table has meant that postpaid pricing is now not very different from prepaid of course, it is at 2x 
premium, but it used to be much higher and if the price architecture changes in India where prepaid starts moving up like the way it is 
in Indonesia, which goes from 100 to 200 to 400, then, clearly there is a headroom for growing postpaid pricing, because a lot of value 
gets delivered through postpaid in the form of bucket allowances, rollovers of data, content being bundled and so on and so forth. 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 13 - 
 
Mr. Aditya Suresh – Macquarie 
 
Are you able to articulate any updated priorities here for that specific entity: that entity or the passive infrastructure kind of business 
which rolls up under par? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
[Technical issue with Audio] 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
The next question comes from Varatharajan Sivasankaran. He's online and ready to ask you a question. Mr. Sivasankaran, you may 
please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask your question now.  
Alright, thank you everyone. I would like to remind all the participants to stay connected on the call for the next session on Bharti 
Hexacom, but before that Gopal, I would like to pass over to you for your closing remarks. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Thank you very much. I think, thank you for all your questions, as usual they were very perceptive and thank you for all of that and I 
hand over back to Vaidehi for follow up on the next concall, so hope to see you soon in the next quarter. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you very much Gopal. With this, I would now like to hand over to Mr. Soumen Ray for his opening remarks on Bharti Hexacom’s 
performance. 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Bharti Hexacom Q3 FY2025 earnings call. I will start with a brief on the proposed passive 
infrastructure transaction and will then move on to the financial performance. We are planning to transfer approximately about 3400 
telecom towers to Indus. We believe that this transaction will lead to better operational and financial efficiency. From operational point 
of view, not only will it free up management bandwidth but also lead to better expansion of returns. Lastly, we believe that Indus will 
be able to run these towers more efficiently and create long-term value. Moving onto financial performance, we delivered a revenue 
of 2251 Crores growing sequentially by 7.3%, smartphone customer additions was at 4.5 lakh compared to 1.43 lakh in the last quarter, 
of course, being impacted by the tariff repair. Net customer addition saw a rebound of 4.94 lakh, which is a churn improved to 1.9% 
compared to 3.2% in the last quarter. The company delivered another quarter of industry leading ARPU growth of 5.7% to reach 241. 
EBITDA stood at Rs.1194 Crores with EBITDA margin of 53% improving by almost 300 bps. EBITDAaL, which is the new terminology 
that we have introduced, and the right one to monitor the organization’s performance, for the quarter was 1042 Crores with a margin 
of 46.3%. Net income for the quarter stood at 261 Crores and cash generation for the quarter was robust with operating free cash flow 
with an EBITDAaL minus capex of about 758 Crores. Net debt to EBITDAaL improved to 1.03. With that, I hand you over to Vaidehi 
to open the floor for questions. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you Soumen. We will now begin the interactive Q&A session. Due to time constraints, we would request if you could limit 
questions to two per participant to enable more participation. Interested participants may click on “Raise hand option” on your Zoom 
application and join the queue. With that, the first question comes from Mr. Sanjesh Jain. Mr. Jain you may please unmute your side, 
introduce yourself and ask your question now. Requesting everyone to kindly raise your hand to be in the Q&A interactive session. 
Interested participants may click on “Raise hand option” on the Zoom application to join the Q&A queue. The next question comes 
from Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman. Mr. Subbaraman, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask your question 
now. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 14 - 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
Thanks Vaidehi for the opportunity. I am Vivekanand from Ambit. My first question, Soumen, is that now that the transfer of 3400 
towers will happen to Indus Towers, that is almost 13% of your tower footprint so how will that change your P&L from a cost structure 
standpoint? That is question one. I will ask my next question after this. 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Well, if you look at net income level, there would not be much of a difference, because of course we will be receiving some 
consideration, which has an opportunity cost, so, at a net income level we do not expect much of a difference between what it is now 
and what it should be later, but of course, once the deal is consummated, we will know but should not be very material to the overall 
P&L. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
I was more concerned about how we should model the reported EBITDA margin from a modeling standpoint as an analyst, I have to 
ask you this question? 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Of course, from EBITDA point of view there will be some dilution in the EBITDA. Consequent to the incremental IP fee, you see the 
energy will remain the same there is no difference; the O&M will remain the same. There will be some IP fees because there will be 
some return which will be taken by Indus on the investment; to that extent EBITDA will get very marginally diluted, but that will be very 
small and what I am trying to say is whatever is there has an impact will get unwound, because this money will help us in either 
investing or pairing down our debt on spectrum or otherwise, so at a net income level we would not be materially different from what 
we are seeing. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
Got it. Unlike your parent, which has almost two times net debt ex leases to EBITDAaL in your case it is only one time and with the 
cash inflow from this transaction, you will be looking at only debt of very negligible amounts, so, how do we think about the capital 
structure now here on and the use of cash for Bharti Hexacom? 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
There is angle of dividend payout. We must also remember that this FWA rollout will create a need for capex in Hexacom, because 
this FWA CPE is significantly more expensive than the broadband CPE, so, there will be some need of additional investments, but 
yes, the net debt to EBITDA looks very promising at just above one and as you rightly said that if we get this money, it will further 
come down. Dividend payout is something which will be certainly looked at with a positive angle. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
Is there any capex guidance that you would like to provide in light of the FWA scale up that you are planning, should it significantly 
accelerate for you in the next fiscal or the coming? 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
So, directionally same could be marginal increase, it all depends on FWA rollout. As you know, that in terms of a footprint of the radio 
capex we had done and hence, there could be some increase because of the FWA capex but directionally, not very different. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
Understood, thank you and all the very best. 
 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 15 - 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Interested participants may click on “Raise hand option” on your Zoom application to join the Q&A queue. Upon announcement of 
names, participants to kindly click on “unmute myself” in the popup screen and start asking the question post introduction. With this, 
the next question comes from Piyush Choudhary. Mr. Choudhary, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask your 
question now. 
 
 
Mr. Piyush Choudhary – HSBC 
 
Thanks for the opportunity. This is Piyush from HSBC. On home broadband segment, could you tell us what is the FTH home pass 
coverage for Hexacom and FWA kind of coverage at this moment, and what could be the TAM in the geographies where Hexacom 
is, like Mr. Gopal Vittal mentioned that 45 million can go to 90 million for pan India, like, how do we break it down to regions in which 
Hexacom is there? 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
In terms of addressable market, I would say this would be about 3 to 4 million. We are present in close to about 200 cities in Hexacom. 
 
 
Mr. Piyush Choudhary – HSBC 
 
200 cities for FWA? 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Total, between FWA and fiber. 
 
 
 
Mr. Piyush Choudhary – HSBC 
 
And, FTH home pass? 
 
 
Akhil Garg – Financial Controller – Bharti Airtel Limited & Chief Financial Officer, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
About 2 million home passes we have, currently at Bharti Hexacom 
 
 
Mr. Piyush Choudhary – HSBC 
 
Got it. Thank you very much. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you. The next question comes from Mr. Mohit Motwani. Mr. Motwani, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and 
ask your question now. Mr. Motwani, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask your question now. 
The next question comes from Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman. Mr. Subbaraman, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself 
and ask your question now. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
Thanks, this is Vivekanand again from Ambit. I just have one follow up. Could you help us understand the exceptional charge of 1.4 
billion that was taken during the current quarter and what was the way forward here, in terms of this charge, is there any legal discourse 
that you have to perhaps get some relief here? Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q3 ended December 31, 2024 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited 
- 16 - 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Well as any other organization, there is a periodic review of the carrying value of various assets and liabilities, so in that review, it 
was felt that there is a provision which has to be taken. There were also some reversals on account of the recent court judgement 
on passive infrastructure, it is a combination of this. There is no cash payout or anything of that sort. Time-to-time, when you review, 
basis that, there is a provision, which has been taken towards regulatory dues, and as far as trend is concerned, absolutely not, by 
nature, it is an extraordinary item, so there is absolutely no trend of this, it is a onetime decision. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
Soumen, if you could give some colour on what this pertains to, was it any new development during the current quarter or is this part 
of some contingent liability that you have decided to provide for during the current quarter. 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Yes, you will see mostly a corresponding reduction in the contingent liability. 
 
 
Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit 
 
Thank you very much. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you everyone. Now, I would like Soumen to give his closing remarks for Bharti Hexacom. 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Thanks a lot for joining in for the call. We look forward to connecting with you in May after our Q4 results. Thank you. 
 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you Soumen. Thank you everyone for joining today. Recording of this webinar will be available on our company website. 
Thank you once again and have a great day ahead. 
