 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
Registered Office: Unit No. 103, 1st Floor, C&B Square, Sangam Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Village Chakala, Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400 059 
T. : +91-22-67875300 • F : +91-22-67875334 • www.SBFC.com • Email:  complianceofficer@sbfc.com  
CIN No : L67190MH2008PLC178270 
 
   Date: 30th January, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051. 
NSE Symbol: SBFC 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
21st Floor, Dalal Street,   
Mumbai – 400001. 
BSE Equity Scrip Code: 543959 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call which 
was held on 27th January, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.sbfc.com/investors under the section ‘Investor Presentation – Call Transcripts’ 
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Namrata Sajnani 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NAMRATA 
SAJNANI
Digitally signed by 
NAMRATA SAJNANI 
Date: 2025.01.30 
18:43:55 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“SBFC Finance Limited Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASEEM DHRU – MD & CEO 
MR. MAHESH DAYANI – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
MR. NARAYAN BARASIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. PANKAJ PODDAR – CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
MR. SANKET AGRAWAL – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RENISH BHUVA – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SBFC Finance Limited Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the "*", then "0" on your touch tone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Yes. Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to SBFC Q3 FY '25 Earnings Call. 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to thank SBFC Management Team for giving us the 
opportunity to host this call.  
 
Today we have with us the entire top Management Team of SBFC, represented by Mr. Aseem 
Dhru – Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Mahesh Dayani – Chief Business Officer; Mr. Narayan 
Barasia – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Pankaj Poddar – Chief Risk Officer; and Mr. Sanket 
Agrawal – Chief Strategy Officer and Head IR.  
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Aseem for “Opening Remarks” and then we will open the 
floor for Q&A. Over the you, sir.  
Aseem Dhru: 
Good morning and thank you for your time this early morning. Since our road shows, and in every 
quarterly call thereafter our guidance has been growth at 5% to 7% quarter-on-quarter, cost 
reduction of 50 basis points year-on-year, and credit cost in the region of 80 to 100 basis points.  
 
If you compare our December '24 to that of December '23, because it is a long-ish period to give 
you a full idea, then I will talk about the quarter. December '24 to that of December '23, our AUM 
has grown by 30% year-on-year, while core operating profit has grown much faster by 38% year-
on-year. This was aided by increased operating efficiency, because we have reduced our cost to 
income ratio from 45% to 40%. So, overall, against an indicated 50 basis point reduction for the 
year in nine months, we have delivered about 68 basis points. As we continue to invest in growth, 
our cost would be stable this quarter, and we will aim for a further reduction of 50 basis points in 
the coming year.  
 
In a rising interest rate environment, our cost of funds has reduced by 3 basis points year-on-year, 
keeping our NIMs steady at 10.26%. The ROA has expanded from 4.31% to 4.49%, despite 
increase in leverage from 1.5 times debt-equity to 1.84 times debt-to-equity. Credit cost has inched 
up from 83 basis points to 97 basis points during the year. ROEs have expanded by a full 200 basis 
points from 10.77% to 12.77%.  
 
In terms of quarter-on-quarter, we have grown within our guided range at 6% with core operating 
profit also growing at 6%. Quarter-on-quarter yields have further expanded by 12 basis points to 
17.81%. And with the stable cost of funds, we have increased our spread to 8.43%. Credit cost is 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
marginally down quarter-on-quarter to 97 basis points and a flat cost to income ratio quarter-on-
quarter.  
 
Bank finance is about 60% of our total liabilities. And as the year goes by, over the next financial 
year this number will come to under 50%. In April '24 call, we had called out that we would see 
the tides of the economy ebb, tightening liquidity and rising consumer leverage, and that the year 
is going to be a challenge on three fronts - Growth, NIMs and credit quality. The same was restated 
in the July and October calls, too. When we called it out, we were the canary in the coal mine, a 
lone voice. Now slowing consumption and elevated consumer leverage is common commentary 
and coffee table discussions.  
 
We are still a small company and to that extent the size of the economy and growth does not matter. 
We stay focused on execution and navigating the currents we find ourselves in. A year back I had 
said that the industry is too optimistic, today I say it has become too pessimistic. The truth is 
always somewhere in the middle. We continue with our guidance of 5% to 7% quarter-on-quarter 
growth, annual reduction of operating cost by 50 basis points, and credit cost at the higher end of 
our guided range of 80 to 100 basis points.  
 
As always, we remain cautiously optimistic. With that, I hand it over to Narayan. 
Narayan Barasia: 
Thank you, Aseem. Hi, good morning everyone. Thank you, Aseem.  
 
Our AUM for December '24 is Rs. 8,148 crores with a growth of 30% on a Y-o-Y basis and 6% 
on a Q-o-Q basis, with 99% of our book being secured by properties and gold. This growth is in 
line with our guidance given earlier. We added about five branches during this quarter and the total 
branch count now stands at 197 as of 31st December 2024.  
 
Our borrowing cost has remained stable at 9.31%, given the stress in the liquidity in the market, 
this is a good achievement.  
 
The yields and the spreads continue to remain stable at 17.81% and 8.5%, respectively, for the 
quarter. Our OPEX continued to reduce and is at 4.62% for the quarter due to improved operating 
leverage, which is again in line with our guidance of reducing OPEX as a percentage of AUM. 
Our return on average AUM for the quarter is 4.49% with a return on average equity further 
improving to 12.75%.  
 
In terms of asset quality, our GNPA remained stable on a Q-o-Q basis at 2.7%. Our 1+ DPD 
portfolio for secured MSME increased marginally to 6.52%. Our credit cost is at 0.97% for the 
quarter, again, in line with the guidance. We remain healthy at a PCR of 40.2% as of December 
2024.  
 
In terms of capital and return ratio, our capital adequacy ratio is at 38.4%. Tangible net worth is 
Rs. 2,820 crores as of December '24. We made profit of Rs. 88 crores for the quarter, therefore 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
reporting a profit growth of 38% on Y-o-Y basis and 5% on Q-o-Q basis. Our nine-month profit 
for the year exceeded the 12-month profit of FY '24. 
 
With this, we open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Hi, two, three questions from my side. One is, you kind of said that your yield on loans has gone 
up marginally, will be around 12 basis points quarter-on-quarter. So, just curious what is driving 
it, whether there is a change in the lending rates or the mix or what is it? And the second one is on 
gold loans, your book is sort of flattish or probably gone down a little bit this quarter despite the 
fact that there are a fair amount of tailwinds for the gold loan companies. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Hey, hi. Mahesh here. So, responding to your first question on the yield. So, in the mix, the ME 
yields have largely been stable. So, the bump up that you see in the yields is largely on account of 
gold which has come in. So, the yields on the gold portfolio have moved up, so at a consolidated 
level the 12, 13 basis points increase that you see is largely contributed from gold. That's one. 
 
Second, I guess quarter three, the growth in gold was relatively lower, obviously it was coming 
off from a higher base in Q2 and Q1. But the run rate that's been there in Q3, we expect that the 
same momentum of that run rate is going to continue in quarter four without compromising on the 
yields. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. Just extending the first question, what is your view on the pricing environment at this point 
of time? Do you see, with whatever is happening around, do you really see the rates going up? Or 
given the fact that we are kind of probably looking at a rate cut in the near future, would you kind 
of expect the rates to go down? We have seen competition tightening rates a little bit, so. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, I do not think the rates, specifically on the gold, are going to go up from where they are. The 
range is anything between 18% to 21%, so I guess that's going to be extremely range bound. So, 
there's very limited room that's going to be available to increase the pricing there. Maybe on the 
lower end where probably the yields are in the range of 11%, 12% or 13%-odd, maybe there's 
going to be some movement there. But the ones which are already priced in and fully priced in, I 
guess there's going to be very little headroom available. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
On the MSME side? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
The MSME side I guess will be largely stable. I do not think that there's opportunity to increase or 
inch it up beyond from what we are already charging. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And just one last one, if I can squeeze in. I believe you have been sort of tightening your screens, 
so do we see the process further continuing or do you think we are now done? And in that sense, 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
maybe on a sequential or probably maybe on an annual basis we will start seeing disbursements 
growth kind of leaping up from here on. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, you are right, we have further tightened the screens and as we reiterated in the last call, that 
obviously the login to disbursal numbers have been impacted because of it. But that's what we see 
on the ground where, on account of high leverage probably we are not able to underwrite as much 
as we could. We expect this to continue and probably we will be watchful for at least a quarter 
more before we slightly open the gate. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. And sorry just last one, since you mentioned this, when you say higher leverage, how do you 
look at it, if you could kind of give some data point or a portfolio cut on how you have looked at 
high leverage? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Yes. So, Nischint, our customers largely borrow against their property. So, these are largely driven 
by institutions who lend to them against the property. But there are only one odd loan or probably 
at best two. What we meant is that the amount that they have already borrowed in addition to the 
secured loan is a little too high, which impacts their FOIR or their repayment capacity. So, if you 
are not very comfortable on the amount that an individual is seeking, then we try and stay away 
because we feel that he is not going to be in a position to probably service the loans in the near 
future. So, that's a cautious call, that's a pretty guarded call that we have taken. And this is 
something that probably we initiated almost three, four quarters back, and that probably also 
explains why the disbursals have been slowly inching up despite the opportunity still existing. So, 
we feel that we will probably wait for at least a quarter more before we actually go back and revisit 
the underwriting norms. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So, quantitatively it means that you brought down your FOIR or something? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Sir my question is on like the current scenario in the small ticket LAP segment. So, of course you 
were the first one to highlight that there are some sort of stress building up or maybe customers 
are going through some sort of seasonal cash flow mismatch. So, sir, where do we stand in terms 
of that cycle? Do you feel that things have started improving? Or it's too early to call that we are 
at, let's say, peak of the cycle? 
Aseem Dhru: 
See, these are economic winds. They move the way they move. It is not about that all customers 
are in trouble or that there is a major crisis. It is just that a certain segment of customers has got 
overfunded by the industry and those are the problems that are coming home to roost. So, at the 
very lower end of the spectrum we are seeing the problem the highest. So, when you are going at 
the lowest end of lending, that's when we are seeing the problem highest, which is why we have 
not gone below those ticket sizes of lending yet. And at the middle segment you have to be 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
watchful. There is nothing dramatically that you are changing. We are financing bread and butter 
businesses, we are not financing manufacturing, we are not financing any exotic businesses. These 
are trade and services, basic B2C businesses.  
 
So, you have to go borrower by borrower. So, there are equal number of good borrowers, but there 
are also some borrowers where it's a marginal increase that is actually what can cause a concern. 
So, I mean, in 100 if you make two mistakes it's okay, if you make five mistakes then that becomes 
a lot. So, those additional three is where the problem is. So, you just have to be watchful, nothing 
dramatically different. These cycles keep coming, one has seen many, many cycles come and go. 
You just have to do the right thing and watch the winds and play accordingly.  
Renish Bhuva: 
So, nothing alarming as of now, at least in terms of cycle? 
Aseem Dhru: 
No. See, the problem is this only that we get either too enthusiastic or we get too pessimistic. This 
is our problem as a nation. We are emotional people. And also, three quarters back I had a problem 
telling anybody that there is a problem, nobody wanted to hear it. Now everybody has gone the 
other extreme, saying the whole world is coming to an end. So, there have been many such cycles 
come and gone, you have to keep playing your game. Some damage will come and you have to 
take that damage and move on. And then as long as you are delivering a profitable outcome, it's 
part of the course.  
Renish Bhuva: 
And maybe just a book keeping question. So, credit cost assumption, etc. will remain intact, right 
sir?  
Aseem Dhru: 
We are not changing any guidance.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Mistry from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Sir, I wanted to know what would be our floating rate mix in the borrowing side? And secondly, 
would like to know, I mean, since you highlighted there are some of these stress building up in the 
small ticket SME segment, so I would like to know whether this is specific to few regions, few 
geographies, or this is like a pan-India situation that we are seeing? 
Narayan Barasia: 
So, let me answer your first question. So, we do not take interest rate risk. On the asset side, we 
have all the assets which are variable, floating rate. So, on the liability side also 99% of our loans 
are on a floating rate basis. 
Mayank Mistry: 
And related to the geographical, I mean, the stress, whether it is concentrated to few geographies 
or how is it, I mean, how are you seeing the trend? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
So, there is no geographical concentration, some geographies here and there keep happening, but 
it's a general credit cycle we would say which we are watching and we manage it accordingly. 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hrishikesh Thakker from Value Quest Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Aniruddh here from Value Quest. My first question was on the 
moderation in OPEX. So, obviously you have been achieving the OPEX moderation target that 
you called out earlier, but does that at some point have a correlation with growth? And do you 
believe that in the interim with the challenges that we are seeing, and this moderation in OPEX, 
growth could slow down in the medium term? Obviously next quarter you will retain your 
guidance, but medium term growth is based on implication of the OPEX slowdown? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, I think as a company we started with a significantly higher OPEX, to begin with. And I think 
now is the time where probably you see it sliding down. But I think a couple of quarters back the 
questions were as to why the OPEX was high. But thankfully, now the distribution is beginning to 
sweat and that's how you see the OPEX moving down. What we have always guided is, we will 
grow, we will consolidate, and we will grow again. Our guidance on adding 25-odd branches in a 
year continues intact, irrespective of the market, irrespective of the cycle. And that we feel is going 
to give you a good risk adjusted return on an overall front. So, if our guidance is anywhere between 
5% to 7% growth on AUM, and to deliver the required ROE, I feel a lot of those investments have 
already done in, and incrementally these investments will continue to trickle in.  
 
The reason that you would not see the significant uptick in OPEX is largely because most of the 
heavy lifting on the high costs have already been done. And they were done in upfront because 
you were laying distribution across the country in each of those states, which is extremely 
expensive. Now the incremental investments are more to do in spokes, in smaller cities and in 
variable costs with respect to employees at the front end. So, you would not see significant OPEX 
getting added. So, on a marginal costing basis, I feel that it's going to be a lot more accretive. And 
that's the reason we said that we are more than confident of meeting our OPEX outcome without 
compromising on any of our AUM growth or credit cost outcomes. 
Aniruddh: 
Second question related to this was, the new client addition in this quarter in particular seems to 
be slightly muted, anything to read into that number? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
No. So, let me just put numbers and perspective. As we had mentioned earlier that we did tighten 
up our underwriting screens at the beginning of the year. So, just to give you a sense that earlier if 
I was originating close to around 100-odd customers, 50-odd customers would pass through the 
door. Now that number has dropped to roughly around 45 or below, and that's roughly a 5%-6% 
impact. We originate close to around 20,000-odd customers, and out of which probably currently 
7,500 pass through the door, which is less than 40%.  
 
So, if you just put your numbers and say that if you were to go back to our original numbers of 
efficiency of going back to 5% or 6%, that's at 1,000-odd customers and average ticket size of Rs. 
10 lakhs is almost Rs. 100 crores delta that you would otherwise get in a quarter. This we feel is a 
result of what is consciously, by design, being implemented at SBFC. As and when we feel a little 
confident that the market's beginning to open up or probably the credit risk is beginning to get a 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
lot better, we will accelerate. So, I think the good part for us is that we have all our ammunition 
ready. We have the distribution, we have the people on the ground. It's on us to decide how much 
do we want to accelerate without compromising on any of our credit parameters. 
Aniruddh: 
Final question was on this other income line item. So, other income slowdown is on account of 
this slowdown in disbursement growth or is there anything else? 
Narayan Barasia: 
So, we have a business where we do servicing to institutions. There's been a slight slowdown in 
that income, so that is what we call a LMS fee income, a slight slowdown there. Other than that, 
as a percentage of disbursement, percentage of AUM, all other numbers remain the same. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
This actually pertains to the liability side. What we can see is that there is a little bit of an inch up 
on liquid investments on balance sheet over the last one quarter. Apart from that, what we can see 
is that the share of bank borrowings has actually been going up. Is it kind of some reading that you 
will probably be a little bit more cautious on liquidity at this point of time? 
Narayan Barasia: 
Yes. So, I will take this question. So, Nischint, liquidity is certainly tight in the market, and the 
MCLR is also going up. The good thing is, we have been able to contain the cost of borrowing, 
right. So, we generally keep a liquidity buffer in a range. And so in September it was slightly 
lower, in December it was slightly higher, but it is in still the same range where we maintain the 
liquidity. So, liquidity is actually not very high. But yes, we continue to maintain a high liquidity 
given the tightness in the market.  
 
To your next question, whether the bank borrowing is going up? Actually, no. So, we are 
diversifying a lot. For instance, if you compare the data versus March, you will actually realize the 
journey we are into in terms of diversification. We added a lot of money from NCD investors. We 
are now moving towards DFIs and you will very quickly hear that. So, there's a diversification 
happening. As we go along, more and more diversification will happen. But as of now, if you have 
to look at all the bank borrowings we have, it is almost about some 60%-odd, including the FCNBs, 
etc., we borrowed from the banking system. 
Aseem Dhru: 
Nischint, liquidity is the price of a good night's sleep. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
That's true. 
Aseem Dhru: 
Let us sleep in peace, do not object to liquidity. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Fair point. But you are not seeing any tightness by any of the banks? 
Aseem Dhru: 
No. There's nothing sort of tightness per se, we are sitting on a large pipeline of approved credit. 
The problem is the rate of interest, so it takes longer to arrive at an acceptable rate of interest, 
rather than absolute amount of liquidity. 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And what would be the difference in you -- 
Aseem Dhru: 
You guys keep needling the bank saying your net interest margin is falling so then they keep 
needling us. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. What is the difference in incremental and weighted average cost of funds as we speak? 
Narayan Barasia: 
So, we are borrowing at the same average cost of borrowing what is there today. So, our cost of 
borrowing, incremental cost of borrowing, and the weighted average cost of borrowing remains 
the same. The challenge is to really hold this at this price. So, that's the reason you will see over 
the last three quarters, even though MCLRs, etc. would have gone up, the cost of borrowing 
remained the same or slightly coming down. So, it's almost at the same level, incremental cost of 
borrowing is the same.  
Aseem Dhru: 
But having said that, it's going to be tough to hold. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Okay. Because the MCLRs are going up.  
Aseem Dhru: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Taluja from Aditya Birla Sunlife. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Taluja: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the quarter and your elaborative commentary, and at 
least showed your cautiously optimistic stance as well. Sir, just a few questions, firstly, in this 
environment what growth do you envisage for FY '26? Where you see that FY '26 can head towards 
from a growth standpoint?  
 
Second, from the industry one question, any particular sweet spot in the ticket size where you are 
very comfortable to lend in the current environment? And which ticket size where you think that 
there's an increased delinquency or any customers segment which is showing the vulnerability? 
Also, in this if you can add, although you do not do less than Rs. 5 lakhs ticket size loans category, 
but any particular read through for this ticket size, how that segment is behaving, less than Rs. 5 
lakhs?  
 
And last question is around, when you expect to reach the part of the 15% ROE, return on tangible 
equity by when one can expect? Thanks, these are all my questions. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, from a growth perspective, I think we do not want to bore you, but nothing changes, we 
continue to maintain a 5% to 7% growth even for the coming year as well, irrespective of how the 
cycles move. And that's a growth that we feel is comfortable both on our financial capital and 
human capital and will give us the required outcomes in terms of profitability.  
 
I think your second question was related to the sweet spot on the ticket sizes. I think we lend out 
to customers where the pricing is anything between 12% to 21%. And that's a large range of 
customers that we cover. In the current context, I think it's more to do between 11% to 17% is what 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
probably we are looking at. The lower end or the extreme low tickets is something that we are 
extremely watchful for. So, we have stopped peddling that particular segment. But as and when 
the market tends to open up, then probably we are going to start expanding there. But we have 
seen these cycles come in our professional careers over a longer period of time, and nothing lasts 
forever. So, I guess that it's a quarter or a couple of quarters before it seasons in.  
Himanshu Taluja: 
Sir, any particular read through for less than Rs. 5 lakhs ticket size, how that segment is behaving 
in the current times? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
That, I do not think we will be able to comment. That's not our domain, so we would have very 
little commentary to talk about that particular market. And 15% ROE is what your question was. 
So, what we are looking at is the last quarter of next financial year or the first quarter subsequent 
to that is where we will land at a 15% ROE or whereabouts.  
Himanshu Taluja: 
Sorry, I missed out. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
The last quarter of next financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir, given the current situation and tightness in liquidity, how do you see evolving competitive 
landscape in MSME financing? Has it been lower? And since we are at a strong footing vis-a-vis 
our peers, are we thinking to push our growth more and increasing the market share? Anything on 
that front, sir? 
Aseem Dhru: 
First of all, strategies do not change as per what the wind changes. So, we are doing nothing new, 
we are doing nothing different. We will keep doing what we are doing, the same ticket size, the 
same customer segment, and growing at the same pace of growth. So, there is enough for us to do 
right there. We have enough challenges. There is also going to be a challenge to both maintain the 
profitability as well as maintain the credit quality. We have enough challenges; we will try our 
best to meet to those challenges. There is nothing new that we would wish to do at this point of 
time. We just wish to keep steady, we have to deliver cost efficiencies. We still have a long road 
to get to where we wish to see the organization at. We are still an early-stage organization. We are 
not even seven years old. We have a long path and we have to work hard to get to that path. So, 
nothing, there is no gate change. We will keep doing what we are doing and hopefully keep getting 
better at it with time. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
And any color on competition? Has it kind of subsided? How it is? 
Aseem Dhru: 
No, competition is always there. The shape and form keeps changing. Sometimes some players 
get active, sometimes some players cool off. So, competition in India is always there. And the 
segment that we are doing, technically in financial services, there is no moat in any segment. So, 
all players end up doing everything, it is just that, the beauty of financial services is that everybody 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
does the same thing, but they do not get the same results. So, we have to just focus on our 
execution. And if we execute it right, we will get the results. If you do not execute it right, we will 
not get the results. Competition doesn't matter. We do not meet competition really in the field as 
much. It is more conceptual thinking on Excel sheet. The reality is that, we have to work hard to 
execute well on the ground. That's what our job is, and that's what we will stay focused on. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Fair enough. You, I think answered my second question but still, any plans to enter into another 
segment or increase the ticket size? As of now it doesn't seem like, right? 
Aseem Dhru: 
Nope. There's nothing really exciting that we have to say. We would hope to continue on our 
boring journey. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir, I joined the call late, so sorry if I am being repetitive. But just one thing in terms of any of the 
segments wherein you would have made the credit filters slightly stronger, no doubt it's evolving 
based on the macro and the operating environment, but any changes either on the credit side, on 
the underwriting side, on the collection side that maybe you would have done over past three to 
six months looking at the environment? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
So, last two, three quarters actually we have been a little more cautious. Some underwriting 
parameters which we can specifically say are some underwriting parameters we have tightened 
around the eligibility and the onboarding. So that we can take care of some of the emerging aspects, 
including the leverage aspect. So, parameters around that we have become a little more cautious. 
Kunal Shah: 
And should that reflect in terms of the overall approval rates what we are disbursing and the files 
which we are evaluating or logging in, so is it like very well reflective of that? And would it mean 
that maybe either we need to strive more to get a similar disbursement run rate or maybe we should 
be satisfied with a slightly lower growth? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, I guess if I were to summarize the last three quarters, I think we did two, three things at the 
beginning of the financial year when we announced that we could probably see the orange light or 
the green turning into orange. One was largely on the credit filter that Pankaj articulated. Then 
there were certain geographies that we had paused in some of the markets where we saw that the 
overall delinquencies was moving up, independent of the SBFC's portfolio behaving. So, that's 
something that we paused. Third I guess we invested upfront a lot -- 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir, geographies would be? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
There's one state in the east and one state in north. In some of these markets, we have decided to 
go a little slow. Also, in terms of our collections, infrastructure is something what we strengthened 
during the course of the year. So, these were the conscious investments that we made. What I can 
tell you is, from an overall login perspective, the logins obviously is a lot higher. As I had reiterated 
earlier, I am not too sure whether you were there in the call then, but I was just giving a perspective 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
that obviously what we were logging in earlier and what is going through the door is probably 6% 
to 7% less. So, if we are originating close to around 20,000 applications in a quarter, 6% is roughly 
around say 1,200, around 1,000 to 1,200, so that's a delta of almost Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 120 crores 
in the quarter. That's something that we feel could have been accommodated, we could have done 
it,but given the market, we are trying to leave that on the table which is on account of either we 
feel the leverage is a little too high, or the pricing probably is not to the effect that we would want.  
 
These are the kind of cycles where we feel that we have seen that in the past come through. But 
it's just a matter of a couple of quarters here or there before it just comes back to normal. What we 
remain committed is that we remain committed to investing in the businesses, investing in the 
distribution. As far as the catch up to where probably the original metrics was is just a matter of 
time. Having said that, we are not changing any of the guidance. Our guidance for growth 
continues to be intact, irrespective of the cycles and irrespective of the outcome that you see. 
Kunal Shah: 
And despite this, I think there are enough levers on the OPEX efficiency side, productivity side 
wherein we are not worried even in terms of OPEX. So, I think on the earlier question you 
answered that still you seem to be confident in terms of the cost ratios. So, when we are seeing 
these investments being slightly stringent, I would say like more volumes getting into the logins 
but not getting approved, still not impacting the cost ratios as such. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, on a variable cost structure, part of that is funded. So, that's not so much going to have a bearing 
on the overall structure. As I also covered earlier in the call that most of the heavy fixed costs have 
already been accounted for, are already penciled in. Incremental costs are very, very marginal, 
which will literally have no bearing on the overall cost structure. 
Kunal Shah: 
And proportion of fixed vis-a-vis variable in the overall cost would be? 
Narayan Barasia: 
You are talking about OPEX? 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, OPEX. 
Narayan Barasia: 
So, largely, everything is fixed, right, because the rentals and the salaries etc. are fixed in nature, 
but also in a way it is variable because every front-end team gives us incremental business. So, for 
instance, when we added five branches, in a way the cost of five branches is variable to the extent 
that these five branches would give us more business, right. So, in a way, everything is fixed. But 
yes, it's variable because it's about productivity at the end of the day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shweta D from Elara. Please go ahead. 
Shweta D: 
Sorry, even I joined late, so this might be a repeat question. Sir, you mentioned that the yields 
range now, at least in near to medium term, would be around 11% to 17% as against 20% plus on 
the higher side earlier. So, do we change our credit cost targets going forward? Like, now do you 
see the agreeable range could be closer to 1% or higher, one, in the near term given the glitches 
currently in the system; and two, across cycles? Thank you. 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, what we have maintained on our credit cost outcomes has been 80 to 100 basis points. In the 
current cycle we have been guiding that it's going to be towards the high end, it could be probably 
10 basis points here or there. But given the current cycle that we are in, we have adjusted our 
origination also accordingly. If we were not to adjust the origination accordingly, then probably 
these credit outcomes were difficult to achieve. When I maintained that our range is anything 
between 11% to 17% is what we are currently focusing on, but your credit cost is on your overall 
portfolio. So, currently what we originate, the color of that portfolio comes in only with a lag. So, 
it's a little difficult for us to juxtapose the credit cost in the next quarter versus what we are 
originating currently. But what we are currently doing will help us to be within a guided range of 
what we have been projecting of 80 to 100 basis points. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Chintan Shah: 
Congratulations on the quarter. Sir, as you mentioned sir, we have tightened the underwriting 
standards at the beginning of the year. So, probably would there be a case of relaxing the same and 
how far that would be as of now? What could be the triggers for relaxing those standards? So, any 
thoughts there?  
Mahesh Dayani: 
I think a little too early for us to say that we are going to be relaxing any of those parameters. The 
current trend what we are seeing does not seem to suggest that it's time as yet. So, what we are 
going to be doing is going to be watching for another quarter before we revisit any of those filters 
that we have implemented. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. So, the main parameter would be the consumer leverage sir, so if that probably cools down 
a little bit, then there could be some relaxation, is that correct or not? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Yes, I think there are multiple things, you could have a customer where the CIBIL score is upwards 
of 700, but we feel that the leverage is high, the inquiries are high. The LTV is probably not to the 
acceptable level that we would want. I mean, there are multiple variables that go in before we 
actually take a call on the customer. So, currently, we would like to hold on to whatever filters that 
we have done. Maybe at the end of or probably the next quarter call we can give you an update as 
to how comfortable we are, but currently the status quo remains. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sir secondly, as you told the market opens up, probably we could further accelerate on the growth 
momentum. So, could there be a case also for an 8% to 10% Q-o-Q growth for some quarters or 
we would expect ourselves to 5% to 7%? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
We will, as of now, commit ourselves to 5% to 7%. We will see how probably the market opens 
up, probably at that point of time we can be in a better position to comment on it. But as of now, 
as what we see, our guidance remains the same. 
Chintan Shah: 
But in case the market opens up, so probably one, two quarters down the line if we relax also on 
underwriting front, so there could be a case for even higher growth than the guided one, right? 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Could be. But I am not going to fall in for that as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over 
to the management for their closing comments. 
Sanket Agrawal: 
Thank you. That's it from our side. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
And you may now disconnect your lines. 
