 
 
 
 
R SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
Corporate Identity Number : L74899DL1993PLC053579 
[CMMI Level 5, PCMM Level 5, ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 27001:2013 Company] 
C-40, Sector-59, NOIDA, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P., India – 201 307 
Phones: +91-120-4303500 
Fax: +91-120-4082699 
Email : rsil@rsystems.com 
www.rsystems.com 
Regd. Off.: GF-1-A, 6, Devika Tower, 
Nehru Place, New Delhi- 110019 
 
REF: SECT/02/2025/17 
 
 
 
 
 DATE: FEBRUARY 21, 2025  
 
To,                                                                             
The Managing Director 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra – East, Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol – RSYSTEMS 
To,                                                                 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code - 532735 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
SUB: SUBMISSION OF TRANSCRIPT OF THE INVESTORS/ ANALYSTS CALL FOR THE 
QUARTER AND YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024  
 
This has reference to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investors/ Analysts 
call held on Friday, February 14, 2025 on the financial results for the quarter and year ended on 
December 31, 2024. 
 
Further, please note that the Transcript of the aforesaid Investors/ Analysts call held on Friday,  
February 14, 2025 is being made available on the website of the Company at the following link: 
  
https://www.rsystems.com/investors-analysts-call/   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For R Systems International Limited 
 
 
Bhasker Dubey 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
 
BHASKER 
DUBEY
Digitally signed by 
BHASKER DUBEY 
Date: 2025.02.21 
19:42:46 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
  
 
 
 
“R Systems International Limited  
Q4 & CY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITESH BANSAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. NAND SARDANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. KUMAR GAURAV–VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE & 
ACCOUNTS)  
 
 
Notes:  
1. Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/ discussed during or 
in pursuance to this Earnings Call.  
2. This transcript has been edited for readability purpose and may contain errors. The Company 
takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the R Systems Q4 & CY 2024 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kumar. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kumar Gaurav: 
Thank you, Rio. I welcome all participants to R Systems Earning Conference Call. Since                
R Systems follows Calendar Year as its Financial Year, Quarter 4 is the last quarter. October to 
December quarter is Quarter 4 for us. 
 
We have today with us Nitesh Bansal – Managing Director & CEO, R Systems and                               
Nand Sardana – CFO, R Systems. 
 
We have shared the investor presentation in evening yesterday. Hope everyone had received the 
same. We will start the call with opening remarks on the performance of the Company by Nitesh, 
followed by the financial overview by Nand. Thereafter, we will have a closing statement by 
Nitesh. Subsequently, we will open up for a Q&A session.  
 
Before I hand it over, let me read out the customary disclaimer statement on behalf of the 
Company. Investors are cautioned that this presentation contains certain forward-looking 
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation publicly 
to update or revise any such statements. These statements may undergo revisions because of new 
information, future events or otherwise. Actual results, performance, achievements could differ 
from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. 
 
Now I pass to Nitesh for his opening comments. Thank you. Over to you, Sir. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you, Kumar. Good Morning Everyone, and Thank You for joining this earnings call.  
 
I will start with the key highlights for the year for those of you who are referring to the 
presentation starting from Slide No. 4. 
So, like Kumar said, this is not only Quarter 4, but also a full-year earnings call for us. So, I will 
be covering both the quarterly as well as the full-year highlights.  
 
To begin with, I am very happy to report that we closed the year with Rs. 1,741.7 crore or $208 
million in revenue, which is about a 4.6% year-on-year growth without counting the one-time 
fee that we got for a BOT transfer last year. Otherwise, it is a 3.4% growth year-on-year.  

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
We closed the year at Rs. 291 cores of EBITDA, which is about US$34.8 million, which is an 
EBITDA margin of 16.7%. On a comparison basis, it is an expansion of about 200 basis points 
or a growth of about 18.7%, excluding the one-time BOT fees.  
 
Throughout the year, not only from a revenue and EBITDA highlight perspective, we also strive 
to achieve excellence in various areas of our business and we have been very happy to receive 
rewards for the same. We were recognized as the Best Supplier of the Year by one of our key 
clients, the Chamberlain Group. And this is across all categories of suppliers for the company. 
So, as a partner to Chamberlain Group, we are extremely proud to receive that award. 
 
We also were recognized as the Top 10 Leading AWS partners to watch in 2024. We were once 
again recognized as Top 500 Value Creators by Dun & Bradstreet and we were also recognized 
as one of the Best Tech Brands for 2024 by the Times Group.  
 
Not only that, we also significantly enhanced our status of partnership and alliances with some 
of our major partners. With Microsoft, we became a solution partner in three out of the five 
competency areas. With AWS, we have extended our advanced partner status from what was 
two to now seven more areas of partnership.  
 
In Salesforce, we moved to the Crest partner status, which gives us access to a lot more of 
Salesforce capabilities and the ability to pull Salesforce into critical projects as we need. And 
we also started a new partnership and alliance with ServiceNow.  
 
In addition to this, we also participated in Everest peak metrics assessments, and we were 
recognized as major contenders across three of their peak metrics, one for software platform 
engineering services, other specialized for ISV and platforms, and a third one in the healthcare 
area. So, the year has been obviously extremely busy and rewarding in that sense.  
Coming to the financial performance for Q4: We ended the quarter at Rs. 449 million or $53.2 
million. From an EBITDA perspective, Rs. 80.1 million or $9.5 million, which is 17.8% of 
revenues. From a revenue growth and adjusted EBITDA growth perspective, our revenue grew 
1.1% quarter-on-quarter, and the EBITDA grew by 0.6%. On a year-on-year basis, revenue grew 
by 7.8% and EBITDA by 24.6% compared to the same quarter last year.  
 
Our net profit stood at Rs. 39 crore or $4.6 million. The bridge for EBITDA and how this change 
has happened quarter-on-quarter is largely Rs. 7.1 crore addition due to better utilization and 
other standard operations. We got about a Rs. 1.3 crore benefit of the rupee depreciation, and we 
lost about 7.9 crores because of the lower billing days. As you know, Q4 is normally a soft 
quarter, also has two lower billing days, which typically has an impact about 3% or $1.3 million 
for the quarterly revenues.  
 
 
 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
Moving to the full-year performance:                                              
Like I said earlier, we closed the year at Rs. 1,741.7 crore or $208.2 million, and Rs. 291 crore 
or $34.8 million in adjusted EBITDA, which is about 16.7% of revenues.  
 
Compared to last year, without the one-time BOT fee, which had a 1% impact, we moved from 
14.7% to 16.7% of EBITDA on a comparable basis. This is revenue growth of 3.4% year-on-
year, 4.6% net of that one-time fee and an EBITDA growth of 18.7% net of the one-time fee. 
Our net profits stood at Rs. 131.2 crore or $15.7 million.  
 
Some of the balance sheet items, the equity attributable to shareholders stands at Rs. 624.1 crore, 
cash and bank balances at Rs. 196.1 crore, AR and unbilled at Rs. 339.6 crore, and our DSO 
stayed stable at 61 days.  
 
From an EBITDA bridge perspective, we got gains largely due to our operational efforts on 
improving utilization of Rs. 44 crore. Rupee depreciation benefited us by about Rs. 12.6 crore. 
And other standard operating expenses increase took away about Rs. 11.1 crore from that, 
resulting in the Rs. 291 crore of reported EBITDA. 
 
Moving on to the financial trend across last eight quarters, we have seen a consistent growth 
across the last eight quarters with momentum building up over the last three quarters with 
reasonable volume growth coming in. And we are seeing the positive movement in the market.  
 
Our revenue for the Company crossed Rs. 445 crore this quarter. So, that's a milestone, and we 
obviously wish to keep that milestone stacking-up higher and higher. Our adjusted EBITDA 
crossed Rs. 80 crore from Rs. 54.3 crore in the past.  
 
The quality of revenues has continued to improve, as I have said also in the previous earnings 
calls, with our approach to deeper relationships with clients and winning more deals and very 
focused on cloud data and AI type of areas, helping customers build their SaaS platforms and 
doing higher-order platform engineering work with our clients.  
 
Just to provide an EBITDA analysis, there were the one-time fee as well as the non-cash RSU 
charges which we are adjusting to be able to provide the EBITDA from operations perspective. 
We look at Quarter 4 of 2024 versus 2023, our revenue stood at Rs. 449 crores versus Rs. 416 
crores in the same quarter last year, resulting in an operating EBITDA of Rs. 80 crore versus Rs. 
64.3 crores last year, which is a 24.6% growth.  
 
However, because we gave out employee stocks as RSUs, the charge associated with that, which 
is a non-cash charge of Rs. 7.3 crores, brings down the reported EBITDA to Rs. 72.8 crore, 
which is 16.2% of revenues.  
 
On an annual basis, we did a revenue of Rs. 1,741.7 crores compared to Rs. 1,684 crores in FY 
2023, which is inclusive of the BOT charge. So, this is as reported. And on that basis, our 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
operating EBITDA is Rs. 291 crores compared to Rs. 264 crores as reported. But when adjusted 
for that one-time fee, the EBITDA for FY 2023 would be Rs. 245 crores as compared to Rs. 291 
crores this year, which is an 18.7% improvement or growth. When applying the non-cash RSU 
charge to it, which is Rs. 29.9 crore or almost Rs. 30 crore, our reported EBITDA stands at Rs. 
261.1 crore, which is 15% of revenues.  
 
Overall, we have expanded our operating EBITDA by about 200 basis points. And as I have 
mentioned in some of the previous earning calls, we have consciously made this effort to grow 
EBITDA, to give ourselves more room for investments for growth and largely in the sales and 
marketing areas.  
 
Moving to the operating metrics, there is no major change in our geography splits. U.S. revenues 
stand close to 74.2%, Europe contributes about 9%, Southeast Asia has expanded slightly by 
about 50 basis points to 13.3% and the rest of the world at 3.5%.  
 
From a client concentration perspective, when we look at the top 10 clients, our revenue 
contributions largely remain the same. The 1% impact that you see is because there is a 1% 
additional revenue, which was the one-time BOT fee, which is included in the FY 2023 numbers 
in the chart.  
 
Utilization is at its peak at about 82%. We believe, we have taken or we have squeezed all the 
juice out of the utilization lever. We believe we can maintain utilizations at similar levels. We 
will make some strategic investments as we go forward in building deeper capabilities on AI and 
cloud and security, which we continue to do.  
 
But we have set the operating parameters in a manner that we believe we should be able to 
maintain very close to this level of utilization with a few bps, here or there going into some 
additional COE investments from time to time. 
 
Our days of sales outstanding has stayed consistent at about 60 or 61 days, 61 days for this 
quarter, and we continue to maintain that.  
 
In terms of building for the future, we have significantly enhanced our go-to-market posture. We 
came out with a GCC offering and playbook for mid-size enterprises where we are enabling 
working in partnership with enterprises to build and scale their GCCs if they have an intention 
to establish their own GCC in India. And this is an addition or advancement to something that 
we have been doing for years, where we set up dedicated ODCs for our customers, which houses 
their development teams, which is working on their R&D platforms and helping them build their 
products and platforms.  
 
We have also started doing joint go-to markets with some of our key clients creating 360 degree 
relationships. What that means is that we have gone beyond just being an outsourced product 
development partner for these customers. We are also partnering with them in professional 
services and in pre-sales to enable sell their products to their clients because a lot of those 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
products require customizations even during the pre-sales process before they can be bought by 
the client or implemented by them. And this makes our relationships more sticky and deeper 
with the client where we are no longer just a part of the product development, but we are also 
part of their revenue pipelines.  
 
From a delivery priorities perspective, clearly, AI has been the flavor of the day. We had 
launched Optima AI as our AI workbench middle of the year, which was to enable our employees 
to start using Generative AI capabilities in their day-to-day work in the software development 
lifecycle. It is now being spread across more and more of our engagements and both on the 
engineering side as well as on the managed services side. 
 
Optima AI has also now expanded to start including some of the Agentic AI workflows. And 
wherever we are building can handle operations, can create a quick ROI for our customers, those 
Agentic AI use cases have also been now included into Optima AI.  
 
From an offerings and positioning perspective, in the last quarter or so, we actually launched 
three new offerings to the market. We launched an offering for modernization solutions, which 
is transforming Monolithic products and platforms to Microservices-based architectures. We 
launched the Chaos Engineering Integrated DR Model to enhance business continuity and 
resilience. We also launched a service to migrate the reporting infrastructure from anything, that 
accelerate Qlik or Tableau or anything, to Power BI.  
 
We have also significantly strengthened our partnerships with Alliance partners, both with 
solutions that we have launched on their marketplaces, as well as increasing our certifications 
and raising our status of partnership together with them.  
 
From a leadership expansion perspective, in the last quarter, we added some key leaders to the 
team. Ashok Chawla joined us as Senior VP of Global Delivery based in Pune. Neeraj 
Abhyankar joined us to lead our Data and Analytics practice, including AI and Suresh joined us 
to lead our Salesforce practice.  
 
With this and through the year with the leadership additions we have done, we have actually got 
nine key leaders added to the overall management bandwidth, increasing both our capability, 
positioning, and engagements with our clients across the world. That covers our Chief Customer 
Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, our HR Head, and a CTO for cloud security, along with SVPs 
of delivery as well as an RMG lead who have all been inducted during the year.  
 
With this, we have created a structure as well as the capability and capacity to be able to take 
additional business challenges and new kind of opportunities that come through as the market is 
opening up.  
 
To highlight a few key wins for the quarter, a leading ESG data management platform engaged 
us to enhance their existing platform by providing expertise in full-stack development, data 
engineering, digital operations, and to drive innovation and streamline the ESG compliance.  

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
One of the leading financial services companies based in U.S., which specializes in trading and 
risk management and global payments, has onboarded us for their Salesforce managed services, 
system enhancements, strategic guidance, along with ensuring security and scalability.  
 
One of the large banks in the Caribbean has mandated us for their digital transformation journey, 
starting with the developing of a mobile app, integrating APIs, and streamlining the Forex 
request handling to drive operational efficiency.  
 
We have also engaged with a global leader in simulation and training software provided to 
several defense organizations across Europe to accelerate their customer project deliveries and 
bolster the product roadmap for their flagship product. This strategic collaboration will help 
them realize revenues quicker and fortify their competitive advantage.  
 
We also got engaged by a US-based software product company, which has multiple products, to 
transform some of its drafting and legal solutions from legacy to SaaS-based solutions. So, again, 
going back to the Monolithic to SaaS-based or Microservices-based architecture kind of things, 
which will offer operational efficiencies and improved document quality and accuracy. This is 
also a project where there is an embedded AI component into it, which actually enables a lot of 
this natural language processing and document reading and matching and those kind of things.  
 
I think at this point, I will hand over to Mr. Nand Sardana to take you through some of the 
financial highlights as covered through the press release and provide some more details on the 
full year P&L. Nandji, over to you.  
Nand Sardana: 
Thank you, Nitesh Ji, Good morning to all. Thank you everybody for attending the call. 
I will cover Q4 as well as year. Revenue for the quarter was Rs. 449 crore or $53.2 million as 
against Rs. 444 crore or $53 million in last quarter. Last year same quarter, it was Rs. 416 crore, 
or USD 50 million. This is year-on-year growth of 7.8%, quarter-on-quarter growth of 1.1%. 
The quarter-on-quarter growth is impacted by lower billing days in Q4. The year volume growth 
is around 3%.  
 
The gross margin was 37.9% compared to 36.3% last quarter and 34% same quarter last year. 
The improvement in margin is the result of operational efficiencies. SG&A expenses has 
increased from Rs. 81.7 crore last quarter to Rs. 90.3 crores this quarter. This is due to increased 
investment in sales engine along with year-end provisions. Adjusted EBITDA is 17.8% 
compared to 17.9% last quarter. Net profit after tax was Rs. 39 crore or USD $4.6 million.  
 
Now I will cover the yearly numbers: 
The revenue for the year was Rs. 1,741.7 crores or USD 208.2 million compared to Rs. 1,684.2 
crores or USD 204 million last year. Excluding the impact of BOT fee, the revenue grew at 4.6% 
year-on-year. The geopolitical uncertainty and inflationary pressures impacted our revenue 
growth this year. We are making focused effort to add large accounts to have profitable growth.  

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Getting now to gross margin:                                                  
It was at 35.9% in the current year compared to 35.3% last year. The improvement in gross 
margin is the result of improved efficiency.  
 
Getting down to SG&A:                                                  
SG&A expenses have increased by Rs. 4.9 crore, in percentage term, SG&A were about 19.2% 
this year compared to 19.6% last year. The adjusted EBITDA before RSU cost is Rs. 291 crore 
or USD 34.8 million, compared to Rs. 264.5 crore or USD 32 million last year.  
 
As a percentage of revenue, our EBITDA was 16.7% compared to 15.7% last year, it was 14.7% 
excluding one-time BOT fee. The Company has been able to expand 200 basis point EBITDA 
margins on the back of improved revenue mix and operational efficiencies.  
 
We are committed to upscale our investment in expanding digital competencies along with 
further strengthening sales, pre-sales, and marketing activities for future growth. However, we 
are confident of maintaining the adjusted EBITDA margin as well. RSU cost under management 
incentive plan is Rs. 30 crore, EBITDA net of RSU expenses is 15%.  
 
Coming on to depreciation and amortization:                                                  
The total expense was Rs. 65.4 crore compared to Rs. 54.4 crore last year. This includes Rs. 24.9 
crore for the current year and Rs. 12.4 crore in last year for intangible capitalized on account of 
Velotio and ScaleWorx acquisition. Non-recurring costs for the year 2024 was Rs. 2 crore 
compared to Rs. 11.9 crore last year. This year, non-recurring expenses pertain to the merger of 
Velotio with R Systems.  
 
The interest expense is Rs. 8.4 crores this year compared to Rs. 9 crore last year. This is mainly 
due to interest on short-term borrowings and office lease taken and capitalized under                           
Ind AS 116. Other income in 2024 was Rs. 6.2 crore compared to Rs. 11.2 crore last year. This 
year we had an exchange loss of Rs. 1.1 crore due to depreciation of the rupee compared to the 
exchange gain of Rs. 2.3 crore last year. Further, the other income comprises of interest income 
of Rs. 3.7 crore this year compared to Rs. 7.2 crore last year.  
 
The average rate in 2024 was USD 83.67 and EURO 90.52 as against last year USD rate of 82.57 
and EURO 89.29. These are the two main currencies for R Systems. At the year-end, we have a 
total forward USD cover of 40.8 million with average rate of 85.28 and Euro cover of 2.1 million 
with average rate of 94.38. This has already been marked-to-market as on the closing rate of 31st 
December.  
 
Our tax expense is Rs. 60.3 crore this year as against Rs. 60 crore last year. Effective 
consolidated tax rate is 31% as against 30% during last year. Amortization of intangibles like 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
customer contact and non-compete on Velotio and ScaleWorx are not tax deductible. Excluding 
this, the effective tax rate would be between 27 to 28%.  
 
Net profit after tax was Rs. 131.2 crore or $15.7 million compared to Rs. 140.1 crore or $17 
million last year. Basic EPS for the year was Rs. 11.09 compared to Rs. 11.84 last year. EPS is 
impacted by RSU costs during the year. And last year there was one-time BOT fee.  
 
With that, let me hand over to Niteshji for closing remarks.  
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you. So, just in summing up and looking ahead, we clearly see that the deal activity has 
picked up and there are a number of sizable RFPs that have been out in the Q4, 2024and which 
we have participated in and they are getting decided and should result in awards during the Q1, 
2025.  
 
The focus partnerships with customers, as I talked about 360-degree relationships, as well as 
improving the status with hyperscalers is beginning to influence both stickiness in existing 
business, as well as our ability to win new deals. So, these are very heartening changes or positive 
movements that have taken place.  
 
Some of the trends that I believe are shaping up the coming year, 2025. The Agentic AI as a 
discipline, as a technology, promises to provide better line of sight to ROI because these are 
agents that solve small, repetitive operational activities, so they have much lesser adoption curve, 
they have much lesser cost to operate, and hence have better ROI as compared to more expensive 
Generative AI.  
 
However, there is, of course, debate going on with DeepSeek which has significantly reduced 
the cost of carrying out a Generative AI kind of a setup and we believe that such disruptive 
innovations will keep coming and they will offer more opportunities to put Generative AI use 
cases in a more viable manner into real-life scenarios.  
 
GCCs has been a major trend that has developed during the year, and a lot of companies are 
looking at it to set up their own GCCs. And specifically for mid-sized clients who do not have 
any presence in India, it's a great opportunity to partner with companies like R Systems to help 
them enable to take advantage of this opportunity.  
 
We have already rolled out our playbook. We are engaging in those RFPs or one-on-one dialogs, 
and we are seeing a good traction in the market with that. And despite some of the uncertainty 
because of changing policies with the new U.S. administration, etc., we are actually quite 
optimistic of carrying the growth momentum into 2025 and being able to take advantage of the 
same.  
 
So, I will kind of pause over there, not to take away too much time from the Q&A part. I will 
hand back to Rio for the Q&A portion.  

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes, thanks for giving me the opportunity. Am I audible?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
Yes, Mihir. Go ahead.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes, sure. Congratulations on the overall utilization going up and margin improvement 
happening over the entire year. Sir, I largely wanted to understand the GCC strategy. You rolled 
out the GCC playbook. I mean, what exactly are we going to do over here? I mean, you know, 
what services are... <Inaudible>. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Sorry, Mihir. I can't hear you anymore.  
Moderator: 
We seem to have lost the line from Mihir. We will move to the next question. Next question is 
from Nikhil from Kizuna Wealth. Please go ahead.  
Nikhil: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity and congratulations on great utilization numbers and 
margin improvement. So, my first question is, can you give us a highlight on how the ACV and 
TCV has grown both as a qualitative metric and a quantitative manner? And sir, now are you 
seeing the pipeline is getting really good, so, have you signed any large deals or you are still 
looking at the smaller deals coming in? And have you signed any new client in ISV verticals 
<Inaudible>. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
I am sorry, Nikhil, what was the third part of your question?  
Nikhil: 
A new client in ISV vertical or have we grown over wallet share in any kind of new client?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
All right. So, Nikhil, on a qualitative basis, our ACV and TCV have certainly grown. If we look 
at it from a perspective of number of deals that we signed during the year, which within the year 
or with the opening deal give us over half a million dollars of revenue, that has grown more than 
double-digit percentages. Actually, we have over 50% growth in those kind of deals.  
 
While the pipeline is made up of all kinds of deals, because we are not saying no to small deals, 
so there are plenty of small deals, but the number of larger deals in the pipeline has certainly 
gone up. And we have also seen that now, we get invited to a lot more RFPs. If I just compare 
with, let's say, two years ago, the number of RFPs we would respond to were in single digits. 
Now we are responding to more than double-digit RFPs each quarter which is, I think, is a 
combined result of both improved positioning, working with hyperscalers and partners, as well 
as the kind of propositions we are taking to the market.  
 
In terms of client signings, yes, we have signed a number of new ISV customers. The ESG 
company example that we took, is a platform company which has an ESG platform, and they 
provide, platform as a service ESG reporting services to their clients.  

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Similarly, we signed up a health tech platform in the ISV's space, which is specifically focused 
on behavioral health services, and we are enhancing and modernizing their platform. So, we 
have signed up a significant number of new ISV clients, some of whom are actually greater than 
$1 billion companies, which also has been one of the focus areas to move our business towards 
larger client sizes to get more meaningful wallet share from them.  
 
So, yes, I think on all the three parameters, we have seen the leading indicators move in a positive 
direction.  
Nikhil: 
That's great to hear and very positive to hear. Sir, now, second that we are focusing on the GCC 
trend that is catching up. So, sir, how are we supposed to partner with the mid-sized clients over 
there? And what kind of services are we going to provide? Can you elaborate on that strategy 
over there on the GCC one?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
I think Mihir was asking a similar question when his line dropped off. So, if he is back online, 
maybe this answers part of his question as well. So, look, setting up centers for development is 
nothing new for us. We have always been working with product and platform companies doing 
their R&D and their extended product development. We set up dedicated teams for them in an 
ODC format and those are dedicated teams. In that we work only for that client and continue to 
deliver on that platform for year after year.  
 
GCC is a construct where certain clients believe that they can do more R&D work or they can 
put more of their IP into development in India Center, if they had ownership of it, So, for us, 
from an operational perspective, setting up a dedicated ODC, putting a team together, putting 
the right methodology, tools, delivery capabilities, putting up the delivery pipelines, and all of 
those things in place is nothing new.  
 
The only thing new is to work with the client on the basis where potentially, down the line, they 
may want to own a part of that center and call it their own. And that is mostly a contractual 
construct where after a certain number of years, if they wanted, they could take away a part of 
that which is core to them, which gives them more confidence to put more work into India. And 
for us, we believe that it is a win-win proposition because not only we participate in setting it up 
for them, we benefit from the scale of the operations. And even when they take away, let's say, 
a part of it which is core to them, they continue to work with us because we are upscale partner 
for them. And if you look at the GCC trends in India across the 1,700 odd GCCs that exist 
already, you look at those that have grown successfully over the course of last five or seven 
years. You will find that they typically use anywhere between 25% to 45% of the total capacity 
as an extended capacity from partners. So being a part of that play, growing with them, doing 
more strategic work, and continue to reap the benefits, is the play for us.  
 
From a services perspective, we are offering end-to-end services. When they want to own the 
company or own the setup that is core to them, we would enable their entity setup and hiring 
their key leaders, etc., or do an EOR for them, which is all paid services. We will obviously 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
work with our partners for legal and other things behind us and be able to offer a one-stop 
solution for them. 
Nikhil: 
That's great to hear. Now Sir, how are we looking at the growth for CY 2025? Are we looking 
at targeting for double-digit, high double-digit growth? Like, can you just provide a quantitative 
perspective to the growth?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
Historically and now also we haven't provided guidance, but I have always maintained that our 
ambition is to hit market-leading growth. And with some of the tailwinds, if they happen well 
within the beginning of the year, then we will certainly look at creating that kind of growth 
trajectory. Right now, it may be too early to say because we are coming out of a lean year. We 
have seen the deal activity, and we are very positive about it. But, yeah, all efforts in building 
up the Company, the capability and our posturing to the market is to target towards a market-
leading growth delivery for the year.  
Nikhil: 
Yes sir, that's great to hear. And Sir, are we looking for any kind of acquisitions going forward 
to enhance our growth? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
We have always been open to acquisition. It is a core part of the thesis that we will grow both 
organically as well as inorganically. Last year also, we have actively looked at several 
opportunities. We have our area earmarked where we want to do inorganic acquisitions. If the 
target is right, with the right kind of valuation, we are absolutely geared up to do that. And we 
continue to be actively engaged in some of those conversations even now. So, yes, it is on the 
cards, but acquisition is like, you look at many and then maybe one will happen. So, yes, we are 
working towards it and when the right opportunity is there, we will certainly make a move.  
Nikhil: 
Okay, sir. That's great too here. and Sir, how will this acquisition be funded?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
We have all the options of being able to fund it. Thanks to being backed by a very large private 
equity like Blackstone and being part of a Blackstone portfolio gives us immense amount of 
access to both the ability to scout those acquisitions and value them right, but also in terms of 
funding, right from using our own funds to borrowing to getting more capital infusion, all sorts 
of options are open. So, we are not restricted by any. 
Nikhil: 
Okay, sir. That's great to hear. So, I will be join back the queue. Thank you, sir.  
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. Please 
go ahead.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Thanks for giving me the opportunity. On the GCC side, are we seeing larger RFPs coming 
around this particular piece and any meaningful conversations happening around that? 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Yes, it's an opportunity which is kind of growing and we have ourselves seen a few RFPs in the 
space. Typically, the RFPs in GCC are clearly larger because they come with also a certain 
commitment of number of years of engagement, etc. So, we have seen that. We are responding 
to a few and so they are in the works. And like I was mentioning to Nikhil earlier, doing the 
GCC setups is not new for us, as we have done ODCs for a long time. And we have also, during 
the results talked about the one-time BOT fee in 2023, etc. So, we have done GCCs in the past 
as well. So, we have a pedigree and a successful track record of having done them in the past 
too.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure. How would be the realizations in margin for this business?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, if I am understanding your question, are you saying, is there a different kind of a margin 
profile for GCCs versus the others? And the simple answer is larger deals do come with slightly 
lower margins, which gets made up with the upfront commitments, etc., that they make. But we 
are not seeing, the total revenue from GCCs to suddenly become so big that it has a material 
margin impact on the overall company's performance. But deal by deal, even otherwise, right, 
in our normal business, there are deals which get us a much higher margin than others. But 
overall, we continue to look at our margin profile as a Company as a whole, and we are quite 
confident that we can manage that.  
Mihir Manohar: 
My second question was on this productivity benefits, which are getting passed on by different 
companies. So, are we facing similar kind of pressure from a high-tech client that we are having, 
either Google or Microsoft or Amazon for that matter? Any thought to pass on productivity 
benefits around that?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
So far, not. And I think there is a clear distinction to be made because the productivity benefits 
and expectation of passing on productivity benefits largely, exists in a managed services space 
where people are doing more support and maintenance work. Bulk of our work happens to be 
Product Development and product R&D or re-platforming or modernization, which are all 
projects in nature.  
 
So, they are usually contracted based on what it will take to deliver the project, whether you 
work on time material or fixed price, but you are making that upfront assessment and putting up 
a cost for it, So, there is no element of that productivity because year-on-year, you are continuing 
to do the same work because we are doing new development works.  
 
Now, having said that, we mentioned earlier, we prepared our organization for using Generative 
AI to bring in whatever tools we can to gain benefits or advantages of productivity where we 
can. Currently, it's nascent or in early stages and our customers are also not looking for it. But if 
it truly becomes pervasive and we see significant benefits, we might end up sharing some of that 
with our clients. But in effect, it should still have a margin improvement impact on us because 
if we save something and pass part of it to the client, we still gain in terms of margins.  

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Mihir Manohar: 
Understood, So, you are not facing the price kind of pressure which is there in managed services 
space.  
Nitesh Bansal: 
No, not that kind of pressure, clearly.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Understood, sir. And I just broadly wanted to understand that in the last six quarters, we have 
been trying to get market-leading growth. I mean, after the change in management and change 
in shareholding, which has been there, any broader thought that any fixes, utilization has gone 
up pretty well, margins have gone up pretty well. But when should we see the growth, once 
again, kicking back for us? How should one pan out? Are there incremental fixes that are 
required from the company perspective? Any capability filling up or is it largely related to 
market? And if you could throw some color around the top 10 client conversations, what kind 
of conversations are you having, which potentially can indicate some growth for CY 2025, some 
bit external color around that, quantitative color, that will be really helpful.  
Nitesh Bansal: 
It is largely market-related because our business is largely project-based and based on 
discretionary spend and that is a prime reason why we are so dependent on the market sentiment 
for being able to get that kind of growth. Last full year, we have experienced some amount of 
churn which happened in the market. We still managed to add enough number of clients and 
new logos to be able to make up for the churn and still post a certain amount of growth into the 
system. Also from a management perspective, wherever we have identified gaps or new 
capabilities that we need to build and add, we have continued to do that. So, from that 
perspective, we haven't left any glaring hole to be plugged as such. But we will continue to look 
new opportunities come by and we will continue to look at those. And wherever we need, we 
will get additional capabilities. Wherever we need, we will invest. As per our plan also, we will 
invest more in the sales and marketing side to improve the number of feet on the ground and 
number of people walking the corridors with the clients.  
 
From a top 10 client perspective, we don't look at it as top 10 alone, because if you look at our 
exposure to top 10 clients, it's really not that big. We don't have a client concentration, neither 
as a risk, or as an advantage as such, because the total contribution of top 10 clients is hardly 22- 
23%. We look at top 50 clients where, all of those clients are pretty much at a stage that any of 
them can grow or most of them can grow and discussions with them have been focused on how 
we increase the wallet share with them.  Some of the 360 partnership discussions and 
relationships are developing towards those. So, those have been some of the key discussions. 
Taking over some of their product portfolios. Now that they have seen us, worked with us, they 
know our capabilities. Maybe they can trust us with a lot more ownership. And those are the 
kind of discussions shaping up and internally, we are aiming at seeing how we can move many 
more of those clients to the two-plus and five-plus million-dollar categories so that we can build 
a deeper book of business with each of them. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Deep Modi from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Deep Modi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations on maintaining healthy margin. So, most of 
questions already taken. So, what would be the portion of outsource product development for 
which R Systems is known for versus other offerings in our total revenue?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
We specialize in doing platform builds and development and especially SaaS platforms and 
vertical SaaS for companies. So, when it comes to product development where we really excel, 
it is the products that get platformed, have a component of cloud because they need scale and 
they are SaaS-based, have an integrated data pipeline and data elements because, again, it's SaaS 
or vertical SaaS and requires a real-life data analytics, etc., integrated into it.  And increasingly 
what we are doing is, where the products need and have the capability to then integrating ML 
pipes into it. So, that's been our niche. But, you know, most of the times customers want to try 
us out for things first before getting on to that place. So, it always is like a journey. But we are 
doing a lot more of these SaaS platforms as we talk. And a lot of them are AI-first platforms that 
we are working with.  
Deep Modi: 
My last question is, are we seeing any addition in the clients from Blackstone channels?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, from Blackstone channel, the client addition has been a consistent thing. Every quarter, we 
add at least one or two clients from the channel. By the end of Q4, we already have worked with 
about 11 active clients in Q3. Now we have about 14 active clients. We have totally worked with 
about 16 clients, two of which we did projects, one-off projects, etc. So, that number continues 
to increase. And I think, I had mentioned in the last earnings call as well, at any point of time, 
we have at least a dozen conversations which are also going on. So, our pipeline also remains 
active with a lot of those Blackstone portfolio companies.  
Deep Modi: 
Okay. Thank you very much and all the best.  
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Nitesh Ji, I just wanted to understand if I have heard correctly. The 
Q4 growth has been impacted by close to 3% because of the furlough. So, is it fair to assume 
most of these furloughs can recoup in the first quarter of calendar year CY 2025 and there could 
be some additional ramp-ups? So, the start of CY 2025 could be on a good growth momentum. 
And if we maintain that, achieving a double-digit at least in terms of the growth rate may not be 
a big task in CY 2025.  
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, Sandeep, first and foremost, let me correct the point. It's not just a furlough impact. It's a 
lower number of working days compared to Q3. Q1 actually has the same number of working 
days as Q4. So, Q1, the Calendar Year 2025 has the same number of working days. So, the 
volume growth will obviously continue or reflect, but it does not add anything because the 
number of working days doesn't go up.  

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Having said that, the rest of the extrapolation I will leave to you because I am just continuing to 
focus on making sure that all the deals that we have participated in, that those decisions come in 
quickly. And then the clients gear up to start them quickly because, while RFPs are a great 
leading indicator, but ultimately revenue happens when the rubber hits the road, when we have 
won and the customer has actually started the engagement. And January has been busy with 
some of those, and we will obviously look at the outcomes during the quarter.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Just the follow-up in terms of growth in the top clients in Q4 has been really very strong. 
If you look at the growth in large clients, two to three clients, four to five clients across buckets, 
we have hit more than double digits. So, what has led this? And do you believe these are one-
time projects or this may continue going forward as well?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
Most of it is still discretionary spend. So, this is project-based spend, which is true. But if you 
look at the nature of the business, because we are working on their product developments or 
doing some of the data or AI-related work, they typically tend to continue because it goes from 
one feature set to another feature set to another feature set unless it was just a one-off migration 
of legacy platform to new platform, so you can bucket the project into a limited time and just do 
it, deliver, and move on.  
 
So, I think, there is a bit of both in that, but we believe that the Q4 was a reflection of some of 
the decisions which were pending through Q2 and Q3. And I kept on giving the commentary 
that we are waiting for decisions. Some of those decisions came through, which has reflected in 
that. And we hope that if that is an indicative of their budgets opening up, then we should 
continue to see that in future as well.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just last few things, Nitesh Ji, just wanted to understand your understanding of a 
demand shaping up in our verticals. If you can give some color in terms of how demand is 
shaping up across most of our verticals. And Nand Ji, is it fair to assume the fourth quarter 
adjusted EBITDA margin can continue going forward or you are saying the yearly 16.7 will 
continue going forward, and one has to take effective tax rate as 28-27% for CY 2025 or 2026 
or it can be higher because the amortization of the acquired subsidiary may continue in the 
coming years as well?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, let me quickly give the first part of the answer and I will hand it over to Nandji. So, from a 
vertical perspective, even in the last year, we saw healthcare, services and manufacturing and 
some of those verticals give us the resilience or makeup for what we saw, let's say, a little bit of 
slowdown in the ISV or the tech and the telecom side.  
 
From a leading indicator perspective, we are seeing tech opening up a bit, telco not yet. Other 
verticals, including healthcare and banking, as well as services, etc., continue to be promising. 
So, I think the positive impact or what we are looking at is that tech should open up slightly 
more, and that will give us good tailwinds. And if Telco opens up and starts on a positive note, 
then, of course nothing like it.  

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
So, I will pause there and let Nandji answer the other part of the question.  
Nand Sardana: 
On the EBITDA front, the yearly EBITDA before RSUs is 16.7%. As Nitesh Ji and I have 
mentioned that, we are investing in sales and marketing, and that is the primary aim to get into 
the growth momentum. So, from a model perspective, you can assume around the same i.e. 
16.7%. On the effective tax rate, as I said that because of Velotio amortization, it increases by 
2% approximate. But from a business point of view, it is 27.5% or 28%, as of now. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Nand Ji, if I look at the difference between full year adjusted margin and Q4, the difference is 
as big as 110 bps. So, is it fair to assume 16.7 is the worst-case kind of a margin which we can 
maintain and it could be slightly better because of the strong exit on the adjusted EBITDA in 
CY 2024?  
Nand Sardana: 
I think 16.7%, as I said, is the endeavor to maintain. Anything addition to it would be a bonus.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay.  Thanks, and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vijay Menon from Monarch Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Menon: 
Hi, I have a few questions. One, you said that in Q4, we had a lower number of days and that 
impacted our volume growth by 3% to 4%. So, basically I am asking that in Q1 compared to Q4, 
will we have more days or is it going to be similar to Q4? I just wanted to know that.  
Nitesh Bansal: 
It's the same number of days, Q1 and Q4. Both have exactly the same number of days. So, when 
you said in Q4, number of days impacted our volume growth, no, that's not correct. We actually 
had volume growth, but it impacted the revenue because of two lesser number of days versus 
Q3. But Q1 has the same number of days, so we will not get any uplift of revenue of the same 
volumes, but whatever new volume growth we get is what will get reflected.  
Vijay Menon: 
Okay. Do we have any targets on what kind of employee addition are we looking at for like CY 
2025?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
We have seen positive addition or net employee growth in 2024, which is good. We are looking 
at employee growth in 2025 as well. We are already hiring quite a bit of people during the 
quarter. Again, giving guidance in one form or the other, it will kind of amount to the same 
thing. But, volume growth will be or rather headcount growth will be in line with the revenue 
growth. We are not looking at building a huge bench. So, whatever revenue growth we are 
looking at, we will be adding more people. We are at a level where we will have to hire and we 
continue to hire as we are adding revenue to the Company.  
Nand Sardana: 
In the interest of time, I will request that we restrict our question to one. We are extending the 
call by another 10-15 minutes. We have to wind up in next 15 minutes.  

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Vijay Menon: 
Just two small questions. IT services margins were 11.5% this time, which is higher than our 
general 10 to 10.5. So, can we expect this momentum to continue? Or were there any one-offs 
there?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, this year 2024 reported margins do not have one-offs. And like Nandji answered in the 
previous question to Sandeep, from an annual exit perspective, we do expect and want to 
maintain margins at those levels. And we do not expect surprises to that. But Nandji, I do not 
know from a net margin perspective if you want to add anything to that.  
Nand Sardana: 
Not really, actually. there is a slight Rs. 2 crore of one-off, which have been taken below 
EBITDA. Otherwise, it's business as usual.  
Vijay Menon: 
We had a $500 million target in the next three to four years. So, are we still in line with that or 
are we adjusting that in any way because of the kind of growth we see?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
We are not adjusting that because, that has been sort of the goalpost that we have created for 
ourselves. And we know that once we pick up momentum, then, we are not limited by how much 
growth can we accommodate. So, what we are focused on is continuing to develop the 
momentum and continue to raise it as we go through the quarters. And then, we will get to that 
in combination of organic, inorganic, all levers put together. We will certainly try to go towards 
our goal.  
Vijay Menon: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Nitish Rege from ChrysCapital. Please go ahead.  
Nitish Rege: 
Hi, Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the revenue growth. So, this year, revenue 
growth has been a challenge. So, in CY 2025 now this year, what kind of visibility do we have? 
Do you think we can do an early teens kind of dollar growth in CY 2025? Just, you know, as 
investor, what do we assume considering we only grew 3% in CY 2024? You know, it would be 
helpful if you could just give a range or even an indication like early teens, mid-teens, high teens, 
if possible.  
Nitesh Bansal: 
Last year, we know the entire industry had seen the challenge and for almost the entire industry, 
some of the COVID-induced growth that came in previous years in 2022, 2021, etc., that got 
eroded. And for all mid-sized players, from our peer category, they saw a challenge from that 
perspective. And in that environment, we have kept our head down, worked on the core 
competencies, built the capability and capacity and the partnerships to be able to take advantage 
of as every opportunity that comes through, and the market opens.  
 
We are obviously, like I talked about earlier through some of the questions, are seeing those 
leading indicators. We do not provide guidance. So, that's where, saying early teens, mid-teens, 
high teens, etc., will again be a question of do we give guidance. But we are absolutely clear on 
our ambition to be in the market-leading growth category. With some amount of whatever help 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
from the opening of the market and the sentiment improving, we believe we should get there. 
We are working towards it. And hopefully, we will see some of the outcomes.  
Nitish Rege: 
When you say market, how do you exactly define market? There are some companies which are 
growing 15% plus. There are some companies which are also doing around 5%. So, when we 
say market, what is our definition for this?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, when I say market, I am looking at my client-based market and not doing a peer group from 
a market perspective because, there are certain companies in our peer group which are much 
larger than us and do a lot of outsourcing business, etc., which is consolidation deals and those 
kind of things. 
 
For us, it is largely the verticals that we play in, which is the tech Internet and platforms or ISVs, 
whichever name you want to call them, the telecom and media, as well as healthcare, which are 
our primary verticals and that too mostly focused on their tech platform space. And that is what 
we look at as our primary market and that to a lot of the U.S. clients because U.S. still remains 
the prime geography for us to target.  
 
And that is where we had seen a significant contraction of spend during the course of last 
12months or so, which we believe should open up whatever early signs we have seen look 
promising. And that's where we are focused. 
Nitish Rege: 
You have been in the system for now around 18 plus months and, you know, there has been 
considerable amount of new hirings in the last 12 months. So, where do you think, where we can 
accelerate growth? How can you reduce the dependencies on a robust   market?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
Where we can accelerate growth is by being in tune with the market needs or market narratives. 
Because the market continues to shift. And last year, we saw so much of noise around AI and 
data and other things. What that clearly means is that and when we look at our customer set and 
based on the conversations we are having, customers are no longer looking at adding small teams 
or doing those 1, 2, 5, 10 FTEs type of thing to just enhance a certain capability or add a few 
people. Because, again, in U.S., also with all the layoffs that happened in the beginning of the 
year, the amount of talent availability has actually gone up. So, those needs don't come through.  
 
What they are looking for is really differentiated capabilities and doing that platform 
Development, being able to integrate AI pipelines, being able to work with cloud providers to 
actually create their SaaS platforms. And that's where, all the effort that we have put in place to 
have those capabilities, to be in the Everest peak metrics or being identified as a top 10 AWS 
partner, etc., are all the moves that are to enable exactly that kind of a shift.  
 
So, we have done our bit. We are being recognized. We are seeing that. And that is what we 
believe should give us the leg up to be able to grow in that space.  

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Nitish Rege: 
Okay. And what is the status of M&A? There have been a number of deals in this space in the 
last two years. And it's very surprising that we haven't been able to close, even one deal after our 
Velotio acquisition.  
Nitesh Bansal: 
We can't be caught in a FOMO I mean, acquisitions is obviously if you get it right, it's great. 
When you get it wrong, it does erode a lot of value for the Company. So, being very cautious 
and making sure that we are doing the right due diligence before we take that step is very 
important. We are obviously significantly helped by Blackstone as well in doing those 
evaluations and assessing the right opportunities and right valuations.  
 
So, it's not really a question of we haven't been able to do one. We are confident if we like an 
asset enough and for the right value, we will not be shy of making an acquisition. But it will 
happen whenever we have the right asset.  
Nitish Rege: 
Because the Blackstone team is not on the call, if you can just provide some insight into what is 
their thought process when they look at M&A for us?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
I mean, more than Blackstone's thought process, we have a very clear thesis. We stay true to our 
swim lane of being a product engineering, platform engineering, and digital services provider. 
So, we continue to look for the right kind of opportunities in that space, especially if there are 
companies that come with a certain kind of niche which adds or complements our capability, 
and we obviously are looking for growth accretive and margin accretive companies so that we 
don't erode any shareholder value with the acquisition that we make. And then not every 
parameter stacks up, so they may be slightly here or there. And those are all part of the end due 
diligence that we do together with Blackstone.  
Nitish Rege: 
Okay. So, I believe that at some point of time, you will have to start giving some organic growth, 
right? Like investors and management teams are currently in different silos and we assume 
growth. Do you think in the future you will be looking at guiding on organic growth?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
So giving organic growth, absolutely, yes, that's what we are here for, and that's what we are 
working towards. Providing guidance for organic growth is something, we haven't done so far 
and we still do not believe we are kind of ready for that, but this is something that we will take 
on board and we will continue to assess if we have the  confidence to and we feel that it is really 
necessary to provide guidance, then maybe we will look at it.  
 
So, far, at least our understanding or our internal resolution has been that we are not providing 
guidance. We are providing as much transparency as we can, and we have also entertained a lot 
of one-on-one discussions where we do provide answers to a lot more questions. Throughout the 
last year also we have met investors, and it has been good experience. 
 
So, we are doing our bit to provide every bit of confidence we can. And do let us know if you 
are looking for any additional inputs or information we can engage. But we are not providing 
guidance yet.  

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Nitish Rege: 
Yeah, not even on the guidance side, but if you could just start sharing the ACV, TCV data, 
which is shared by other companies that would really be helpful for us <Inaudible>.  
Nitesh Bansal: 
We will take that on board.  
Nitish Rege: 
And just one last question is, I just wanted to understand, on the tax rate side, why is there so 
much volatility in the tax rate?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
I will pass back to Nandji.  
Nand Sardana: 
Yes, so there is not such volatility in the sense as I explained that our effective tax rate is 27 to 
28%. Since, we are providing and amortizing the Velotio non-compete and client acquisition, 
which is close to Rs. 6 crore per quarter, that kind of adds another 2%. But once the merger and 
all that happens, more clarity will come. But I think from a model perspective, as I mentioned 
to the other question, it's 27% to 28%-our effective tax rate.  
Nitish Rege: 
Thank you so much. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will take the last question from Omkar Sawant from Marcellus Investment Managers. Please 
go ahead.  
Omkar Sawant: 
Hi Nitesh. In terms of the key trends that you said were shaping up in 2025, another theme which 
is going on is the vendor consolidation, right? The consolidation deeds and looking at our client 
concentration, it also doesn't seem that we have any skilled relationships. So, how do we ensure 
that we aren't caught on the wrong side of vendor consolidation in general?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
Hi, Omkar. Thanks for the question. So, like I mentioned earlier, there is the nature of work that 
we do is platform product development being part of an R&D team. So, if you look at what 
happens in vendor consolidation deals and what kind of deals typically get consolidated are 
either BPO or managed services, which are mostly business as usual type of services, run and 
maintain applications or infrastructure. Those are the most common type of vendor consolidation 
deals because there is only limited new development involved. There is no IP involved and most 
of the work is already second Gen or third Gen.  
 
So, the processes have been set, The whole idea is that earlier five people or five companies 
were doing this work. Now one company is ready to do it and offer me more discounts. So, these 
second, third, fourth generation deals, which usually are highly margin dilutive, come in with 
consolidation and they happen.  
 
While we don't have a client concentration risk, and the clients are not that big, but we are still 
slightly or I would say, largely shielded from a vendor consolidation risk because of the nature 
of work. Once our teams have engaged on somebody's product development, and we have 
learned the company's product architecture, we are working with their teams in developing their 
product and being part of the roadmap, chances that somebody can just come and replace us is 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
difficult. It would require significant amount of effort, investment, transition of knowledge, etc. 
and it could be disruptive for the clients as well.  
Omkar Sawant: 
We were also getting into the product sustenance part of it, right? How has that evolved?  
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, that dialog is shaping up. When I talked about doing 360-degree relations with our clients 
and somebody else had asked the question about the nature of conversation with top 10 or top 
20 clients. In most cases, our push is towards deepening the relationship by taking ownership of 
some of the products.  
 
Typically, how that starts and wherever we have seen success in a few cases is clients want to 
hand over their end-of-life products or products where they have stopped, while they are not 
end-of-life, but they have stopped doing any fresh feature releases, etc., to put them in sustenance 
mode and hand them over to us to provide that kind of services. And so those discussions are 
progressing well, being received well by the clients. As our number of case examples are 
developing in space, we are seeing better reception and outcomes.  
Omkar Sawant: 
Okay. Thank you so much.  
Nand Sardana: 
So, considering that there are a few more questions, we will host another call, and we will 
intimate accordingly. But in the meantime, feel free to write to me for any specific query and we 
will be happy to answer those queries. I think we can close the call. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you, everybody.  
Nand Sardana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Sure, thank you very much. On behalf of R Systems, that concludes the conference. Thank you 
for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines.  
