                                                               
 
Century Enka Ltd. 
Factory & Regd. Oﬀice: Plot No. 72 & 72-A, M.I.D.C., Bhosari, Pune - 411026. 
T: +91 20 66127 304 | F: +91 20 2712 0113 
E: cel.investor@adityabirla.com | W: www.centuryenka.com  
Corporate ID No. (CIN): L24304PN1965PLC139075 
 
              
   15th February, 2025 
 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G-Block Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051  
 
Symbol: CENTENKA 
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400001  
 
 
Scrip Code: 500280  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3 FY-25 Earnings Conference Call of Century Enka Limited ('the 
Company') 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('Listing Regulations') 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, please find attached herewith the transcript of 
Q3 FY-25 (quarter ended on 31st December 2024 earnings) Earnings Conference Call conducted on 
Wednesday, 12th February 2025. The same is also available on the website of the Company i.e., 
www.centuryenka.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Century Enka Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Rahul Dubey) 
VP Legal and Company Secretary 
Membership No: FCS 8145      
 
 
Encl : as above 
                      
          
                                                                                     
RAHUL 
DUBEY
Digitally signed 
by RAHUL DUBEY 
Date: 2025.02.15 
12:11:32 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
“Century Enka Limited Q3 FY-25 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SURESH SODANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
CENTURY ENKA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKRAM SURYAVANSHI – PHILLIPCAPITAL 
(INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED  

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3FY25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Century Enka hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital (India) Private 
Limited. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Good afternoon and very warm welcome to everyone. Thank you for being on the call of Century 
Enka Limited. 
We are happy to have the Management with us here today for a question-and-answer session 
with investment community. Management is represented by Mr. Suresh Sodani – Managing 
Director. 
Before we start with the question-and-answer session, we will have “Opening Comments” from 
the Management. 
I will hand over this call to Mr. Suresh Sodani for “Opening Comments.” Over to you sir.  
Suresh Sodani: 
Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our Q3FY25 Earnings Conference Call. I would like 
to thank our host PhillipCapital for hosting this call.  
Now let me first brief you on the “Operational Highlights” for the 3rd Quarter of FY25: 
In the Tyre Cord Fabric segment, NTCF demand was subdued due to poor truck and bus segment 
demand but was partly offset by sustained demand from two and three-wheeler segments while 
demand from the farm tyre segments improved towards the end of the quarter due to extended 
monsoon. Increased imports by tyre companies following the normalization of supply chain 
issues, reduced demand for NTCF from domestic suppliers. Our margins remained under 
pressure due to volatile raw metal prices and imports from China. We remain cautiously 
optimistic about NTCF demand growth in Q4 and FY26. 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
Approvals for Polyester Tyre Cord Fabric are in progress and we expect commercial production 
to start in FY26. In the filament yarn segment, demand improved due to marriage and the festive 
season leading to better capacity utilization. While a higher share of value-added products helped 
in sustaining margins. We will continue to focus on additional investments in value added and 
niche products with better margins. Caprolactam prices continue to decline resulting in stock 
losses and margin pressure, but we mitigated the impact through higher share of renewable 
energy usage and other cost reduction measures.  
Let me now brief you on the “Financial Results” for the 3rd Quarter and year to date of the 
Financial Year ’25: 
For the Q3 operating results, our operating revenues stood at INR 493 crores which grew by 
almost 9.5% year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 27 crores which grew by 48% 
year-on-year. EBITDA margins were reported at 5.51%, profit after tax at around INR 14 crores 
represented an increase of almost 198% year-on-year. PAT margin stood at 2.84% for the 
quarter. Total volume for Q3 grew at 11% year-on-year to 19,368 metric tons. Tyre Cord Fabric 
revenue for Q3FY25 decreased by around 5% year-on-year to about INR214 crores. While 
filament yarn revenue for the same period increased by about 23% year-on-year to almost INR 
255 crores.  
Now coming to year-to-date results for the Financial Year ’25; operational revenue stood at INR 
1,558 crores representing a growth of 22% year-on-year. EBITDA stood at INR 106 crores, 
which increased by 116% year-on-year. EBITDA margins for the period was 6.81%. Net profit 
was Rs. 60 crores, which grew by 165% year-on-year and PAT margin stood at 3.83%. Total 
volume for nine months FY25 grew by 21% year-on-year to 60,275 metric tons. Tyre Cord 
Fabric sales for a nine-month FY 25 increased by 22% to INR 752 crores, while filament yarns 
sales increased by 20% to INR 735 crores. With this we can open the floor for question and 
answers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on the touchtone telephone. If you 
wish to remove yourself from the question queue you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. We will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. The first question comes from the line of Mohit Upadhyay, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Upadhyay: 
So, one question only from my side. Actually, margins have been under pressure for a while. 
What is your outlook on revival for this and what is Company doing to counter this pressure? 
Any cost cutting measure that we can, also what is the update on the anti-dumping on NFY? Do 
you believe this will help improve our margin in coming quarters? Lastly, what is the outlook 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
on the demand environment? We have added a lot of new capacity, but growth is still muted, so, 
when we can expect better growth? That’s it sir. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Okay, so I guess actually there are three questions but in case I miss out on terms of replying to 
any one of them, you can come back later and ask that. One was with respect to the margins 
pressure, which is right because the margin pressures continue and being in very volatile external 
environment these are also quite varying, and we have been taking continuous measures on the 
cost side for margin improvement.  
One which we have already shared and which we continue to do is increasing our share of 
renewable power which is cheaper from the grid power. So, we are already drawing renewable 
power at Bharuch in the current year, and we intend to expand that by middle of next financial 
year. So that would help in reducing the cost.  
Secondly, we continue to invest on reducing our power consumptions particularly on the old 
equipments and which have given good results in terms of reducing the overall power and fuel 
cost. And we will continue to work on that. We are also looking at improving productivity 
through various in-house measures and which will take more time. But these will over a period 
of time start giving more results.  
As far as ADD is concerned, the association has filed an application for anti-dumping duty on 
NFY and the process has been initiated. As we have been mentioning in every quarter that China 
continues to dump a lot of material particularly on the commodity side at very low prices and 
that creates a lot of margin pressure on those products. And the purpose of ADD is to address 
imports mainly from China.  
As far as the capacity addition is concerned, the capacity that we added in NTCF at Bharuch was 
mainly for some part of it was to expand the capacity and part of it was to compensate for the 
deteriorating or the aged machines of Pune. So, we continue to use the full capacity at Pune, at 
Bharuch, the new capacity and only in terms of the demand requirement, the balance quantities 
are produced from the old equipment. So, we do get better quality products which have a better 
sale with the customer as well as they are more cost effective. The full utilization will come 
when the market conditions are better and which has a lot of relations with GDP and 
infrastructure growth and movement, I mean the overall impact on the economic activity. But 
this will happen, and it can happen in certain months. It may not happen for the year as a whole. 
I guess I have answered all the three parts of your question. If anything is left, I would request 
you to please raise your question again in the process that the PhillipCapital and they advise you 
to do that.  
Mohit Upadhyay: 
No, actually my questions were answered mostly or three questions were answered and thank 
you for giving me the opportunity and I wish you the best of luck for year ahead. Thank you.  

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Suresh Sodani: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask the question. The next question comes 
from the line of Abhishek Jain from Investwell Agents Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Hello. Good evening, sir. I have got a couple of questions regarding the CAPEX. Sir, how much 
are we investing for the PTCF capacity and how the funding will be done through internal 
accruals and the borrowings and what sort of capacity will be added and predicted revenue from 
therein? Can you please clarify on these things?  
Suresh Sodani: 
Is there any other question or should I, you said you….? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes, the CAPEX in general what sort of modernization we are looking at because NTCF is not 
a growing product so definitely we may be diversifying into PTCF or any other product going 
forward. So, what sort of modernization or diversification CAPEX or the maintenance CAPEX 
that you look for in the coming year and next year onwards that will be good? The roadmap sort 
of thing will be very good if you can let me know.  
Suresh Sodani: 
So, in PTCF we have already completed the CAPEX, and we spent about 103 crores on this 
project. I mean the denier mix makes a difference on the total production that comes out of this 
capacity, but it could range between 4,000 to 5,000 tons per annum depending on the denier mix 
as I said. Second, we expect to continue to spend on the upgradation of the equipments which 
continues to be used for our NTCF operations to mainly to reduce the power consumption on 
per unit per kg or per ton basis and that will be a continuous exercise but on an average we are 
being spending between 20 to 30 crores which are primarily focused on improving productivity 
and energy efficiency and getting more Grade 1 products from our existing equipment. So, these 
will continue year-on-year. As far as other large CAPEXs are concerned we are still not ready 
to—I mean in terms of these—are still under discussion stage. So as and when we are ready and 
we get a board approval then through a due process it will be announced to all the regulatories 
as well as to the investment community.  
Abhishek Jain: 
The other thing is that we are quite a profitable Company with very less borrowing or to say we 
are a net cash positive Company. Even after that we are not getting into other things. The board 
is not having some roadmap for the new product development and all that is what the question 
was all about. At the end sir, NTCF is not a product that will be growing. It's a shrinking market 
along with the capacity, the old equipment and everything that we have got and the Chinese 
dumping and all. So, it is not going to be very profitable going forward. So that was the concern 
actually.  
Suresh Sodani: 
So, your concern is valid. What I would like to only state is that in last 3 to 4 years we already 
invested close to 400 crores in capacity addition in PTCF in a new dipping line at Pune and in 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
expansion and replacement of NTCF capacities at Bharuch. So, these are investments which 
have already been done and we will continue to look for growth particularly in PTCF and other 
technical textiles. But as I said these are still at a discussion stage and we do not have any net 
borrowings. In fact, we are sufficient. 
Abhishek Jain: 
I think Rs. 300-350 crores in cash including investment and all. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes, we have sufficient cash on the balance sheet to make future investments. But this 
investment should give a minimum hurdle rate returns so that these can be approved by the 
board. And in the current scenario we have to be careful on where we are investing. So, looking 
at all these scenarios these plans are made and we had made investments in mother yarn capacity 
in NFY. We had added value added capacities in NFY which have given good results. So, we 
will continue to look for these kind of investments. If any large new investments would come 
then obviously it has to go through a process of internal approvals and then the board approval 
and then once it is approved will be shared with in the due course.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay sir, can you tell me about the technology tie-up we have for the PTCF, or it is an in house? 
Suresh Sodani: 
These are standard technologies and these are mostly by the equipment suppliers itself. So, there 
is no technology per se. What we need to do is we have to get the product through our own 
internal technical know-how to meet the requirements of the tyre companies. It's a marriage of 
equipment given by standard and good international companies. And then our own know how 
in tyre reinforcement markets to make the product as required by or as similar to what other 
important material is coming or what the specifications of the tyre companies are.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you very much sir. This was all from my slide.  
Suresh Sodani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Participants, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The next question 
comes from the line of Priyankar Sarkar from Square 64 Capital Advisors LLP. Please go ahead.  
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir. I am a bit new to the Company. So, asking a basic question typically 
when we do CAPEX, what is the typical asset turn that we can achieve in our Company?  
Suresh Sodani: 
More than the asset turn actually we look at an IRR hurdle rate which has to be crossed. So, asset 
turn is a more outcome of what investments are required . So that I think is more important is 
what kind of IRR we are able to generate out of this investment and what is the strategic fit in 
of that product or that investment in our long-term goals. So that is normally the process. The 
asset turn is more an outcome of once we do all the analysis and what comes out. 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Just to get a sense whatever the CAPEX have done over the last couple of years, let's see if we 
put 100 crores into this thing at a peak utilization. I'm not saying year one, I'm saying what is 
the potential whenever there's a demand, whenever we get to a peak potential of utilization what 
is the typical we can get if we invest let's say 100 crores in a project? 
Suresh Sodani: 
I would say it is very typical to a product and what investments we are making. But if you were 
to take just a ballpark number, at least 1 to 1.3-1.4, the asset turns should be there. I mean top 
line should be there on an investment of reasonable size; magnitude. It could be 100 crores, 
could even deliver 1.5X turnover on that. And second is the top line is also a function of the raw 
material pricing because the raw material pricing also fluctuates. So, if the crude and all the 
derivatives are at $100 it will make the top line would be different. If the crude and all its 
derivative onwards are benchmarked through a $70 crude price it will be different. It can change. 
It cannot be a static number. But as I said our internal process are more towards seeing that what 
kind of returns it generates and does it fit in strategically in our thought process.  
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Got it. So, do you look at a payback period? I mean what would be the typical payback period 
would you consider while putting up a CAPEX?  
Suresh Sodani: 
So, we look at IRR a minimum hurdle rate of 12% or above.  
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Okay, fair enough sir, thank you very much and wish you all the best.  
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The next 
question comes from the line of Abhishek Jain from Investwell Agents Private Limited. Please 
go ahead.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, just one more question. Sorry for that. Can you provide me the revenue breakup between 
NTCF and PTCF?  
Suresh Sodani: 
Sorry, what breakup?  
Abhishek Jain: 
Revenue breakup, segmental revenue breakup of how much are we generating from NTCF and 
PTCF?  
Suresh Sodani: 
We have not started PTCF as yet. These are still as mentioned; we have started giving them for 
trials. So, we have not started manufacturing PTCF in the full volume. And because it goes 
through a process which is long drawn and the tyre companies go through a very stringent 
approval process so that the product meets all the specs and there's no chances of failure of the 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
tyres because of the reinforcement. So, currently what we see as a reinforcement turnover is all 
NTCF turnover only.  
Abhishek Jain: 
All right, sir. And when do we expect this to come from…revenues?  
Suresh Sodani: 
Now trials have started and we expect at various stages, in FY26 some processes should start in 
Q1 and Q2. I mean this all depends on how the tyre companies go through this process. Being a 
new product to us, there is a slightly longer process compared to NTCF which we have been 
doing for many decades. So difficult to give us straight timeline. But yes, in between first and 
second quarter we are hopeful of getting approvals for at least some of the customers.  
Abhishek Jain: 
And sir how much are we expecting revenue and the margin sort of? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Revenue at peak capacity should be as I said, it's a function also of the raw material. But at a 
standard, what we assume as a price should be about between 110 to 120 crores and margins at 
least in excess of 10%, EBITDA margins.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The next question comes 
from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital India. Please go ahead.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Good evening, sir. So, what was the average caprolactam price for this quarter?  
Suresh Sodani: 
So, the caprolactam price at the end of Q2 was 1623 CIF and end of Q3 is about 1483. It has 
been varying. So instead of giving an average I have given you the end quarter numbers because 
in certain months the fall was more steep. So, between Q2 to Q3  the fall is about $140 per ton.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Understood. So that fall has impacted our raw material because that inventory loss would be 
counted into raw material cost? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes. So, our model, as long as the prices are varying at a decent pace, I mean the volatility is 
less, that is more suitable to us because otherwise it can have an impact on our effective margins 
that we are able to report.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Understood. And see other textile companies, particularly in polyester also has some advantage 
because when we import from China BIS certification and all that what government has made it 
compulsory. So, is there way we can have some kind of relief from that kind of BIS certification 
in our business or it's not much impacting? 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Suresh Sodani: 
We have already initiated the BIS process through the association and the gazette has already 
come out and stakeholder meetings are on. And we are hopeful that and government is positive, 
I mean the authorities are positive that this has to come as a part of getting the right products. 
And there is no misdeclaration of products or malpractices during the imports of any inferior 
product. So, we are hopeful that certain in the next year, maybe in Quarter 1 itself the BIS could 
get notified and then implemented in due course.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Understood. And our this PTCF 4000 to 4000 annual production whatever capacity, once we get 
customer approval, how fast we can ramp up to this capacity or can we give some IRR in terms 
of utilization possibility for full year once it is operational?  
Suresh Sodani: 
So normally what we have seen in past in NTCF is that once we get an approval and the product 
becomes standardized and are accepted by the customers, then we can ramp up very fast. So, 
because then what we are dealing with is the same customers that are buying NTCF from us. So, 
the customers are not different, the people that we are dealing with are not different. It's only 
that it is going for a different application, and it has to go through a process of approval which 
is new, I mean more stringent and more detailed compared to a product which we were already 
making. So, once we start and we get commercial scale approval, I think the ramp up will be 
quite fast.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Understood. Okay. And just on the current capacity which have almost I think 92,000 tons per 
annum. So, this year probably will go to as almost like around 80,000 plus in terms of capacity 
production. So, which is quite good utilization. So, is there any headroom for further production 
now from the same rated capacity or to what extent peak utilization can go up the rated capacity 
for the NTCF and nylon basically? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So, one is, I mean the demand conditions will drive whether we can utilize the full capacity 
because it's a volatile situation. But what we will add to the capacity utilization is commercial 
approval for our PTCF which will definitely help in getting more capacity on an overall basis as 
a percentage of the installed capacity.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
But for NTCF and nylon, basically we can go around 80,000-82,000 tons this year on full year? 
Suresh Sodani: 
As we said we have been reporting only on a synthetic yarn in single. So, what we are giving is 
an overall capacity and we expect good healthy capacity utilization to continue. Market 
conditions determine whether we can touch 90+ in certain quarters or even higher. But it all 
depends on how, I mean the PTCF approval comes and how the market conditions are.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Okay, understood. Thank you very much.  
Suresh Sodani: 
Thank you.  

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. As there are no further 
questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments.  
Suresh Sodani: 
Thank you everyone for joining our earnings call. I hope we were able to give you answers to 
your queries and hope these were to your satisfaction. If you have any further questions or would 
like to know more about the Company, please reach out to our investor relations managers at 
Valorem Advisors. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, that 
concludes this conference, you may now disconnect your lines.  
