 
 
 
 
  February 03, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Security Code- 539978 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra-Kurla Complex,    
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai-400051 
NSE Symbol- QUESS 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Analyst Call - Transcript 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, this is to inform that the Transcript of the analyst call, conducted through digital 
means, has been uploaded on the website of the Company under the following link: 
https://www.quesscorp.com/investors/  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Quess Corp Limited 
 
 
 
Kundan K Lal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
   Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
Kundan 
Kumar Lal
Digitally signed 
by Kundan Kumar 
Lal 
Date: 2025.02.03 
17:26:36 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
Quess Corp Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST:  
MR. BALAJI SUBRAMANIAN – IIFL SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURUPRASAD SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR AND GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
QUESS CORP LIMITED 
 
MR. KAMAL PAL HODA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – QUESS CORP LIMITED 
 
MR. LOHIT BHATIA – PRESIDENT, WORKFORCE 
MANAGEMENT – QUESS CORP LIMITED 
 
MR. GURMEET CHAHAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– QUESS GTS 
 
MR. ANAND SUNDAR RAJ – PRESIDENT – OAM 
 
MR. V. SURESH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
FOUNDIT 
 
MR. KUSHAL MAHESHWARI – HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND STRATEGIC FINANCE – QUESS CORP 
LIMITED 
 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Quess Corp Limited Q3 and 9M FY2025 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Capital Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Balaji Subramanian from IIFL Capital Services Limited. 
Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and thank you for joining us on the post Q3 
and 9M FY2025 results conference call for Quess Corp Limited. It's my pleasure to introduce 
the senior management team of Quess Corp, who are here with us today to discuss the results. 
We have Mr. Guruprasad Srinivasan, ED and Group CEO; Mr. Kamal Pal Hoda, Group CFO; 
Mr. Kushal Maheshwari, Head, Investor Relations and Strategic Finance; Mr. Lohit Bhatia, 
President, Workforce Management; Mr. Gurmeet Chahal, CEO, GTS; Mr. Anand Sundar Raj, 
President, OAM; Mr. V. Suresh, CEO, foundit. 
 
We will begin the call with opening remarks by the management team, and thereafter, we will 
open the call for a Q&A session. I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Kushal 
Maheshwari to take proceedings forward. Thank you. And over to you, Kushal. 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Thank you, Balaji. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Quess Corp's Q3 and 9M  
FY2025 earnings call. The information, data and output shared by the management during the 
call is forward-looking and subject to prevailing business conditions and government policies. 
All forward-looking statements are subject to economic growth or other risk factors faced by the 
company. The result and the presentation have been uploaded on our website. Please refer to 
Slide number 2 of investor presentation for the safe harbour clause. 
 
With that safe harbour clause in place, I will now hand over the call to our Group CEO, Mr. 
Guruprasad Srinivasan, for his opening remarks. Over to you, Guru. 
Guruprasad Srinivasan: 
Thanks, Kushal. Very good morning to everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Wish you 
all a very Happy New Year. Before discussing our financial and operational performance, let me 
summarize the current operating environment. Moderation in private consumption and 
investments, coupled with a high inflationary and elevated interest rate environment has 
negatively impacted consumer and business spending, effects of which are visible in sectors 
where our businesses operate. Nevertheless, we remain confident in an imminent rebound in 
economic growth, expecting a revival in industrial activity and continued strength in the sectors 
we operate in.. 
 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Despite a challenging environment and demerger investments, we are on track for non-linear 
profitability. In the past 9 months, revenue and EBITDA grew in low double digits, while PAT 
and EPS increased by over 50%. 
In Q3 FY25, we reported revenue of ₹5,519 crore, with EBITDA at ₹197 crore. EBITDA 
margins contracted to 3.6% due to investments in sales and leadership and festive season bonus 
passthrough to associates. PAT decreased by 13% sequentially due to demerger-related costs. 
During the period, we added approximately 7,000 associates. 
Key financial highlights for 9 months are as follows. We added 50,000 associates, and the 
current total head count is 617,000,  a 9% growth from March '24 levels. During the same period 
last year, we added 46,000 associates. We recorded consolidated revenue of INR15,702 crores, 
a growth of 11% year-on-year. We delivered EBITDA of INR581 crores, a growth of 13% year-
on-year. YTD PAT was at INR290 crores, registering a 59% growth year-on-year. The Board 
has approved an interim dividend of INR4 per share. 
With this, now let me specifically talk about platform updates, starting with workforce 
management platform. The platform now has over 500,000 associates, up by 5,000 this quarter, 
including 40,000 associates who are serving notice period. Revenue grew 18% year-on-year, 8% 
quarter-on-quarter, boosted by bonuses that are recorded as part of the revenue, but essentially, 
they belong to the seasonal payouts of Q3. Consequently, EBITDA margin dipped to 2.3% and 
grew 3% year-on-year and remained flat for quarter-on-quarter. The platform secured 124 new 
contracts with ACV exceeding INR150 crores.  
 
Now coming specifically to businesses under workforce, to start with the general staffing 
business. The business added about 5,100 associates in headcount during the quarter, led by 
consumer, retail and telecom. The pace of headcount addition was slower after a strong start in 
October as we saw de-hire after the Diwali season, particularly in logistics and e-com sector. 
BFSI headcount growth remained flattish due to slowdown in unsecured lending, followed by 
RBI tightening the regulations. The BFSI sector remains a key watch area as we enter in Q4, 
and the slowdown is expected to continue in near term as well. As of Q3 end, we have a modest 
open mandate of about 14,000, primarily from manufacturing and consumer segment. General 
Staffing, added 87 new contracts during the period with annual contract value of INR136 crores. 
During the 9-month period, the business brought almost about 240-plus new customers. Our 
investment in targeted vertical structure will enhance operations, boost efficiency and improve 
our outcomes. We are confident that this will create a substantial long-term advantage over 
competitors through our tailored solution specific to the sourcing segment, strengthening our 
sourcing platform and customer retention strategies and fulfilment. 
 
Moving on to IT staffing business. In the IT staffing business, we continue to see encouraging 
GCC contributions, while IT/ITeS segment demand remained modest. Our investment in niche 
skill, specifically in GCC and verticalization and quality of mandate yielded a better margin 
profile, which is reflected in our improved realization per associate. To leverage the growth 
preferences of global corporations to set up GCCs in India, we are augmenting our play with 
GCC-as-a-service, wherein we tie up with partners, augmenting our capability to provide 
workspace and workforce solution to our customers. We expect significant traction going 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
forward from this. ITeS is expected to recover in Q4, and the pipeline is encouraging. We 
currently have about 1,600 open mandates, which is 15% higher sequentially.  
In overseas staffing, performance varies across region. Singapore has not resumed growth due 
to visa restrictions, but strong fundamentals and leadership in Middle East and APAC has driven 
sales overall growth and overseas sales remained flat in this quarter. 
 
Moving on to the next platform, which is Operating Asset Maintenance. OAM platform achieved 
revenue of 15% year-on-year and 4% sequentially. EBITDA margins were marginally lower on 
account of revenue mix change in food and beverage business. During the quarter, we acquired 
the food and catering and IFM business of Archer Industrial Services. This is a small bolt-on 
acquisition, helps us to broaden our F&B offerings with foray into industrial sector and enable 
cross-sell opportunities with our existing industrial O&M and security business. We expect this 
integration to be completed by Q4 of this year. 
 
I would like to give you some highlights on OAM business. OAM platform added about 52 logos 
with ACV of INR170 crores during the quarter. IFMS continues its steady growth with 17% 
year-on-year with new contract wins from BFSI, Industrial and IT/ITES sector. Food and 
Beverage post integration with Archer will be a INR300 crores exit run rate business. Telecom 
Infra business continued its solid run with a 30-plus percent year-on-year growth and is on track 
to achieve annual run rate of INR300 crores by exit of FY25. Apart from project-related 
contracts, Vedang, which is our telecom infra business, focus is to increase contribution from 
annuity O&M services. Security services post rationalization of low-margin contracts has 
resumed on its headcount-led growth trajectory. 
 
Moving on to product-led business platform,  which now largely represents foundit business. 
foundit registered a weak one-off quarter primarily on account of seasonal weak hiring season, 
headwinds in IT/ITeS sector and leadership transition. We are confident that foundit will resume 
its revenue trajectory of 20-plus percent year-on-year in near term. In this regard, EBITDA was 
also down sequentially, a negative INR9 crores for the quarter. However, cash burn for a period 
of 9 months has significantly improved from INR63 crores in prior year to INR25 crores till 
date. CSAT score has been healthy at 93%. On candidate front, 6 months active users have 
improved by 8% quarter-on-quarter to 27 million, while the recruiter search has also seen an 
uptick by 15% quarter-on-quarter to 4.5 million. 
 
Moving on to the next large platform, which is Global Technology Solutions. GTS registered a 
revenue of 3% on a sequential basis, led by Tech and Digital, which grew 5% sequentially. Tech 
and Digital includes platform and IT infra service lines. Platform business reporting an 11% 
growth sequentially was a key growth driver. EBITDA was largely flattish sequentially with 
margin at 17.1%, 36 basis points lower on quarter-on-quarter basis. We have made significant 
investment in sales, leadership, product and delivery capabilities to accelerate our future growth 
post demerger. 
 
The highlights of GTS platform specific to business line are as follows. BPM business registered 
a revenue of 3% sequentially. Customer life cycle management business grew 4% on a quarter-
on-quarter basis, led by higher contributions from international business and robust domestic 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
business. Alldigi’s CXM vertical registered a solid growth of 8% quarter-on-quarter and crossed 
INR100 crores quarterly revenue for the first time. International business contribution also 
increased to 75% in Q3. Sales focus continues to bring in clients which are large in deal size and 
having a long-term horizon to ensure stable cash flows. Non-voice BPM business, while 
marginally declined on a yearly basis, saw a 2% sequential increase. Collection business has 
been weak over the last few months amid of RBI regulations. However, we expect it to rebound 
in Q4. Tech and Digital business led the growth in GTS with a 5% sequential growth. The 
platform-based services witnessed a broad-based growth in managed payroll and InsurTech 
business with 11% sequential growth. The payroll business processed 4.4 million pay slips 
during the period, which is a 6% growth on quarter-on-quarter basis. Our sales bookings have 
been encouraging with 61 new logos coming in during the quarter, with ACV up 26% 
sequentially to close the quarter at INR147 crores. BFSI and media were key sectors where the 
growth is coming in from. As a run-up to demerger, with a new entity, Digitide, we are 
examining our existing service lines and rationalizing low-margin low-efficiency contracts, 
which would give a sustainable upside to our long-term operating margins. 
 
As part of the corporate update, our demerger plans are progressing on track, followed our first 
NCLT approval. We successfully secured approval from shareholders and creditors in 
December. In recent months, we have diligently worked on building a strong foundation for each 
entity. As we await the final approval from the NCLT, our commitment to drive sustainable 
long-term growth across all the demerged entities remains steadfast. This transition marks an 
important step in unlocking shareholder value and positioning each entity for its future success. 
 
I will now hand over to Kamal specifically to give you financial updates for the quarter. Over to 
you, Kamal. 
Kamal Pal Hoda: 
Thank you, Guru. I will first take you through headline financial numbers before delving into 
segmental performance and other corporate updates. We delivered a revenue of INR5,519 crores 
with a growth of 14% year-on-year and 7% quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA stands at INR197 
crores, up 6% year-on-year basis and marginally higher on a sequential basis. The operating 
margin is 3.6%, lower by 20 basis points sequentially and 27 basis points on a year-on-year basis 
as platform margins have contracted owing to investments in sales, leadership and capabilities 
in the run-up to demerger. Moreover, the quarter characterized by bonus payments to associates, 
which is recognized in revenue, also impacted margins. 
 
PAT for the quarter is at INR85 crores. Demerger-related expenses of INR22 crores were 
recognized during the quarter, which resulted in a PAT decline of 9% on a sequential basis. 
However, PAT was up 34% on a year-on-year basis, primarily on account of lower finance costs 
from diligent and consistent debt reduction and higher other income. EPS for the quarter is at 
INR5.4 per share, a 26% increase on a year-on-year basis and down 12% on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis. Continuing our capital structure optimization journey, we have repaid close to INR150 
crores of debt in the first 9 months of the year and gross debt now stands at INR224 crores. The 
Board declared an interim dividend of INR4 per share, translating to a cash outflow of 
approximately INR60 crores. In summary, on a year-to-date basis, we are on track in delivering 
on our non-linear profitability trajectory with 11% revenue and 13% EBITDA growth with PAT 
growth of 58% while managing cash prudently. 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
Moving on to platform-wise updates, starting with workforce management. We delivered a top 
line of INR4,047 crores, which is up 18% year-on-year and 8% quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA for 
the quarter is INR92 crores, a growth of 3% on a year-on-year basis and flat sequentially. 
EBITDA margin contracted by 34 basis points on a year-on-year basis and 17 basis points 
sequentially to 2.3%, primarily due to visa restrictions in the Singapore region and seasonal 
festive bonus pass-through to associates in the current quarter. IT staffing witnessed a steady 
growth of 9% sequentially with contributions from GCC as IT/ITES demand remained modest. 
 
Moving on to Global Technology Solutions platform. The platform clocked a revenue of INR646 
crores, an increase of 10% year-on-year and 3% quarter-on-quarter basis. Tech and Digital grew 
by 5% sequentially, which was driven by growth in our platform business. EBITDA margin was 
lower by 40 basis points at 17.1% due to investments being made in sales, leadership, products 
and delivery capabilities to accelerate future growth. Going forward, the focus remains on high-
value offerings in digital and long-term large deals in GTS. 
 
Coming to our Operating Asset Management platform. It delivered a revenue of INR800 crores, 
a growth of 15% year-on-year and 4% quarter-on-quarter. Growth was led by telecom and 
industrial vertical, which grew 30% plus on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA was at INR38 crores, 
witnessing a growth of 4% year-on-year basis and 2% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Operating 
margin saw a slight dip to 4.7% on account of revenue mix change in F&B vertical. 
 
In the product-led business, adjusted for our divestment in Qdigi, revenue for the quarter was 
INR26 crores, a decline of 29% on a year-on-year basis. This decline was primarily due to 
seasonally weak hiring in this quarter alongside IT/ITES industry headwinds. As top line growth 
was below normal, EBITDA burn increased sequentially to a negative INR9 crores. However, 
on a year-to-date basis, cash burn is at significantly lower levels than last year. 
 
Moving on to corporate updates. I'll start off with tax-related matters. We have received tax 
refunds aggregating to INR147 crores, of which INR125 crores towards FY23-24 and INR22 
crores for FY19-20. Moving on to demerger update, we are progressing on track towards the 
proposed 3-way demerger of Quess Corp. Post our first round of NCLT approval, we received 
shareholders and creditors approval during the meeting convened on 9th December. Internally, 
we are focused on establishing robust internal controls, streamlining operational processes and 
building strong leadership teams for each of the demerged entities. Our aim is to create 
independent entities that are agile, strategically focused and well positioned to unlock value for 
all stakeholders in the long term. 
 
With this, I conclude our financial results and pass back to the moderator to answer your 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Balaji Subramanian from IIFL 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Balaji Subramanian: 
Congrats on a decent quarter. So my first question is on the margins. If I look at the EBITDA 
margins in 3 of the 4 platforms, they are down on a YoY basis. So I understand that one reason 
is the investments that you are making in some of these platforms because the demerger is 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
completed. Two is because of the festive season-related bonus payouts that you did. And the 
third is probably because of the demand weakness. So, for instance, one of your peers that 
reported yesterday was talking about PAPM pressures and the PAPM increase not keeping up 
with the associate wage payouts. So can you give us some sense on what would be the impact 
from each of these factors? 
Guruprasad Srinivasan: 
Sure. Let me take this, and then I'll get Lohit to come in. So, Balaji, first and foremost, I mean, 
as you rightly said, Q3 is a season around, we'll be coming out of the season post July to October. 
So this time, Diwali was somewhere on 2nd of November, and we actually saw immediately de-
hiring as well, massive de-hiring after Diwali season. And of course, the specific segments such 
as retail and a few segments which are sales-led with the incentives and other commissions and 
bonuses that gets paid in the subsequent month, which is November and December, which 
typically is a kind of pass-through, and that's roughly about INR160 crores, which is a pass-
through on which there won't be any revenue for us. So that's one of the reasons why the margin 
is slightly low. Second, macroeconomic, specifically in Singapore, our ramp-up is not happening 
currently and we are almost sustaining the headcount or rather, where we are, to a very small 
extent, also de-growing by headcount there because we are not adding fresh onboards there. So 
that is another impact that has got in. To that point, our target is to first from current 2.3%, inch 
back to about 2.4% and see how we can stabilize by year-end for this particular platform around 
2.5%. So that's what pretty much we are working on. And a few sectors which are open for Q4, 
specifically, again, CRT, telecom and M&I, we are seeing hiring happening. But however, BFSI, 
there is a slowdown. And we anticipate either to some extent there is a de-growth specifically in 
BFSI or it could be almost flat. So, from that standpoint, specifically for workforce, this would 
be the outlook to inch from 2.3% to 2.4% and then probably aim towards getting into 2.5% 
range. 
 
The other 2 platforms for OAM, specifically, it's a product mix change that is bringing our 
margin down. Food sector commands a higher margin. And the revenue mix change there on 
food business has slightly impacted along with food inflation cost, we have seen some abnormal 
inflation cost which has probably hit us in Q3, which should settle down. We are renegotiating 
the contracts and of course, with Archer integration now in Q4 we should recover back. And 
specifically for GTS, it's about demerger and leadership, and we are strengthening the platform 
and more digital acceleration, where the cost and investment is going on. 
 
So let me get Lohit to add specific anything on workforce. Lohit? 
Lohit Bhatia: 
Guru, you more or less mentioned it well. But I'd just like to add some specifics. In the Q3 
period, because of the seasonality of bonuses and incentives, approximately INR160 crores of 
pass-through has happened, which does not have any kind of an earning potential. That's the first 
point. The second point is that while we have seasonal factors, we have to, as an organization, 
look at the medium to the long term as well. We are in the midst of a demerger process for which 
we have to strengthen across the platform, leadership as well as the control functions for 
technology and others. That's also kind of partially baked into this. The third is that in the last 
18 months, like you rightly mentioned, Singapore, primarily because of regulatory headwinds 
on visa regulations is impacting overall increase in the IT business. It has not impacted our 
business downslide, but what it has done is that we've been able to offset with all the great work 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
that our IT team in India has done by almost doubling their business in the last 2 years. It's now 
reached a point where any further growth in IT in India will start to reflect directly into the 
numbers. Guru rightly said that the first goal for us is to stabilize at 2.4% plus and then long-
term inch back towards 2.6%-2.7%, which will happen by a combination of factors of mix that 
we have. Today, general staffing in India contributes disproportionately at about 60% plus to 
EBITDA, whereas international and IT contributes at about 40%. That mix is the other factor 
that we are working towards making the change. With all of this, the last point is, in the last 3 
quarters, we've said that we've also looked at the overall macro situation both in India as well as 
globally and gone into both technology-spend as well as verticalization-spend. Most of that 
spend at a business level is now complete. And as that starts to fuel new growth, it will definitely 
give us more uptick in both margins as well as core EBITDA. 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Balaji, does it answer your question? 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Yes. This is quite comprehensive. I had 2 smaller questions. So, one is on the the demerger 
timeline of 1Q FY26, is it still intact? And the last question would be on this INR147 crores IT 
refunds. Was this all in 9 months FY25? Because if that is the case, probably the entire debt 
reduction has come from that. So is my understanding right? 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
I'll ask Kamal to answer your question. 
Kamal Pal Hoda: 
Yes. So on the demerger time lines, yes, we are pretty much on track. As mentioned in our 
commentary, we've got the shareholders and the creditors' approval. And we are at the second 
motion application of NCLT, and we expect that process to get over during the current running 
quarter, which is Q4. So we are hopeful that we should be able to see all 3 companies demerged 
and listed by Q1 of next financial year. 
 
In terms of the income tax refunds, the INR120 crores of refund, if you look at our release, the 
refund came in January this year. So the debt reduction is a mix of the refunds that were received 
over the 9 months and the operation cash flows, which have been very robust. Given that we 
have received and announced another refund in January month, we expect this trajectory of debt 
reduction to continue in quarter 4 as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
Sir, my first question is on the workforce management. Obviously, we are seeing some 
slowdown in terms of certain sectors within the workforce, which is slowing down, particularly 
BFSI. So you mentioned that it will continue. But the other  pillars of growth was manufacturing, 
where we were very positive. So how the traction has been there in terms of, are we seeing the 
pickup slowing down? Or is it in line with what we are estimating? And also, you mentioned 
about that there are investments that are required in terms of post demerger in terms of 
technology and the key management people. So are we like through in terms of all these 
investments or still these can have some impact on the margins? And on the workforce 
management, please, how the overseas staffing is panning out? Is there still like margin pressures 
that we see there? And also, you mentioned about focusing on verticalization as a strategy in 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
your workforce management. So any update on that? How it will drive growth for you post 
demerger? 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
For the question on BFSI and manufacturing and general staffing, I would ask Lohit to give you 
the inputs. And at the same time, for investments regarding the demerger and the margins, I'll 
ask Guru to give this guidance. Lohit, if you can take up the question on the weakness in BFSI 
and manufacturing segment, please? 
Lohit Bhatia: 
So yes, sure. Amit, there are broadly 2 things which are happening in the market. One is that 
there is an overall slight consumer sentiment reduction, which is visible in the economy itself. 
From the GDP data that we've been seeing from the larger broader economy that we've been 
seeing, I think there is a bit of a stress which is getting built somewhere on the middle class. And 
that's captured across results from different companies. Now, whenever we supply manpower to 
consumer companies, irrespective of whether they come under telecom or retail or BFSI or the 
others, that could be one degree of impact. And that is what is visible. We feel that this should 
be temporary in nature. And obviously, all of us are hopeful for the long-term impact of the 
Indian economy. Maybe Q4 continues to be a little subdued with all of these results. But as we 
see maybe some positive action on the interest front, with inflation taming down and everything, 
we'll probably spring back extremely aggressively. You might remember if you go back 4 years 
ago, when COVID hit us, from 242,000 we crashed to almost 190,000. So in a period of 5 
months, we lost almost 50,000 to 60,000 people. That was the worst. And from that period of 
200,000 base today, we are at 500,000. 300,000 added across a 4-year period. So, I think 
temporary blips in the economy and 1 or 2 quarters can be there, but I don't think so we'll see an 
overall slowdown of the Indian economy that we should be worried of what we saw 4 years ago. 
So that's on the first front. 
 
The second thing you spoke about verticalization. I'll add that and then you'll get a context. So 
verticalization has been done for a couple of reasons. One is that we need to get depth in the 
service offerings that we give to customers. We are a large organization with 500,000 associates. 
We work in 65 different locations. We have over 500 recruiters in non-IT and 500 recruiters 
almost in IT. That gives us a massive firepower that we are able to work very, very close to the 
customers and work with them exactly as per the output that they require. Some solutions have 
to be built over a period of time, which can be differentiated from a general staffing solution to 
solutions which marry exclusively to what the requirement of those industries are. And hence, a 
combination of leaders who come from both staffing as well as from the industry practices, and 
they can work closer to the customers and increase that engagement and depth. And lastly, the 
marrying of the technology that we do is, again, subdivided for the different sectors and verticals 
that we deal with. While there's a common denominator of technology for onboarding, for 
recruitment services, for compliances, for governance, payroll and the others, but when we have 
to deliver to a retail company, the technology used is slightly differentiated than a technology 
which is used for banking versus used for manufacturing. So overall, if that gives you a context.   
I'll come to your overseas staffing pressure. I think the pressure is only in one market, which is 
Singapore. All the other markets are fairly doing decently for us. But that market alone has 
shaved off close to INR20 crores of EBITDA year-on-year basis. In spite of that fact, we have 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
continued to stay above a certain threshold line. That substantiation actually has come from the 
growth of our GCC in our Indian IT business. 
 
I'll just take one second to give you one data point. Niche profiles to GCCs today contribute 
1,000 of our 6,000 headcount. This was less than 220, 4 years ago. So it's a 4x growth. The 
higher margin profiles are good, at 38%, which was just 13%, 4 years ago. So again, that is what 
has aided and helped us in staying above board. We feel another 1, 2 quarters, it will start to 
reflect clearly into the numbers in terms of the growth that we have. 
 
Over to you, Kushal. 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Guru, if you can give some guidance or some discussion points about the demerger-related 
investments and margins? 
Guruprasad Srinivasan: 
Sure. So I mean while Lohit did cover most of it, a few specific data points, Amit. See, last full 
year, specifically, if I take the general staffing, they added about 59,000 headcount. And for the 
same period, for a period of 9 months, we have done about 46,000 headcount, and we are about 
88% achievement to last year. And generally -- historically, if you look at it, Q3, de-hiring is a 
common phenomenon, but I think we have seen a little more de-hiring than the regular, plus the 
open mandate. And specifically Lohit did allude to BFSI segment not being that active in terms 
of hiring. We have seen a little slowdown on open mandate also. We have roughly about 14,000 
open mandates currently. A few specific indicators to look at is -- our core-to-associate ratio 
continues to be healthy. We are about 1:371 and we've slightly inched up on that. Having said 
that, we will continue to invest and stay ahead is our sourcing capability. Specifically in my 
previous call, I've spoken about job spots investment that we are doing for hiring specifically for 
the manufacturing segment. We have already opened about 5 job spots, about 6 job spots now. 
By end of this year, we will have at least another 4 of them coming up in various other 
manufacturing clusters. 80% of our contracts still continues to be in collect and pay. So the cash 
flows and the DSO days that this platform maintains are pretty healthy there. If you still look at 
what encourages us is the fact that still 34% of employment who are coming into the workforce 
are still, first time coming into workforce. That gives us more confidence that formalization is 
taking place, which will continue more open mandates as we move forward. 
 
So, from that standpoint, I think the indicators are right. However, verticalization can only bring 
in more focus. So, for example, the large platform vertical for us is BFSI, followed by consumer 
retail, telecom, manufacturing and industries, plus a special focus on value-added services, how 
we can bring in more digital intrusion into the staffing is what we are doing. Each of this vertical 
will have its own structure of delivery, and it will have its own structure to the market and go to 
market. While there will be a common back-end in terms of the payroll process, onboarding, and 
all the technology that Lohit spoke about, there will be much more deeper focus coming into 
each of these vertical. And the way we set the target, the way we start off reviewing this vertical 
will also be very exclusive. While overall business will carry a growth target of double digit, 
each of the vertical may have much sharper target the way the market is reacting to that particular 
vertical and the opportunities existing for them. 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
So, from that standpoint, we'll be much more closer to monitoring these verticals at a very micro 
level. And we strongly believe that consolidated effort on this will help us to continue to be at 
double-digit growth. 
Amit Chandra: 
So lastly, just a follow-up on the workforce management piece. So there has been a sharp rise in 
terms of the transfers versus the sourcing. So is it by design? Or is it for this quarter for a 
particular client? 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Your line is a little incoherent. Can you repeat your question? 
Amit Chandra: 
Yes sir, I was saying that just a follow-up that the transfer in terms of joinees is now 77% versus 
66%. So there is a sharp increase there. So is it related to a particular client or -- because the 
higher transfers also result in lower margins, if my understanding is correct. 
 
And secondly, like moving on to the foundit platform, so, obviously, there was weakness in this 
quarter and it's in a transformation phase. So, if you can throw some more light in terms of how 
the recent management changes will, in terms of the long-term strategy of us achieving, say, 
around 20% of the market and like breaking even in FY26, so where we are in that journey? 
Guruprasad Srinivasan: 
Sure. So let me take the first part, and then I'll get Suresh to talk about the foundit piece. With 
regard to transfer question specifically that you had, that's more to do within the quarter, as we 
had a transition that happened. Otherwise, this number can fluctuate between 60% to 70% 
quarter-on-quarter. I mean this is normal in this business. So with regard to foundit specifically, 
yes, it's a weak season. We have declined about 28%, I mean, because most of our exposure, 
almost 65% of our platform usage is from IT/ITeS companies, and they are not that active there. 
Our 2.0 launch has been a very successful launch. The recruiter outreach program that we are 
building to enhance and encourage the usage. And our order renewal rate has been 83%. So there 
are a few good indicators. So I'll get Suresh to talk about this in detail. 
V Suresh: 
I think you covered most of it. I mean, in my view, traditionally Q3 has been a big quarter for 
improvement. Plus, the dependency on IT/ITeS services is one of the areas. And we see IT 
slowly picking up. And as Guru rightly said, foundit 2.0 initiatives have been well received. If I 
were to give you some data points, I could see significant improvement of profile updates. It's 
30% up quarter-on-quarter. And I also see the segment's active users up 8% quarter-on-quarter 
and 22% up year-on-year. So we have certain recruits and we hope the market also picks up. I 
hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chintan Sheth from Girik Capital. 
Chintan Sheth: 
I think last part of the question has been answered on the EBITDA part. But if you think from 
the perspective that the investments currently which you have made, you made a comment that 
as they start yielding incremental revenue, we can see leverage playing out and the margins to 
improve further from base, right? The next process is to recover back 2.4%-2.5% levels. And 
then FY26 if you look at, once they start generating revenue, we can still -- our guidepost of 3% 
is intact. Is that understanding correct? 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
This question is regarding WFM. But on the EBITDA margins, I'll ask Kamal to give some 
flavour on the margins. 
Kamal Pal Hoda: 
Yes. So Chintan, you're absolutely right, these investments are for incremental revenue, and 
some of them we've already started seeing in, like Lohit explained, the GCC hiring space and 
the niche hiring and the premiums that we are receiving on the IT space is compensating for the 
slowness that we are seeing in the Singapore IT staffing. In terms of margin guidance, 3% for 
WFM is a North Star. And the uptick can only happen when both the IT staffing in India as well 
as the international IT staffing jointly fire all cylinders. So that's a North Star for the platform 
and the entire investment has been done keeping in line those margins in mind. 
Guruprasad Srinivasan: 
Just to add Chintan here. I mean as we've all said, we are doing the capacity building in each of 
the platforms considering the demerger situation, plus getting deeper into taking on future 
revenue streams, how do we strengthen the existing platforms and strengthen our existing 
delivery capability, plus also invest in future revenue streams such as VAS or GCC-as-a-service, 
then plus specifically, the verticalization will bring in sharper focus. And verticalization in itself 
means more of a leadership strengthening, 5 verticals, bringing those domain experts to be part 
of each of the verticals so that we can create more solutions deeper into respective verticals, just 
continuing what we are doing. So of course, we'll continue to do better what we are doing. But 
how do we get future revenue streams is something that we are parallelly working on. So, all 
these investments are towards capacity building and supporting that delivery and strengthening 
our position. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Okay. And second question is on the average PAPM. If we look at WFM business, we have seen 
YoY growth here. You mentioned that some of it is related to the seasonal bonuses which we 
have paid and are largely pass-through. Then can we see this average PAPM to moderate in 4Q 
and then transition based on the mix, how IT recovers or GCC recovers? We'll see some 
improvement there. Because if you look at the average PAPM for last few quarters, it has been 
on the declining trend because general staffing share is increasing consistent over the last few 
quarters, right? 
Kamal Pal Hoda: 
So Chintan, on general staffing as well as for workforce management, we've been giving 
guidance that we should look at the overall EBITDA increase rather than percentage EBITDA. 
Some of the reasons which we mentioned on the call, and you picked up, right, that the bonus 
payouts during Q3 affects margin percentage because and Lohit also mentioned that number is 
close to around INR160-odd crores, goes directly without adding any to the bottom line. So, I 
think general staffing and in general for workforce management, the absolute EBITDA increase 
is something which would be a good indicator for you, because we work internally as to how 
much gross margin to net EBITDA conversion we can do. And that's an internal metric that we 
follow. 
Guruprasad Srinivasan: 
So just to add as Kamal said, there could be one odd payout that would happen. Plus, when there 
is a wage increase typically on a flat fee, the wage increase will not impact EBITDA. And so, if 
you look at the revenue growth, through sales its about 30% contribution and the balance 70% 
comes through all the other wage increase or onetime bonuses that can also impact. So typically, 
the right metrics or right way to measure this business is what is my gross margin to EBITDA 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
conversion. And that is something that we seriously review internally. We have been hovering 
about 67% on this, which is quite healthy, and continue to keep our collect and pay ratio and 
upfront ratio on track. So these are 2 areas for us too. But otherwise, these margins would 
fluctuate. 
Chintan Sheth: 
And lastly, on the budget -- sorry. 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Yes, continue, continue. Yes, Chintan. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Lastly, on the budget announcement which happened post-election, about the subsidy scheme 
and all, any thoughts on what are the challenges and how it has benefited us or going to benefit 
us? Any input? Because last time we checked, you mentioned that there are some discussions 
happening on how actually, on ground, to execute the scheme. But any development on that 
front would be helpful. 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Lohit, if you can share some inputs on the budget announcement from ELI schemes. 
Lohit Bhatia: 
Yes, sure. You are talking about the budget which came in summer of '24. And primarily for 
formalization and for job and employment growth, at the base of the pyramid, the government 
has given us the ELI schemes. The ELI schemes, primarily rule drafting has been completed. 
Lots of stakeholder consultations have happened in the last couple of months. And to our best 
understanding, and I would use the word understanding at this stage because, obviously, the final 
announcement has to come from respective ministries and the government, they are the 
custodians, is that they have readied the technical platform and the technology which will be 
able to measure what each company has contributed in terms of new job growth. And job growth 
is defined both as people who get added to EPFO versus people who get added to EPFO for the 
very first time with the UAN number. Now just to give you a data point, Quess continues to be 
at the forefront of this formalization in India and this rural to urban transition in India. Just in 
YTD 2025, you will be interested to know 1,13,000 people have come to our workforce 
management platform for the very first time and got a UAN number. We are also just 2 days 
away from the government coming back with another budget. We are very hopeful that the long-
term trajectory and the government's intention also of formalization and employment growth 
remains in this budget as well. And maybe we will hear a little more firm announcement of the 
implementation date of ELI itself. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Got it, got it. And last bit on the exceptional which you mentioned related to demerger, should 
we expect it to continue in 4Q? Any spill over expected in 4Q? 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Kamal, if you can take this question. 
Kamal Pal Hoda: 
Yes. Chintan, so as we are almost on the verge of getting the demerger completion, as explained 
in our call, in the current quarter, which is Q4, there would be some costs which we are yet to 
incur which are purely identified and one-off costs related to demerger. The magnitude may not 
be as high as what we have incurred in Q3, but there will be some costs definitely which will 
come in Q4 as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique Stock Broking. 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Sorry, I missed some part of the call. So in case I'm repeating anything, you can please ignore 
that question. But my first question is, sorry to harp on this question again on this slowdown, 
which is more like consumption-led. Even yesterday, Teamlease has talked about in FMCG, 
manufacturing there has been a slowdown. 
 
So from what I could make out is, obviously, now you are also saying it's an industry-wide 
phenomenon. So do we also expect Q4 to be muted and we will see some decline in headcount? 
And how should we look at Q1 and Q2? Because this slowdown, I mean, it can go on for 2, 3 
quarters as well, right? So just want some clarity on how it's going to play out as per our 
understanding maybe in next 2, 3 quarters? 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
I'll ask Lohit to give a sense of the business environment right now. Lohit, if you can. 
Lohit Bhatia: 
Yes, Kushal. So broadly, Vikas, you're right. I mean sentiment-wise, I think everybody has been 
saying the same thing from post Diwali. And it could be a combination of factors. Guru in his 
opening speech itself said that the high inflation which was primarily due to the food basket and 
the CPI inflation index is the one which has kept the interest rates fairly high. There's a lot of 
money which has been taken out of the system. And in the last 3 quarters, RBI has further also 
tightened unsecured lending. Now both these actions give less disposable income or less 
disposable money in the hands of individuals, especially the millennials, who consume most of 
the goods and services that majority of Indian enterprise creates. Having said that, I think the 
recognition of the fact that something needs to be done is coming fast. And I'm hopeful that in 
the next 48 hours as we hear the next budget, there would be things which would be towards 
driving consumption. Having said that, let me just tell you, I mean, nobody said this is going to 
be easy. When you build India's largest staffing company and largest employer, it's never going 
to be an easy ride. And our goal post has changed to making the world's largest now. We 
constantly look at macro and micro environment, but then we quickly look within that the 
business and the vertical and the segment environment. And then through that, the customer 
environment, and through that, the delivery and the productivity that we can do. 
 
So there are lots of moving parts. We have over 3,000 customers. We can add another 7,000 
customers. And still there are more enterprises to acquire in this country. So I don't think so I 
want to just talk about consumption and say that's the only one impediment and the factor. But 
yes, when you are 10% of the market share of the market, what happens to the market for that 
quarter will have a reflection on your results and the momentum trajectory as well. But like I 
said, while we are watchful of the macro, micro economic factors, we are more watchful of our 
own segments, our own businesses where we need to sharpen and deepen our results. I'll just 
take 1 or 2 data points. 2020, when we came out of Covid, we had 9,000 people in our IT staffing 
in India. Our revenue PAPM was 48,000, but our gross margin PAPM from those 9,000 people 
was just about 7,000. Today, the headcount is 7,000. However, with a concerted effort of going 
towards niche, super niche and the GCC segment, the revenue PAPM is now nearing 80,000 and 
our gross margin PAPM in that business is nearing the 20,000-plus trajectory. Last 8 months, 
our new gross margin addition is at 40,000 gross margin trajectory. So the point I'm trying to 
make is this is a medium to long play. We are not here in this business for 1 or 2 quarters. And 
neither are we going to use the quarterly results either as a euphoria or as an excuse. 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Okay, okay. So just one thing in that. I mean, for Q4, are we expecting a decline in headcount? 
And my second question is, on this GCC-as-a-service, which Guru sir talked about in the opening 
remarks, are we largely trying to cater the new GCCs we are setting up or we are going with this 
offering to existing GCCs also? And what could be the potential? I mean, if  any 1 or 2 examples 
you can share how we are approaching those GCCs? 
Lohit Bhatia: 
India has close to 1,900 operational GCCs. The first decade of GCCs did not even bring in 500 
into the country. Whereas today, it's anticipated that every 2 to 3 years more than 500 GCCs get 
added. These GCCs could be a combination of both existing GCCs expanding or opening new 
centres or these could be new GCCs. Second, from the time, say, 25, 30 years ago when 
transition of IT work started happening to India, it was more transactional work which was 
happening. So you punch a lot of data, you get people at 1/10th the cost in India, punching 
becomes cheaper, and hence, you bring business to India. Subsequently in the last 10 years, we 
are seeing a significant shift. From transactions, it has moved to transformation. So, today the 
questions being asked is, if we do this in Europe, U.S. or any other part of the world and we are 
taking 7 steps to do it, can it be done in 2 or 3 steps? Can 1 or 2 steps be generative AI using 
along with human intervention? So that has started to happen. And the third phase, which we 
are very microscopically seeing, but it will play out in a big way for the coming years for India 
is where product development itself starts to happen. So, look at it as a thematic scheme across 
multiple years and decades. We were only in transactions. We moved to transformation. And 
from transformation, we'll finally go into product development, which is where it's the highest 
of the element. 
 
To your question, Quess has always had a plethora of services. Thanks to our OAM platform, 
our GTS platform, our WFM platform, today, we can from the gate of an organization right up 
to inside, we can give multiple services. We do give multiple services. We'll have multiple 
MSAs. So GCCs have always been wanting to look at a service provider which can do this end-
to-end right from real estate support services right up to the talent acquisition and then even 
monitoring and measuring the work which is being done. We've started this only a few months 
back. Our first of such setups has already gone live and the customer has already acquired it, 
acquired the premises, and it's scaling up now gradually. We feel that in the coming quarters 
we'll be able to strengthen GCC-as-a-service rather than just providing services to GCCs. It will 
become significant for our overall business in India itself, while we'll continue to service all 
other GCCs as a talent acquisition provider as well. I hope that kind of gives you the sense. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Investments. Riya Mehta, your 
line has been unmuted. Please go ahead with your question. We'll move on to the next question. 
It's from the line of Aniket Kulkarni from BMSPL Capital. Please go ahead.  
Aniket Kulkarni: 
So firstly, there have been some rumours that a new labour code will be introduced in the budget. 
So wanted to understand the financial implications on revenue, EBITDA margins and as well as 
the absolute EBITDA number if, let's say, the minimum wage drastically goes up. So, what is 
the flow-through and how will your financials be affected by it? 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Lohit, if you can give some sense on the labour code which Aniket talking about. 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Lohit Bhatia: 
Sure. The parliament approved the labour code a few years ago, as we are aware, and since then, 
labour being in a Concurrent List in India, the states have been doing ratification of what we call 
rules. There are 4 codes. Some states have done ratification of all 4 codes. Some have done for 
2 of them. Some have done for 3. And it's a process which is happening simultaneously. But our 
understanding with the ministry or our learning on this subject is that we are almost at 90%, 95% 
mark as far as that aspect is concerned. The second aspect is not only do you have to do rule 
ratification, you also have to create the new systems, the processes and everything for the labour 
code implementation to really happen. That's also going on. And there is dialogue and 
consultation with all stakeholders. Stakeholders in this case are not just enterprises and large 
companies which are employers. They are also employee associations. There are employee 
unions and many other stakeholders which get impacted by a massive change like this. See, some 
of our labour laws are dated back 1924, 1947, 1974. So many of them are from decades when 
none of us even were born, and most of the gig economy, the technology work, the IT/ITeS, 
nothing existed. So, it's a rewriting of or rewiring of a country's last 70 to 100 years. 
 
To your specific question, what does it do to our business? We've been consulting through our 
industry federation with the government for over 6 to 7 years. And hence, in many ways, this 
labour code was born. It's looked at positively for the staffing industry for a couple of reasons, 
and I'll spell them out. One is formalization gets aided in a massive way. Second, just take an 
example of CLRA. Today, if we have hundreds and thousands of customers and each customer 
has 10, 15 or 50 different premises where we have to deploy labour, we have to technically take 
a Form 5 and an individual labour license for each location under each district labour 
commissioner and then file the returns.  There is a nationalized license up to 5 years, which is a 
massive provision. And hence, a company like Quess can actually look out into the future, ask 
for a bigger labour license. Implementation of new people coming on board gets faster. Your 
ease of doing business becomes better. And hence, more job creation and faster onboarding can 
happen. To your question on minimum wage, yes, there is something called a floor or a national 
living wage concept which is being spoken about. Today, some states are above INR20,000 
minimum wage, some states are still as low as INR10,000. Average would be between 
INR13,000 to INR15,000. If the floor of the living wage were to come out, there will still be 
other elements to it depending on whether you're in a metro or whether you are in a rural or a 
semi-rural or an urban segment. We feel wages eventually will go up because at the bottom of 
the pyramid, wages have to also go up as well. It will impact by 2 ways. Immediately, it will 
increase our revenues. On a margin percentage basis, it may show some stress. But on the actual 
earning of the rupee value, it doesn't because our contracts are hedged in such a way that any 
minimum rate change, and that's the same for the last 18 years, is automatically passed on to the 
consumer, and the consumer gives a new purchase order to us and we are able to pass it back to 
them. So it is not negative from that aspect. But the positive benefits far, far outweigh the fact 
that percentage margin may look a little subdued if that were to happen. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Understood. So just some clarification on that. So, let's say, if the minimum wage is suppose 
INR10,000 and it goes to INR12,000. So, based on the amount that you earn on your contracts, 
is there an absolute value change? Or are the contracts based on a percentage of the wage that 
you give to the employees? Or is it a fixed value which you earn on it? So, for example, let's 
say, on a INR10,000 minimum wage, you get INR500. So, if that goes to, let's say, INR15,000, 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
will you be getting INR750? Or will you still be getting only those INR500 until the contracts 
are renegotiated? 
Lohit Bhatia: 
Sure. So this is only in the case of general staffing. This is not in the case of IT and international. 
Because in the case of IT and international, predominantly, we'll be working either on what is 
called a bill rate model or a percentage model. But coming back specific to general staffing, 70-
odd percent of our book is flat fee, between 65% to 70%. So there, our earning potentially can 
remain the same, whereas the overall bill value or the revenue of the company would increase. 
So the top line would increase, but the gross margin and EBITDA margin may not change in 
absolute terms or rupee terms. Some of our contracts, about 30% to 35%, are percentage based. 
And the ones which are percentage based, obviously, the earning also goes up proportionately. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
So for this fixed fee contracts, are you in a position to renegotiate them once the minimum wage 
goes up? Because -- I mean, if it continues to be a fixed rate contract, wouldn't it be detrimental 
to you over the long run because if, I mean... 
Lohit Bhatia: 
Negotiation is always a prerogative in business. And I'm sure we will not lose an opportunity to 
negotiate. But we also have to see what does the market give. We will not trade off growth for 
negotiating higher margins from existing customers. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Understood. Can I squeeze in one last question? I just wanted to know about the foundit 
operating performance. So you said that we would be EBITDA breakeven by Q4. I mean, I don't 
think that will happen. So if you just could give a few lines about what went different along the 
way and what is your outlook for the foundit business in FY26? that will be my last question. 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Suresh, if you can take the call about the discussion on the operational performance of foundit. 
V Suresh: 
Yes. I think it's a strategy that we embarked on, on foundit 2.0. And from a foundit 2.0 point of 
view, the data points on the acquisition of our profiles, profile updates, recruiter search, all these 
metrics we have seen definitely positive momentum. If you really look at it, the last 9 months 
have been not so good for the IT/ITeS, BFSI sector, which is where foundit has been 
significantly strong, which is 65% to 70% of all our revenues come from the segment. So 
coupled with the kind of macro environment that we have seen, the kind of headwinds that we 
saw in IT/ITeS kind of pushed us back. Having said that, there are some green shoots and there 
is a new management which has taken over effective on December. And we foresee the overall 
macroeconomic environment on IT/ITeS to kind of pick up. And we will come back to you 
probably with more updates in the next quarter. 
Guruprasad Srinivasan: 
Just to add on that, Aniket. Currently, we clock a revenue of INR26 crores per quarter. And just 
to put the perspective, at around INR45 we will be breakeven. So that's the cost that we are 
incurring. And we have in the past done INR37 crores per quarter. I think we are slated to first 
get there as step 1 and then drive towards -- marching towards INR50 crores per quarter. 
 
With market opening up a bit and our renewal rate being almost 83%, plus product 2.0 which 
has been launched, the recruiter outreach program that we are working on gives us the 
confidence to get, maybe in the next 3 quarters we'll be nearly to the breakeven. 

 
Quess Corp Limited. 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, this was the last question for today's 
conference call. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Guruprasad Srinivasan: 
So again, I take this opportunity to thank each one of you, and thanks for joining this Q3 earnings 
call. Your question and feedback has always been really valuable. I would like to once again 
highlight that we remain steadfast to grow the business across all operational and financial 
metrics. I sincerely look forward along with my team to catch up with each one of you for 
interaction during our next visit. Thank you. 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of IIFL Capital Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(The document has been slightly edited to improve readability) 
