 
 
Adani Power Limited 
          Tel  +91 79 2656 7555 
“Adani Corporate House” 
          Fax +91 79 2555 7177 
 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, 
info@adani.com 
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,                                            
           www.adanipower.com 
Ahmedabad-382421, Gujarat India 
CIN : L40100GJ1996PLC030533 
 
Registered Office: “Adani Corporate House”, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad-382421 
February 5, 2025  
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Code: 533096 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Scrip Code: ADANIPOWER 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors / Analysts Conference Call on Q3 FY25 Financial 
Results of Adani Power Limited 
 
Ref.: Our intimation dt. January 24, 2024 and January 29, 2024 w.r.t. 
interaction with Investors / Analysts pursuant to Regulation 30 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
In furtherance to our above-referred intimations, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Investors / Analysts Conference Call. 
 
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website 
of the Company i.e. www.adanipower.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
  
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Adani Power Limited 
 
 
 
Deepak S Pandya 
Company Secretary 
Mem. No.: F5002 
  
 
Encl.: as above. 
 
DEEPAK 
SANATKUM
AR PANDYA
Digitally signed by 
DEEPAK 
SANATKUMAR 
PANDYA 
Date: 2025.02.05 
19:01:29 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Adani Power Limited Q3 FY25 Results Earnings Call” 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. S. B. KHYALIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ADANI POWER LIMITED 
MR. DILIP JHA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ADANI POWER LIMITED 
MR. NISHIT DAVE – AVP (INVESTOR RELATIONS), ADANI POWER LIMITED 
MODERATOR:  
MR. PRANAV FURIA – ANTIQUE STOCKBROKING 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Post-Results 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of Adani Power Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 0 on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav Furia from Antique 
Stockbroking. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pranav Furia: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to welcome 
you all to the Q3 FY '25 Earnings Call of Adani Power Limited. 
Today, we have with us the Management Team represented by Mr. 
S B Khyalia – CEO; Mr. Dilip Jha – CFO; and Mr. Nishit Dave – Head, 
Investor Relations. We will start with the brief opening remarks, 
which will be followed by Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Shersingh Khyalia: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to 
discuss our Financial Results for the 3rd Quarter of Financial Year 
‘25. 
I have with me, our CFO – Dilip Jha; and Investor Relations Head – 
Nishit Dave. I am sure you must have downloaded and gone 
through our results announcement and presentation. 
Adani Power has continued its strong operational and financial 
performance in Quarter 3, with higher operating capacity after the 
recent acquisition of Moxie Power that was erstwhile Coastal 
Energen, Korba Power, and Dahanu power plant. 
As you all know, India's power demand has been growing strongly, 
barring some impact of seasonality and weather in recent months. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
Our fleet is well positioned to address this demand, both under 
PPAs and in the merchant market. 
As a result of this, we have continued with a strong PLF 
performance in Quarter 3, and the 9-month period till December 
2024. While our power supply under PPAs continue to enjoy a 
good merit order position, we have dispatched higher volumes in 
the market, both short term as well as merchant. 
On a 9-month basis, APL achieved a PLF of 69% and dispatch of 
69.5 billion units till December '24, which is a growth of 22% over 
the corresponding period of FY '24. Our revenues also registered a 
growth of 13% on a recurring basis for this period to reach INR 
41,951 crores. The revenue under PPA incorporates an element of 
lower import fuel prices. 
In the case of merchant sales, while tariffs have come down in the 
current year, we were able to increase our volumes by more than 
50% by leveraging our competitive advantages and earned 
substantial contribution.  
As a result, we have achieved a growth of 22% in recurring EBITDA 
for the 9-month period, ended December '24, to INR 16,478 crores. 
We have been able to resolve all our major regulatory matters 
successfully in the previous two fiscal years, due to which our 
recognition of prior period revenues has gone down. We 
recognized INR 2,420 crores of one-time revenue only in the 9-
month period December '24, as compared to INR 9,227 crores in 
the corresponding period of 2024.  
Our profit after tax for the 9-month period is at a strong level of 
INR 10,150 crores, and 2,940 crores for Quarter 3, 2025. This 
robust profitability and healthy liquidity are helping us to fuel our 
expansion plans to achieve more than 30 gigawatts of operating 
capacity by 2030. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
We have already given out the main plant equipment orders for 
11.2-gigawatt capacity and secured the most critical part of the 
project supply chain. We are now giving out orders for civil work 
erection and commissioning and balance of plant in a phased 
manner for the upcoming projects. 
Our ongoing expansion project at Mahan for 1,600 megawatt is 
well underway and on schedule with more than 40% physically 
progress. We have also started work at the Raipur site for its 1,600-
megawatt expansion project, which will supply power to 
Maharashtra Discom for which we have signed a PPA for net 
capacity of 1,496 megawatts. 
In addition to this, we are also in discussion with OEMs and other 
contractors for reviving and completing the 1,320-megawatt 
expansion project at Korba, which was earlier known as Lanco 
Amarkantak.  
More states are expected to come up with bids for long-term PPAs 
for sourcing baseload power. We are keen to participate in these 
bids and are confident of leveraging our key competitive strength 
successfully. 
We have selected our plant locations and various acquisitions very 
strategically. Their locational advantage and availability of land 
will enhance our competitive edge for the upcoming PPAs. Apart 
from this, we are also focusing on bolstering our fuel security by 
acquiring commercial mines in coal blocks that are in the vicinity 
of our power plants. 
We have recently acquired Stratatech Mineral Resources from 
Adani Enterprises Limited and amalgamated it into Mahan 
Energen. The acquired entity is the licensee for the  Dhirauli mine, 
which is just next door to the Mahan power plant at Singrauli. It 
will supply 5 million tonne of coal after 2 years, which will be 
utilized by the untied capacity of the Mahan power plant. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
While we focus sharply on business growth and performance, we 
also pay equal attention to our responsibilities as a good corporate 
citizen. We have made consistent efforts to fulfil our ESG 
commitments 
and 
improve 
our 
performance 
on 
various 
parameters. I am happy to note that our all-round efforts have 
earned recognition in the form of improved ESG ratings, awarded 
by various Indian and international ESG rating agencies. 
Recently, we have improved our score from 48/100 to 68 /100 in 
Corporate Sustainability Assessment by S&P Global. This puts us 
among the top 15% in the peer set, which has an average rating of 
only 42 /100. We have received other similar high ratings and 
continue to improve our performance year-on-year. 
Going forward, we are fully committed to enhancing the value 
created for our all stakeholders through a relentless focus on 
quality and efficiency in all aspects of our operations. 
Thank you for your continued support. I look forward to your 
questions. I'll now hand the call over to our CFO. Over to you, Mr. 
Dilip. 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you, Khyalia sir, and good afternoon, everyone. As Khyalia Ji 
has put it, our performance for 9 months and Quarter 3 of Financial 
Year ‘25 continues to reflect our strategic initiatives and 
operational excellence. 
On the operational side, APL’s generating capacity during Quarter 
3 FY '25 was 17,550 megawatts, as compared to 15,250 megawatts 
in Quarter 3 FY '24, and this is due to the acquisitions. It achieved 
a consolidated PLF of 63.9% in the recently concluded quarter, in 
comparison to 68.6% in the corresponding period of last year. The 
main reason for the lower PLF was demand variability due to 
weather conditions apart from a strong base effect. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
However, we have maintained excellent availability of our plants 
on the strength of our O&M excellence and fuel management 
expertise. Power sales volume grew by 8% for Quarter 3 FY '25 as 
compared to FY '24, supported by higher operating capacity and a 
strong growth in merchant volumes. 
In the 3rd Quarter of FY '25, our continuing revenue stood at INR 
13,434 crores, showing a stable performance compared to 
previous year. Our continuing EBITDA for the quarter was INR 
4,786 crores, reflecting our ability to maintain profitability despite 
market challenges, like seasonability and variability of demand. 
The continuing profit before tax for the quarter was INR 2,659 
crores, while onetime prior period income was INR 1,400 crores in 
Quarter 3, FY '25 as compared to a derecognition of comparatively 
very small amount of INR 50 crores in the same period of last year. 
On the base of this strong operating profitability and recovery of 
past dues, we posted a strong profit after tax of INR 2,940 crores 
for the quarter. 
For the first 9 months of FY '25 , our continuing revenue grew by 
13% year-on-year to INR 41,951 crores. This growth was primarily 
driven by higher sales volume, supported by improved power 
demand as compared to the previous year, and larger operating 
capacity. Our continuing EBITDA for the same period increased by 
22% year-on-year basis to INR 16,478 crores. This robust growth 
was mainly due to higher recurring revenues and lower fuel prices. 
Our focus on cost control and operational efficiency has enabled 
us 
to 
achieve 
this 
significant 
improvement 
in 
EBITDA. 
Furthermore, our continuing profit before tax for the first 9 
months of FY '25 also grew by an impressive 33% on year-on-year 
basis to INR 10,679 crores. This increase was driven by the 
improved EBITDA, and effective management of finance costs 
also. One-time prior period recognition was comparatively lower, 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
that is at INR 2,420 crores in the 9 months ended December '24, 
as compared to INR 9,227 crores for the corresponding period of 
the previous year. And this is primarily due to our having received 
a majority of our regulatory claims in the previous couple of years. 
As you may be able to appreciate, the recurring financial 
performance 
we 
are 
reporting 
regularly 
now 
is 
ample 
demonstration of the core earning potential of our portfolio. We 
are also adding value-accretive capacity by organic means. Our 
recent acquisitions have been made at attractive valuations. They 
present us with an opportunity to turn them around quickly 
utilizing our sector-leading capabilities. These results underscore 
our commitment to delivering consistent and sustainable growth. 
We remain focused on enhancing our operational capability, 
optimizing our cost structure and capitalizing on the opportunities 
in the Indian power sector. 
Thank you for your continued support and confidence in Adani 
Power. We look forward to discussing our performance in more 
detail and addressing any questions you may have, please. Over to 
moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone, sir. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press 
“*”and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to withdraw 
yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and 2. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a 
question.  
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. We have our first question from the 
line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir, and thanks for the opportunity. My first 
question is, sir, can you please help us with the timelines for 1.4 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
gigawatt PPA, which was signed at MSEDCL, when it is going to 
kick in? 
  
Shersingh Khyalia: As per the PPA, there is a time period of 42 months for the 
commissioning of the unit. And before that, there is a period of 18 
months available for financial closure. So, let us say, total 60 
months are available. But we are planning to commission this 
within a period of 4 years. So, as per PPA, 5 years is available, but 
our internal plan is to commission within a period of 4 years. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. And on the Lanco, I think we acquired in this 
quarter. Is that right understanding? And secondly, when do you 
expect this 1.3 gigawatt to be operational in your opinion?  
Shersingh Khyalia: Commissioning of the balance work will be around 30 months. It 
will take around 30 months from today.  
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. And have you acquired the Lanco completely in 
this quarter? Is that right understanding? 
Dilip Jha: 
Yes. So, we have acquired Lanco on 6 September, so partially 1 
month considered in the quarter 2 results, and then for 3 months 
in Quarter 3. 
Nishit Dave: 
Yes. And we have acquired 100% of that, in case that is what you 
are asking. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. And sir, can you please explain the one-time booking 
of this INR 14 billion and the nature of it? In the notes to accounts, 
we see only 5C, which talks about INR 871.82 crores of recognition 
towards tariff compensation claims. 
Dilip Jha: 
Yes. So, this is pertaining to one-time income we booked related 
to coal shortfall for Haryana Discom. This is more than INR 411 
crores. In Tiroda, it is mainly DSM recovery, around INR 420 crores,  

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
and then LPS charges in the rest of the DISCOMs. So, in total, you 
can say Haryana DISCOM, coal shortfall, INR 411 crore, Tiroda DSM 
INR 422 crore, and LPS for rest of the DISCOMs, mainly pertaining 
to Bangladesh. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And this is note #7, sir, which talks about the company has claimed 
compensation of alternate costs for 1.2 gigawatt of supplementary 
PPA with Haryana DISCOMs. It speaks about INR 782 crores of 
recognized revenues. Is this included as INR 1500 crores? 
Dilip Jha: 
Yes, it is included. Haryana DISCOMs have accepted 50% of our 
claim.  
Mohit Kumar: 
This is only 50%. The 50% claim is still there?  
Dilip Jha: 
Yes. This is 50%. We have raised a bill up to December, INR 1,908 
crores. Out of that, we have received INR 966 crores. This is almost 
50% of that. So, with minor adjustment related to taxes and duties, 
net amount of INR 782 crores was recognized during the quarter. 
We have received full payment against INR 782 crores from 
Haryana Discom. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood sir. Thank you and best of luck. Thank you. That’s it. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Puneet Gulati from 
HSBC Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
My question is, again, just on this Haryana recognition of INR 782 
crores, sir, INR 916 crores was not accounted as income earlier in 
our P&L at all. Is that understanding, correct? 
Dilip Jha: 
Yes, this understanding is correct. We first ensure the consistency 
of this income. After receiving some amount in quarter 1, we 
waited to establish consistency in quarter 2 also, which we 
received. Finally, we saw that we are receiving 50% payment 
consistently. That is why in this quarter, we recognized 50%, and 
will continue to recognize it.  

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. So, how much more should we expect from this going 
into next few quarters?  
Dilip Jha: 
We have issued bill of INR 1,908 crores, and we have received half 
of the amount, and let's see about the balance. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. My second question is in your presentation, you talked about 
the PPA for MSEDCL signed for 1,500 megawatts. My 
understanding was for the 2,000 megawatt thing. So, is 500 still 
to go or is it scrapped? 
Shersingh Khyalia: Which PPA you are talking about?  
Puneet Gulati: 
The MSEDCL PPA.  
Shersingh Khyalia: No. MSEDCL, the bid itself was for gross 1,600 megawatts, that is 
2 units of 800 MW each. Our expansion project is also of 2 into 
800 MW units. This 1,500 MW is net capacity at the Maharashtra 
boundary after auxiliary consumption, so there is neither surplus 
in that expansion, nor there is any further availability under that 
bid. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. And if you can also talk about which states are you 
expecting to get bids from for your future tie-ups? 
Shersingh Khyalia: Many of the states have got coal allocation under SHAKTI B(iv), 
which is the scheme under which states get coal allocation for 
doing the competitive bidding for procurement of long-term 
power. Under this, Uttar Pradesh has got coal allocation, similarly 
Madhya Pradesh, Assam, Karnataka have got the coal allocations. 
Andhra Pradesh is in the process. So, many of the states have 
either got the coal or have applied to Ministry of Power. These are 
the target states where we expect that the bids will come and we 
will tie up. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. That's great. And lastly, the status of your Bangladesh 
power plant? What's happening there? 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
Shersingh Khyalia: The Bangladesh power plant is running as per the PPA. There is 
absolutely no issue, and we have not received any communication 
from the other side, about any issue related to PPA. As far as the 
payment position is concerned. We are getting slightly more than 
the regular bill from last 3 or 4 months,. So, in the process, some 
part of old outstanding is also getting liquidated. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. Understood. That's helpful. And lastly, on the merchant 
power side, are you seeing lower tariffs, especially during the solar 
hours? And do you shut down your plants during solar hours? Or 
are you able to run it during that time itself? 
Shersingh Khyalia: During solar hours, obviously the tariff has to be lower and will go 
down lower, because the solar power is available, let us say, with 
reference to cost at INR 2.50 or so. So, obviously, tariff has to be 
lower, but this trend has been there for last 2 - 3 years and is going 
to be more or less same. 
However, the average rate of supply, particularly during 3rd 
Quarter was lower on account of lower demand in the 3rd Quarter, 
which is a bit abnormal situation, because the temperature was 
not as high this time as it used to be. The demand from agriculture 
side was also lower. So, this may be an aberration. 
Otherwise, the average tariff is going to be good, because during 
solar hours, the rate may be lower. Other than solar hours, because 
enough thermal capacity has not been added,  during peak hours, 
the country will continue to have shortages. During those hours, 
the rate of power can be almost INR 10. And overall, the average 
should be good. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So, my question is how easy is it to shut down during solar hours 
and restart in the evening? Or do you continue to run during solar 
as well? 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
Shersingh Khyalia: No, there is no need to shut the unit down. Only the rate will go 
down. Secondly, we are not operating on a day-to-day basis. Even 
in the merchant power plants, we are tying up weekly, monthly, 6 
monthly, short term, medium term contracts. So, to a large extent, 
to the extent of, technical minimum, it is always ensured that the 
capacity is tied up, so that the plant will always run at technical 
minimum at least. 
During solar hours, the plant may be running at technical minimum 
at times if the high rates are not available, but during peak hours, 
you can immediately ramp up and operate at full capacity. So, 
plants are not shut down during solar hours. They are operated at 
lower capacity. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. That's very helpful. Thank you so much and all the 
best. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Shah: 
Good morning, Khyalia Sahab, and Dilip Ji. I am little confused 
about your initial comments about 3rd Quarter numbers being 
strong and robust, but barring the volumes having gone up 8% in 
the 3rd Quarter compared to the last year 3rd Quarter, our 
operating revenues have declined 3%, continuing EBITDA has 
declined 5%, and profit before tax from the continuing activity has 
declined 18%. 
So, I couldn't correlate what that robustness we were referring to. 
Or did I hear wrong? I don't know, but I am a bit confused on this. 
Shersingh Khyalia: Good afternoon, Bharat Bhai. I will give the initial remarks, and 
then Dilip will explain in detail. The robustness is with reference 
to the total power supply that we have done. Therefore, our PLF 
has been good. However, with reference to the EBITDA, which is a 
function of the quantity and the price, the price has been lower 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
during this 3rd Quarter. I have explained that because of various 
reasons, the demand in the country was not that good as it used 
to be during this quarter. 
Last year, in the same quarter, the demand was quite high, and 
therefore, the market prices were at least INR 1 and INR 1.5 higher 
than this year. However, the prices in the market have gone down 
this year, because of various reasons as explained earlier. 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you, Bharat Bhai. For Quarter 3, my reported EBITDA was 
INR 6,185 crores. As against that last time, the Quarter 3 same 
period, this was INR 5,009 crores. So, there is an increase of INR 
1,100 crores. In terms of continuing EBITDA, we reported INR 
4,786 crores as against INR 5,059 crores. So, it is INR 200-odd 
crores lower in comparison to the previous quarter’s continuing 
EBITDA, mainly due to merchant realization. 
Last time, in Quarter 3 FY '24, the average realization was INR 6.86 
per unit. As against that, we got INR 4.54 this time. So, this INR 
200 crores, this is mainly contributed by the comparatively lower 
tariff pertaining to merchant realization. Accordingly, its impact 
also reflects on continuing profit before tax. There is a slight 
increase in depreciation cost and financing cost due to new 
acquisitions. We are very much confident that in the future , the 
new acquisitions will add significantly to the numbers. 
Bharat Shah: 
So, Dilip Ji, broadly, volumes have grown up, but realizations have 
dropped. Finance and depreciation costs have gone up because of 
the acquired assets. But core performance broadly is similar to the 
quarter last year. It is not higher, but it's similar. It's higher in terms 
of the volumes, slightly lower in terms of the profits. 
Dilip Jha: 
Correct, sir. You will appreciate that the merchant rate was INR 
6.86 per unit, against which it is now INR 4.54. So, more than INR 
2 per unit of drop, which has caused this impact. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
Bharat Shah: 
That data was not there in the presentation, which now makes it 
very clear. Bangladesh, what are the outstanding dues as of the 
moment? 
Shersingh Khyalia: It was around USD 800 million, Bharat Bhai, as of now is 
outstanding and overdue is something around USD 700 million. 
Also, USD 100 million, is the difference between them and us, 
because of reconciliation, because they have not accounted for 
the LPS, etcetera, so far. So, you can take USD 700 million as 
outstanding as on date broadly. 
Bharat Shah: 
Right. And that 100 pending reconciliation, obviously, is hopefully 
not forgotten, right? 
Shersingh Khyalia: We have done reconciliation up to the month of May. And up to 
that point, they have also recognized USD 53 million of LPS. So, we 
are quite good that they have done the reconciliation up to May. 
So, it's not even more than 12 months pending. So, things seem to 
be okay now. 
Bharat Shah: 
Got it. But that USD 100 million pending reconciliation also will 
get reconciled and duly recovered, right? 
Shersingh Khyalia: Yes. We are not saying it is not reconcilable because there are 
issues of interpretation, and because we have just started last year 
on this project. So, there are issue of interpretation related to the 
formula, such as there is the HBA concept, so which HBA will apply 
- HBA, HBA1, HBA2, or HBA3. Then there are technical issues. 
Those things will get settled. We are confident that we will get 
realization of that. 
Bharat Shah: 
Right. And I suppose the next year should be a pretty strong year, 
because I think volumes will be much higher in '26 compared to 
the current year, which is going by. And overall other fixed costs 
and compared to that realization, I think overall performance of 
the business should be even a lot stronger in the '26. Like in the 9 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
months of the current year, the core performance is very strong. I 
suppose next year with the increased volume, overall performance 
should be much, much better? 
Shersingh Khyalia: Yes, sure, Bharat Bhai, we also feel the same because from January 
onwards, the demand has started picking up. The rates have also 
started picking up. Up to June, we see a very high demand period. 
July, August, September, is the natural rainy season. For October, 
November, December, also, we don't foresee any issue in demand 
at this stage. The consumption of electricity in the country is 
increasing day by day because of various initiatives of Government 
of India. We hope that this robust economic growth will continue. 
We have a very strong direct relationship with the growth of the 
economy and the growth of the demand of power. So, if the growth 
of economy will continue to be robust, it will help us, and we will 
also grow accordingly. 
Bharat Shah:  
Thank you, Khyalia Sahab. And thank you Dilip Ji. 
Shersingh Khyalia: Thank you, sir. 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you, Bharat Bhai. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vinod from 
PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Vinod Chari: 
Yes. Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just wanted to 
understand your view that there is a thought of bringing down the 
coal-fired technical minimum from 55% to 40%. So, what do you 
think will happen in such a scenario? Because I think the 
government is thinking that solar will overtake coal in the 
dispatch. 
Shersingh Khyalia: The government has already given a trajectory whereby the 
various units of the power stations of the entire country are listed, 
and they have to reach those targets by '25, '26, '27, '28, '29. Two 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
of our units are there in the target for next year to achieve 40%, 
and we are working on that. So, obviously, when more and more 
solar power will be available, the unit should be capable of going 
down up to 40%. 
However, as regards to thermal capacity it is not having much of 
an issue because our revenue is dependent on availability. So, we 
have to ensure that we are available. And thereafter, it is up to the 
customer to decide at what level they want to operate. 
Nevertheless, they cannot ask us to operate less than 40%, which 
is going to be the technical minimum even after implementation 
of this flexible scheme. 
Vinod Chari: 
Okay. So, basically, I think the cutoff point will be the solar cost 
plus the fixed charge recovery that is going to the thermal plant 
should be lower than the cost of thermal. Otherwise, there's no 
sense in backing down thermal, right? 
Shersingh Khyalia: Not necessarily, because solar is not going to have any variable 
cost, and the solar will always have a must run status. So, when 
the solar power is generated, you are not supposed to stop it, even 
if it is costing INR 2.5 to the end buyer. As a country as a whole, it 
is not consuming any resources. So, at that time, you cannot 
consume coal-based power of, say, INR 2 coal and avoid the solar 
power. So all the green resources will have must run status and 
they will inject the power first. So, we have to think of in that way. 
Vinod Chari: 
Okay. So, basically, the basic cost will be built in the system will be 
the solar cost plus the fixed cost recovery of the thermal plant 
broadly? 
Shersingh Khyalia: That may not be true because the solar power may be being 
generated for somebody while thermal is being generated for 
somebody else. So, at overall country level, the things will not be 
considered like that. On overall country level, you see what is the 
generation available during the day. Let us say, against a demand 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
of 4 lakh MW, 3 lakh MW is available from solar. So, all the thermal 
base load stations have to come down to 1 lakh MW, irrespective 
of who is the buyer of that thermal power. 
Vinod Chari: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Sir, second question I had was on BTG. I think the 
recent ordering that has happened for Kawai, Mahan, Raipur. Was 
BHEL the sole bidder in those orders? Or were there other players 
also bidding for those BTG orders? When you negotiated the 
package 8*800 megawatt with BHEL? 
Shersingh Khyalia: It's was not strictly done by bidding. We have taken the quotes and 
discussed with various parties. Then we finalised based on the 
lowest cost and considering the capability to deliver. So, it's not 
only the cost but we also consider the capability to deliver. 
BHEL was found by us to be the most eligible supplier within our 
requirement. That is why we have selected BHEL. It is the most 
reliable equipment supplier in the country. Being a PSU, the 
reliability is higher, the economic strength is greater, and we can 
get a surety that we will get our equipment on time. 
Vinod Chari: 
Sure. But who are the other players in the fray, sir, other than 
BHEL? 
Shersingh Khyalia: I don't think we should be discussing who are other competitors, 
because these are sort of confidential discussions related to our  
sourcing. 
Vinod Chari: 
Sure sir. Got it. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from line of Nikhil Nigania 
from AB Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
My question is on the 12.5 gigawatt pipeline. So, am I correct to 
understand the BTG orders have been placed for the entire 
quantum? And then accordingly, but do we have PPA visibility? I 
understand only for the Maharashtra contract and with Reliance 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
Industries. Other than that, then what is the plan in terms of split 
between merchant and PPA in terms of capacity? And B, have we 
achieved financial closure for this entire quantum? 
Shersingh Khyalia: We have placed the orders of BTG for the entire 11.2 gigawatts,. 
For the balance of plant also, we are in the process of putting up 
the orders. We have signed a PPA for 2 units with Maharashtra 
DISCOM,  and as I explained, many other states are going to come 
for bidding, because the country has planned to add another 80 
to 90 gigawatts by 2031. Except for NTPC and few states, for the 
time being, there is no capacity addition. So, there is a big gap in 
capacity additions. 
We hope that the states will come out with the bids, and we should 
be in a position to bid. We are very confident that we should be in 
a position to tie up this entire capacity under long-term PPAs. We 
are not envisaging these new capacities under the captive 
scheme. 
As far as the financial closure is concerned, you must have seen 
our performance and results, where we don't foresee much of 
requirement of financial closure strictly. Most of the project 
funding will be through our internal accruals, except if there would 
be some mismatches during a few years, and for that period only, 
we may require interim funding. 
Dilip Jha: 
Yes. We are not going for any project to project financial closure. 
As Khyalia sir has already explained, we have sufficient internal 
accruals. If there will be any shortage in-between for the interim 
period, we will definitely go for funding. Otherwise, our internal 
accruals are more than enough to meet the requirement. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Appreciate your response. My second related question is, I 
understand the need for states to sign baseload PPAs with coal 
plants. But given this incremental trend of solar plus 4-hour 
battery, solar plus 2-hour battery, which is coming at INR 3, INR 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
3.5, do you see any risk to the ordering so many plants without 
PPAs? 
Shersingh Khyalia: See, solar plus 2-hour battery or 4-hour battery is not going to 
address the requirement of baseload, because if you strictly want 
to provide round-the-clock power based on solar and battery, then 
you need to have 16 hours of battery storage, and even that would 
be insufficient. 
Let us say, a situation where you will have 7 days of completely 
cloudy environment, then no solar power will be available for 
charging the battery. So thermal power will not have any 
substitute. Ultimately, you need thermal power irrespective of 
whatever hours of battery you establish. So, we don't foresee that 
in near future, solar plus battery is going to provide you the 
baseload requirement. 
For baseload requirements, thermal will continue to have its 
importance, unless you get a large-scale nuclear power generation 
capacity, which is unlikely to happen considering the present 
circumstances. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Understood. Thanks for the answer. I am guessing you see the 
same challenge with solar plus pump storage as well that if cloud 
cover is there, you could have lower generation. That's why you 
think thermal/nuclear is the answer for baseload. Am I correct to 
understand that? 
Shersingh Khyalia: That's correct. Apart from that, PSP will have a limited capacity, 
maybe, let's say, 50,000 or 60,000 MW. We cannot have a 4-lakh 
MW of PSP capacityin this country. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Fair point. One last question, if I may add, that's a bit more near 
term. Section 11, do you see it continuing further, now that 
demand has softened or as you highlighted earlier, you expect 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
demand to revive and shortages again to come back in the summer 
months. Hence, you see that continuing going forward? 
Shersingh Khyalia: See, we are indifferent to Section 11, whether it is imposed or it is 
not imposed, because our power stations are not being operated 
strictly under Section 11. Our PPAs are viable. So, we are not much 
concerned about Section 11. 
Nevertheless, going forward, if the capacity available in the 
country is sufficient, and the plants other than those that are 
under Section 11 can meet the power requirement, then Section 11 
is not required. Otherwise, it is up to government of India to 
decide. As far as we are concerned, we are not affected by it. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Got it. Thanks. Those were my questions. Thanks for answering 
them.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we move on to the next question, a reminder to 
all participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may press “*” and 
1 on your touchtone telephone. We have our next question from 
the line of Bharani from Avendus Spark Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: Yes, so like my question is on the power demand growth in 
the long term. Now even in your presentation, the power demand 
growth for the country by 2032, is 390 gigawatts, assumes a high 
growth rate of 7%. But in the last few quarters, it has come down. 
And what is the confidence we have that if the existing demand 
growth of 5% continues, that the requirement for baseload thermal 
capacity will still be there, and hence, there will be incremental 
demand or PPAs that is required on the thermal side? 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
If the growth is subdued, then wouldn't the incremental capacity 
requirement on the thermal side not be there? Your views on that? 
Thanks. 
Shersingh Khyalia: This is sort of a sensitivity analysis which you seek, but since you 
have asked this question, we can go back 1 year or 2 years back 
when the projections were made based on 5% growth. At that time 
also, the requirement of thermal was projected to be 60,000 MW, 
and even at that level, we are perfectly okay, because in that 
60,000 MW bucket also, our capacity expansion of 11,000 is not 
going to make more thermal power available than the requirement 
of additional capacity. 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: Okay. This situation will get worse if there are many battery 
and pump storage projects, which are also right now under 
construction. So, my worry is whether the existing pipeline of 
projects that have been announced by both Adani, NTPC, and 
others, wouldn't that be sufficient for the next, say, 7, 8 years? 
Shersingh Khyalia: See, CEA has already prepared a resource adequacy plan for all of 
the states considering very aggressive PSP targets, very 
aggressive battery storage targets, etc. Even with those 
assumptions, the CEA has suggested tying up power capacity by 
all those states that are seeking coal from Government of India, or 
those that have sought from Coal India and got the allocation. All 
these things are already factored into in the resource adequacy 
plan prepared by CEA. Both type of scenarios are provided in that 
resource adequacy plan. If you go through that, you will see that 
the most aggressive, the conservative, the delayed scenarios, all 
type of scenarios are provided. 
The states that are planning to buy long-term power are planning 
based on most conservative scenario. So, even with the most 
conservative scenario, if that type of capacity is required, then in 
fact, we will see a much higher opportunity if even the middle 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
scenario or the most robust scenario is actually going to happen. 
In that case, the requirement of power will go much, much higher 
than what we are discussing. 
So, even in the most conservative scenario prepared by CEA, our 
capacity or the capacity being planned by all the thermal 
generators is very much required. 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: Sure. Loud and clear. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press “*” and 1 
to ask a question. We have our next question from the line of 
Bharat Shah from Ask Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Shah: 
Dilip, you mentioned earlier to some question that you will not 
need to tie up any funds for closure of any projects or it doesn't 
have to be tied down to a particular project, because of adequate 
cash availability. But I thought issue is on the other way around. 
We will have a lot of surplus cash over the period of time. Our 
current EBITDA run rate is almost about $3 billion per annum and 
pretax profit is almost $2 billion. And is our capacity target to 
reach 30 gigawatt there over 5-year time frame, I think we will 
have a lot of actually additional cash flow available over a period 
of time. 
So, the question actually to my mind is how do you propose to 
utilize the cash, which will be excess, rather than whether you will 
have cash flow need to be funded through borrowing? 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you, Bharat Bhai. I think this is one of the more important 
and interesting questions in this session. You rightly said, and I 
also mentioned earlier, that we are not going for any project-wise 
funding, and if there is an interim requirement, that we will look 
into it. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
The next interesting part, as you rightly said, sir, is that there will 
be a significant amount of surplus cash flow over time. You know 
the DNA of the Adani group, and I can assure you that this surplus 
cash flow will be utilized in a manner that it will give the best of 
the industry return in the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management of Adani Power 
Limited. Over to you, sir. 
Dilip Jha: 
Thanks a lot, friends. It was a very interactive session and looking 
forward to interact with you in the subsequent quarters as we 
continue our journey of success and growth. Thank you for your 
time and patience.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
