February 20, 2025 
To, 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip code: 540268 
To, 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip code: TRU 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended and 
in furtherance to our letter(s) dated February 10, 2025, February 13, 2025 and February 14, 
2025, we have enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on February 14, 
2025, at 12:30 p.m. (IST).  
We request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For TruCap Finance Limited 
Sonal Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Sonal 
Sharma
Digitally signed 
by Sonal Sharma 
Date: 2025.02.20 
16:11:18 +05'30'

 
 
Trucap Finance Limited 
Q3 & 9M Earnings Conference Call  
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and Nine 
Months FY25 Conference Call of Trucap Finance Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant’s lines will be in listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. 
 
Please note that this conference may contain forward-looking 
statements about the Company based on the belief, opinions and 
expectations of the management as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
Now, I would like to hand over the conference to Mr. Rohan Juneja – 
Managing Director and CEO from TruCap Finance Limited. 
Accompanying him from the management will be Mr. Sanjay Kukreja - 
Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Gaurav Bhargava - Business Head - Gold 
Loans. Thank you and over to you sir.   
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you. Welcome to everyone for our Earnings Call for the Quarter 
Ended December 2024. 
 
For the quarter we reported earnings of 12.3 million versus 12.1 
million in the previous quarter, for nine months fiscal 2025 we 
reported earnings of 38.3 million versus 58.6 million in nine months 
2024, while the last two quarters have brought on some challenges, 
including tighter market liquidity conditions and a cautious credit 
environment that has led to slower growth, we remain committed to 
our core belief of supporting underserved and under banked MSMEs, 
including clean energy led MSME businesses. While growth has slowed, 
we have seen lower slippages and higher recoveries in the December 
quarter relative to September, which is an encouraging sign that we 
hope to continue building on. 
 
Interest income of 489 million grew 65% year-over-year supported by 
AUM growth of 36% year-over-year. Quarter-over-quarter interest 
income declined by 3% due to lower disbursements, which were 2.18 
billion in the quarter versus 2.68 billion in September and 3 billion in 
the December quarter of last year. The decline was due to a more 
selective credit approach, coupled with tighter liquidity in the NBFC 
sector, while interest income declined modestly quarter-on-quarter, 
our net interest margin which was a pain point for us in fiscal 23 and 
24 has now risen for three consecutive quarters to 8.7% versus 8.2% in 
September 2024, and 6.7% in December 2023. For nine months of the 
year our NIM was 7.7% versus 4.7% in nine months for fiscal 24, which 
has resulted from a more calibrated approach adopted last year in 

doing business over a certain yield and also increasing share of 
business from our lending-as-a-service partnerships, which today 
contributes to 45% of AUM. 
 
Assets Under Management, stood at 11.5 billion, up from 8.5 billion a 
year ago, but down from 12.2 billion in September 24. 61% of our AUM 
comprises of gold loans, 33% in MSME business loans and 5% in income 
generating green energy loans which together are 38% of AUM in non-
gold loans. Going forward, majority of the growth in non-gold loans 
will be driven by secured green energy financing, with disbursements 
in the unsecured MSME portfolio continuing to decline, as we have 
seen in the last few quarters. Prioritizing disbursements in secure 
green energy financing along with digital loan processing, will drive 
sturdy disbursements and portfolio expansion while ensuring strong 
control on risk mitigation through direct tie ups with OEMs and 
dealers. 
 
Coming to specifics on product: 
The gold loan business has an active customer base of more than 
57,000 and an average ticket size of 0.13 million. The tenure of these 
loans and origination is usually 12 months, but the average maturity 
on the books is typically six to seven. Our team has disbursed more 
than 40 billion to over 322,000 borrowers over the last four years. 
Gross NPAs in the gold loan book are just over 1%. In the December 
quarter, we recovered 8 million in gold GNPA accounts, while in the 
first half of this quarter so far we have already recovered more than 
7 million in gold NPAs. We anticipate further recoveries of 10 to 15 
million by the end of this current quarter. 
 
Additionally, for gold loans taken to auction due to these loans turning 
NPA, we have recovered more than 106% of principal and interest due 
and therefore refunded excess amounts to borrowers. In MSME 
business loans, including income generating green finance loans, we 
have an active borrower base of almost 34,000 customers and an 
average ticket size of 0.11 million. Gross NPAs in this portfolio around 
33 million from the previous quarter, due to higher recoveries of 68 
million versus 9 million in September 2024. From Jan 1, until today 
we have recovered an additional 32 million which is an encouraging 
sign. Slippages were also lower at 34 million in the December quarter, 
versus 126 million in September 2024. Enhanced collection and legal 
initiatives are helping reduce slippages and increase recoveries. Also, 
our tech enabled collection module is supporting the improvement in 
collection efficiency. 
 
Gross NPAs on the entire book stood at 2.8% versus 2.6% in September 
2024. Please note that on an absolute basis, gross NPAs went up only 
2.2% but on a percentage basis, gross NPAs are higher because the 
AUM has declined from 12.2 billion to 11.5 billion in the quarter. If 
the AUM were to have stayed flat, gross NPAs would have been flat on 
a percentage basis, as well. As mentioned earlier, gross NPAs in the 
non-gold books were steady quarter-on-quarter improvement due to 
lower slippages and improved recoveries. Total slippages in the 
quarter were 83 million versus 162 million in September 2024 while 

recoveries in the quarter stood at 76 million versus 12 million in 
September 24. We are hopeful of this trend continuing with enhanced 
efforts on collections and litigation. 
 
Lastly, the debt-to-equity ratio declined to 2.6x from 2.8x in the 
previous quarter, while the capital adequacy ratio stood at 26% versus 
25.3% in September 24. With that, we now open the call for questions-
and-answers. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press “*” and “1” 
on the touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are requested 
to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we 
will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  
 
The first question is from the line of Soham Shah from KRS Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Soham Shah: 
Thank you very much for giving me this opportunity to clarify my 
queries. My first question is, that we have seen the decrease in 1.  
quarter-on-quarter, decrease in quarterly disbursement and also the 
number of branches. May, I know what is the reason for these 
decreases and what are we doing to make them stable or increase 
them in the next coming quarters? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Disbursement in AUM has been due to a tighter liquidity environment, 
which is overall for the NBFC space. In terms of branches, there's been 
some amount of consolidation with the branches just so that the AUM 
per branch would go up, and the profitability of the branch could be 
reached in much better fashion. This consolidation has happened 
largely in two geographies, which is in Madhya Pradesh and in Delhi, 
where three to four branches have been consolidated. In terms of 
what we can do going forward, obviously, one is, the liquidity 
environment has to turn more favorable, and number two is certain 
other strategic initiatives that we are working on, which hopefully we 
will be able to tell you more about by the end of this month. 
 
Soham Shah: 
Okay, understood. Are we also working on technology in disbursement 
of funds, any technology platform or is it mainly through our branches? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, we do all the disbursement, majority of the disbursements 
obviously in the gold loan business are through the branches. But the 
entire process is tech enabled. So, when a customer walks into our 
branch, the entire application process is through a tech-enabled 
process at the branches for the non-gold loan business, we have feet 
on street and along with that we also have a digital platform where 
applications are put in into the digital platform through which they 
come to the credit team, and then based on the decisioning from the 
credit team, along with a personal discussion, the money is disbursed 
to them digitally. 

Soham Shah: 
All right, understood that’s good. Also, I have noticed that the fees 
and commission income has steeply decreased to almost 1/3 and it 
has kept decreasing since the same quarter last year. So, could you 
please maybe clarify or put light on this, what is this income and why 
has it been decreased? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Yeah, sure the fees and commission income saw a big decline in the 
quarter because we had a BC relationship with Shivalik Small Finance 
Bank in the gold loan product. Unfortunately, from August that 
relationship we have to stop business given the fact that with the RBI 
guidelines in a BC relationship on gold loan, the gold had to be kept 
with the partner who is contributing the capital, which is the bank. So 
doing business on that basis where the gold had to be kept with the 
BC partner was very cumbersome. Prior to that, the gold was just kept 
in our branches, so you didn't have any income from the BC 
partnership in this quarter, and that's how it will be going forward. 
 
Soham Shah: 
Okay. And how about the promoters selling because since the past one 
and a half years, the promoter, I would say stake has reduced to 
almost half that is kind of reducing the confidence of investors in the 
company, the promoters continuously selling, any comments on that? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
I would not like to, the company would not like to comment on the 
promoter stake sale where you are running the business on a day-to-
day basis as part of management, and whatever questions you have 
on the company, happy to answer, but on promoter stake sale, 
unfortunately I would not be able to comment. 
 
Soham Shah: 
Okay. And my last question is, regarding the partners for LAAS, we 
have been having six partners according to the presentation in any 
news or any expectation of new partners adding up in the coming 
quarters? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Nothing for now. If there's something that we need to, if there is a 
certain addition, et cetera we would definitely let market participants 
know, by the way of an exchange filing, but nothing on the annual 
right now. 
 
Soham Shah: 
Okay, thank you very much for clarifying my questions and good luck. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniket Kulkarni from 
BMS PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Thank you for taking my question. So just one question, if you could 
please give us some clarity on what are your plans for a potential 
fundraising in the future, or as of now? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sure. So, a lot of things are being worked right now as we speak and 
that's the reason I said that you will hear about the strategic initiatives 
by the end of this month. We outlined it in the outcome of the Board 
meeting as well yesterday that the Board deliberated on the options 

that were put in front of the Board. So, we’re very hopeful that by 
the end of this month, there will be something definitive that we can 
disclose to all investors through an exchange filing. Obviously, we will 
have to have a Board meeting related to that, so you should hear 
about that soon. 
 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Okay, thank you so much and best of luck. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Participants who wishes to ask the question may press “*” 
and “1”. The next question is from the line of Ravi Kumar Sateja an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Ravi Kumar Sateja: Good afternoon. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Good afternoon sir. 
 
Ravi Kumar Sateja: Sir, Can you talk in Hindi? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Yes, sir please ask in Hindi. 
 
Ravi Kumar Sateja: Sir, I am your company’s shareholder. My question was, last month I 
called your company secretary to ask my query, so no one revert me 
back. So, I wanted to know is this correct treatment with an investor 
is someone is asking you a query so no one answers the call and if they 
do answer then they don’t call back? How is the company working in 
such a way, that you are not answering the investors? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sir, you can connect to our call center for your questions or also 
connect to the Company Secretary. 
 
Ravi Kumar Sateja: The Company secretary Sonal Sharma doesn’t answer calls. They give 
excuses of meeting and all, I called five to seven times. And by this 
my confidence in the company has dropped and our money has also 
dropped. After the day the Company has done private placement, the 
share has gone down and there is no clarification from your end. You 
have left the investors on their own and is this how the listed 
companies work? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sir please drop your questions via email and all will be answered. 
 
Ravi Kumar Sateja: When you guys don’t answer calls then what can I expect over emails. 
I called five times and no one answered and if this is how you will act 
then how will the investors feel? when the Company Secretary is not 
replying the investors then your company isn’t that big that you can’t 
reply back the investors. I am an old investor, with 30 years of equity 
and this is my frustration because of the behavior. We have no 
problem with the loss or profit but at least attend the investors and 
understand what their issue is. 
  
Rohan Juneja: 
Sir, there is no issue you can call me directly I will reply your answers. 
 

Ravi Kumar Sateja: Sir, when the Company Secretary is not answering my calls then how 
can I talk to you in that case. I have not seen such worst Company 
Secretary and its team in my entire life so far in my 30 years of career. 
The company don’t have time to reply back the investors. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
I am sorry on their behalf, you can please call me and I will answer all 
your questions. 
 
Ravi Kumar Sateja: I have said what I wanted to, what’s the future of the company and 
what are you’re planning as you have taken license as well, so what’s 
your planning on that? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sir, we are working as per the company’s strategic initiatives, the 
board deliberated on that yesterday and whatever has to come will 
come by end of this month. We will let you know in terms of equity 
raising, in terms of strategic initiative everything will come. On this 
call this is all I can say, the license which you are asking is corporate 
agency license and we have applied for that. We are waiting for their 
reply and accordingly we will let everyone know, but right now we 
have just applied for the corporate agency licence. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Sorry to interrupt, may we request Mr. Ravi 
Kumar to please rejoin the queue and take this questions offline. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniket Raidkar an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Aniket Raidkar: 
Good afternoon, sir, and thank you for the opportunity. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Good afternoon. 
 
Aniket Raidkar: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand the overall performance, what were 
the primary revenue and profit drivers during this period? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, the primary revenue driver was interest income. Interest income 
is derived from the loans that we make out to the customers, and that 
is from the three products that we do, which is gold loan product, the 
non-gold loan product which is the MSME business loan product, and 
the income generating three-wheeler electric vehicle e-rickshaw 
product, which is green finance. So, the revenue was about 49 crores 
in the quarter and in terms of profit, as you would have seen, we 
declared a profit of about Rs.12 million, which was up modestly 
quarter-over-quarter, but down year-over-year given the fact that 
disbursements have declined in the quarter, and the disbursement 
decline is largely been due to a tighter liquidity environment, and also 
for certain amount of noise in the MSME space. 
 
Aniket Raidkar: 
Okay, got it, and Sir, can you throw some light on our company's loan 
book growth this quarter, segment that performed? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Yeah, so the loan book growth for the December quarter, year-over-
year the gold loan book went up 27% and overall, year-over-year 
growth was 35% in the AUM, quarter-over-quarter the book declined 

by about 5% which was led by 11% decline in the gold loan book and 
8% in all the other segments decline. 
 
Aniket Raidkar: 
Okay. And sir the current loan book can you give us the composition 
in terms of the secured and unsecured loan? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Yes, sure. So, 61% of the book is backed by gold loans, 33% is in MSME 
business loans, in this 33% roughly about 14% of the 33% is backed by 
a first loss default guarantee, and then the balance 5% of the loans 
are green finance which are secured loans as well. So, 61 plus five, 
which is 66 is directly secured in the MSME business loan segment 
which is 33% of the book, roughly about 40% of that 33% is secured by 
a first loss default guarantee. 
 
Aniket Raidkar: 
Okay, got it. And sir, just one last question, current presence across 
different regions, so, what is our current presence across different 
regions so, is there any expansion plan into the tier two and tier three 
cities? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Our presence is predominantly in tier two and tier three cities. Our 
largest geography is Maharashtra, followed by Gujarat, Rajasthan, 
Madhya Pradesh, Delhi NCR and Goa. More than 85% of our branches 
are in tier two, tier three and tier four locations. We have very few 
locations in prime urban areas, in tier one cities. 
 
Aniket Raidkar: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much sir and all the best for the future. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Utkarsh from D Street 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Utkarsh: 
Hi sir, good afternoon, am I audible?  
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Hello, yes. 
 
Utkarsh: 
So sir, I just had one question, like we operate in the loan as a service 
partnerships. So can you explain the cost dynamics, how much we pay, 
how much we earn, a bit? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, the way loan lending-as-a-service program works is you tie up with 
a much larger lender and a co-lending program. They usually put in 
80% of the capital, while we as a minority capital provider put in 20%, 
but we do the entire sourcing, servicing, collection on the loan and 
the front face for the customer is us, who usually walks into our 
branches, and on the 80% capital there's a hurdle rate that is provided 
to the customer. Anything that can get charged to a customer over 
and above the hurdle rate is what we get to keep for all the collection, 
sourcing and servicing efforts that we do on the customer and on our 
20% contribution we make the entire yield that we charge the 
customer. 

Utkarsh: 
For example, if the partner is charging 12% so if you charge 13% that’s 
the only income that we are going to get? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, the income then we will get, if we can charge the customer 13% 
and we have to pay the partner 12% on the 80%, on the 80% we will 
get to keep the 1% plus on our 20% we will get to keep the entire 13% 
that we charge the customer. 
 
Utkarsh: 
And the cost incurred for collection, for like employee cost, that's in 
the 1%? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Yes, so that's a number that hypothetically you have thrown out, 
obviously the viability of the business because there's obviously a cost 
to do all those functions and to serve as the front face for the 
customer. 
 
Utkarsh: 
Can you just give a ballpark figure like, what's the average 
percentage? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, for the gold loan product it’s usually between 10% and 11%. 
 
Utkarsh: 
10% and 11%. So why not reflected in the numbers then? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sorry, it's part of the interest income and the non-interest income 
both. 
 
Utkarsh: 
Okay, and Trucap as a, if we exclude the LAAS program, so as a 
Trucap, how is it doing like how many of your branches are profitable 
or like what's their growth anything on that? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
LAAS is part of Trucap, it's not that LAAS is separate from Trucap. So 
whatever happens at Trucap LAAS is part of what we are doing at 
Trucap, whatever we do in every branch also is part of what we do 
consolidated at Trucap. So, there may be a certain branch that does 
not do lending as a service, because there may not be a product fit in 
that particular branch, or there may be a particular partner who 
doesn't want to do business in that particular region or geography. But 
there's nothing segregated that LAAS is separate and Trucap is 
separate. Everything is one entity, so whatever we are doing in LAAS 
is reflected in what Trucap is doing. 
 
Utkarsh: 
Okay, thank you. And sir, like you said to the other investors that your 
board is going to meet and like plan an initiative for further growth, 
but can you guide us like how it's going to work further? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, I can guide you on when we have something definitive. The Board 
deliberated on the options that were placed in front of us, which 
happened yesterday. Obviously, the Board needs certain time and 
certain other documents, legal framework, et cetera needs to be put 
in front of Trucap as well from the potential investors before we can 
come, before the Board can deliberate on it in definitive and then 
come to the investors with an outcome. So, our view is that, that 
should happen before the end of this month. I can only tell you more 

specifics once the Board has approved a certain decisio, and then it 
can be shared with stock exchanges. 
 
Utkarsh: 
Yes, correct. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Shah from 
Meteor Wealth. Please go ahead.  
 
Aditya Shah: 
Hello sir, I just have two broad based questions. One is that sir, where 
do you see your company for the next five years aligned with the 
industry like you say, if you can share some margins on that, it could 
be great And my second question is, in your green financing segment, 
can you share some little more details from now to the 2030, how is 
this segment going to grow, are you going to, how are you going to 
reach for the extra market cap and what margins, what revenues do 
you see in the coming time? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So that will all be part of a detailed business plan that we put out post 
the Board outcome, which like I mentioned to you, should happen 
before the end of this month. In terms of your specific on point 
number two, which is on the green finance space. In the non-gold 
portion of the book, which today is 39% of the book, the unsecured 
component has come down, while the green financing secured 
component has gone up, which today is about 5% you will continue to 
see this number go up and the unsecured component come down as a 
percentage of the incremental growth and sorry, on your first question 
in terms of where we are relative to the industry over the next five 
years, five years is a very long time. The NBFC space in itself is a fairly 
cyclical space. But needless to say, in terms of specifically you asked 
a question on margins, our net interest margin has come up to about 
8.7% in the last quarter, and it's gone up for three consecutive 
quarters. It was a big pain point for us in fiscal 23 and 24, it has now 
hopefully stabilized, and we expect the net interest margin which we 
have always said is on a sustainable basis. The net interest margin is 
usually between 7.5% to 9% is what a sustainable NIM is. 
 
Aditya Shah: 
And that can going forward you can maintain that? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
We feel we can maintain, like I said sustainable level, see quarter-to-
quarter there may be cyclicality, but sustainable level on a year-over-
year basis, usually 7.5% to 9% obviously, we would like to be between 
8% to 9% bank closer towards 8.5% to 9% but again, that depends on 
several, macro variants and not just micro initiatives undertaken by 
the company, but what we would like to maintain is between 8% to 
9%. 
 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay, sir aright. Thank you, and all the best sir. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you. 
 

Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gauri, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Gauri: 
Thank you for taking my question. My question was regarding our 
disbursement. So, you have mentioned in our presentation that they 
are lowering so, may I get any kind of quantum like at what number 
it will be because last year it was 563, if I am not wrong and this year 
how much you think it will be? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, for the first half, for the first nine months of the year, 
disbursements have been flattish relative to where disbursements 
lower for the nine months ended fiscal 2024, I cannot give you 
guidance right now as to where it would be for this current quarter, 
but in general the liquidity environment overall for NBFCs is tighter, 
which is contributing to lower disbursements for us. 
 
Gauri: 
So, it will be in the similar range if that's what I can expect? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Ma'am for the nine months, first nine months it was flat relative to 
last year. I cannot give you guidance on what it will be in this quarter. 
 
Gauri: 
Okay. And about co-lending, how much is your percentage, which is 
like of your AUM? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
45. 
 
Gauri: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Utkarsh from D Street 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Utkarsh: 
Hi, sir it’s Utkarsh again. Sir can you just define a mote with 
differentiates us from like our competitors in this space? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Ya, I think, the space is fairly competitive, it's hard to pinpoint what 
exactly someone does different from the rest, but the one area that 
we like to focus on is the service for the customer. Customer service 
experience, while it's very easy to say, it's very hard to do, and given 
the fact that we have lent to over four lakh customers over the course 
of the last six years, with an active customer base of almost 93,000 
customers, one of the things which is something that we have done 
well, I don't know whether I can call it a mote or a differentiator, but 
something that we have done well is good customer service. 
 
Utkarsh: 
All right. Thank you, sir that's all. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sana M an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
 

Sana M: 
Hello sir, good afternoon. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Good afternoon. 
 
Sana M: 
Sir my question is, what are the strategies being implemented to 
enhance brand visibility and strengthen our customer engagement? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
For us, our brand visibility and customer engagement, we truly believe 
our brand ambassadors are our team members themselves. So, we 
have several initiatives in branches where one was initiated two years 
back, where the brand ambassadors were people who performed 
really well in the branches itself. So, your employees, your team 
members, are your biggest brand builders in our mind. How they treat 
a customer and the repeat value and also the word of mouth publicity 
is the biggest brand builder for us in our mind. We have no plans right 
now to go and hire a branding expert or someone who can be a brand 
ambassador for the company. For us, we truly believe, at this point of 
time given our size and scale, and also going forward for the near 
term, the biggest brand ambassadors for us will be our people 
themselves. 
 
Sana M: 
Okay. And sir one more question, how do digital leading platform and 
fintech collaborations contribute to your business strategy? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Ma'am, we are not doing much on collaborating with digital lenders, 
that is not an area of focus for us. We are more of, obviously we are 
a physical player in the way of we have a physical presence, and we 
have a digital platform that helps our branch people largely and team 
members, et cetera, in terms of the loan application process along 
with the customer. But we are not an end-to-end digital lender that 
will disperse without a personal discussion with the borrower for any 
of the products. 
 
Sana M: 
Okay, that's it from my side. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you. 
 
Sana M: 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Jain and 
Individual Investor.  
 
As the person has placed the call on hold we will move to the next 
question, which is from the line of Prakash Sharma an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Prakash Sharma, please go ahead with your question your line is 
unmuted. Prakash Sharma, we request you to please go ahead with 
your question.  
 
As there is no response, we will move to the next question, which is 
from the line of Rohan Mehta, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 

Rohan Mehta: 
Sir, good afternoon, sir. Just a couple of queries. This loan 
management system that we are running the technology, is it 
developed in-house, or has it been outsourced, or developed from a 
third party? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
No, it’s developed by a third party, because they have the developers, 
coders, et cetera. We have a tech team that helps them with 
everything that needs to get developed in terms of modifications, 
customizations, et cetera. 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay, so we were curious whether the servers and the system lies 
within our premises, or is there any risk in terms of data privacy or 
data security, if all the technology is residing on outside servers? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
The servers, et cetera resides in our premises, so there's no risk 
related to that. It's on literally in our corporate HO over here in 
Andheri. 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Alright, okay. So the developers, per se wouldn't have any access into 
it? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
No. 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Understood. And sir the recent 40 crores that we raised, if you could 
shed some light on the utilization of that where all it has been 
utilized, how much of it has been utilized, and the plans in that 
aspect? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Which 40 crores are you talking about, are you talking about the debt? 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Through the impact investor that we raised 40 crore? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, that was in the month of December, so that gets deployed in 
lending. So that is part of a debt agreement that we have, which is 
used for onward lending to MSME borrowers. 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Got it, understood sir. And sir in our disbursement levels in the third 
quarter, what would be the average rate of gold, and what kind of 
LTV levels did we provide if you could shed some light on that? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, average LTV was about 70% and the gold levels also, gold prices 
have been going up, but it's you usually we use the average of the last 
30 days in terms of disbursement for this thing. But one of the other 
thing also is, as gold prices go higher, which we mentioned in our 
previous calls as well. We get a little nervous with disbursing larger 
amount, just given the fact that you expose yourself to the risk of gold 
prices going down and reaching the LTV. So that is something to be 
cautious about, but that is us as a company. I am sure many of the 
others do that as well, but the average LTV was about 70%. 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay, understood sir. And sir just touching upon the unit economics 
of the branch wherein we are doing gold or MSME and green financing, 
how many of our branches would have completed especially those that 

have completed more than two, three years, if you could talk about 
that a little bit, the unit economics there? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, in the branches that have usually been active for about two to two 
and a half years, the average AUM over there, and the branches north 
of about 6.5 crores. And that's when, usually when you cross about a 
4.5 to 5 crore threshold is when the branch really starts to make good 
amount, starts to make good money. Prior to that, it's largely about a 
branch breaking even. So, today we have 123 branches about 78 
branches have broken even. 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay. And our total branch count as of for the nine months would be? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
123.  
 
Rohan Mehta: 
123 right, sir. And sir in terms of talking about green financing, since 
it's been picking up quite well, what do you see as our potential 
addressable market, and what kind of growth triggers do you expect 
in green financing? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, see we are a very small player here. We are not going to chase 
market share, honestly for us to talk about market share also as a 
company, is somewhat irrelevant. Just because we are a very small 
player, the space is fairly big. Now, how big can the space becomes 
in the entire infrastructure green financing that is debatable, but it's 
a very large space, I think it's still in early stages so whether you are 
funding a retail customer, whether you funding for solar projects, 
whether you are funding for many other things within the green 
finance space, it's something that we have done over the course of 
the last 15 to 18 months, and we feel confident now on, taking it a 
step further and expanding on that space first but not getting into too 
many different verticals right now. So, we are in one vertical within 
green finance. We will continue to expand the product as we get 
bigger. But we are too small to talk about market share, or grabbing 
X percentage of market share, for us what matters the most, very 
candidly, is about how profitably we can grow in this product so that 
it can become scalable for us over a period of time. 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Fair enough, sir and all the best for on that front. Sir, just to conclude, 
fees and commission revenue if you can give some light on that since 
it's been on the decline lately? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sir you expect that to be subdued only, we don't have the BC 
relationship, which was the last contributor towards that was the BC 
relationship that we had in gold. Now we don't have that because for 
a BC relationship in gold, the gold will have to be kept with a partner 
which is very cumbersome for us to do. So, we have co-lending 
relationships in gold, but the BC relationship had got stopped from the 
previous quarter itself which is a big reason for why the decline was 
there and seen too. 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay. And are we going to expect any headwinds in the MSME credit 
environment? 

 
Rohan Juneja: 
I think, a lot has been written about headwinds in the MSME credit 
environment over the course of the last two quarters. Our view is that, 
you know, even this quarter it's not going to be, September for us 
specifically, I won't comment about the rest of the industry for us, 
September was a tough quarter for sure. December turned out to be 
a better quarter in terms of the MSME space, where you can see it's 
evident in the slippages and the recoveries number, both of them 
were much better relative to the September quarter. So, we are 
hopeful that this quarter turns out to be very similar to December, if 
not slightly better and we continue to build from there. From a macro 
standpoint, it's not that it's going to get over immediately. It's a matter 
of time, these are cyclical businesses. You go through a cyclicality 
once every four to five years, it's part and parcel of the business. 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Fair enough. Thank you so much for addressing our queries and all the 
best. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash Sharma an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Prakash Sharma: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question is, what have been 
the total borrowing done in this quarter? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
In the previous quarter, I will get back to you with the exact amount, 
I don't have the number handy in terms of how much we borrowed, 
but it was close to about, roughly it was between 60 to 70 crores. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Okay. And how much of our debt that we have raised so far is up for 
renewal in FY26/27? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
If you don't mind, I don't have that number handy as to how much is 
maturing in 26 and 27, I think it is, I’ll get you, if you can send us an 
email or you can call us directly, I will get you the exact numbers, it's 
about 210 or 212 crores which is in fiscal 26 and fiscal 27 is about 140 
odd crores. 
 
Prakash Sharma: 
Okay, sir. And sir, can you help me with the cost of funds for this 
quarter. And you know as the repo rate has dropped a bit by 25 basis 
points so what would be our cost of funds in future? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
For us there has been no impact on the repo rate decline so far, I think 
the macro environment right now at least for lenders who are lending 
to the MSME space or smaller NBFCs, I don't think much has percolated 
down to us or to some of the others, in terms of the decline of 25 basis 
points on the repo rate. 
 
Prakash Sharma: 
Okay. Okay sir, and sir my next question is regarding the green 
financing, so as I have seen that from the disbursement in this quarter, 
the share from green financing has picked up strongly. So, can you tell 

me, understanding of how business is being originated in and what is 
the potential addressable market? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So again, we are too small to talk about how much market share we 
want over there, the addressable market is fairly large for us, it's 
become 5% of AUM, but please remember that this is a business of 
scale, so it's not that suddenly in one quarter has gone to 5% we have 
been doing it for the last five quarters now, and we slowly built it up. 
So when we started in the first quarter of this business which was 
about four quarters back, we started with a monthly disbursement of 
close to about 50 to 60 lakhs, which is a fairly small number in the 
overall context of the disbursements we were doing at that point in 
time, it was less than 1%. Now that number has gone up over the last 
five quarters from 50 to 60 lakhs a month to about 8 to 9 crores, and 
one month was also 10 crores. So, we are doing it in a calibrated 
manner and it's been something that we have built over the course of 
the last 15 months. So, it's not something that just suddenly one 
quarter, we decided that we want to get into this space and we want 
to ramp up disbursements it's something that's built over a period of 
time, because you want to build that pipeline you want to build 
partnerships with the OEM, partnerships with dealers, et cetera. So 
it's a long process, going forward we expect steady growth in this 
segment, nothing that we will go all out or do something in this space, 
which will be outsized compared to what we have done in the past. 
 
Prakash Sharma: 
Okay. Sir, and what would be the growth levers around green 
financing? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
So there's a good amount of growth in the green financing space. Be 
it for, three wheeler EV rickshaws, be it for solar projects, be it for 
many of the others whether it is battery swap, battery infrastructure, 
et cetera. Like I mentioned to you, we are only in one vertical right 
now obviously there is, some thought into what we can do in other 
verticals but at this point in time, there is only one vertical that we 
are growing in, in the green finance space. 
 
Prakash Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Sir my last question is around our new to credit borrowers. 
So, our NPC borrowers have largely come out from around 28,000 
customers to about 21,000 so, it indicates like so can you help me 
understand the strategy, will it be lower risk, high value ticket 
customer or what is it? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
It’s also because the disbursement number has come down, right. So 
when you have a larger disbursement number, you have a larger count 
in terms of the number of borrowers you are funding as well. So it's 
not that our focus has moved away from not funding new to credit 
customers, but it's largely because the disbursement count has come 
down in the quarter.  
 
Prakash Sharma: 
Okay. Thank you, that’s it from my side. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you. 
 

Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comment. 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you for joining this call. We look forward to talking to everyone 
soon. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Trucap Finance Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
line. 
 
 
***************** 
