 
March 5, 2025  
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 500135 
Trading Symbol: EPL 
 
Sub. :  Transcript of the Conference Call - EPL Limited (“Company”) 
  
Ref. :  1.  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”) 
 
 
2.  ISIN: INE255A01020 
 
Sir/ Madam,  
 
In furtherance of our intimation(s) dated February 24, 2025 and February 28, 2025, we are 
enclosing herewith, the Transcript of the conference call for the Analysts/ Investors, which 
was held on February 28, 2025 (“said transcript”). 
 
The said transcript is also made available on the website of the Company i.e. at 
https://www.eplglobal.com/investors/shareholder-information/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For EPL Limited 
 
 
 
Onkar Ghangurde 
Head - Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
ONKAR DEEPAK 
GHANGURDE
Digitally signed by ONKAR 
DEEPAK GHANGURDE 
Date: 2025.03.05 13:09:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“EPL Limited 
Transaction Update Conference Call” 
February 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANAND KRIPALU – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
GLOBAL CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – EPL LIMITED 
MR. M. R. RAMASAMY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
– EPL LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK GOYAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
EPL LIMITED 
MR. ONKAR GHANGURDE – HEAD - LEGAL, COMPANY 
SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER – EPL 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK THOLIYA – SYSTEMATIX INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 
 
 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the ‘EPL Limited - Transaction Update 
Conference Call’ hosted by Systematix Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Tholiya from Systematix Institutional Equities. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Yes. Thanks, Lizan. On behalf of the Systematix Institutional Equities, I would like to welcome 
all the participants who've logged into this call to discuss the recent transaction in EPL. 
 
From the management team, we have with us Mr. Anand Kripalu, MD and Global CEO;  
Mr. M. R. Ramasamy, COO; Mr. Deepak Goyal, CFO; and Mr. Onkar Ghangurde, Head - Legal, 
Company Sectary and Compliance Officer. 
 
At the outset, I'd like to thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host the call. I 
would like to now invite Mr. Anand Kripalu to begin the proceedings of the call. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anand Kripalu: 
Thank you very much, Pratik, and hello, everyone. Welcome to this investor meeting. I really 
appreciate your time and your continued trust in EPL as we embark on an exciting new chapter. 
 
Today, I would like to talk about a significant milestone in our journey. As you are aware, 
Indorama Ventures Limited, IVL, has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a 24.9% 
minority stake in EPL from Blackstone. We are pleased to welcome Indorama as our investor. 
Indorama brings extensive global expertise in the packaging sector and have complementary 
geographic presence. 
 
IVL's business spans packaging, recycling and specialty chemicals, serving marquee customers 
across diverse global markets, including pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, and personal care. Their 
deep industry knowledge and insights will strengthen our position and open new avenues for 
growth and innovation. 
 
Importantly, Blackstone will continue as our largest shareholder and promoter, reaffirming their 
strong belief in EPL's value creation journey and also its future growth potential. Their decision 
to retain half of their stake underscores their confidence in EPL, our leadership team and the 
company's future prospects. The day-to-day operations of EPL remain unchanged. And we, as 
the leadership team, remain committed to driving growth and profitability as indeed we always 
have. But let me talk a little bit more about Indorama Ventures. Indorama Ventures is a global 
leader in sustainable packaging and chemical solutions with annual revenues of more than 
US$15 billion. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
With manufacturing operations at 117 locations across 31 countries, Indorama has a formidable 
presence in Asia Pacific, in Africa, in Europe and the Americas. The company is the world's 
number one PET producer and recycler, Americas number one non-ionic surfactant and fabric 
ingredient provider; and ASEAN's number one PET stable fiber manufacturer. Indorama 
delivered an EBITDA of $1.5 billion in 2024 and maintains a strong balance sheet with liquidity 
of $2.1 billion, ensuring significant financial resilience and growth capacity. 
 
They are rated AA- with a stable outlook from TRIS Rating 2024. Indorama's diversified 
business spans three key segments: combined PET and Packaging, Indovinya and Fibers.  
The PET business is the largest with a US$10 billion turnover. Indorama has developed a 
packaging business in the last 5 years, and this is important, it had a turnover of $0.5 billion, 
delivering 21% EBITDA. So in some ways, a similar scale to EPL's packaging business, but 
well differentiated from EPL's packaging business. Indorama has a workforce of over 26,000 
employees worldwide and have an enterprise value of $10 billion with a robust asset base. 
Indorama is ranked EcoVadis Platinum for sustainability, aligning well with EPL's own 
leadership in responsible business practices. Indorama has been following EPL for several years 
and has been impressed by our transformational journey, our leadership in sustainable 
packaging, our geographic expansion, our growing presence in the beauty and cosmetic sector 
and our consistent margin improvement. Their investment is a strong validation of EPL’s 
business fundamentals and future growth potential. 
Let me now talk about the strategic synergies and benefits for EPL that arise from this 
partnership. First, accelerated growth through geographic expansion. IVL's strong presence in 
South-East Asia and Africa perfectly complements our strength in India, China, Europe and the 
Americas. This creates significant opportunities for EPL to accelerate its geographic expansion, 
something that we have been pursuing organically over the last few years, for example, our entry 
into Brazil. For example, their regional expertise and strong presence will support our recently 
announced greenfield investment in Thailand, enabling faster market entry as well as deeper 
customer engagement.  
Number two, operational synergies and cost efficiency. Indorama's expertise in specialty 
chemicals and packaging enhances our access to high-quality raw materials and also 
procurement efficiencies. Their packaging business provides opportunities in cross-pollination 
of customers. Their scale in the polymer and packaging industries presents opportunities for 
sourcing efficiencies, further strengthening our cost competitiveness while supporting margin 
expansion. 
Third, sustainability. Indorama's EcoVadis Platinum rating and leadership in sustainable 
materials and recycling aligns with our vision to ‘Lead the Pack Sustainably. Their expertise in 
advanced materials and circular economy initiatives will accelerate our transition to next-
generation packaging solutions, reinforcing our commitment to responsible growth and industry 
leadership. 
 
 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
And fourth, innovation and product synergies. EPL's expertise in laminated tubes and Indorama's 
leadership in PET-based packaging creates opportunities for collaborative innovation. By 
leveraging our complementary strengths, we could develop new and sustainable packaging 
solutions, enhanced product offerings and better serve the evolving needs of our customers. 
Let me now talk a bit about Blackstone's continued commitment. Another crucial aspect of this 
transaction is that Blackstone remains our largest shareholder and promoter. Their decision to 
retain half of their stake is a testament to their confidence in EPL's long-term growth and value 
creation potential. 
Blackstone is fully committed to the company, the management team and all shareholders. They 
continue to believe in our business fundamentals, strategic direction and the ability to drive 
strong financial performance. Blackstone will maintain its existing majority Board 
representation and will continue to work closely with the management team to support EPL's 
next phase of growth. They are also keen to welcome Indorama as a shareholder and look 
forward to the synergies this partnership will bring to the table to accelerate EPL's growth 
prospects. 
Looking ahead, this marks a new chapter for the management team at EPL. Over the years, we 
have built a strong foundation, delivering 10 consecutive quarters of strong EBITDA growth, 
expanding into high potential markets and consistently strengthening our financial performance. 
Our ability to drive continuous margin improvement has positioned us as a leader in the 
packaging industry. 
 
Our dedication to sustainability has earned us a CDP ‘A’ rating in Climate and Water, and a 
ranking of EcoVadis Gold. Our focus on innovation to develop Platina, a 100% recyclable 
sustainable tube, now forms 31% of our overall tube sales and is rapidly ramping up. 
 
With Indorama Ventures joining as a strategic investor, combined with Blackstone's continued 
commitment as our promoter, we are well positioned to accelerate our momentum. This 
collaboration, alongside our dedicated management team, strengthens our ability to drive 
innovation, expand our global footprint and create long-term value for all stakeholders. 
 
Net-net, we see this as a win-win for EPL. As we move forward, our priorities remain 
unchanged: delivering double-digit revenue growth, EBITDA growth ahead of revenue increase, 
driving sustainability initiatives and expanding into new geographies like Brazil and Thailand, 
while enhancing our presence in high-growth segments such as beauty and cosmetics. 
 
We continue to remain focused on delivering consistent improvement on ROCE. With a strong 
foundation, the right strategic partner and the clear vision, we remain confident in our ability to 
sustain our leadership and continue delivering long-term value for all stakeholders. 
 
Thank you very much. And with that, we will open up the call for some questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Jayesh Gandhi from Harshad Gandhi Securities 
Private Limited. Please go ahead.  

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Jayesh Gandhi: 
Sir, congrats on the deal. I have two questions. First is who were the competitors that had bid 
for EPL’s stake? And what made you to choose Indorama Ventures? That is the first question. 
The second is, is Indorama Group a supplier of any raw material to EPL currently? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So as far as the second question is concerned, Indorama is not a supplier to any of our ingredients, 
okay? Now as far as who were the other bidders and our decision to go with Indorama, I'm not 
going to really comment on that because this is a transaction between shareholders. What I can 
tell you is that there were other bidders. 
 
And importantly, my understanding is that Blackstone was looking for a strategic investor who 
would have a long-term interest in the development of EPL in the packaging sector. And that's 
the core reason why the deal was done with Indorama. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tanay from Investec. Please go ahead.  
Tanay: 
I just wanted to understand what's the time line like for the completion of this transaction? 
Anand Kripalu: 
I mean the time line will really be dependent on the regulatory requirements that are there before 
we get the full approval, right, from the various regulatory authorities in India at a couple of 
overseas markets. Our sense is that it could take a couple of months, but probably 3 months at 
the outsight. That's the best estimate we have really. 
Tanay: 
Got it. Thank you. That’s all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Just one question, sir. I just wanted to check, so if you look at Indorama's business, they don't 
have a significant business in India. And so does EPL then become the vehicle for their product 
categories also in India? And how can that -- how does that play out going forward? Or is that 
too forward a thought process? 
Anand Kripalu: 
No, I think we're getting ahead of ourselves. There is no such plan of that kind. EPL will remain 
an independent company. There are no conversations about any products of Indorama being 
distributed or sold through EPL at all. At this point in time, they are a strategic investor, and 
they will come on to the board once the regulatory approvals happen. And our job as a 
management of EPL is to leverage the know-how and on-ground capability of Indorama across 
different markets and really leverage that for EPL's accelerated growth and performance. So that 
is really the framework of the arrangement at this point in time. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And apart from that, is there any cost-led benefits also, given that we have a global 
footprint? So for example, say, you have a Thailand opportunity, and obviously, they're a very 
large player in Thailand. Apart from the reach -- is it also -- is there a cost capex, any of such 
kind of benefits that will come in with Indorama already being there as a partner? I'm just trying 
to think of other benefits. 
Anand Kripalu: 
Yes. So accelerating our geographic expansion, clearly, there is a benefit of synergy in terms of 
know-how and on-ground understanding, okay, particularly when you're entering a new country. 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
On cost, I've actually called out in my opening comments that there could be opportunities, 
particularly in terms of sourcing and getting some negotiations done, getting to the right 
suppliers for certain products for our manufacturing and so on.  
And some of these things, we will start scoping out as quickly as possible, but really, once 
Indorama actually formally comes on to the Board, right? But in terms of geographic expansion, 
that's something where we are going to start taking help from them almost right away. 
Harit Kapoor: 
 
Got it. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kashyap Javeri from Emkay Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Yes. Thank you so much. Two questions from my side. You mentioned that once the agreements 
are concluded and... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Mr. Javeri. We are not able to hear you clearly. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
I have two questions. One, you mentioned that once the relevant agreements are concluded and 
the relevant permissions from the authorities also come in, they will have some Board 
representation also. So once the deal is concluded, does the share purchase agreement also talk 
about what could be the Board composition eventually? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So I'll tell you how it's currently envisaged. So like I said earlier, Indorama gets 1 Board seat. 
Currently, our Board comprises 8 Directors, 4 of them are Blackstone nominees. There is me as 
the Managing Director of the company, and then there are 3 Independent Directors. So currently, 
we have 8. 
The current plan is that all these 8 continue. So the 4 Blackstone Directors, me and the 3 
Independent Directors, and there is provision for a ninth Board seat, and that goes to Indorama, 
okay? And then they will accordingly nominate a person to take that Board seat. And therefore, 
it will be a construct of 9 Board positions. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Okay. And second question is, again, on the share purchase agreement, does it have any call put 
option from the either side or as of now it's restricted to the 25.85 or the numbers which has been 
part of the share purchase agreement today? 
Anand Kripalu: 
Yes, I'm requesting Deepak to just answer that for you. 
Deepak Goyal: 
So the current agreement is only about the 24.9% share sale and there is no further call or put 
option or ROFR, which is right of first refusal. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
From either side? 
Deepak Goyal: 
From either side. Yes. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you so much. That’s it from my side. 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Kanodia from Monarch Networth 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Good evening sir. Am I audible? 
Management: 
Yes. Good evening.  
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Sir, first of all, congratulations on this strategic transaction. Sir, my first question on the Board 
provision has been answered. So my next questions are number one with Indorama coming in, 
what are Board envisage that you will -- like in a year or so like on an immediate basis, you will 
get into diversification into that geographies, number one? 
And the second question is with Indorama coming in, are we envisaging anything on the PET-
based products or we will continue to have the teams which are based on HDP and LDP? 
Anand Kripalu: 
Unfortunately, your voice is not coming through very clearly. But I think I've got a hang of your 
second question and then we'll come back to your first one, again, request you to repeat it. On 
the second one is, there is no shift in our planned product portfolio from what we do today and 
what we do, in other words, essentially, our vision strategy and strategic priorities remain pretty 
much the same.  
We aim to use the knowledge that Indorama brings to the table to accelerate the journey along 
the same lines of our existing strategy. So it's about acceleration rather than a new strategy of 
any kind. Now if you can repeat your first question. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
So my first question was, like you mentioned in your opening remarks, there will be some 
geographical diversifications with Indorama coming in. So just wanted to check with you, is 
there any -- like have they identified any geographies which we will be doing on an immediate 
basis in a year-or-so? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So I can't answer that question fully at this point in time because we are at scoping stage. 
However, what we have done is announced our entry into Thailand, and we aim to leverage 
Indorama's knowledge on the ground. They're headquartered in Thailand to help us to really 
accelerate our presence there, get started and also help with introductions to deepen our customer 
engagement over there. 
So Thailand is very clearly a case in point where we aim to get off the ground even faster than 
we would have been able to do on our own. All I can tell you is that there are many other 
geographic synergy possibilities. For example, in Africa, and I'm not specifying the country, but 
Africa is largely -- Sub-Saharan Africa is largely a virgin market for EPL. So it's a massive 
market. 
Clearly, we are going to look at opportunities to plant an EPL flag in Sub-Saharan Africa. When 
I look at Southeast Asia itself, apart from Thailand there are many other large markets in 
Southeast Asia and generally, those are robust economies. We will be exploring possibility for 
extension of planting an EPL flag in countries beyond Thailand as well. But this is at a very high 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
level of scoping. Suffice to say that across these markets, at least, there would be opportunities 
in terms of geographic acceleration. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay, sir. Understood. Thanks for answering those questions and all the best for your future and 
business.  
Anand Kripalu: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please go 
ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my questions. Firstly, just wanted a clarification on the Board control. 
I heard in some of the earlier interviews that you said that the control of the Board will remain 
with Blackstone. But my understanding is that they will have 4 Board members out of 9. So the 
control is not with Blackstone. So just wanted you to clarify on this part. 
Anand Kripalu: 
Well, see, Blackstone is the largest significant shareholder and they are the promoter of the 
Company, right? They will have 4 Board seats, like I said, through our direct Blackstone 
nominees and then 4 others, like I said, me and 3 other independents, right? And 1 is with 
Indorama. So if you think about it the way we were running pretty much now, I don't expect any 
significant shifts in decision-making. And I suppose your question is what happens if the 
decision gets put to vote, right? Is that your real question? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes. I mean if they don't have majority in the Board, right? 
Anand Kripalu: 
Yes. But I'm just saying that -- well, hypothetically, yes. But the reality is any decision in the 3 
years that I've been here, which we have had to put to vote, right, there has been 100% alignment 
in all decision-making. And it's unlikely that there's going to be a major shift, particularly with 
the independent directors and so on, given that our strategy is fully owned by the Board of the 
Company. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, I understand that, sir. I just wanted -- I mean, am I reading it wrong because that's all I was 
trying to clarify. And it's very clear, thanks for this. Secondly, what I understand amount clear 
synergies from the transaction is you get clientele or you may get clientele access in beauty and 
cosmetics and entry in Thailand and Africa, that seems to be very clear. The other thing that you 
mentioned on procurement, sourcing, sustainability, etc., those seem to be more like may or may 
not happen and can be explored, is this understanding correct? 
Anand Kripalu: 
Well, the point is this, which is at a high level, there are bound to be synergies on the cost side. 
But you're right at a micro level, these are still being teased out. As you'd imagine, we only 
announced the deal on Monday. And therefore, these are things that will be scoped out. And like 
I said earlier, will take probably a more concrete form when Indorama firmly get inducted on to 
the Board and when the stake sale is approved. 
Deepak Goyal: 
But Anand, if I could just add here. The way, Sameer, we look at the deal is that we are getting 
a very, very large packaging -- global packaging company as our investor, right? They have 
global expertise, they are strong in multiple geographies, etc. And hence, from EPL's point of 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
view, it will benefit us in our geographical expansion, cost synergies, etc., that is bound to 
happen, right? 
So timing aside, and we will accelerate it as much as possible, but the deal is positive from EPL's 
skill sets point of view. We are getting much better skill sets, much higher global penetration as 
a representation on our cap table. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. One last question, if I may squeeze in. What is the salience or revenue contribution for 
Indorama from Africa? 
Deepak Goyal: 
I know that they are very large in Africa. There have been in countries like Nigeria and all for a 
long time. I don't have a number on their Africa revenue mix as of now, but they are fairly large 
in that continent. 
Anand Kripalu: 
So they're definitely large, but maybe if you send us a mail or something, we will see if that 
information is available. We will reach out and try and get that information to you, but we don't 
have the numbers off hand right now. 
Sameer Gupta: 
No worries, no worries. I'll try to find it out myself. No worries. That's all for me. 
Anand Kripalu: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishab Bothra from Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers. 
Rishab Bothra: 
Yes, I wanted to understand 2, 3 things. Firstly, will Indorama be also categorized as promoter? 
Anand Kripalu: 
No. 
Rishab Bothra: 
Secondly, by when will the Blackstone second tranche of sale happen, if at all? 
Anand Kripalu: 
There is no plan for the foreseeable future. Blackstone's decision to retain half their stake is 
because they see significant value creation opportunity and a strong future ahead for EPL. So 
there is no immediate plan for that for the foreseeable future. 
Rishab Bothra: 
But nothing has been mentioned in the share purchase agreement on this front? Or is there 
something? 
Anand Kripalu: 
No, nothing of this kind. 
Rishab Bothra: 
Okay. And by when will the open offer trigger? I mean, it's more than 15% stake acquisition by 
Indorama, correct? 
Deepak Goyal: 
The open offer gets triggered only after -- beyond 25% and also when the investor is taking, let's 
say, control or becoming a promoter, etc. None of that is happening. Indorama is a strategic 
financial investor with only 1 Board seat. They are not going to, let's say -- they are not taking a 
controlling stake in the company and hence, no open offer is getting triggered. 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Rishab Bothra: 
Got it. And last question, if some quantification can be there for revenue maximization and cost 
minimization with this from what will... 
Deepak Goyal: 
I think right now we are, let's say, a bit early in that stage. All we can say is that this deal, an 
introduction of Indorama on our cap table is positive for the company. Now once all the 
regulatory approvals happen, they come on the board and they formally become our investor 
that's when the scoping really can pick up speed. And after that, we will be happy to come back 
and confirm those numbers. 
Rishab Bothra: 
Last, can Indorama also exit business because you mentioned that they have just come as a 
financial partner? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Sorry, so what is your question? 
Rishab Bothra: 
So can Indorama also exit at a given point of time, let's say, in medium to long term as well? 
Because you mentioned they have come as a financial partner? 
Deepak Goyal: 
So from transaction possibility point of view, can it happen? Is it possible? But Indorama is a 
large packaging company. They have been very impressed with EPL. They have been very, very 
interested in this business for a long time. Even in 2019, when the earlier transaction happened, 
they were looking at the business and they placed a formal bid, right? 
 
So they have seen this business, have been interested in it for a long, long time. Now they have 
got a stake as a strategic investment. I think whenever a strategic investor comes into the 
company, they come in for the long haul, right? And not for a short -- they are not looking at it 
as a financial investment. They are looking at it as a strategic partnership of sort, right? And 
those run for long term. So my assessment is that now this stake is off the table, right? So yes. 
Rishab Bothra: 
No. You mentioned in one of the remarks as financial investors, then that is why this question 
came up. And lastly, are we dealing with Indorama and any manner, raw material or finished 
goods purchases as of now? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Sorry, again, I missed the question. Your voice is not too clear. Can you repeat, please? 
Rishab Bothra: 
Are we dealing with Indorama as of now in any sort of either finished goods purchases or raw 
material purchases? 
Deepak Goyal: 
So we do not have any transactions with Indorama as of today. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
So with Indorama headquarter all listed in Thailand, we'll likely get maximum support in that 
country. Now that we have them as investors, is it fair to assume a reasonably large entry in 
Thailand, since you scale up far quicker with them on board? 
Anand Kripalu: 
Well, I think what we are clear about is that there will be an acceleration of our startup in 
Thailand. The way we normally approach our business is that the vision is large, but the idea is 
to act fast and get started and then expand as your customer base expands because normally what 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
we do is to have the basic facilities with adequate space for expansion and then invest in new 
lines as and when the customer base goes up and orders come. 
 
Now if we, with Indorama's support on Thailand, are able to get a customer list that's growing 
at a faster rate and volumes growing at a faster rate, we will expand at a faster rate. So that's the 
way I think you could think about it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik 
Tholiya for his closing comments. Mr. Pratik, please proceed with your closing comments. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Yes. Thanks, Lizan. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, I would like to once again 
thank all the participants for logging into this call and thanks for the management for taking all 
the questions very candidly. Sir, would you like to make any closing comments? 
Anand Kripalu: 
No. Thank you, Pratik, and thank you to everybody for your time and your continued support to 
EPL. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Thank you so much, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Anand Kripalu: 
Okay. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Systematix 
Institutional Equities, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
