Scrip Code: BANKINDIA 
Scrip Code: 532149 
The Vice President - Listing 
Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai 400 051. 
The Vice-President - Listing 
Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
25, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
aftw tfittir no! 'lir 
Bank of India EP 
*T. Ref. No.:HO:IRC:RKP:2024-25:450 	
ft9tW Date: 31.01.2025 
Sub: Unaudited (Reviewed) Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated) for the 3rd Quarter ended 31.12.2024 - Earnings 
Conference Call with Analysts/ Investors - Transcript.  
With reference to above and pursuant to the applicable provisions of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, we herewith enclose the transcript of post results Earnings 
Conference Call with Analysts for the 3rd Quarter ended December 31st, 2024 held on 
24.01.2025. 
The transcript of 3rd Quarter ended December 31st, 2024 earnings Conference 
Call is uploaded on Bank's website and the same can be accessed through below link 
https://bankofindia.co.in/analvst-conference-call-transcript 
This is for your information and records. 
1-1-dtti Yours faithfully, 
H. 
Mow itdu Ir11" 
bailor Retatiortb, 
Dept  --(1Rajesh V Upadhya) 
.4)441 \Lag Company Secretary 
End: As above. 
Classification: Public 
VV-119. 	
fad-dc, Tktf 	
*tii 7-JR:I.- 1, afrat 	
R11-5, 	
-DA 	
400 051 
Head Office: Investor Relations Cell, Star House - I, 8th Floor, C-5, G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Ph.: (022) 6668 4490: Fax: (022) 6668 4491 Email: headoffice.share@bankofindia.co.in  
Digitally signed by: RAJESH 
VENKATARAJ UPADHYA
DN: CN = RAJESH VENKATARAJ 
UPADHYA C = IN O = AADPU0825G 
OU = DGM AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY
Date: 2025.01.31 15:22:17 +06'30'
RAJESH 
VENKATA
RAJ 
UPADHYA

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
“Bank of India 
Q3 FY’25 Earnings Call” 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Team Represented by 
 
 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, Managing Director & CEO 
Shri M Karthikeyan, Executive Director 
Shri Subrat Kumar, Executive Director 
Shri Rajiv Mishra, Executive Director 
 
 
 
 
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator 
 
Ladies and gentlemen,  
Good evening and welcome to BANK OF INDIA Q3 FY25 Virtual Analyst Meet.  I would 
like to thank you all for taking out time and joining us today. 
We have with us Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO, Shri M. Karthikeyan, Executive 
Director, Shri Subrat Kumar, Executive Director, Shri Rajiv Mishra and other Top 
Management team from Bank of India. 
We have placed all microphones on mute. At the end, during the Q&A session, we will 
be sending you a request to unmute yourself in order to ask questions. I will take you 
through this process before the Q&A Session. However, the management will continue 
to remain unmuted throughout the session.  I would now request Shri Rajneesh 
Karnatak  to address the gathering. Thank you & over to you, Sir. 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Good evening to all the dignitaries present here, ladies and gentlemen present today 
in the Analysts' Meet.  It is my pleasure to welcome you all for today’s interaction post-
publication of the financial results of the Bank for Q3 of FY25.  
In the present geopolitical landscape characterized by uncertainty and volatility, India’s 
GDP growth estimates for FY’25 is at around 6.50%.  It is the highest among both 
advanced economies and emerging markets. The visible demand rebound & revival 
in public Capex on infrastructure will have multiplier effects, stimulating growth in key 
sectors. There has been visible upturn in economic indicators signalling sustained 
growth path ahead. 
 
The key focus area of our Bank will be enhancing customer experience through all 
channels and acquisition of new customers consistently by providing innovative niche 
services. This will lead to fortification of low-cost deposits i.e. CASA and Retail Term 
Deposits for sustainable credit growth.  
 
My speech today has 4 parts for coverage. 
 
Part 1 is on New Initiatives. 
 
1. New home loan product “Star Samriddhi Home Loan” scheme, designed for 
employees of Central/State Government, PSU, Large Corporates and MNCs 
has been launched. 
 
2. Bank has adopted a 2-Year Roadmap under Champion Sector Priorities of 
MSME targeting business in Tourism, Hospitality and Logistics. 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 3 of 23 
 
 
3. Utilizing Market Intelligence and analytics driven strategy for development of 
MSME Cluster Based Finance. 
 
4. Introduction of new Kisan Drone Scheme – Akashdoot : Loan up to Rs.25.00 
Lakh for purchase of new drones with equipment and accessories for 
agriculture usage. 
 
5. Automation/simplification of Re- KYC via BC channel applicable to low-risk 
customers having valid OVDs. 
 
 
2nd Part is with respect to IT & Cyber Security. 
 
1. As part of project NexTech, Bank has opened a 24x7 Resiliency Operating 
Centre (ROC) for quick response and recovery from disruptions of Bank’s 
applications including CBS, E-platform, Mobile Banking App. etc. due to natural 
disaster, system outages, cyber-attacks etc. 
 
2. Procurement of Cyber Solutions for Proactive Management with focus on 
detection and containment of cyber risk. 
 
3. Enhancement of Universal Application API Gateway for open Banking. 
 
4. Implementation of Customer Feedback through QR Code displayed at 
branches, for improving service quality. 
      
3rd Part is with respect to Business 
 
Global business has increased by 13.62% YoY from Rs. 12.72 lakh Cr in Dec’23 to 
Rs. 14.46 lakh Cr in Dec’24 with incremental growth of Rs.1.73 lakh  Cr. 
 
Global Gross Advances increased by 15.30% YoY from Rs. 5.65 lakh Cr in Dec’23 to 
Rs. 6.51 lakh Cr in Dec’24 with incremental growth of more than Rs.86,000 Cr. 
 
Global Total Deposit increased by 12.29% YoY from Rs. 7,07,000 Cr in Dec’23 to 
Rs.7,94,000 Cr in Dec’24 with incremental growth of more than Rs.86,000 Cr. 
 
Domestic Deposits increased by 13.26% on a YoY basis from Rs.5,99,000 Cr in 
Dec’23 to Rs.6,78,000 Cr in Dec’24 with incremental growth of more than Rs.79,000 
Cr.  
 
CASA has increased by 6.07% on YoY basis from Rs.2,61,000 Cr in Dec’23 to 
Rs.2,77,000 Cr in Dec’24 with incremental growth of Rs.15,855 Cr and a healthy CASA 
ratio of 41.05%. 
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 4 of 23 
 
Domestic Gross Advances increased by 15.00% YoY from Rs.4,75,000 Cr in Dec’23 
to Rs.5,46,000 Cr in Dec’24 with incremental growth of more than Rs.71,000 Cr. 
Sequentially, it has grown by more than Rs.25,000 Cr at a sequential growth of 4.92%. 
 
RAM advances have increased by 18.96% on YoY basis  from Rs.2,62,000 Cr in 
Dec’23 to Rs.3,12,000 Cr in Dec’24 with incremental growth of more than Rs.49,000 
Cr and with RAM advances contributing 57% of total domestic advances. 
 
 
4th Part is with respect to Profitability & Asset Quality. 
 
Operating Profit for Q3FY25 stands at Rs.3,703 Cr witnessing a YoY growth of 23%. 
 
Net Profit for Q3FY25 stands at Rs.2,517 Cr witnessing a YoY growth of 35% and for 
9M DEC’24 stands at Rs.6,593 Cr with YoY growth of 35%. 
 
Global NIM stood at 2.80% for Q3FY25 and 2.90% for 9M Dec’24.  
 
As regards Interest Income for Q3FY25 stands at Rs.18,211 Cr witnessing a YoY 
growth of 20% and for 9M Dec’24 stands at Rs.52,000 Cr plus with YoY growth of 
18%. 
 
Non-Interest Income for Q3FY25 stands at Rs.1,746 Cr witnessing a YoY growth of 
46% and for 9M Dec’24 stands at Rs.5,566 Cr with YoY growth of 28%. 
 
There has been improvement in asset quality with reduction in both Gross NPA ratio 
and Net NPA ratio. Gross NPA ratio is at 3.69% and has improved by 166 bps YoY. Net 
NPA ratio at 0.85% only and has improved by 56 bps on a YoY basis.   
 
There is significant improvement in Slippage Ratio at 0.19% and as regards Credit 
Cost, it is at 0.39%. 
 
Considering the positive outlook as stated earlier, domestic credit growth will be 
around 14-15% and domestic deposit growth is projected at around 13-14% for FY25. 
The major thrust will be on increasing high yielding advances, CASA mobilization & 
Retail Term Deposit for improving margins by leveraging technology. Apart from the 
above, we shall work on reducing SMA and fresh slippages. Our priority will also be to 
strengthen the bottom line by improving efficiency parameters, intensifying recovery 
measures and expanding our market share. Moreover, ensuring robust risk 
management, corporate governance and compliance culture in the bank will remain 
the guiding force of the Top Management. 
 
I would like to thank you all for your continued support. The floor is now open for 
discussion and Q & A.  Thank you. 
 
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Moderator:  
 
Thank you, Sir. We would now like to open the Analyst Meet for Questions & Answers. 
You will notice a small icon on your screen – a hand sign – once you press this, it will 
alert us that you would like to ask a Question. We will go around one by one. The 
Analyst asking the question will be unmuted, you will get a notification on your screen 
to unmute yourself.  Kindly click on unmute and identify yourself before asking the 
question. Each participant will be allowed to ask two questions.  If they have more 
questions, they are requested to join the queue again. 
 
As soon as someone presses a hand sign to ask a question, we will take this ahead. 
The first call is from Mr. Nitin Dharmawat from Aurum Capital. Sir, kindly unmute 
yourself and proceed. 
 
Mr. Nitin Dharmawat, Aurum Capital 
 
This is Nitin Dharmawat from Auram Capital. A couple of questions. In personal loans, 
the category has gone up by 42% growth and it is the highest growth amongst the 
retail loans.  It is still small in size compared to overall book. But do we see any risk 
here as it grows further?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
On personal loan side, as you have observed that Rs.12,394 crores are outstanding 
in the personal loan book and the growth is YoY 42.49%. See this growth of 42% is 
also because of the low base which is there. That is the reason why this figure of YoY 
growth is coming. 
 
However, to give you some colour on our personal loan book. This also includes the 
Rs.500 crore plus of the Credit Card book which we hold in Bank of India. Other thing 
is that our personal loan book of Rs.12,394 crores is only 1.89% of the global loan 
book. So it is less than 2%. As regards within the retail book of the bank which is at 
Rs.1,27,000 crores as on December, the personal loan book component is only 9% of 
it. And within the personal loan book, to clarify, we have put in a lot of guardrails as 
regards the sanctions and credit underwriting is concerned. 
 
Here we have taken a CIC score of 700 plus. Our total personal loan book has salaried 
customers of nearly 65% of the book and remaining 35% are the self-employed and 
others. And within the salaried class, majority of the customers are having salary 
account with Bank of India.  So we have clear visibility as far as the cash flows of these 
borrowers are concerned. Apart from that, we have also given personal loan under a 
scheme where the borrower has taken housing loan from us. And as a top-up, we have 
given the personal loan also. 
 
There also we have clear visibility and mortgage also available as far as the housing 
loan is concerned. To give you something more information about the personal loan 
book, the stress in the personal loan book as regards SMA-1, SMA-2, and the NPA is 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 6 of 23 
 
only about Rs.600 crores of this total outstanding of around Rs.12,000 crores, which 
is around 5% of the total personal loan book.  
 
Mr. Nitin Dharmawat, Aurum Capital 
 
Got it, Sir. My next question is, there is a lot of talk about slowdown, growth issues, 
stress in some of the pockets of the banking and financial sector. Do you experience 
that as well along with any risk or we are able to find good opportunities as visible from 
our Q3 results?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
If you see our Q3 results, our growth has been in double digits on all the segments. If 
you see our overall business growth, it has been in double digits.  If you see our credit 
growth and deposit growth, whether it is domestic deposit or whether it is global 
deposit, it is in the double digits. So global deposits have grown for us by 12.29%, 
global advances have grown by 15.30%, and total global business has grown for us 
by 13.62%. So, as far as Bank of India is concerned, we find no challenge as far as 
the growth numbers are concerned. As I said in my opening speech also, for us, we 
are projecting a guidance of credit growth of around 14% to 15% for the Bank and 
deposit growth of 13% to 14%. 
 
As on date, if I give you the credit pipeline which we have, we have nearly Rs.70,000 
crores of credit pipeline, out of which nearly Rs.60,000 crores is in the corporate book, 
both domestic and international, and another Rs.10,000 crores of the pipeline is in the 
RAM book. So Rs.70,000 crores plus is the pipeline with us, which is more than 10% 
of the global advances of the bank. So that is the kind of credit growth which we are 
seeing.  So we do not see any challenge happening on that front for us.  
 
Mr. Nitin Dharmawat, Aurum Capital 
 
Got it, Sir. And my next question is, why Cost to Income ratio is going up and where it 
is likely to stabilize?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Yeah, Cost to Income ratio has definitely gone up in this quarter.  And 51 point 
something is the Cost to Income ratio. But in the 12 month number, when you will see, 
this will get moderated for the Bank.  
 
Mr. Nitin Dharmawat, Aurum Capital 
 
Got it, Sir.  And my final question is, you mentioned that infra growth is visible. Can 
you please elaborate more on this, as we hear that it is still missing in the economy?  
 
 
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 7 of 23 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
So, as far as the infra book is concerned for us, we are seeing a lot of transactions in 
the infra side also happening. So we are sanctioning accounts in road sector, which is 
predominantly HAM segment and also in ports. Apart from that, in power sector, 
renewable energy also we are seeing traction where disbursements are taking place, 
both in the solar and also in the wind side. Apart from that, there are other segments 
of the infra sector also which we are seeing some traction coming. And even in thermal 
energy, we are seeing some refinance transactions which are happening, wherein the 
present COD is there, cash flows have already come. 
 
And if the rate of interest is high, that borrower is coming to our Bank for reduction in 
the rate of interest. So there also we are seeing some traction. So infra book also we 
are seeing certain tractions as far as our sanctions and disbursements are concerned. 
 
Mr. Nitin Dharmawat, Aurum Capital 
 
Perfect, Sir. Thank you so much and wishing you all the best. Thank you for the 
opportunity. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, Nitinji.  Sir, next question we received in the chat from Mr. Narendra. His 
question is, what is the longer term guidance on credit cost and Cost to Income?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
As regards credit cost is concerned, see our credit cost for this quarter has come down 
to 0.39%, which was as high as 0.97% in the Q2 of this financial year.  As regards the 
guidance for the full year is concerned, we are giving a guidance of 0.70% for FY25 
on the credit cost, which remains to be the same guidance which we had given in the 
last quarter. As regards Cost to Income ratio is concerned, there also we are expecting 
that our guidance is at around 51%. So we would be able to maintain a Cost to Income 
ratio of around 51%, even though there has been increase in this quarter at 52.63%. 
However, the nine-month number if you see for us is only 51.76% and the last quarter 
it was 51.22%. So we would be, as from the Management side, we would be liking to 
get it controlled and remain at a level of around 51% for FY25. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, Sir. So the next question is from the line of Ms. Aditi Nawal from RSA and 
Ventures. Ma'am, you may unmute yourself and proceed. 
 
Ms. Aditi Nawal, RSA & Ventures 
 
Hi, Sir. Thanks for taking my question. I just had a few questions. So, in the last quarter, 
you had mentioned that there were certain corporate loans that you had not renewed 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 8 of 23 
 
the corporate book, I think around Rs.18,000 to Rs.19,000 crores. And looking at the 
sequential growth in the corporate book, there seems to be a good growth in the book. 
 
So my question was, how is that NIM compression that had come owing to this 
degrowth in the corporate book not reversed in this quarter? That is one. And second 
is, Sir, you had also budgeted IT, for tech expenses of around Rs.2,100 crores for the 
entire year, and of which, one half you had done about Rs.700 odd crores. So are we 
in line to attaining that budgeted expense of Rs.2,100 crores?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
First question was regarding the corporate credit growth of the bank, right?  If you see 
our slide also, our corporate credit number was Rs.2,12,000 crores as on December 
23. It has now touched Rs.2,34,000 crores as on December 24.  And there has been 
a YoY growth of more than 10%. So that is the one part. The other thing is that, as I 
said earlier, also,  we have a very healthy pipeline as far as the corporate credit growth 
is concerned. 
 
So credit pipeline in corporate is around Rs.60,000 crores, and which is nearly 10% of 
the global credit which we have. And if you see within the corporate credit book, which 
is nearly 25% of the credit book which we have. So that is the kind of number we are 
having. 
 
And we have traction in all kinds of segments and sectors, not only infrastructure, but 
also in the new age segments and sectors like solar and PV modules. There also, we 
are giving sanctions. We are giving sanctions in ethanol also.  We are giving sanctions 
in warehousing also. Apart from that, there are certain proposals and sanctions which 
have happened for data center funding, and also for the automobile segment. Not to 
speak of the traditional sectors like steel, textile, pharma, and other kinds of things, 
mining and oil. 
 
There also, we have given sanctions. So, all in all, we do not see any challenge as far 
as Bank of India is concerned with respect to the corporate credit growth is concerned.  
 
Ms. Aditi Nawal, RSA & Ventures 
 
Sir, my question in terms of the corporate book was, so in the last quarter, there was 
some subdued interest income owing to the corporate book being very flattish or not 
growing as much. So if that corporate book has sequentially grown in Q3, then ideally 
that interest or the NII should have favourably gotten impacted by that.  That is my 
question.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Correct, correct. It is essentially on the interest income.  Yeah, if you see our ratios 
and the presentation also, you will see that there has been improvement in the overall 
interest income of the Bank. So last quarter, what had happened that we had left some 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 9 of 23 
 
of the transactions which were at very fine rate. So that kind of situation is not there 
as far as this quarter is concerned.  In fact, if you see our yield on advances, they have 
improved from 8.45% in the month of September 24 to 8.55% in the month of 
December 24. And our cost of deposit has gone up by only one basis point from 4.95% 
to 4.96%. The gap between the two now is 3.59%, a very healthy number, as against 
the gap of 3.50% in the last quarter. In fact, we have been able to reverse this trend in 
this quarter by having better corporate advances which are on MCLR and better rates. 
 
And in fact, if you see our website and other things also, we have increased our MCLR, 
one-year MCLR also. Now, our present one-year MCLR is 9.05%. And when the last 
time the Repo increase was made by RBI was in month of January 2023, when they 
had increased the Repo from 6.25% to 6.50%. That time our MCLR was 8.40%. And 
today as we speak, our MCLR has gone up by 65 basis points.  So we have done the 
transmission of rate of interest also on the MCLR side, which is now helping us to 
improve our interest income and obviously, at the end of the day, the net interest 
income.  
 
Ms. Aditi Nawal, RSA & Ventures 
 
Got it, Sir. So again, just one, just sorry for hopping on that, but that NIM dropped from 
2.82% to 2.80% this quarter.  So is it owing to the penal charges going from interest 
income to other income or is it some other factor?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
One of the reason is the penal charges also, but otherwise, if you see our global NIM 
has come down from 2.82% to marginally two basis point less at 2.80%. Another 
important thing in our balance sheet, Bank of India balance sheet, which is not there 
in other banks is that 15% of our book is international book, where the margins are 
even lower. So that is also contributing to a lower NIM. However, overall, we are very 
confident. If you see our nine month NIM is 2.90%. But this quarter, it has come down 
to 2.80%. But nonetheless, if you see other Bank results, our NIMs are at par with 
what the industry is doing. 
 
Ms. Aditi Nawal, RSA & Ventures 
 
Understood, Sir. So second was a little data keeping question. So again, going back 
to last quarter, you had mentioned that IT expenses, you've been budgeting around 
Rs.2,100 crores for the entire year.  And until first half, you've done about Rs.700 odd 
crores. So are we on track of meeting that budget of Rs.2,100 crores? Or is there any 
revision in the estimates in the budget?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
No, we have not changed the guidance in the OPEX and CAPEX, both on the IT sector 
segment.  We have kept that book at around Rs.2,000 crore expenditure. Last year, 
also, it was Rs.2,000 crore and we had spent nearly Rs.1,800 crore, which was nearly 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 10 of 23 
 
90% of our budgeted IT expenditure.  This year also, it is between Rs.2,000 crores to 
Rs.2,100 crores.  And we are on track to that. And by Q4, we'll be able to achieve most 
of the budget in the IT sector. 
 
And, it is all in all, the three components, whether it is IT, whether it is digital, and 
whether it is cyber security, in all the three components, we are spending on the IT 
side.  
 
Ms. Aditi Nawal, RSA & Ventures 
 
Got it. And so just one last question will be on employee expenses.  Sequentially, there 
has been a drop. So is it explainable by the fact that last quarter, there was bond yield 
decline, and hence you had to increase the provision on your retirement benefits. So 
that is not there this quarter.  Or is there any other one off?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
So, last quarter, there was some provision also because of the employee expenses. 
Now, the wage settlement has been implemented. And now it is well settled within the 
system.  So, for all our officer staff and also clerical staff, the new salary package is 
there. So, now it has got streamlined and moderated.  
 
Ms. Aditi Nawal, RSA & Ventures 
 
Got it.  So that will be it. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, ma'am. So the next call is from the line of Yash Dharak. 
 
Mr. Yash Dharak 
 
Thank you for the opportunity. So first question is with regards to slippages and 
provision for bad and doubtful debts. So it is evident that in the December quarter, the 
slippages and provision for doubtful debts have substantially reduced as compared to 
the last three financial quarters.  If you could please explain this.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Yeah, as regards our fresh slippages are concerned, if you see the fresh slippages 
have come down significantly. So this quarter, our fresh slippages are only Rs.1,105 
crore as against Rs.2,546 in September and further as against Rs.1,313 in December 
23.  So that is regarding the fresh slippages. As regards the provision is concerned, 
the provision has come down in this quarter on the NPA side. So that is a number 
which is there because that is whatever the provision we have made in this quarter on 
the NPA book is as per the RBI guidelines as per the IRAC guidelines. 
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 11 of 23 
 
 
Mr. Yash Dharak 
 
So last quarter you mentioned that there were some Government loans which were 
actually slipped and they were secured in nature. So are they still, have they upgraded 
or have they slipped down? Could you please elaborate on that?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
No, there were certain provisions with respect to the 7th June circular. Now those 
accounts basically they have now got regularized in the system.  So no more provision 
is required under the Standard category of 7th June 2019 Circular of RBI. So because 
of which there has been certain reversals as far as the provisions is concerned.  
 
Mr. Yash Dharak 
 
Okay, thank you. And as far as next question is concerned, so you had guided for a 
better recovery in the technically written off (TWO), in the Q3 and Q4, in the second 
half of the financial year. But as we can see that the recovery hasn't been so great and 
the other income has dipped quite a bit if you could see that.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
So recovery in the written off account if you see, our recovery in written off account 
was Rs.685 crores in Q2 which has come down to Rs.391 crores. There was one 
lumpy recovery which had happened in the Q2 of this financial year.  Because that not 
being there in this quarter, it has now moderated at Rs.391 crores. 
 
As regards the other part that the overall income from Rs.2,518 crore non-interest 
income has come down to Rs.1,700 crore, that is merely because of the profit from 
sale and revaluation of investments in the Treasury book which has happened last 
quarter has reduced during this quarter which has resulted in the moderation of the 
income from the Treasury book. That is why in the overall it has come down. However, 
let me clarify that on a YoY basis our total non-interest income has jumped by 46 
percent. 
 
It was at Rs.1,193 crores in December 23 and now it is at a healthy number of more 
than Rs.1,700 crores as on December 24, an increase of 46 percent.  
 
Moderator: 
 
Aditi, you may proceed. We will come back to you Aditi.  I sense some issues with to 
join in. Next in line we have Mr. Sushil Choksey. Sir, you may unmute yourself and 
proceed. 
 
 
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey 
 
Congratulations to Bank of India for excellent performance. Sir, my first question is 
your outlook on growth specifically for credit in current market is very positive and 
encouraging.  Your CASA is at 41%. Now to improve on all parameters from where 
you stand today, you stand tall but you can go further. What kind of initiatives will you 
take which you think are lacking to get accelerated growth much more from where we 
stand today?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Thank you, Sushil ji.  Thank you so much. See, if you see our growth, both the 
domestic and international growth and global growth, everything is in the double digits. 
So, that kind of number we have already achieved.  As regards guidance, as I already 
said, we have already given a guidance that credit growth in this financial year will be 
around 14 to 15 percent and domestic deposit and international deposit combined 
together will be around 13 to 14 percent. So, we have taken many steps within the 
Bank to improve both liability side and the asset side franchise and that efforts will 
continue to happen and lot of transformational journeys in all the verticals have taken 
in the Bank and not only in the CASA side but also on the retail term deposit side. In 
fact, we are also focusing on the bulk deposit where we can get bulk deposit at lower 
rate without giving anything over the card rate. 
 
There also we have identified more than 100 branches in the Bank where we are trying 
to take bulk deposit at the card rate which we publish every day. So, that is another 
step we have taken. As regards the credit side is concerned, RAM, our all underwriting 
centers whether Retail, Agriculture, MSME are functioning well and smoothly with all 
operational efficiency being coming to that because of which we are seeing very good 
RAM growth of nearly 19% which has come in during this quarter on a YoY basis. 
 
Similarly, on the corporate side, our Emerging Corporate Branches also have started 
giving traction and also the Large Corporate Branches. Similarly, as regards the 
recovery is concerned, there also lot of good work is happening from the ARB 
branches where we have shifted all our NPA which is Rs.50 lakh and above to these 
branches and good settlements and other kinds of recoveries are happening through 
these branches. Apart from that, fresh slippage if you see Choksey ji, we have now 
brought down our fresh slippage to Rs.1,100 crore in this quarter and our Zonal 
Collection Centers are doing very well and the field is totally attuned and doing the 
collection and our collection efficiency has now improved to as high as 97% as on 31st 
December 2024. 
 
So, overall we feel that with the kind of top line which is happening and the kind of 
operating profit that we are able to garner, we will be able to get good operating profit 
and net profit for the Financial Year 2025. Already we have achieved a net profit of 
Rs.2,500 crores in this quarter. We had given a guidance if you remember Rs.8,000 
crore of net profit for FY 25.  Already we have achieved Rs.6,500 crore of net profit in 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 13 of 23 
 
the 9 months. So, whatever the guidance we have given, we will be achieving those 
numbers. 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey 
 
Sir, I know the previous Analyst asked you on margins. If you can break up, what is 
your domestic NIM and global NIM? Global NIM you have given, domestic NIM would 
be what? Because your growth path is very visible on the domestic front and I suppose 
Bank of India is tuned well to grow within Indian corporate sector or retail sector with 
CASA being at 41%, your retail consumer touch point may be growing, SMA may be 
growing better.  You have re-energized your brand image with the old Customer base 
which have banked with Bank of India for many decades. So that lost touch is gaining 
back. So maybe you may create a tall tower but that tall tower may be more coming 
from the domestic NIM.  So if you have a guidance on domestic NIM because I 
suppose the deposit rates have peaked. How do you see that the answer on Cost to 
Income and all this is indirectly related?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
So Sushil ji, you have seen our global NIM which is at 2.80%. It has come down by 2 
basis points only in this quarter. And as regards domestic NIM is concerned, last time 
our domestic NIM was at around 3.14%. This quarter it is at 2.98% which is a healthy 
number.  And if I tell you the nine-month domestic NIM, it is at 3.19%. So we have to 
be mindful of the fact that we have 15% book which is international book where the 
NIMs are less. Because of which the global NIM for Bank of India comes down. 
Similarly for other banks who have good international book in their total global book. 
 
So, as far as the guidance is concerned on the global NIM, it should be at around 
2.90% for March ‘25. That is the number we are giving. As I explained earlier also, our 
yield on advances have improved by 10 basis points compared to last quarter. 
 
And our cost of fund has increased by only one basis point from 4.95% to 4.96%. And 
the gap is at 3.59% which was earlier 3.50%. So there also we have made a healthy 
margin in the interest income of nine basis points during this quarter. And this is what 
we are focusing on by pursuing all the field functionaries and the branches. So we are 
very sure that whatever the number guidance we are giving at 2.90% for the entire 
financial year and the global NIM will be able to achieve. 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey 
 
Now Sir, I have no doubts that you will outperform your guidance. I am seeing that 
there is scope that you will outperform the market expectation including what you are 
guiding for. So what are the two three steps which you have taken which over a period 
of the entire calendar of 2025 may enable Bank to get a bigger and a greater height 
from where you stand today. 
 
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
So lot of things we have done.  See, especially on the technology side we are doing 
lot of things. If you see our MSME book, today, out of the total MSME book 15% of the 
MSME book is now coming through the digital platform, through the assisted journey 
and the direct straight through process. 
 
So that kind of thing has already happened in the Bank. So lot of transformational 
journeys we are doing at the Top Management side. On the Data Lake side, we have 
the entire Data Lake structure now in place with lot of Artificial Intelligence and 
Machine Learning not only happening on the sales and marketing side, in resources 
and also the asset side but also on the credit underwriting side also it is helping and 
also on the early warning system it is helping. 
 
So all these things are helping the Bank in improving the overall efficiencies. Apart 
from that, we have already embarked on the project which is TechNext under which 
we are going for transformation journeys in IT, digital and cyber security. There also 
lot of automation is taking place and whatever the mundane task and other kinds of 
things are there that will get automated resulting in more time at the branch level for 
the staff so that they can concentrate on sales and marketing and also on the collection 
part as far as the SMA is concerned. 
 
So all these things taken together and also apart from that not to mention the HR 
transformation journey also which is going wherein we are redefining the job families 
wherein we are making the succession planning and we are also giving lot of up skilling 
and reskilling and lot of training in the hybrid mode both physical and the online mode. 
So all these things taken together I am very sure in the next coming one or two years 
there will be more operational efficiency coming to the Bank and which will finally result 
into the better bottom lines for the Bank.  
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey 
 
Sir, my last two questions on the credit growth.  If I have to ask you, how much of 
private credit growth and how much of public sector credit growth is possible because 
if your private sector credit growth is higher the market appreciates much more.  So 
that's the reason and on a yearly basis that would account for betterment. 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
See as regards the State Government and Central Government accounts, we have 
been clearly bringing them down as a glide path.  Outstanding we have been bringing 
down. As I said, Rs.60,000 crore is our pipeline.  So, I do not have the exact breakup 
between the Government and the non-Government but I can confidently say that 
majority of this book is private corporate sector. 
 
 
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey 
 
Sir, your outlook on investment book for the year.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
So investment also we are doing very aggressively and the IPO's which are coming 
there also we are investing and making good money that is another thing which is 
there and as regards the present situation which is there in the market with respect to 
rate of interest and the dollar rupee which is there we are very mindful of that and 
wherever we see any option coming and situation coming where we can make some 
profit and gains, we are immediately doing the transactions. 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey 
 
So thank you and all the best for the years to come. Thank you for taking all my 
questions.  
 
Moderator: 
 
So we received a follow-up question from Aditi Nawal on the chat. Her question is 
SMA-2 increased by Rs.800 crores.  Any specific account that has slipped?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Overall SMA has come down if you see from our presentation.  However, there has 
been an increase in SMA-2 number because of few accounts which are of State 
government, one State Government PSU account because of which it is at increase. 
However, overall SMA number has come down from Rs.7,600 crores to Rs.7,200 
crores. So in percentage terms it is only 1.16% and as against 1.29% in September. 
 
Within SMA2 also, this number is at 0.49% only of the overall standard book of the 
Bank and these accounts which are there for the PSU, State PSU and couple of them 
are having State Government guarantees also. In fact, one of the account is now, as 
on today when we speak, is totally out of SMA category and is a standard regular 
advance. So we find no threat in this quarter of any delinquency happening in these 
accounts. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you Sir for the clarification. Sir, next question we have received over text from 
Mr. Sai Karthik from Investec. He has got two questions. 
 
The first one is when system growth has reduced how is Bank of India managing 14% 
growth and the second one is what is the guidance for recovery from write-off assets 
for FY25 and FY26?  
 
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
So as regards the credit growth is concerned, I have already explained earlier that our 
entire machinery at the field level is totally geared up for credit. So we have 
underwriting centers in the Bank wherein the branch is totally delinked to the 
underwriting and the underwriting happens at the centers which are Retail, Agriculture 
and MSME. 450 underwriting centers are there in the Bank and branches are hooked 
up to them and they send the proposal, do the sales and marketing and underwriting 
happens there which helps in improving the operational efficiency. 
 
So that is one part. Apart from that as far as the Emerging Corporate is concerned 
there also we have now Emerging Corporate branches. From there also the proposals 
and traction is coming from the Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities and then we have the Large 
Corporate Branches who are reporting directly to the Head Office and we are seeing 
lot of traction coming through the proposals which are there. 
 
International book is also growing for us on a very selected basis. We are growing the 
international book. Apart from that, we are also growing the overall numbers which are 
there in the book and we are concentrating on the disbursements. 
 
So we are not only concentrating on the sanctions but also the disbursements which 
are helping us increase the outstanding in our overall book and also improving the 
interest income in the bank. So all these efforts are helping us to improve the overall 
credit numbers which are there and the growth which we are seeing now in our book.  
 
As regards recovery from written off accounts, there also as you see from the book 
that this quarter also Rs.300 crore plus of recovery we had done on the written off. 
Last quarter it was more at Rs.600 crore plus but that was a lumpy account but this 
quarter also we expect that the recovery from written off account will be somewhere 
around Rs.300 to Rs.500 crores.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Sir.  Next question we have received over text from Mr. Vijay from HSBC. 
His question is if you could shed some more light on the quality of the retail book 
specifically the unsecured and the personal loan segment.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Yeah, as far as our retail book is concerned, there if you see our total outstanding is 
Rs.1,27,000 crores as on December 24 which comprises of housing loan which is 
nearly 51% of our total retail book.  Vehicle loans are nearly 15% of that retail book. 
Education loan is 3%, mortgage loans are 8%, personal loan are 9% and others which 
is predominantly staff loan, loans against FDs and others are 14%. So if you see the 
unsecured portion, basically it is the education loan may be to certain extent which are 
loans up to 7.5 lakhs and personal loan book of nearly Rs.12,000 crores which is only 
1.89% of the total global loan book. 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 17 of 23 
 
 
And within the retail book, personal loan book is only 9% which is in single digit. As 
regards the stress in the personal loan book is concerned, as I had said earlier also it 
is only between Rs.500 to 600 crores which is SMA1, SMA2 and NPA in the personal 
loan book. So that again is around 5% of the total personal loan book of the Bank. 
 
So we do not foresee any challenge as far as the personal loan book is concerned on 
the asset quality and as I said lot of guardrails we have placed on the underwriting.  
700 and above is the CIC score and apart from that 65% of this book is the salaried 
book and remaining 35% is the non-salaried book and salaried book also majority are 
having their salary account with Bank of India and we have clear visibility on the cash 
flow. So we foresee no challenge as far as our personal loan book is concerned.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you Sir.  We have received one small question in the chat box from Mr. Manoj 
Kumar. His question is may I know the LCR of the bank?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Our average LCR is around 117 something.  That is the number at which our LCR is 
and it is above the threshold level of 100 fixed by RBI. So we are comfortable as far 
as the LCR is concerned. 
 
Moderator 
 
Sure. Sir, next question is from the line of Atisha Chaudhary. You may unmute yourself 
and proceed. 
 
Atisha Chaudhary, you may unmute yourself and proceed. We will come back to you. 
Sir, the next question is from the line of Mr. Ashok Ajmera. 
 
Sir, you may proceed. Ashok Sir, you may unmute yourself and proceed. Sir, allow us 
a moment.  Ashok Sir, you may now proceed. Ashok Sir, you would see a screen which 
allows you to unmute.  Kindly do so and proceed. We are unable to get Ashok Sir on 
the call. Atisha, you may now proceed. 
 
Or alternatively, both of you could type in your question in the chat box that you can 
see on the screen. In the meanwhile, Sir, we have a follow-up question from Yash.  
 
Mr. Yash 
 
Sorry to repeat the question. I just wanted to gain more clarity. What resulted in the 
slippages in bad and doubtful debts being reduced so much? The bad and doubtful 
debts have reduced quite considerably as compared to the last three quarters.  What 
resulted in such a big improvement as far as slippages and doubtful debts are 
concerned? That's all.  

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 18 of 23 
 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Yes, there are two things in that. One thing is that, as I said earlier, our Zonal Collection 
Centers are really doing good work at the field level.  And a lot of good collections is 
happening at the field level. And 97% nearly is our collection efficiency as on 31st 
December. That has helped us in reducing the fresh slippages which are happening. 
 
As regards the aberration which you are seeing between the two quarters, last quarter 
our fresh slippage was Rs.2,546 crores. And this time it is only Rs.1,100 crores. That 
is because of one single PSU account of more than 1,000 crores which had slipped in 
the last quarter.  And that was a one-off thing which was there because of which the 
entire figure got distorted in the last quarter of September. So, now that account not 
being there in this quarter, now it is normalized. And we are very confident that going 
here forward, we will be at these numbers.  Rs.1,100 crore is the fresh slippage only 
during this quarter.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Yash. Sir, we have received a question from Atisha Chaudhary on the chat 
box.  The question is, in SMA 1 and 2, how many crores is from State Government?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
SMA 1 and 2.   In SMA 2, majority is from the State Government PSU only.   So, of the 
total SMA book which we have shown of 7,200 crores, Rs.5,000 crores is from the 
PSU book. 
 
Mr. Atisha Chaudhary 
 
Okay. Okay. Sure.  And Sir, if you have the reasons for write back of Rs.299 crores of 
standard assets provisioning.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Write back of provision is because of the 7th June 2019 RBI circular. So, we had made 
some provisions of the 7th June circular in standard accounts.  Because of the proper 
functioning of the account, they are not on SMA and out of order now. Because of 
which, as per RBI guidelines, we can reverse those provisions. So, that has resulted 
in reversal of that provision. 
 
Mr. Atisha Chaudhary 
 
Okay. Okay. Sure.  And Sir, if I look at the presentation, the yields on advances have 
gone up. Yields on investments have gone up. But the yields on funds have actually 
declined.  So, I was not able to understand the maths.  
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Yeah. Yield on funds has gone down from 7.55 to 7.22.  
 
Shri Uddalok Bhattacharya, GM, Treasury 
 
From 7.55, it has come down to 7.22. Right. But the advances and investments have 
gone up. Yields on placements have come down during the quarter. 
 
Mr. Atisha Chaudhary 
 
Sorry, what is that placement?  
 
Shri Uddalok Bhattacharya, GM, Treasury 
 
Interbank placements. Yields on placement has come down. Because most of the 
things are through borrowing only in today's tight situation.  That's why placement has 
come down. Interbank placements, that income has come down. That is why.  And we 
are mostly on the borrowing side.  
 
Mr. Atisha Chaudhary 
 
Okay.  And so, lastly, I mean, last quarter, you had said that, you could not deploy a 
large amount of funds, and then you could only deploy at the end of the quarter. And 
hence, the last quarter margins were lower. This quarter, we had, you know, lower 
slippages also from corporate as well as across all things. And yet, the margin 
improvement is only two basis points. So, is there any follow through that can come in 
fourth quarter? Or you think that because you're growing corporate, that advantage is 
lower?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
No, this time, what we have concentrated is with respect to the disbursal. So,  last 
time, the disbursals mostly happened in the end of the quarter in September, after 15th 
September, which is the reason that the entire interest income did not come in the 90 
days. 
 
So, this quarter, what we did is, we followed up with the field functionaries and made 
sure that the disbursements are followed up and quick disbursals happen wherever 
the sanctions are happening. That was one point. As regards our yield on advances is 
concerned, if you see the data here. So, our yield on advances have gone from 8.45% 
to 8.55%. And they have increased by 10 basis points. And our cost of fund has 
increased by only one basis point. So, the gap between the yield on advances and the 
cost of fund is now a very healthy 3.59% as on December, which was at 3.50% as on 
September.  So, in that area also, we have improved by nine basis points, which has 
helped us in improving the overall net interest income of the Bank.  
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Mr. Atisha Chaudhary 
 
And so, what would be your incremental yield to corporate blended? I mean, roughly, 
I mean, would it be like 8% below 8% or maybe above 8% to corporate?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
In corporate book, majorly we are lending at the MCLR. It may be overnight MCLR, 
one month, three month or one year MCLR.  So, that figure exact at the corporate 
blended return, I am not having at this moment. But definitely from the Top 
Management side, it is that we should have advances on the MCLR side only.  
 
Mr. Atisha Chaudhary 
 
Okay.  Great, Sir. Thank you. And all the very best. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, Sir. So, we have a follow up question from Mr. D Manoj Kumar on the chat. 
 
His question is, may I know the reason for high balances with banks and money at  
call, short notice, which is a drag on NIMs,  which we can see by a drop in the yield on 
funds? 
 
Shri Uddalok Bhattacharya, GM, Treasury 
 
The higher balances are on account of our foreign branches placing funds overseas. 
Because of that, the balances are higher as well as the swaps, which we have, which 
we do, those placements are with the overseas banks. 
 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera, Ajcon Global 
 
Good evening, Sir. And compliments, Sir, for the good set of numbers to the entire 
team of Bank of India.  Having said that, Sir, because I was not there half of the time 
I'm traveling, basically. And I couldn't hear the entire conversation. But on the first look, 
I just found that our operating profit has gone down in this quarter. 
 
And that is mainly because of the other income has also gone down. In this quarter, 
though, the overall performance on the credit and the deposit side, growth is good. So 
on the profitability front, Sir, what are the reasons for the operating profit going down, 
Sir? And our net profit is higher because the provisions are less. 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Thank you so much, Ashok ji. On the first point with regard to operating profit.  
Operating profit has come down from Rs.4,147 crores in September to Rs.3,700 
crores this quarter. The decrease is around Rs.400 crores only. But if you see the non-

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 21 of 23 
 
interest income, it has come down from Rs.2,500 crore to Rs.1,700 crore.  There, the 
dip is more than Rs.800 crores. And that is also because there was a lumpy recovery 
in written off account, wherein the recovery in written off account figure had touched 
Rs.685 crores in the last quarter. But overall, if you see the operating profit on the 
operational part, our operating profit has gone up by 23% on a YoY basis. 
 
So our operating profit, which was Rs.3,004 crores in December ‘23, is now improved 
to Rs.3,703 crores as on December ‘24. And so the jump is nearly 23%. As regards 
the net profit, you have rightly observed that there has been some less provision which 
has taken place. 
 
But what I can assure you is that whatever the provision we have made is based on 
the asset quality in the book and also as per the IRAC guidelines of the RBI. So 
whatever is required has been provided for as per the RBI guidelines. So because of 
which the provision you are seeing on a lesser side, both on the bad and doubtful side 
and also on the performing side. 
 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera, Ajcon Global 
 
Have we used the provision out of our buffer or our additional provision earlier made 
over the IRAC norms? Have we used some of it during this quarter?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Actually, what has happened in the standard book, 7th June 2019 Circular is there. In 
those accounts where it was invoked and the account was SMA, the provision was 
kept.  Those accounts are performing okay now and with the discussion we have now 
reversed those provisions and these accounts are no more part of 7th June Circular.  
 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera, Ajcon Global 
 
All right. Sir, my second question is on the Treasury front, Sir. 
 
On the trading, because in the Treasury most of the income opportunity has gone with 
the profit, M2M, going to the reserve directly, but on the trading book, how the Treasury 
performance looks because if you look at the segment profit side, I think our profits 
are lower from the Treasury operations.  
 
Shri Uddalok Bhattacharya, GM, Treasury 
 
So, if you see compared to Q2, in Q3, our profit numbers from Treasury operations, 
especially through the sale of securities as well as foreign exchange transaction has 
come down majorly because yields went up in Q3 and most of the times yields were 
up and the market was volatile.  So, it provided less opportunities for trading. And 
secondly, on the FX side, in the fag end of the quarter, we had forward premia going 
up, shooting up, which brought the revaluation in the books down. So, because of 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 22 of 23 
 
these two reasons, our income has come down from Rs.730 crores in Q2 to Rs.266 
crores in Q3. 
 
However, in Q4, looking at the markets, we feel that yields are going to come down 
from here. You see, 10-year is trading around 6.71. We expect a rate action as well as 
the regulator to ease liquidity in the markets.  So, that will bring yields down and we 
hope to make money both on the investment side as well as on the FX side. So, we 
will be posting better numbers in Q4 as far as Treasury operations are concerned.  
 
Shri Subrat Kumar, Executive Director 
 
Ashok ji, you will appreciate that interest income has also gone up in the Treasury.  In 
the treasury book interest income, there is a group interest income, but the 
unidirectional movement in yield always impacts the portfolio as well as the trading 
opportunity. That is why the portfolio has taken a hit.  
 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera, Ajcon Global 
 
I understand, Sir.  Thank you very much, Sir, and all the best to Bank of India. Thank 
you, Sir.  
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, Sir. We have a follow-up question from Mr. Atisha in the chat. 
 
The question is, how much of the NPA recovery is flowing into net interest income?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Yes, Rs.464 crores is that part. So, we have shown in slide number 25, recovery from 
URI and UCI. So, that recovery is going directly for improving the net interest income. 
 
Mr. Atisha Chaudhary 
 
Sure, Sir. And a subsequent question is that what is your guidance for NIM for Q4 
FY25 and full year FY26?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
So, for FY25, as I said earlier that we are expecting that the NIM should be at around 
2.90% for the full year. FY26 at this juncture, we will not be able to give any guidance.   
Post-March only we will be giving the guidance for FY26.  
 
Mr. Atisha Chaudhary 
 
Noted, Sir. And last question is what is the overseas NIM in this quarter?  
 

                                      Q3 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                           January 24, 2025 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
So, that figure I am not having at present.  Global NIM we are having and domestic 
NIM we are having, that number we have not brought here. But we can send you 
separately.  
 
Moderator: 
 
And we have a last question from Mr. Deep Manoj Kumar on the chat. It is a final 
question where he says may I know what is the PCR (Provision Coverage Ratio)?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
PCR is 92.48%. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Sure, Sir. Thank you. So, with this, we now conclude this session. 
 
I would now hand this conversation over to Mr. Rajneesh Karnatak for his closing 
remarks. Over to you, Sir.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
 
Thank you so much for all the Analysts who have been present over here, spend their 
precious time here for this Analyst Meet.  Thank you so much from the entire Top 
Management of Bank of India here at the Head Office. Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, Sir. 
 
Participants, on behalf of Bank of India, I announce this conference as concludes. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect the call. 
 
 
