 
February 07, 2025 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
           To,  
Corporate Relationship Department                          Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                                       Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C-1, 
Mumbai — 400 001                                                              G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
                                                                                                     Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code:  532875                                                             Scrip Symbol: ADSL 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2024   
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations"), we are submitting the Transcripts of Conference Call 
held on Monday, February 03, 2025, in respect of the financial results for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2024.   
The same can also be viewed at https://www.allieddigital.net/in/earning-conference-call 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
 
_______________________ 
Nehal Shah 
Whole‐Time Director 
DIN: 02766841 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NEHAL 
SHAH
Digitally signed 
by NEHAL SHAH 
Date: 2025.02.07 
18:26:15 +05'30'

 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
February 03, 2025 
 
Call Duration 
 
49 minutes and 05 seconds 
Management Attendees 
 
Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director 
 
Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole-time Director 
 
Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO  
 
Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan, Global Head Strategy responsible for 
Growth, Innovation and Partnerships 
 
Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during Q&A 
session 
 
Pratik Dedhia – Individual Investor 
 
Arjun Agarwal – Individual Investor 
 
Jyoti Singh – Arihant Capital Markets 
 
Gaurav Desai – Individual Investor 
 
Hiten Boricha – Sequent Investments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to Allied Digital 
Services Limited's Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. 
Thank you, and over to you. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you, Yashasri. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on Allied 
Digital Services Limited's Earnings Call for the third quarter of Financial 
Year 2024-25.  
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Nitin D. Shah – Founder and CMD, 
Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan – Global Head of Strategy for Growth, 
Innovation and Partnerships, Mr. Nehal Shah – Whole Time Director, Mr. 
Paresh Shah – Global CEO and Mr. Gopal Tiwari – Chief Financial Officer.  
We will begin with comments from Mr. Nehal Shah who will cover recent 
developments across the business. Mr. Paresh Shah will then cover the 
operational performance and order wins followed by Mr. Gopal Tiwari 
who will walk us through the financial highlights. Thereafter, we will open 
the call for the Q&A session.  
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to 
this effect has been included in the earnings documents that have been 
shared with all of you earlier.  
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Nehal Shah for his Opening 
Remarks. Over to you, Nehal. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, Mayank. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today's 
earning call. Thank you for joining us. I trust you have had the opportunity 
to review the earnings material shared earlier.  
Despite a modestly challenging microeconomic environment, we are 
pleased to report a strong performance this quarter. For Quarter 3, '25, 
consolidated revenue reached Rs. 220 crore, reflecting a 29% year-over-
year increase. This marks the second consecutive quarter of revenues 

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 3 of 20 
exceeding the Rs. 200 crore threshold, maintaining the improved 
momentum in our business performance.  
Our India operations continue to excel with standalone revenues growing 
45% year-over-year during this quarter, reinforcing the solid growth 
trajectory in the domestic market. We are also pleased to report strong 
growth in EBITDA and PAT with a sharp improvement in margins.  
Given evolving market dynamics and persistent cost headwinds, combined 
with our investment in talent development and geographic expansion, we 
are delighted to report a rebound in margins, especially on a sequential 
quarter basis.  
In India, business remains robust, driven by a healthy pipeline of demand 
across both Enterprise and Government sectors. The Union Budget's 
commitment to capital investments along with measures to support 
manufacturing and consumption should result in improved economic 
activity in the coming quarters, aiding the prospects of the domestic 
market.  
Internationally, we are encouraged by the signs of renewed momentum 
in the U.S. market following the presidential election, which is expected to 
have favourable spillover effects across the global markets as well.  
We are pleased to report order intake of Rs. 200 crore plus this quarter, 
further strengthening our order book. Over recent quarters, consistent 
high-quality order wins have resulted in a more diversified portfolio, 
strengthening the visibility of our long-term growth. Paresh Shah, our 
global CEO, will cover the order wins in greater detail.  
Our business is positioned to capitalize on key market tailwinds:  
 
Increased technology spending by global enterprises, particularly 
in digital engineering, cloud and cyber security solutions 
 
Growing maturity of Indian enterprises as they scale, driving 
demand for advanced solutions.  
We have seen all of these levers start to play out over the past few years.  
Further, our ability to compete and win larger, more complex contracts 
with greater scope of transformative potential is enabling us to expand 
our total addressable market.  

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 4 of 20 
For the quarter, our entire geography U.S. witnessed improved traction. 
This enabled us to grow revenues from the rest of the world segment by 
16% on a year-on-year basis. The India business continued its momentum 
to report revenue growth of 56% year-over-year and by 12% sequentially.  
The Services segment reported revenue growth of 22% on a year-on-year 
basis while revenues from Solutions were higher by 59% year-on-year. As 
all of you are aware, the activity in the Solutions segment serves as a 
pipeline for the Services segment, indicating good visibility for our anchor 
segment representing recurring revenues.  
Coming to the outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year, we continue to 
execute in an environment that is steadily moving in the right direction as 
we are seeing signs of recovery in discretionary spending. We have good 
momentum with us given the business added in the last two quarters and 
are in active discussion with several customers indicative of a strong 
pipeline.  
That's it from me. I will now hand over the floor to Pareshbhai.  
Paresh Shah: 
Yes, thank you, Nehal. Good afternoon, everyone. 
Here is a quick summary of our Operational Highlights for the quarter.  
Allied Digital secured over Rs. 200 crore in new orders and contract 
renewals. Key wins include:  
 
We are honored to have been selected by a leading US-based 
multinational investment bank to provide end-user and investor 
service desk solutions and services. Our team will deliver first-
level assistance to employees, investment managers, and brokers 
across their offices in Ohio, USA, London, UK, Hong Kong, and 
Japan.  
 
Another win I want to announce is Allied Digital has been 
entrusted in transforming IT services for a major US-based eye 
care provider. We will manage their IT infrastructure, global 
services, end user support, and field services across the nation, 
nationwide clinics, ensuring seamless operations and enhanced 
user experience.  
 
We have been chosen also by a leading non-profit organization 
focused on education and job skills to optimize their IT operations 

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 5 of 20 
and reduce costs. Our scope includes digital workplace services, 
global services, end point management and field services.  
 
Allied Digital has secured a significant operational technology 
security 
engagement 
with 
the 
world's 
largest 
vaccine 
manufacturer. This reinforces our expertise in protecting critical 
infrastructure and delivering robust cyber resilience solutions.  
 
We will be providing IMS services including service desk and end 
user services for the corporate offices and plant operation of a 
joint venture multinational automotive brand. This project further 
strengthens our foothold in the global automotive sector.  
 
Allied Digital has been awarded a large-scale cloud deployment 
project aimed at simplifying and expediting the map and layout 
approval process. The initiative will enhance transparency and 
efficiency in land usage changes, FAR approvals, and other 
housing-related clearances.  
 
We are implementing driver monitoring systems and advanced 
driver assistance systems for a leading automotive Company 
headquartered in Mumbai, reinforcing our commitment to 
automotive innovation.  
 
We have received an additional work order for a smart industrial 
township project contributing to Maharashtra's industrial 
expansion and economic growth.  
 
To add to the wins, India's second largest public sector bank 
headquartered in Vadodara, Gujarat has entrusted Allied Digital 
to implement data center and data recovery solutions, enhancing 
the bank's resilience and operational efficiency.  
 
We have also secured network upgradation projects for a client 
engaged in the exploration, mining and processing of iron ore, 
ensuring operational efficiency and connectivity in a critical 
sector.  
These contacts reflect our continued growth and expanding capabilities 
across diverse sectors. We remain committed to innovation, excellence 
and driving transformation change across industries.  
Now, I will hand over to Mr. Gopal Tiwari, who will share the financial 
updates during the period under review. Over to you, Gopal.  
Gopal Tiwari: 
Thank you, Paresh bhai. Good afternoon, everybody. I am sure all of you 
have reviewed the financial performance of the Company for Q3 FY '25.  
I will now walk you through some key developments regarding financials: 

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 6 of 20 
As my colleagues have covered earlier, it has been a strong quarter with 
an acceleration in top-line growth. Further, we are encouraged that the 
improved growth has been accompanied by an improved margin profile.  
I would like to invite your attention to Page No. 2 of our press release. As 
you can see from our table showing a 5-year trend of revenues for each 
successive 9 months period, revenues in 9 months FY '25 have picked up 
once again. The CAGR for the 5-year period is 23% and is now reverting to 
the CAGR of 25% plus that we delivered from FY '20 to FY '23.  
I will now quickly turn to some of the line items in the consolidated 
financial statements: 
Firstly, there has been a reclassification of employee costs in our U.S. 
operations. As a result, some of the costs that were earlier being booked 
in employee costs have been moved into direct expenses. Due to this 
accounting treatment, the gross margin in Q3 FY '25 was lower as 
compared to Q3 last year.  
Secondly, there have been a mix of factors which have impacted employee 
cost this quarter. Costs have risen as we have increased the number of 
associates to serve the increased business. Further, there is the effect of 
wage hikes.  
Factors that have contributed to the reduction in employee cost include 
the reclassification that I have just talked about as well as reduction in the 
notional loss on ESOPs which is accounted for each quarter. The net effect 
of these factors has meant that employee cost of Rs. 37.5 crore in Q3 FY 
'25 are higher by only 11% as compared to Q3 last year.  
I would now like to invite your attention to Slide #13 of our investor 
presentation. This quarter, we have slightly modified the presentation of 
our P&L statement. As you may recall, in Q2 FY '25, there has been a 
change in treatment of interest earned by our subsidiary and the finance 
cost incurred by it. While these items were being set up earlier, from Q2 
FY '25 onwards, these are being represented separately. As a result, other 
income has increased as has the finance cost on a Y-o-Y basis.  
In order to enable a like-to-like comparison with earlier quarters, it is 
essential to include the other income while calculating the EBITDA and 
margin. Hence, we have shown the operating profit separately, which 
doesn't include other income while also showcasing the EBITDA, which is 

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 7 of 20 
inclusive of other income. This enhanced disclosure will make the margin 
trajectory comparable with that of the earlier few quarters.  
Thank you so much. I will now hand it over to the moderator to open the 
forum for Q&A session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press "*" and "1" on 
their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue, you may press "*" and 2. Participants are requested to 
use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait 
for a moment while the question queue assembles. We will take our first 
question from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Pratik Dedhia: 
So, I have a question regarding your geographical distribution. So, a lot of 
revenue now comes from U.S., and we are seeing strong growth on the 
India side as well. So, more in terms of how you see your margins 
expanding given I assume that U.S. business would be on the higher side 
as compared to the India business. So, if you could give some color or 
trajectory towards that, and when do you see your margins expanding 
primarily from the U.S. business? 
Nehal Shah: 
If you see currently, we have been telling in the previous quarter, previous 
years also, thank you for the question, by the way, 62% of our revenues 
currently come from the U.S. market or the global markets and about 38% 
of our revenue comes from India. We typically would want to continue in 
that range. However, keeping the business scenario in mind, this might 
change a little bit here and there.  
Nitin D. Shah: 
So, I would like to add. We would not like to benchmark our international 
business with India business. What we are emphasizing and focusing is on 
the class of business that we do, and the kind of business that we keep 
getting, the kind of clientele that we address, and we have a lot of options 
coming but we are very cautiously growing. Hence in the process the 
question is very important factor or lever that we look upon while 
selecting the kind of an opportunity and the kind of clientele.  
 
So, currently the traction is quite good in India. So, you may see here and 
there some deviation every quarter. But it purely depends upon the kind 
of good business that we get. And that's how we address the market. So, 
it's not a benchmark between U.S. or India.. 

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 8 of 20 
R. Ramanathan: 
Yes, and if I can add, see our strategy is to look at long-term business, not 
just short-term business because short-term business has its own 
volatility. And therefore, long-term business means in the India scenario 
where we are doing large scale system integration projects, there is always 
a onetime solutioning part and then there is a continuous operational 
revenue part, which comes as a result of managing for multiple years.  
 
The U.S. also and other parts and other geographies, we are looking at 
long-term business strategies. And therefore, there is always, even in such 
businesses, an initial investment that is required, followed by continued 
growth as well as revenues and increased profitability.  
 
So, this is a multi-pronged strategy that we are involved in. And the fact 
that Allied Digital is very strong in smart cities and large-scale system 
integration, is a very good opportunity for us in India because India is a 
growing market, and it is also one of the desired markets of many other 
Western companies.  
Pratik Dedhia: 
Okay, fair enough. So, I just have a follow up. So, you mentioned that you 
were looking at multi-pronged strategy in combination of investing, 
looking at long-term strategy and expanding profitability. Just throw some 
color in terms of how the margins would expand specifically for U.S. 
business.  
R. Ramanathan: 
I think that we have a diversified strategy, not only just the U.S. geography, 
but multiple geographies, which are now demanding technology 
management services, you know, you are seeing a huge growth in demand 
for technology management services because of advances in technology, 
sensor technologies, GPU technologies, and so on and so forth. Obviously, 
there would be better margins in the U.S. market where there is service 
orientation concern.  
 
At the same time, in the Indian market, you have large scale solutions and 
even solutions which are in the areas of our focus, we are not looking at 
opportunities which are just revenue driving. We are looking at 
opportunities which have core service component and innovation 
component and solutioning component which are much more profitable.  
 
Our strategy is also to include more and more diversified set of tools and 
technologies which is helping in increased productivity and thereby 
increase profitability.  

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 9 of 20 
 
So, this is what I refer to as a multi-pronged strategy where we are looking 
at the diversity of geography, diversity of customer base, both direct 
through the partnership approach, which we have been very strong in, as 
well as direct clients whom we are increasingly being able to tap into. And 
in the India market, we are increasingly looking not just at government 
projects, but also at enterprise solutions and large-scale enterprises, 
where our solutions and services are very relevant to them because they 
are growing their size across the Indian market.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Arjun Agarwal, 
an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Arjun Agarwal: 
Yes, congratulations on a good set of results. Sir, my first question is what 
kind of guidance are you giving for like FY '26, and what contribution will 
be for the new projects, and what will be the contribution from the 
recurring one? And also, on EBITDA mix on both the verticals. This will be 
my question. Thank you.  
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, Arjun. In the past, previous quarters and previous years, we 
have been saying that FY '26 looks at a top line of about Rs. 1,000 crore, 
and that is what we are right now looking towards. The mix is going to be 
anywhere between 75% of our recurring revenue, 25% solutions business, 
that is the project business.  
 
EBITDAs typically should be at a similar level, or we will try to improve it 
over the quarters depending upon the kind of business that we keep on 
closing in. Because as we are growing, as we are getting new business, we 
are also investing a lot of our money on getting new talents, expanding 
geographically. So, I would suggest that if we are able to sustain the 
margins and try and take an upward trend from here, it would be great.  
Arjun Agarwal: 
Okay, thank you. And my next question is regarding the cybersecurity 
incident that was mentioned in the results. Can you throw some light on 
that, that what really happened over there?  
Nehal Shah: 
So, this was regarding one of our customers, one of our clients, who had 
typically, there was a data breach that had happened before we had 
started onboarding the customer. Post that data breach, there was a 
person who impersonated one of the ex-employees and tried to enter the 
access systems to the password reset site. One of our agents mistakenly 
took that person to be the employee and gave him access, which resulted 
in a cybersecurity attack.  

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 10 of 20 
 
However, there are two things that are good for us. One is that the 
customer is still with us. We are continuing servicing since it was 
absolutely not our mistake, which was because of which the data was 
leaked. It was due to the previous vendor. And second is that we are 
absolutely covered with our cybersecurity insurance as well. So, we feel 
that it is not going to be too much impactful for us financially. However, 
since it was material information, we thought of sharing it with our 
investors.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please press star and 
one on your phone now. We will take our next question from the line of 
Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets. Please go ahead.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just my question on the previous 
participant that they have asked on the cyber security front. So, you 
mentioned not too much impact on the financials. So, how much exactly 
if you can explain on the financial side impact you have?  
Nehal Shah: 
So, there has been a claim, and the claim is still not in the court. It is a 
claim from an existing customer. To answer and safeguard all our 
investors, the customer is still with us, and we are servicing them. The 
incident had taken place way back in December of 2023. We are presently 
in January 2025.  
 
While we are speaking, we are still servicing that customer. And this is a 
process for which there has been a breach. So, they will have to go through 
the process of posting a claim on us. While we are talking, our lawyers are 
speaking and getting a solution out of it.  
 
But to be rest assured, even if there is any claim, it will always be settled 
through the global insurance that we have taken. And we are absolutely 
more than two times covered. I think more than three times covered with 
our cyber security insurance. So, we don't see any impact financially 
coming on our books on through this claim.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay, thank you, sir. And sir, on the margin side, if you can tell us about 
the impact, how much impact we are having in terms of wage hike and 
ESOPs. I mean, a little bit if you can elaborate us on that side.  
Nehal Shah: 
So, margin side, I think we are trying to improve our margins every 
quarter. While we see that you are right, we are in a growing industry. 
While we are growing, we are also seeing a lot of wage hike and ESOPs 

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 11 of 20 
being given to our employees to retain talent. And we will continue to do 
that. At present, we are at about 12% EBITDA. We will try to maintain 12% 
and try to improve from here on.  
 
Having said that, I wouldn't want to block myself by giving a number. The 
reason is that while we are growing, there are a lot of things that we will 
be investing in expanding. And that's one of the reasons that we would 
want to sustain our margins at the current level that they are.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sir. That is very useful. But sir, how much impact we are having on the 
wage hike side in this quarter margin?  
Nehal Shah: 
So, wage hike is, typically, we have this quarter or the previous quarter, 
the wage hikes have been very minimal in the range of 7 to 8%. 7 to 8% is 
something that we are seeing. We don't see, exceptionally, of course, 
there are exceptional talents that we need to pay more to retain them. 
However, on a standard basis or a sequential basis, 7% is something that 
we are looking at.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. And sir, also you mentioned about you got a deal on the driver 
monitoring business. So, how big is this business and, you know, how 
much it will be revenue generation for us and margin trend and how big is 
this opportunity going forward, if you can a little bit explain on that, sir? 
Nitin D. Shah: 
So, this probably may not be looked upon in terms of the scale at which 
we have got the business, but it's a very innovative idea that we are 
looking into it, and it's a solution developed by our digital engineering 
services team, and that's very innovative, where we keep monitoring 
continuously the driver fatigue systems and lot of other parameters and 
which is futuristic. So, we see a very large, two of the large clients have 
signed up with us and we see a good opportunity to scale this business up. 
So, currently, if you talk about the total business, it may not be very high 
compared to the total revenue that we have got.  
R. Ramanathan: 
So, if I can just add to what Nitinji said, our strategy very clearly in an 
emerging world of AI is how to have an AI insight strategy in every solution 
and service that we are rendering. One of them is facilitated with the 
development of our own tools, which he mentioned about Digital Desk.  
 
But the other is also to leverage tools out in the marketplace that are 
rapidly evolving. And these have a role to play in almost every aspect of 
the work that we do, whether it is in technology management, how do you 

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 12 of 20 
use AI, for instance, in being able to detect or prevent incident 
management so that we are able to increase the productivity, reduce the 
cost, increase the reliability, and so on. That is one part.  
 
Second is how can we also collaborate in developing new tools, because 
this is a very nascent marketplace along with our partners. And these are, 
you know, many of the OEM are our partners, and they are evolving tools, 
but there is a need for understanding the customer’s domain, which we 
understand very well in the development of these tools.  
 
And the third part, of course, is in the SI world that we are in, especially in 
India, there is going to be a large scope for leveraging AI in anything we 
do. For example, surveillance management, or we are talking about large 
scale system integration, or we are looking at database of information 
related to people, etc., from a safety point of view, or from an insurance 
point of view, or from an applications management point of view and so 
on.  
 
So, we are seeing an increased scope for these sort of technologies to be 
used, technologies that are developed in-house by us, technologies that 
are developed by our partners and technologies and tools available 
outside. But the whole attempt and strategy is how do you leverage all of 
that to be able to increase productivity and thereby reduce costs and 
thereby increase our profitability.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you, sir. Sir, why I have asked this question, because already one or 
two companies, they are working toward this and also government is 
going to make the OBD-II mandatory from April onwards. And the 
Company who is already working on this data, a lot of insurance Company 
in U.S., using to provide the insurance because it gives the accurate data. 
So, that's the reason I ask how big this opportunity for us is going forward. 
So, if you can give us some idea on that, if we are targeting on a bigger 
picture.  
R. Ramanathan: 
I just want to say that the opportunity is big, but it is big for the people 
who get it right. Because there are three parts, you know, one is the 
accuracy of data. Second is the cleansing of data, whatever is available. 
And the third is the analytics part with which we are able to derive newer 
and more innovative insights into the data that we get.  
 
And therefore, while the opportunity is big and there are many companies 
who are trying it, I think the key is those who would get it right, who 

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 13 of 20 
understand the domain and who already have involved themselves in the 
development of tools related to that. And that is where personally I think 
we have a slight edge in terms of both the base of customers we are 
dealing with today in India as well as in the overseas market and the type 
of services that we are rendering. But yes, this game is open to many, 
many other players and whoever gets it right and fast and quick are the 
ones that will succeed.  
Paresh Shah: 
So, what I would like to say is, you were talking about the insurance 
companies, right? So that is one of the areas. Insurance companies are 
very keen to see how they can derive insurance through the driver's 
course. So, that's one of the areas. Also, logistics companies want to make 
sure their large trucks are being navigated well. And the third is, a lot of 
supply chain companies want to see that they can reduce pilferage and 
loss. So, yes, it has multiple applications. And this is one of the areas where 
automobile manufacturers are also trying to get into these solutions 
where they can build the solutions within their Company.  
 
So, we are working with both the automobile manufacturers also where 
we are actually demonstrating this technology, as well as working with 
large companies like mining companies, oil industry where they want to 
make sure their pilferage and logistics are well managed. So, that's 
another area that is also being picked up. So, yes, it has a lot of scope.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sir. Thank you so much, sir. And sir, if one more question I can ask on 
the smart city side is, we are working towards that and we have 
capabilities and long-standing relationship. But a lot of larger companies 
are also working towards this smart world side. So, are we facing any kind 
of competition on that front or we are fine with it and we are getting good 
orders?  
Paresh Shah: 
Yes, see, we have secured a very unique position in smart cities. We are 
very hands-on technology players. There are large companies, but they 
are mainly outsourcing or they are just doing financing. But we are pretty 
much strategic players. We do right from the top to the bottom, right from 
the architecture, design, all the way to implementation. So, we are an end-
to-end IT services integrator as well as service provider. So, that is a unique 
position which we carry, and we see that as a big strength in terms of our 
capabilities, and we have proved that over and over time in the last many 
years.  

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 14 of 20 
Nehal Shah: 
And just to add to what Paresh bhai said is that for the larger companies 
there are multiple business levers that they work on in multiple time. 
However, for us, this is our core business, and we are absolutely focused 
on getting more and more similar orders so that we keep on growing. So, 
this becomes a core business activity for us rather than just being one 
ancillary business. I hope that answers your query. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sir. Thank you so much. And sir, just last question, like earlier, we have 
expanded in Dubai. So, similarly, we are targeting any other geography to 
expand further.  
Nehal Shah: 
Yes, we could. There is always business opportunities that is coming in. 
However, we take a conscious decision whether we will open up our own 
subsidiary or not. We are getting a lot of larger client requirements coming 
in for various geographies in Europe as well. So, there is a possibility that 
in the coming quarters, we would be expanding  some European 
geographies as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question from the line of Gaurav 
Desai, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Gaurav Desai: 
Yes. So, my question was more on the U.S. and the export business. Since 
we have long-term contracts which go over five years, do we calculate 
some kind of an average billing rate per resource that we are able to fetch 
on this contract, you know, on hourly basis or on a yearly basis?  
Nehal Shah: 
So, thanks, Gaurav, for the question. For us, most of our revenue is booked 
on asset wise rather than hourly wise and band power wise. So, it depends 
on the customer's assets. So, we build per asset rather than doing it per 
hour or per employee. And in most of the cases, the prices are fixed per 
asset. So, if the asset of the customer grows, our billing grows. But 
however, there is a minimum asset confirmation that is or guarantee that 
is given by a customer, and we bill accordingly.  
 
So, rather than doing it as a manpower wise or an employee wise, we do 
it as a managed services through the asset count wise. That gives us a lot 
of leverage on reducing and increasing the manpower as per the 
requirement of that particular client. And that's where the leverage comes 
in for us at a later date on a larger contract period to improve our margins 
as well.  

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 15 of 20 
R. Ramanathan: 
Just to add to that, the way Allied Digital works in all of these is how do 
we drive improved performance and how do we bring the benefit of the 
cost not only to ourselves as a vendor providing that service, but also to 
the customer. And that enables stickiness with the customer and that also 
enables us to increase the portion of the pie that the customer is willing 
to give to us because they see continuous value addition in the way we 
are delivering our services. And so, if it is purely manpower-based type of 
costing, then the customer doesn't benefit too much.  
 
But if you are leveraging intelligently technology and now AI in all of this, 
then we have the opportunity of driving down the cost further, bringing 
benefit to the customer as well as bringing benefit to ourselves in the 
process. And so that is our sort of general strategy. At the same time, 
when we are penetrating new customers and so on, we are willing to work 
on flexible models that is advantageous to the customer but also not 
harmful to us.  
Gaurav Desai: 
Okay. So, one additional question on that explanation was like, do we have 
to keep employees on site in these Indian projects or on the foreign 
projects? And what would be the ratio between the onsite and offsite?  
Nehal Shah: 
Most of our clients, we have people who are on-site doing service delivery. 
And presently, we hire absolutely local employees there. So, people who 
are local citizens of that particular country. However, a portion of project 
management or other services could be offshored here. That is how 
typically a project from a longer perspective works.  
 
There is another line of business that we do, where we do complete 
remote management services for our clients, wherein 100% of client 
service delivery is done out of India. So, there are two set of different 
customers that I am talking of currently. Hope that answers.  
Gaurav Desai: 
Yes, and what could be the mix between the two?  
Nitin D. Shah: 
Sorry. I think you must have asked that question from background 
regarding a bench. How many people that we keep on bench? Is that what 
you are asking about?  
Gaurav Desai: 
No, I was asking more from the cost point of view. Like earlier I asked on 
the billing rate. Now, so, since more of the people are on site, I wanted to 
understand like what could be the cost structure.  

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 16 of 20 
Nitin D. Shah: 
Okay, I understood. Okay, sorry, I understood.  
Paresh Shah: 
So, as Nehal pointed out, there are two different services. We have digital 
workplace services, which have more focus on on-site presence and less 
focus on offshore presence. But it all depends on the customer. Customer 
says we want more localized and US-based services, then that's where we 
go. Within this digital workplace, there could be a lot of offshore presence 
if the customer wants a lot of remote work.  
 
Same thing, we have another enterprise infrastructure services, which is 
minorly on-site and majorly remote. Okay. Hardly 10% is on-site and 90% 
remote. So, that's how the on-site offshore model works. And we have 
customers who take their choice and figure out what portion they want 
on-site, what portion they want offshore. Okay. Usually, that's the kind of 
approach that we take.  
 
You are talking about the billing point of view. So, you can just thumb rules 
basically. When it is offshore, obviously we have much better margins and 
obviously much better profits. When it is pure onsite, definitely there is a 
local impact there at the margin level. But definitely there is an offshore 
component which takes care of a lot of margin capabilities.  
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Hiten Boricha from Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Hiten Boricha: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. So, I have only one question left. That's 
on the tax rate. So, our tax rate was down to around 12% this quarter. So, 
if you can throw some light on that and also if you can share what would 
be our rate in FY '26? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Our rate basically this is because of some adjustments in the tax expense 
because of deferred tax application, but overall, it will be in the range of 
20% plus only, FY '26.  
Hiten Boricha: 
20% for next year and okay. Okay, so for next quarter it would be in the 
range of normal 20-25%, right? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Yes, around 20%, yes. It will be around that. It could be.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next follow-up question from the line of Pratik 
Dedhia, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 17 of 20 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Okay, thank you. So, I have a question regarding the data centers. So, you 
mentioned that you received an order from a public sector bank. Can you 
throw some light on what kind of order it is, and what kind of work you 
are doing, and are you getting similar traction from other clients as well? 
Paresh Shah: 
Yes, so this was an implementation project for one of the very well-known 
public sector banks. And this was mainly to, you know, they were actually 
moving their data center so there was a lot of relocation work to be done 
to move the assets to a new data center, implement transformation there, 
and ensure there is a good data recovery process also. So, we 
implemented a lot of changes in their data center as well as implemented 
new storage to manage their data recovery process. It was a very 
important exercise for the bank, which we have completed that project 
and received a lot of appreciation.  
Nehal Shah: 
Yes, Pratik, just to add what Pareshbhai said, apart from this, there are lot 
of data center projects that we keep on getting. We have delivered close 
to about 16 cities, smart cities where we have made data center in each 
of them. Apart from that, we also manage a lot of data centers of our 
enterprise customers as well and data center management, data center 
migration from on-prem to cloud, all of this acts as our prime core 
business, and we have absolute in-house capability of delivering all of 
these projects.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Jyoti Singh from 
Arihant Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, thank you for the follow-up opportunity. Sir, if you could just talk 
about on your revenue has been booked from the Pune project in Q3 and 
what kind of jump will be seen in Q4.  
Nehal Shah: 
So, Jyoti, generally any smart city project that we get in, we do milestone 
wise billing. So, there are about two milestones that we have successfully 
achieved in this quarter for which some portion of the billing is done. In 
the next two quarters, there will be a remaining portion. So, the solution 
side of the numbers might be a little higher for the next two quarters while 
we are implementing the new project in the Pune city. And we expect, 
once the implementation is done, the recurring revenue for that will start 
from the third or the fourth quarter of next year.  

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 18 of 20 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. And sir, on the DSO front, we have reduced 
significantly. That is good. So, but what will be our target and a range that 
we are going, going forward?  
Nehal Shah: 
So, currently, I would say that we would want to come down below 70 as 
fast as we can. We would be very happy if we can do anywhere between 
60 to 65 days.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay, and any target timeline, sir, for that?  
Nehal Shah: 
We are constantly working towards it. If you see, historically, we will be 
improving every quarter. Our September half year, we have come down 
to 72. And hopefully, we will keep on improving. I don't have a timeline in 
mind because we think this is a continuous process and we have to keep 
on improving until, you know, we reach that milestone of 60 to 65 days.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Arjun Agarwal, 
an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Arjun Agarwal: 
Hello. Yes, I just want to ask that what is the cash on books and how 
management is planning to utilize it?  
Nehal Shah: 
So, cash on book currently that I recollect of was about Rs. 180 crore, and 
we are keeping this money in our war chest for a larger customer that we 
acquire so that if we need to invest in acquiring those customers, we can 
invest upfront. Also, we are constantly keeping our eyes open for good 
acquisitions as well. So, if any of that happens, we want to make sure that 
we have good money at hand and we don't have to go and secure money 
from the banks. These are the two things typically that we have kept the 
money for.  
Arjun Agarwal: 
Thank you, and I just wanted to know that regarding this DeepSeek 
impact, like, how industry is looking into it? Means will it help in growing 
the AI application or I just want to hear your thoughts on this. Thank you.   
R. Ramanathan: 
So, you know, DeepSeek has actually just advanced the possibility of 
reducing the cost in ChatGPT type of applications, because essentially it is 
doing whatever ChatGPT was doing or ChatGPT-4 were doing, but at a 
highly reduced cost because of more efficient utilization of GPUs, floating 
point CPUs. They are using eight-point floating point CPUs. And they have 
also made some tremendous software modifications to ride on what has 
already been developed.  

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 19 of 20 
 
So, from the point of view of DeepSeek, what we need to see is how that 
can influence further application development using the tools that are 
being created in Generative AI. But the important thing is that the cost of 
Generative AI may come down as compared to what was originally being 
envisaged.  
 
And so, from the point of view of our approach, one is, we are going to see 
how Digital Desk can be enhanced, leveraging new DeepSeek features if 
they are relevant and if, you know, the jury is still out on what are the 
limitations of DeepSeek. So, we need to carefully study that.  
 
But at the end of the day, I think this is also going to lead into increased 
competition amongst the big players, whether it is Microsoft, Facebook, 
Meta, or OpenAI, to come up with less costlier models. And therefore, the 
pervasiveness of AI would increase. And since the pervasiveness of AI 
usage and generative AI usage would increase, it means that that becomes 
an increased opportunity for organizations to leverage or develop new 
tools on that.  
 
This is my understanding of what is happening in the marketplace, but 
Paresh, you can add something to it.  
Paresh Shah: 
There are a couple of areas DeepSeek is still to be talked about is on the 
security side. So, not much has been discussed that yet. But yes, it shows 
a lot of promise. And obviously, it will cut down the cost of GenAI. These 
are the two criteria that we see that's much valuable. And for us, it gives 
an opportunity to actually run more good AI projects also in India with a 
cheaper cost. Today, the cost of ChatGPT is much high.  
Arjun Agarwal: 
Thank you for this elaborate answer. My final question is, what is our 
current order book?  
Nehal Shah: 
So, Arjun, I think we have stopped giving the current order book numbers 
for the past previous quarters because there are a lot of factors that goes 
in the line of business that we do. We have a constant order booking that 
happens with respect to new orders being, net new orders being coming 
in apart from renewals that keep on happening and the new revenues in 
the existing account that we call as ‘Farming’.  
 
So, typically what happens is the number that I give in, the investors divide 
that number by the number of years that the business order is booked for. 
And that typically doesn't give an accurate number from the top line 

 
 Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 20 of 20 
perspective. And that is the reason that we say that you keep on looking 
at us, that sequentially we will be growing. We have been announcing 
order wins and we have been every quarter giving out a number of new 
revenues that we have locked in.  
Arjun Agarwal: 
Okay, fair enough, sir. Thank you. Thank you and all the best for the future.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you all for your participation and engagement in today's call. As we 
look ahead, we remain confident in our ability to sustain consistent and 
long-term growth. With the right strategies in place, we are well on track 
to achieve our goal of Rs. 1,000 crore in annual revenues in the coming 
quarters.  
 
Encouraging signs of revival in key markets, coupled with stronger 
customer activity and improved decision making, further reinforces our 
optimism for the future. Our continued focus on direct customer 
onboarding, expansion in smart city initiatives and strengthening our 
global footprint will be key drivers of our momentum. As we move 
forward, we are committed to leveraging these opportunities to unlock 
even greater value.  
 
Should you have any further questions or require additional insights, 
please feel free to reach out to our team or CDR India. We appreciate your 
support and look forward to connecting again in the next quarter. Thank 
you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the Management Team. On behalf of Allied 
Digital Services, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 
