 
 
 
 
RADIANTCMS/Q3/EarningsCall-Transcript/SE/2024-25 
Date: 18.02.2025 
To 
Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543732, Scrip Symbol: RADIANTCMS 
ISIN: INE855R01021 
 
Sub: Transcript for the Earnings Conference Call on the un-audited standalone and consolidated 
financial results for the quarter and nine months period ended December 31, 2024, held on 
February 14, 2025 
 
Dear Ma’am/Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the “Transcript for the Earnings Conference Call” on un-
audited standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter and nine months period ended 
December 31, 2024, held on February 14, 2025 for your information and records. 
 
Kindly take the above details on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For RADIANT CASH MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Nithin Tom 
Company Secretary 
A53056 
Nithin 
Tom
Digitally signed 
by Nithin Tom 
Date: 2025.02.18 
11:13:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
“Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 14, 2025 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: COLONEL DAVID DEVASAHAYAM – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. T.V. VENKATARAMANAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. ALEXANDER DAVID – CORPORATE DIRECTOR OPERATIONS & 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT 
MR. MUTHURAMAN – DIRECTOR, ADVISOR, STRATEGY AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS   
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RUSHIL DEDHIA – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING LIMITED 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Radiant Cash Management, hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rushil Dedhia from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rushil Dedhia: 
Thank you, Alvik. Good morning, everyone. We welcome you all to the 3Q FY '25 earnings call 
of Radiant Cash Management. We thank the Radiant Cash Management team to give us this 
opportunity to host the call. Today with us, we have the entire management team of Radiant 
Cash Management represented by Colonel David Devasahayam, CMD; Mr. T.V. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Venkataramanan, CFO; Mr. Colonel Benz, COO; Mr. Alexander David, Corporate Director – 
Operations & Business Development; and Mr. Muthuraman, Director, (Advisor) Strategy and 
Investor Relations. 
 
Now I hand over the call to MD sir for his opening remarks, post which we can shift to question-
and-answer session. Over to you, sir. 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Thank you very much, Rushil. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us 
today for Radiant's investor call. We are happy to report a healthy performance for this quarter 
ended December 31, 2024, with a 15.8% consolidated revenue growth and a 26.6% consolidated 
tax growth over the same quarter last year. 
 
Better performance in our new initiative of Acemoney with the cost control measures in our core 
operations and robust growth in direct clients contributed significantly to this healthy 
performance for this quarter. Three out of our five key strategic initiatives have performed in a 
stellar fashion. Acemoney has grown at a healthy pace, both in top and bottom line. Alexander 
David will speak more on this matter later. 
 
Direct clients have grown at a brisk pace and today account for almost 15% of our RCMS 
revenue. Cash Van operations continue to grow well and contribute significantly to our growth 
in revenues and profit. The remaining 2 initiatives that is Diamond, Bullion and Jewellery 
Logistics and Radiant Insta Credit has grown to a meaningful scale. These are major investments 
for us in the Radiant long term. Management has taken several initiatives, including 
strengthening the sales team and the technological backbone to grow this business at a brisk pace 
in the coming quarters. 
 
The sluggishness in the consumption sectors in the economy had its impact on the core business 
of retail cash management in the current quarter, which reported a muted growth in this quarter 
over the same period last year. So banks continue to be the prime clientele for Radiant. The 
company is reorienting itself as a business-to-business sales driven organization across all its 
businesses. The company is strengthening its sales team in all its regions to cap the huge 
unaddressed markets in retail cash management, valuable logistics, insta credit as well as taking 
fintechs to the rural areas and India's hinderland. And we believe that the effort will bear fruit in 
terms of healthy growth in the upcoming quarters. 
 
The improvement in profitability continues for this quarter. The consolidated EBITDA margins 
were improved by 221 basis points from 17.7% in Q3 FY '24 to 19.9% in Q3 FY '25. The sharp 
improvement is on account of the same reasons we cited in the last quarter; strident cost control 
measures and a healthy turnaround in performance of Acemoney in this quarter. 
 
Our cash losses continue to be the lowest in the industry by a wide margin, a result of a robust 
risk management framework. We continue to maintain the highest return on capital deployed 
and return on equity in the industry. We remain committed to providing transparent updates on 
our progress and answering any questions that you may have. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
 
I will now request Mr. Alexander David to speak about the progress achieved in Acemoney, 
followed by Mr. Venkataramanan to speak about the financial performance and KPIs. And over 
to you, Alex. 
Alexander David: 
Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining this earnings call. I will be 
presenting the update on Radiant Acemoney, our fintech subsidiary. I am glad to inform you that 
Radiant Acemoney had an excellent quarter and has clocked INR112 million in revenues for this 
quarter, which is 100% sequential growth for the previous quarter. The rapid scaling has also 
helped achieve healthy EBITDA margins for this quarter, contributing significantly to the 
overall consolidated performance of the Radiant group. 
 
I would like to present a few numbers to put our scale of growth in perspective. We have installed 
over 52,000 POS machines in the first 3 quarters of the current financial year and well on course 
to achieve our target of 65,000 machines for the full year FY '25. Our transaction volume in the 
current quarter was INR175 crores, again exhibiting healthy sequential growth over the previous 
quarter. 
 
We are continuously expanding both our geographical footprint as well as service offerings to 
address the untapped markets in rural areas where digital access is still below 50% for merchant 
outlets, providing huge opportunities for growth. A strong pan-India network of the parent 
company provides synergy benefits for these growth plans. 
 
The regulatory environment is quite favorable, which continues thrust for financial inclusion in 
rural areas by the government and regulators, which provides the much-needed initial impetus 
for creating the payment infrastructure. Going forward, our focus would be to improve the 
transaction volumes in each of our outlets for sustained growth over the medium term.  
The rest of the financial year is quite promising, both in terms of revenue growth and 
profitability. We will continue to provide regular updates on the progress of Acemoney to our 
investors as we scale greater heights in the upcoming months. 
 
I would now request the CFO, Mr. Venkataramanan, to present our financial performance. 
T.V. Venkataramanan: 
Thank you, Alex. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining on this investor call today. I will 
present the company's key performance indicators and financial performance for the quarter 
ended December 31, 2024. 
 
During the first 9 months of this year, we added 51 new clients, 325 new end customers, and 
6,744 new retail touch points in our retail cash management business. In this 9-month period, 
we handled INR1.27 trillion of cash in line with our recent first quarters. Today, we service close 
to 77,000 touch points, covering approximately 14,000 PIN codes across 8,900-plus locations 
and continue to have the widest network in the industry. 
 
For the third quarter ended December 31, 2024, the stand-alone revenue growth was 5.2% over 
the same period last year, which is lower than our historical average on account of sluggish 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
consumer demand witnessed across all several sectors of the economy. However, consolidated 
revenues grew at 15.2%, supported by healthy growth in our fintech subsidiary. 
 
In terms of sectoral performance, we witnessed about 10% growth in e-commerce, organized 
retail, and BFSI sectors over the same quarter last year, and 14% growth in the petroleum sector. 
We also witnessed healthy growth of 47% in the Cash Van operations segment. However, e-
commerce logistics witnessed 2% negative growth sequentially. 
 
We continued to report strong growth in our direct client segment, which now accounts for about 
16% of our stand-alone revenues. Our DBJ segment is yet to stabilize and reported a marginal 
degrowth in this quarter. The management has redoubled its sales efforts in the DBJ business, 
and our recent launch of Insta Credit, which will help improve the revenue growth in the coming 
quarters. 
 
Coming to the financial performance. The consolidated revenues for Q3 FY '25 were INR1,176 
million, representing 15.8% growth over the same quarter last year. The consolidated margin for 
the quarter stood at 19.9%, an improvement of 221 basis points over the same period of the 
previous year and 89 basis points over the previous quarter. 
 
The continued improvement in EBITDA margins in this quarter were achieved on account of 
strong focus on cost control; 2, healthy positive contribution to EBITDA from Acemoney, which 
is our fintech subsidiary, and healthy growth and contributions from our Cash Van operations. 
The management is confident of further improvement in margins in the last quarter of the current 
year as well. 
 
The consolidated return on capital acquired for the quarter was 23.6% annualized. The return on 
equity for the quarter was 22.3% annualized. I would like to highlight that the ROCE and ROE 
for Radiant continues to be among the highest in the industry because of a strong and clean 
balance sheet, very low cash loss levels, high fixable and turnover ratio, and strong working 
capital management. 
 
In summary, the quarter has seen a continued healthy improvement in EBITDA margins over 
the previous year, supported by strong performance of our fintech subsidiary. 
 
I now hand over the floor for the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, gentlemen. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We got our 
first question from the line of Abhishek Chawla, an Individual Investor. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
My first question is regarding Acemoney. So on the website, we can see you are also into the 
variable wallets. So could you throw some light how that is performing or that's insignificant? 
Muthurman : 
Can you just repeat the question, please? We couldn't hear. Some background noise over there. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Abhishek Chawla: 
I'm saying, as per the Radiant Acemoney website, it is visible that you are into the variable 
wallets as well. So my question is, how is that sector particularly performing or is that very 
insignificant for Acemoney as of now? 
Alexander David: 
Yes, thank you for the question. It is a very insignificant part of the revenue as of now, but it is 
something which we will definitely look to explore in the future. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
And the second question is regarding Insta Credit. A few calls, in the previous quarter, you have 
mentioned that you are training the on-ground staff to enrol people in Insta Credit. So how has 
that been working out? 
Muthuraman : 
Yes, we have rolled out our training program across the region and we do have feet on stage 
now to onboard more clients and it is still a very -- it's not a very significant component. So we 
have not separately disclosed RIC points, revenues, etcetera. But we are hoping that it will scale 
up in the coming quarters. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
No, I'm not asking for any separate numbers. I'm just asking how has been the response of people 
when they interact with the sales people. That's it. 
Muthuraman : 
Yes, we have rolled out the training and it is, as I mentioned, we have onboarded several clients 
and the technical and financial aspects of it have worked out very well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aditya Sen from RoboCapital. 
Aditya Sen: 
Sir, one of our peers is going through some issues regarding default on debt. So any color on 
this? If it is going to benefit us or any of our peers? 
Muthuraman : 
We don't operate in the similar segment as the competitor, I mean, so-called competitor in the 
overall industry. They don't have any significant impact on our business. 
Aditya Sen: 
And also how are we seeing our revenues and EBITDA going forward for the next 2 years? 
Muthuraman: 
Yes. We are on the path of consolidating our profitability and focus on profitable growth. And 
the trend line that we witnessed in the last 3 quarters, hopefully the improvement in profitability 
will continue. In terms of revenue growth, yes, the core business growth is a little sluggish 
because of the overall economy. Depending on the economic performance, we are positive that 
it will exhibit better growth than what we witnessed in the current quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Abhishek Chawla, an Individual Investor. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
So regarding this quarter, the revenue which we have seen in Acemoney, how much of this 
revenue is one time because of the sale of machine and how much of it can we expect to be 
recurring? Could you throw some light on that? 
Muthuraman : 
See, at this point of time, we are in the process of expanding our presence. So as Alex mentioned, 
we have rolled out almost 52,000-plus POS machines. A substantial portion of our revenue is 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
from rollout of machines. And transaction revenues will build over a period of time. At this point 
of time, the transaction revenues are fairly small. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
So the POS machines, you will command a rental on these going forward as well or not? 
Muthuraman : 
No, we may have some AMC revenues, but not rental. That's sold. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
So in the coming quarters, can we expect the same rollout intensity from your end for the POS 
machines? 
Muthuraman: 
We have indicated a guidance of -- the target of 65,000 machines for the full year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chandramouli Jagannathan, an individual investor. 
C. Jagannathan: 
Just seeing your presentation, the Radiant valuable logistic is losing money. When is it likely to 
turn profitable? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
I will take this and answer. Actually, this is a long-term -- a medium to long-term investment for 
us. And with the fact that there are over 2 lakh registered jewellers in the country, and valuables 
is an area which is only going to grow and with greater consolidation over the years. We have 
invested in this. We have placed infrastructure on the ground, which meets the entire requirement 
of the market. 
But in terms of the actual business that is coming, because valuables are involved, so there is 
obviously going to take some time before the customers have paid and they start making use of 
our services. So that's the reason why the quality of our infrastructure is of the highest level, the 
best that's possible, even internationally that's available so that the quality of service delivery on 
its own with a referral mechanism will gradually build up this business. But this is a business 
that we have invested in for the medium to long-term. 
C. Jagannathan: 
Somebody has asked the same question, maybe I just wanted to -- sorry for repeating. The 
Acemoney, you have done about some INR10-plus crores top line this quarter. Is it sustainable, 
I mean, the top line and the profitability on a quarterly basis? What is that we expect in the 
future? 
Muthuraman: 
Our target is it's a value aggressive target we have internally to work towards growing this 
business. But beyond the 65,000 machines target, we have not put out a guidance for the next 
year. Hopefully in the annual listing next year -- next quarter, we will be able to give a slightly 
longer term guidance on that. The market is fast evolving, but it's a huge untapped market. We 
have been saying this in the previous calls as well, there are 2 crores retail outlets in the country.  
And there are about 85 lakh POS machines, so which means 45% penetration. So we balance 
1.1 crores retail outlets, don't have any form of digital payment mechanism at this point of time. 
And the government is privy to the matter and encouraging players like us to roll out these POS 
machines and bring all the retail outlets into the digital economy. So to that extent, I think the 
growth potential is fairly large. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
If you ask us quarter-on-quarter performance, I don't think we will be able to give that kind of 
number, but the potential is fairly large. 
C. Jagannathan: 
Just on -- 2 years back, Radiant did a bottom line of about some INR60-plus crores. At least next 
year, can we expect that you will cross that number? Top line should be more than that because 
the EBITDA is comparatively less. 
 
 
Muthuraman : 
Yes. So this last year and the current year has been a period of investment for a sustained long-
term growth. And as you can see, we have been consistently improving quarter-on-quarter our 
performance and we expect this trend to continue and hopefully we will cross FY '23 numbers 
in '26 -- '24 numbers in '26. 
C. Jagannathan: 
So will the dividend as usual policy continue, sir? 
Col David Devasahayam:Yes, we have a stated dividend policy and are likely to  remain on track. 
C. Jagannathan: 
So what is the net cash as on December, sir? 
Management: 
Are you… 
C. Jagannathan: 
Sorry, sir, I did not get you. 
T V Venkataramanan: 
INR695 million, that's the net cash available as of December. 
C. Jagannathan: 
It has gone down. I mean, the debt level has gone up. That is okay? 
T V Venkataramanan: 
See, because -- debt level has increased because of we use the debt levels only during the last 1 
or 2 days of the month or the quarter to cater to the month-end requirements. That is one of the 
reasons why our interest costs have come down. But though the debt level has increased because 
of the month-end quarter and peaking requirements, the interest cost -- we have controlled the 
interest cost. So it's only a temporary phenomenon. 
C. Jagannathan: 
So which will get normalized to the end of March? 
T V Venkataramanan: 
I would not say that because during the month-end the requirements are high and gets normalized 
in the first week of the next month. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sudip Samantha, an Individual Investor. 
Sudip Samantha: 
Actually, first, congrats on the great set of number. And second thing, every con-call you guys 
say like our EBITDA margin reached 20% to 25%. But still it is less than 20%. So when we 
expect next 2 quarters, 3 quarters we reach at least 22% or 23%, 25% EBITDA margin, is the 
first question? Please answer. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Muthuraman: 
Yes. So as we explained in the previous question as well, we are in the investment mode, 
particularly the Diamond Bullion Jewellery segment is still loss-making, bringing down our 
overall EBITDA margin. We expected to -- the DBJ segment to break even in the next 2 quarters 
or so, post which our numbers should improve. 
Sudip Samantha: 
And what business we are getting from DBJ business? 
Muthuraman: 
It's hardly -- in terms of top line, it is fairly small, 1.5% -- 1.2%, 1.3%. 
Sudip Samantha: 
So it could be INR1.5 crores, right, or INR2 crores? 
Muthuraman: 
In terms of -- no, no, for the quarter? 
Sudip Samantha: 
Speaking about quarter, sorry, this quarter only. 
T V Venkataramanan: 
Rs 1.2 crores roughly 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Hardik Doshi from White Whale Partners. 
Diya: 
This is Diya from White Whale. My question was like, correct me if I'm reading this wrong, that 
your cash pickup and delivery Q3 last year versus Q3 current year has degrown by 4% versus 
network cash management has grew by 12%. But in the revenue model that you mentioned, your 
cash pickup is actually linked, it's a fixed amount and which is derived from each touch point, 
whereas NCM is the variable one? 
 
So to your point of consumption slowdown, shouldn't the numbers be opposite such that your 
cash pickup and delivery should grow because it's the fixed amount and your NCM should 
degrew. So am I reading this wrong or like what's your take on this? 
Muthuraman: 
The total cash handled includes cash burial as well. Okay. So just to explain the -- we pick up 
cash and deposits in the bank. If it is -- the bank has a branch, we'll deposit in the concerned 
branch. If the bank doesn't have a branch, we'll deposit in our account and transfer it to the client 
electronically. 
 
So the second is called the network cash management. The first is the cash pickup and delivery. 
So the second is a subset of first. So in a sense, network cash management has grown because 
we have had good increase in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, number of points that have added. So that 
has contributed to healthy growth in the network cash management business. But still even the 
overall total cash volume handled has grown about 1.7% -- about a little less than 2% quarter-
on-quarter and about 6.5% sequentially over Q2. 
Diya: 
So just one follow-up question. So you're saying that the cash pickup and delivery, that grew by 
4%. That is a fixed amount that you derive from each touch point, right? So your touch points 
have grown or have they… 
Muthuraman: 
There's no degrowth at all. I don't know where you're getting that from. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Diya: 
So what I'm reading is cash pickup and delivery was 65% of your revenues Q3 versus 60%. And 
then just doing the math… 
Muthuraman: 
In terms of the revenue growth or the volume -- cash volume pickup? 
Diya: 
I'm talking of the revenue growth, assuming that's a fixed amount linked to the number of touch 
points? 
Muthuraman: 
So, the revenue degrowth is even in the revenue of cash pick up on delivery. Quarter-on-quarter 
is it or same quarter last year? Yes. Sorry. Same quarter last year there has been a marginal 
degrowth. 
Muthuraman: 
Sorry, can you repeat the question? 
Diya: 
So my question was that despite the volumes growing, has your pricing dropped because cash 
pickup and delivery, it's a fixed amount that we charge from a point that degrew last year versus 
this quarter. So am I reading this wrong? Or like has there been like a price… 
Muthuraman: 
So see, that fixed price per point depends on what type of points that we have added, whether it 
is a petrol bunk or a pharmacy will make an ocean of a difference, right, because of the volume 
of cash that we get. And also, it is not one-on-one correlated with the cash volume. But as the 
cash volume increases, the per 1,000 cost will go down if you do the math. So it's not directly 
comparable. The marginal degrowth is on account of, I would say, the mix of points that we 
have added in this period. 
Diya: 
So my second question would be just a qualitative comment on market shares in the retail cash 
management versus last year. Have you seen the competitive intensity increase, decrease, or 
stable? 
Muthuraman: 
I think we are continuing to have the leading market share in this retail cash management 
business. We are the market leader. And our reading of the market is that we have maintained 
our market share. And there is no new players or no change in the competitive intensity of the 
business. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jigar Savla from Vihas Ventures LLP. 
Jigar Savla: 
Sir, just wanted to understand on Acemoney, what is the kind of margins that you are currently 
having in this particular quarter? 
Alexander David: 
This quarter, we recorded a margin of close to about 25% EBITDA margin. 
Jigar Savla: 
And sir, if we look at our company, so we had a margin of around 25% to 30% just 2 years back, 
and now we are around 17%. So when do we expect to reach back to that older level of margins 
of 25% to 30%? 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Muthuraman: 
We never had 25% to 30% margin. The margin of -- 2 years back, we had about 25%. Around 
25%. So the current year, okay, I don't know, we compute dated EBITDA margins are about 
19.9% is an improvement over the last year. Consolidated EBITDA margin is 19.9% in this 
quarter. And we are expecting to continue to -- this is for the quarter, for this quarter because 
already EBITDA margin is, as shared, less than 20, and we expect it to improve further. 
Jigar Savla: 
So for the financial year March '22, '23, we had EBITDA margin of around 30%. That's where 
I was coming from that. When do we reach to that kind of margin? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
No, it was never 30%. It was somewhere in the range of about 26%. Now I had said this even at 
the time when we were taking the company public that we have to invest in these new initiatives 
as we go forward because there is a huge and humongous opportunity areas that are available 
today in India, which even our network that we have, we have to work towards building on it. 
 
And so our expenditures have considerably gone up as a consequence. Investing in these areas 
and working in a sales force and working in the requisite infrastructure. So that's the reason why 
it was a constant revision that we undertook with -- at a slight reduction in our EBITDA margin. 
 
Well, you'll see there's a consistent growth towards the terminal objective that we have in mind 
and over the upcoming quarters we'll see the requisite improvement on EBITDA margins 
happening, in a steady manner as we go forward and we are seeing success in each of these 5 
initiatives. 
Jigar Savla: 
Just getting -- so understanding that we are basically expanding for the kind of investments that 
we are doing, which is to look through P&L. So then what kind of top line growth do we have 
in mind? Do we have 25% kind of a top line growth in mind for next 3 to 5 years? 
Muthuraman: 
Top line growth, we have said it will be high in long-term to medium-term. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Harshvardhan, an Individual Investor. 
Harshvardhan: 
My question is actually regarding our footprint in terms of the number of PIN codes that we 
serve. And when I compare the Q3 presentation with last quarter's presentation, I can see that 
the total number of PIN codes has dropped from 14,888 to about 13,900. So is there any reason 
for why there is a drop in number of PIN codes service? 
Muthuraman: 
Yes. So this is actually correlated with a small degrowth in our e-com Logistics business. Very 
low volume points became unsustainable for us to service because of the e-commerce players 
moving out. So it was a rationalization. But in terms of locations, if you see, we have continued 
to increase -- added more locations within the PIN codes, within the existing PIN codes. It's a 
onetime clean up of this thing because of the e-com Logistics business. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Abhishek Chawla, an Individual Investor. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
So over the past 2, 3 years, could you share some -- throw some light on the route density? Like 
has that gone up or it's still the same? 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Muthuraman: 
So route density has gone up. We have added about close to 7,000, 6,700 points in this 9 months. 
So that has improved our route density. But the overall cash volumes throughput has grown at -
- and the revenue growth are more or less in tandem. So for all the reasons that we explained in 
the e-com Logistics and the general overall economic slowdown had resulted in the overall cash 
volume over a period of 9 months, etc., at close to 9%, 10% and route density is corresponding 
that range. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
And regarding the jewellery business, as sir mentioned in this call only, that it is taking time to 
on-board customers because there's a trust element involved. So let's say, 1 or 2 years down the 
line, you are able to get those customers. So that same issue of trust is going to help us retain the 
customer or they will be able to switch if another competitor comes in to deliver the same 
service? 
Muthuraman: 
Yes. So the penetration of organized sector players in the industry is very low, okay? It's still a 
fairly unorganized, like I said, 2 lakh jewellery, registered jewellery are there in the country. Our 
own estimate is hardly 10,000, 12,000 are serviced by other organized players. So we don't 
expect competitive intensity to be hindering our growth, rather ability to build that trust should 
help us achieve a bigger scale there. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
Just to say, I interpreted it correctly, the jewellery, it is the first time they will be using a service 
like this to transport their jewellery? 
Muthuramant: 
Some of them -- yes, many of the smaller jewellery that we are on-boarding will be first time 
using an organized player like us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Thank you very much, Rushil. I would like to thank all the participants for some really good 
questions and there's quite a bit of food for thought for all of us here. This quarter has continued 
its trend of improvement in profitability on the basis of a healthy growth in consolidated revenue. 
I'm confident of continuing this trajectory with the help of our new initiatives to tap the huge 
opportunities for growth supported by a very strong management team. 
 
I would like to express my gratitude for your continued support and faith in Radiant. We are 
confident that our continuous efforts will yield promising results for all our stakeholders. Thank 
you for your time and your continued interest in our company. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that 
concludes this conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
************************************ 
