 
 
                                          
                                           CIN: L55101WB1999PLC090672    Email : corporate@speciality.co.in  
Morya Land Mark – 1, 4th Floor, B-25, Veera Industrial Estate, Off New Link Road, Andheri (W), Mumbai 400 053 
 Tel. No. (022) 62686700 Website-www.speciality.co.in 
 
Registered Office: ‘Uniworth House’ 3A, Gurusaday Road, Kolkata – 700019. 
 
 
 
February 5, 2025 
 
To, 
General Manager, 
Listing Operations,  
BSE Limited,  
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 534425 
Vice President, 
Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
'Exchange Plaza', Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Scrip Code : SPECIALITY 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Conference Call held for presenting the results for Q3FY25 Results 
Conference Call. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Conference Call held on February 3, 2025 for presenting the results for Q3FY25 Results 
Conference Call.  
 
This will also be hosted on Company’s website at www.speciality.co.in.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
 
Authorized Signatory 
 
Name:  
  Avinash Kinhikar 
Designation:   Company Secretary and Legal Head 
 
Encl: As above 
AVINASH 
MADHUKAR 
KINHIKAR
Digitally signed by 
AVINASH MADHUKAR 
KINHIKAR 
Date: 2025.02.05 15:05:38 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Speciality Restaurants Limited 
Q3 FY25 Results Conference Call” 
February 03, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANJAN CHATTERJEE – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AVIK CHATTERJEE – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH MOHTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. KARAN BHUWANIA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Speciality Restaurants hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhuvania from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Karan Bhuvania: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. It's a pleasure at ICICI Securities to host Q3 FY25 
Results Conference Call of Speciality Restaurants Limited. In the management today, we have 
Mr. Anjan Chatterjee, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Avik Chatterjee, Whole Time 
Director, and Mr. Rajesh Kumar Mohta, Executive Director, Finance and CFO. I now hand 
over the call to the management for their opening remarks, post which we can open for Q&A. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Good afternoon. I don't know how much was heard in the last preamble of mine. So while the 
results have been published and all of you must have got a copy and detailed it in your own 
way and have questions, the reason I'm talking first is to give you an overall overview of the 
strategy that we have formed. In the last con-call also, we had discussed the same thing. The 
strategy of the company continues to be focusing on the Oriental bit, that's Asian bit of the 
market, which we have dominated over a period of time with Mainland China as the anchor 
brand. 
Now Asia Kitchen is the new growth engine. Along with that, there are 1 or 2 variants because 
as you know that people want innovation. There are new players coming in and without so 
much of a legacy, even they are doing good. Gong is an example, which has been in Pune, one 
of the most profitable stores with the kind of square feet it has. Then we have gone into Asia 
Kitchens all over India, wherever there's a mall or a balance of mall, primarily mall and stand-
alones. 
And there is a new format because we need to reinvent ourselves to give the same offering. 
Vibe has become very important these days. Mainland China has been a kind of a slightly 
formal kind of place. So we had to move out because of the ecosystem changing to the Asia 
Kitchen, which Avik, my son, as he came into the business, started renovating and reinventing. 
Then the new format is Bizarre Asia. Bizarre Asia is a format which has not been necessarily 
seen in the Oriental space. It's a 10,000 square feet space. And it is a complete different kind of 
experience, which we have given to the customers either in Mainland China or in Asia 
Kitchen. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
It's the whole economy of this area where we are talking about food and beverage or any 
economy is based on experience economy. So we are trying to -- within the ambit of our own 
Mainland China being the anchorage or the fact that people know about our DNA, we are 
trying to give more innovative formats, be it Gong expansion or the Bizarre Asia, which has 
been received very well. 
Another point has been that existing restaurants of ours, which have been slightly fatigued over 
a period of 10, 12 years, which we were supposed to renovate before the pandemic, we could 
not do. So that's been a plan which has been going on very well. And the interesting part is that 
wherever we are doing a reinventing of the brand or renovation, which is in terms of changing 
the -- without changing the soul, the content and the form, making it more contemporary. 
We see a same-store growth, which is very, very good and very respectable. So these are very 
good indicators for us. I think I have broadly spoken about everything. Other brands will be 
dormant at this point of time, which we had already said, but the growth engines are going to 
be Oriental and the wet-led, which I missed out earlier, is in the form of Episode One has 
happened, Second has happened, Third is happening in Bandra. 
And we are going slow and steady. Last thing, profitable growth is something we have come 
back to. We have not believed in expansion -- mindless expansion, which we had done earlier 
on and consolidating on profitability while the revenues keep on growing slow and steady. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Charisha from Venture Growth Partner LLP. 
Charisha: 
My first question is what is the long-term vision we are seeing for this brand? And how do we 
plan on tripling the revenue in 6 years? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Avik, would you take this long-term plan, which I had already given an outline of and give a 
long-term understanding? That's my son, Avik Chatterjee. He's going to be talking on this. 
Avik Chatterjee: 
So if I'm correct, it's a brand that you're talking about is Bizarre Asia. 
Charisha: 
I mean Bizarre Asia Episode One, which we are planning on. So how are we trying to triple 
the revenue in the next 6 years? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Right. So the first thing is that wherever we have done our renovations, that has added to 20% 
to 30% of revenue jump in our current stores. So that means that is going to be one of the 
wings making -- helping us to reach that number. Apart from that, we are going to be 
increasing our footprints into modern Asian restaurants for a different TG. Like Asia Kitchen 
would be coming into malls. 
And as you know, India is now scheduled to do more than 300 new malls. And we are in talks 
with all these partner malls to have a space there and also a non-compete with most of the 
Asian spaces that we sign up with the malls. So that is going to be our growth engine number 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
1. Part from that, we're going to be doing growth engine number 2 with the brand called 
Bizarre Asia because that's the company's only all-you-can-eat buffet restaurants where you -- 
restaurant in the Asian space where you can pay one price and you get an entire Asian 
experience, so on and so forth. 
Apart from that, we have in our wet-led space Episode One, which is going to be our high 
revenue cash cow, which is going to be coming into all the youth-oriented spaces like we're 
doing another one soon in Bandra, Mumbai, which should be up and running by the next 
quarter or maybe the quarter after that. And we also are going to be expanding our brand 
Gong, which is a modern Asian restaurant. 
That's going to be coming into high footfall, high spending powered locations. And this would 
be the entire mix of our brands that would help us gauge to that number in the next 3 years. 
Charisha: 
So how are we looking at these, I mean, business models? Like is it franchisee-owned and 
company-operated? Or is it company-owned and company-operated? Plus what kind of like 
incremental ROCE and ROE are we looking at these 25 stores which are going to be up and 
running? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes, Mr. Mohta will tell you. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Madam, these -- Rajesh Mohta this side. These are for the planned restaurants, which have 
been just communicated by my directors are basically company-owned, company-operated. 
When you talk in terms of payback, when we initially do a financial evaluation, we ensure to 
get the capital payback between 3 to 5 years' time. 
Charisha: 
So apart from that incremental ROE and ROCE, which we look into? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
See, incremental ROE will all depend because initially when you start opening restaurants, 
there is a front-end pressure of the breakeven, which is extended in the current times between 6 
to 8 months because of the economic environment and spends, which you all know better. But 
yes, introductory pricing, etcetera, also plays an important role for us. But we expect that the 
ROE, which is almost to the extent of -- in 5 years' period, it would be in the range of 20% to 
22%. 
Charisha: 
Okay. Sir, payback you mentioned 3 to 5 years. So in 3 to 5 years, we are saying that we'll be 
able to reach breakeven for this year, also this capex? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Sorry, I am talking in terms of ROCE, capital employed, return on capital employed, madam. 
Charisha: 
Okay. And what is the payback period for the stores? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
See, these are ranging between 3 to 5 years, be it -- let's say, for instance, I'm talking in terms 
of an average. It depends upon individual stores, but this is the average which we work on. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Charisha: 
Okay. Also, could you highlight on the restaurant level and company level EBITDA margins? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
See, if I may, let's say, for instance, the broad number, if I look at company level EBITDA, if 
you look at, it is ranging between 22% to 25% on a company level basis. And if you look at 
the restaurant level basis on the basis of Ind AS accounting, it would be at the range of 30% to 
32%. 
Charisha: 
Okay. So this is the range which we are planning to stay on in the next few years as well? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Yes. God willing, yes, that's the target of the organization. 
Charisha: 
Okay. So any benchmarking which we are trying to keep like considering we have a lot of 
global peers, so are we trying to benchmark against them? Because I'm trying to understand 
what is the strategy for the next 5 years. Like I got the fair opinion of the management, but is 
there any particular time line in mind so that we benchmark ourselves with global peers and 
expand rigorously? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Madam, there are not too many of these global peers accepting the P. F. Chang's who has been 
expanding in the area of Orient. And unfortunately, there is not any chain which we know of, 
which has been expanding like the P. F. Chang's. So I have not actually gone in because my 
inspiration originally was a P.F. Chang's from when my aunt used to stay in U.S. and I saw 
that and if -- and they did a wonderful job of it, and then we will come to the gulf and very 
successful. 
So I would not know the numbers, so I can't comment. But I can say this to you that we've 
been here for 30 long years. We have done mistakes. We know that. But now what we are 
looking at is profitable growth. And I can only say that since we are back on track, we will 
keep on expanding the Oriental space with the anchorage of the Mainland China, the 
bandwidth that we have of around 29 chefs, our understanding of the whole DNA of this 
particular category. And the expected EBITDA, 
I can't give forward-looking numbers, but surely, our attempt would be to maintain similar 
kind of EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Zaki Nasser, an Individual Investor. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sir, congratulations on a very, very steady set of numbers this quarter. Sir, can we assume that 
for the restructured and reworked on company, this would be a kind of a benchmark quarter 
going forward, sir? That is my question number one. And my question number two would be, 
sir, we are seeing a new trend whereby the home delivery segment is moving from the low 
ticket segment to the higher ticket segment, like ITC has got into it. Taj is focusing -- has a 
new focus on it. So what are your thoughts on it, sir? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Okay. I would take that up and Avik will back me on this. So firstly, the question that you 
asked, Mr. Zaki, it is the attempt of ours to ensure that we maintain this kind of a result. And 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
obviously, the quarter is the best quarter. So I can't promise that every quarter will be the same. 
For example, the JFM, OMD being the best, that's October, November, December. JFM is 
usually not good because 28 days in the month of February. 
And you know that this is the time there are examinations and there are a bit of a headwinds 
which happen in any restaurant business. However, on the average of our understanding on an 
annual level, I think that our attempt would be to go near to the Q3 OMD. And now on the 
second part, I think that you're talking about the deliveries in which the Taj Group, Qmin or  
The Oberois, etcetera, have entered. As you would understand that since I know Taj very well, 
I'm an ex-Taj-ite, so Qmin has not been able to penetrate more than 0.1% or so of the whole 
population. Unfortunately, what happens is that deliveries become a price discovery model, 
and it is on the platform. 
So they have not gone into the platform at all. So they do their own deliveries, they send their 
own boys or the cars. So what -- that is a huge limiting factor, but Taj has got a strategy that 
we will not dilute our brand and go to the platform like a Zomato or Swiggy. 
And at this point of time, as I understand, they're contemplating, maybe they've done a pilot 
somewhere, but that is what high end, which is there. But our average order value for 
Mainland China is the highest in the industry. And there has been a respectable growth from 
the fact that we used to do only 1% or 2% of deliveries pre-pandemic. 
It's a new normal that people actually get food back home, and it is bound to grow, but we 
continue to be an aspirational upwardly mobile company wherein we are getting into people 
who are at the level of professionals and self-employed and who want to have good service in 
food at a price which is not necessarily a 5-star. 
So we're not competing at that price level, but surely, the brand value level, service delivery 
and the food, we continue to do that because you know it's -- in the -- at the end of it, if you 
don't serve a glass of Coke with a buffet or a glass of Pepsi, people change their mind. The 
kitty ladies who come in, everybody is very extremely price conscious. So while we have a 
headroom, but we don't want to go to that premium level of market. 
Zaki Nasser: 
And if I may, sir, your thoughts on Sweet Bengal and your future plans for that segment of 
your business, sir? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes. So Sweet Bengal has expanded very well. The SSG also is respectable. The point I'm 
making is that this has been a question of many investors, and we respect that. But the last time 
we had pre-pandemic, etcetera, we've gone through a lot of bandwidth issue in which we do 
have -- we will only do business which we can control back of hand. 
We are adding a few stores in Bombay and also Pune. We wish to go to Bangalore and to your 
city, Hyderabad. But the only thing is that you can't open a Sweet Bengal with one store. You 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
need to have a commissary for which you need to have karigars, you have to have a control 
mechanism, hygiene, etcetera. 
We are looking for someone to actually lead this from Haldiram over a period of time, but 
we've not been able to get the best person. So till then, Mr. Zaki, we would rather -- because 
what we see, the return on investment and the future of the Asian cuisine is much better than 
that of maybe a Sweet Bengal compared to the Asian space. 
So we would rather -- if you see the food cost of Asian food that we do is ranging between 
INR22 to INR25, wherein we understand the game, we have 29 chefs. So within -- one 
company can do so much.  
So hence, we don't want to digest and do Sweet Bengal, expand it to a level that we will have 
to have another vertical for which we need bandwidth. Given the time today, we have the mind 
space that we have, we don't want to add another load because I think in Oriental, we are in a 
very, very, very secured space, and we are continuing to surge ahead with new formats. 
However, I promise to you that -- I mean, we will definitely look at it, sir. It's a brand very 
close to our heart. I'm a Bengali cuisine, because we have a name which came in from that. So 
I promise to you that we will -- we are renovating some of them. In fact, Avik is working on a 
new model, new format because people want new things to come in without putting too much 
of money. 
You know that it's a very small store, around 250 to 300. And we will surely come back to you 
as we have the final plans of expansion. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Best wishes, sir. I am looking forward for a Sweet Bengal in Hyderabad. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sir, I wanted to understand is in last 1.5 to 2 years types, our total store count hasn't changed as 
in we have changed the mix as in we have opened more Asian cuisine and while we have 
reduced other number of stores. But given -- and our revenues has also increased, our gross 
margins have also been stable. But because of the store change, I think employee cost has gone 
up and depreciation has also gone up. So can you comment which has hurt our margins over, 
let's say, last 2 years period? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
You are right in saying so that the total count of restaurants and confectioneries has almost 
been steady. The whole idea behind the company's objective was to have profitable growth. 
Like you would have witnessed, there have been conversions of existing Mainland Chinas into 
Asia Kitchen and a couple of closures during over a period of time. This has resulted into the 
headcount numbers of restaurant and confectioneries to be same. But with the changes, the 
revenues have also grown, like Mr. Anjan reported that the same-store sales have also grown 
and overall, the revenues have also grown. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
If you look at the quarter 3 of FY '25, our same-store sales growth has been around 4.7% and 
overall revenue growth has been 9%. This is aided by the stores which have been converted 
and the new stores which have got added. As a result of addition of stores and the capital 
expenditure in the renovation as well as new restaurants, the depreciation has increased. So 
you would have witnessed we are able to maintain the EBITDA margin with an additional 
depreciation, but the returns are higher. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it. Sir, any color on what kind of steady-state margins we can expect going forward? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
See, if I may, if you would have looked at your last 13, 14 quarters, we have been into profits 
after loss. So we have been able to maintain our EBITDA margins at company level between 
20% and 25%. 
Ankur Kumar: 
So that kind of number -- and this margin includes the other income, right? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Correct, sir. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. So we expect these kind of numbers to sustain going forward? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Right, sir. 
Ankur Kumar: 
And sir, when you talked about 25 store addition, how much time that will take? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I'll take that question. Some of the delays happen because of the real estate deliveries. That's 
the primary reason. Now as you know that we're not going to be working for the real estate 
owner, we are very careful about the store metrics. And hence, for example, I'll give you an 
example that we have been suffering because Borivali Asia Kitchen, which is owned by The 
Oberoi Mall, second Oberoi Mall, has been going on for last 4 years, and they were supposed 
to deliver it 2024 mid, but for reasons best known, they've been delayed. And as we talk now, 
we've just started the fit-out. 
So considering the fact that there are -- for example, Godrej, one building, which is in for 
Gong in Pune, were to deliver it in the mid or end of, I think, December in '24. But now as we 
talk, even now, they have not been able to do this, and they've just got the OC. So it's just on 
track. So we'll start the fit-out now and it takes 3 to 4 months to do a restaurant. So majority of 
the delays actually happen because of the real estate delivery, and we are taking quality space 
at the best possible price, not getting into work for the real estate owner, which, unfortunately, 
at a point of time, we were doing. But this time, we are extremely careful. Every store matrix 
is measured. We know the pros and cons and then we get into it. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. And sir, in the last con-call, I think you guided about a single -- high single-digit 
growth this year and double digit next year. So what should we expect? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Trend should be similar, right? 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Charisha from Venture Growth Partners LLP. 
Charisha: 
Sir, I wanted to understand how are the margins different between the cloud kitchen versus 
kitchen within kitchen because both of them work on the delivery side of the business, right? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Mr. Mohta will take the question. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Madam, these are formats which operate for us. Our cloud kitchen business is very 
insignificant to the total. When we talk in terms of kitchen within kitchen, it is more to do with 
the sweating of the asset, which is available for restaurant operations. So it would be wrong on 
my part to say the efficiency of cloud kitchen vis-a-vis kitchen within kitchen because kitchen 
within kitchen is a better format for us in order to utilize the installed capacity and to have 
more revenues per square feet of operational area, so fixed cost primarily with the manpower. 
Charisha: 
Yes. So it has -- kitchen within kitchen has both dine-in and delivery, you're saying? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
That's correct, madam. 
Charisha: 
Okay. Second question, which I understand we have very less of catering business, but you 
said that we are also -- you're trying to increase that as well. So any vision on that? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes, I'll take that question. What -- over a period of time, we have realized that because of the 
offering we give from -- even if it means that less number of restaurants of Sigree Global Grill 
orders we have, we also have an Indian... 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Sorry, the call dropped. I don't know where we left off before the call dropped. We were 
talking about our catering division, speciality experiences. We've seen a very, very good 
response from what we've started a year ago. We started speciality experiences as a wing in 
Mumbai city just to test it out. And from the revenues of last year to this year, we have seen 
more than double and getting great feedback as well. 
And we have been -- now put together a focused team, which will be driving this division by 
itself. And this would add to our revenues as a parallel division alongside the other concepts 
that we spoke about earlier. 
Charisha: 
So how do we get this business? Is it like tie-ups or contracts because it's a little different, 
right, catering segment? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Correct. So the way we work is right now, we work with the HNIs. So what happens is this is 
purely on word-of-mouth marketing, heavy social events and of credibility, of course, with the 
kind of legacy that we come from. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
And the guest list. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Avik Chatterjee: 
And the guest list. So what we've seen in cities like metro cities, especially like Mumbai, 
where we've tested it out, a lot of people are having parties at their homes because of the larger 
homes of HNIs. This is the core segment and our main focal point as of now. We are not 
getting into the mass catering of, say, corporate events as of now -- as of yet. We're going to be 
penetrating the household caterings and smaller wedding functions at the most, post which we 
would be expanding into corporates and so on and so forth. 
Charisha: 
Glad to know this, sir. Thank you very much for giving a vision of catering business. So one 
more thing which I wanted to understand was, are we trying to do something on the loyalty 
side of the customers, like increasing the customer value for the overall company if they could 
do that? So are there any loyalty programs? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
At the current moment, what is happening is that we had done a loyalty program. I think we 
were the first to do this. But what we have evaluated over a period of time that even if we give 
a loyalty to our customers and do an app, which we experimented at a point of time in Andheri 
West just an app, I think that because of the platforms and people who are preferring to go 
through a dine-out or a Zomato booking where they have a Zomato Gold, etcetera, this space 
has changed.  
So they would rather go to a Zomato Gold or an offering coming in from dine-outs of the 
world. And even if we give them more discount on the -- or more loyalty points as against 
discounts, this is not working at this point of time. So we've just parked it. We've got a 
software ready. We've already interacted with the partner. But currently, we've parked it. 
Charisha: 
Got it. And how is Diageo helping us improve our base store sales? You mentioned something 
in the last con-call. Could you please elaborate a bit on it? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes, sure. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Sorry, madam, can you just post the question once again? 
Charisha: 
Yes, I was just saying like in the last con-call, you had mentioned that Diageo is helping you 
improve your base store sales by some interactive bar lounges. Could you please elaborate a 
bit on that? And how are the -- how do you see the margins of base store, that's the third one? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Sure. So number one, we've been partners since many years. And because of our strong 
partnership, we tend to gain from the kind of liquor discounts because of the bulk buying 
capacity that we have as a whole company. Usually, our formats like Mainland China and Asia 
Kitchen were pure dine-in food-centric formats, which after evolution of the brand, we have 
also made it a bar-centric format for which our beverage sales... 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Line of sight... 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Yes. So we've got in bars in the line of sight at every restaurant that we have today. So when 
you see a bar, the liquor tends to move better. And of course, with the offerings that we have, 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
that's also helping us move the liquor sales better. We've, in fact, doubled our beverage sales 
from before renovation till now. And the best part is we also have introduced bar trolley. And 
because of Diageo having a great bartending team, which comes and trains our team on 
ground, that trolley also helps us upsell the liquor between dining and zones. 
Charisha: 
Got it, sir. One last question. On the same-store sales growth and the average daily sales of 
mostly the kitchen, Asia Kitchen and Bizarre Asia and Episode One, if you could throw some 
light on that? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Madam, on our same-store sales basis, we can definitely share that during the last quarter, we 
had a growth of 4.71% -- 4.7%, which is a combined factor of all the brands which have been 
operating in the last 2 years -- quarters basically on a company level basis. 
Charisha: 
Okay. And any numbers on average daily sales, which you could mention? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
It would be difficult to give us on a same-store daily sales basis, madam. 
Charisha: 
Okay. And one just clarification which I wanted to make. You mentioned that we need a capex 
of INR3.5 crores per store and the payback would be 8 months. So is it 8 months or 3 to 5 
years? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
No, it's actually, the payback is 3 to 5 years, depending on the location, seasonality’s, etcetera, 
or any ad hoc factor in that location itself. But the P&L breakeven is between 6 to 8 months of 
the store. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anupam Jain from Indira Securities. 
Anupam Jain: 
You unanswered unfortunately. I joined a bit late. Can you give me a guidance for margins? 
So like... 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Sorry to interrupt. Could you be a little louder, please? 
Anupam Jain: 
Yes. All, you hear me now? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Anupam Jain: 
Yes. So I joined a bit late. I was wondering that can you give me guidance for FY '26 margins 
and revenue terms? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
See, what we are working on a strategy is the current trend of our growth and EBITDA 
numbers, we would work towards sustaining the same over the next couple of quarters. 
Anupam Jain: 
Okay. And revenue? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
The similar growth numbers. It would be, let's say, for instance, in single digit or early teens. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Anupam Jain: 
Okay. So I heard before that we're opening 25 new stores in the next year. And that's, sir, also 
still single-digit growth, if I'm understanding this... 
Rajesh Mohta: 
No, no. We -- sorry, Mr. Anjan mentioned that 25 stores would be in the next 2 to 3 years. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes, that's what he's saying. He's saying 3 years. 1 year -- so I'll just take this. I think there's a 
bit of a misunderstanding. See, while we would love to do 25, we would love to do, this kind 
of a business becomes very difficult in terms of the -- because the bandwidth of trained 
manpower, which has been the biggest challenge. There's so much of cash lying in the balance 
sheet in the treasury, we would love to expand much faster. So -- and the real estate delivery. I 
wish I could give you examples of the kind of levels at which we get stuck. 
And obviously, as you understand, we are not a QSR. We need -- it's not that we have started 
on a high street in a small place. It takes a little time to ensure that we have an identified space 
with footfalls coming in, either in the high street or off high street where we have our parking. 
So there are considerations coming in. So I think the total number of stores, which we have 
spoken about is with the horizon of 3 years over a period of time. 
Anupam Jain: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Then the last question would be like, okay, let's forget this year or last year, 
what numbers can I expect in 3 years from the time and what will be the landscape as a 
Specialty Restaurant as a brand image all over the pan-India? If you can throw some light on 
that, sir. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Difficult. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Yes, we could be growing in the range of between 10% to 15% every year. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
That's a bare minimum. That's a bare minimum. We don't want to be too over enthusiastic in 
saying and quoting a number. But definitely, the objective will be very simple, 25%. But then 
20% -- 15% to 20% is not something which we will accept less than that. And the idea would 
be -- see, growth, sir, is not difficult. It's not difficult to do a growth, but we have taken a 
pledge that we will do profitable growth.  
So with that pledge in mind, we would definitely form a matrix and be a little more careful 
about this because this industry, after having 30 years of going up and down and then we've 
been able to get our handle back. So with a lot of difficulty, and we want to be firm on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyum Tanna, an Individual Investor. 
Priyum Tanna: 
This is Priyum Tanna from Ahmedabad. Actually sir, I follow the company since last 3, 4 
years. But sitting in Ahmedabad, I've never experienced any of your restaurant store in 
Gujarat. So just would like to understand why you are still not very aggressive in Gujarat. So 
can you throw some light on it? 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Thank you for your patronage and the fact that you're missing the brand that's -- you have so 
much of brand love that you're missing the brand. Thank you. That is where we exist and we 
live for customers like you. Just to tell you historicals that we were in Ahmedabad and -- as 
well as in Baroda. Baroda has got shut down because this was a fence-sitter. During pandemic, 
we had to bought all the fence-sitters.  
It was going up and down. Then we came with Ahmedabad, which used to be there till recently 
in a mall called Gulmohar Mall. But as you know, the Gulmohar Mall itself has gone under 
renovation of -- for a building that they want to do a kind of residential building and the mall, 
we had to do an exit. I'll give you a good news since you are from Ahmedabad. Alpha Mall is 
being discussed, which, in fact, I would like to have a feedback whether we should be in Alpha 
Mall or not. Would you tell me whether we should be in Alpha Mall, sir? 
Priyum Tanna: 
Yes, 100%. This is one of the successful mall in Ahmedabad... 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
So fantastic. So I got your endorsement. We are in -- Nexus is the owner of that, the 
Blackstone. So I have great relationship with Dalip Sehgal and others. So we have almost 
closed it, but there is a little bit of mess in terms of the rate and cap. So we should be giving 
you a good news very soon. 
Priyum Tanna: 
Okay. And also try for the other brands also, not only for the Mainland. I would like to 
experience your other brands also. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Sir, we will do everything that you say, but slow and steady in terms of Oriental growth 
because if we make some money, then you will also get a return of investment. Because in 
Chinese, we get more money. We are starting with that. But Inshallah with your love and 
passion and blessings, we will definitely be there in Ahmedabad with some good brands of 
ours. 
Priyum Tanna: 
Sure, sure. And love to meet you once -- if you are planning to open a store, would like to meet 
you over there also, sir. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Definitely, definitely looking forward. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Raghatate from KamayaKya Wealth 
Management. Sorry to interrupt, Tushar, your voice is echoing. Could you come a little closer 
to your microphone? Since Tushar is no longer there, we will move to the next participant. 
That's Charisha from Venture Growth Partners LLP. 
Charisha: 
Sir, I am trying to understand like we are focusing mainly on Asia Kitchen, maybe Bizarre 
Asia and Episode One, these 3. So would we be diluting the -- even Sweet Bengal for that 
matter. So would we be diluting the other brands where we just have one store or we have 
insignificant revenue? 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Absolutely right. You've got it right because wherever there's a profitable understanding of the 
store metrics, for example, Sigree Global Grill, just to give you an example, there are 2 of 
them; 1 Flame & Grill -- 2 Flame & Grills in Calcutta. All of them are profitable, and they are 
very respected brands in spite of the fact that there is huge competition in the space. We will -- 
and plus we have a headroom. We can increase the prices because of quality and the range. So 
this is one. Second one, Sweet Bengal, I'll come to later. 
Second one is in the form of Oh! Calcutta, which is a growth engine. There's been almost 
double digit, more than that. In fact, it's almost 18% growth this year. That is something which 
will continue. For example, there's one coming up in Pune, and we're considering Chennai. So 
that's -- because as you know that the whole space of Indian food is not anymore a Mughlai or 
a Punjabi. People are more adventurous. 
They're going to take -- they are ready to accept more regional cuisines, besides the South 
Indian or maybe somewhere which has become popular at a point of time, the Punjabi food, 
which was originally -- which has become an Indian food now. 
So Oh! Calcutta has given us great results. So we will do it, but small Oh! Calcutta. Pune, for 
sure, very soon, the work is almost starting. It's an area, a very small one, 50 to 60 covers. We 
are reinventing the look and feel. As you understand that everybody now wants new fresh 
wine. So Avik is working on the project of reinventing them. And that doesn't take too much 
money also because it's just that we need to do certain cosmetic changes. 
We have lived for over a period of 14, 15 years in all these Oh! Calcutta’s. We need to do 
refresh it. And as you know, we have a mother brand, which has got as an extension of Oh! 
Calcutta to London, which is called Chourangi. So people do recognize us in this space. And I 
think that in given -- next couple of years, we'll have -- but it will be controlled. It will not go 
like Chinese or Asian, is much more popular than an Oh! Calcutta food. Indian, I told you 
Sigree. Oh! Calcutta, I've already given you what the outline is. 
Now coming back to the one, which is Sweet Bengal. Sweet Bengal is something which is not 
an easy business. We were not Mithaiwaalas historically. We were restaurateurs and we did 
this as an experiment, but that got expanded wonderfully. We are extremely careful about the 
hygiene and health. We are mechanizing a lot of it back end. And as we get into that, while the 
Sigree Global Grill will be dormant, Oh! Calcutta will have a 1, 1.5 expansion, and we will 
consolidate on SSG. 
And the one which you're talking about, Sweet Bengal, the next stop should be Bangalore. And 
we will do it as we get a little more confidence in hygiene and commissary and, of course, the 
artisans who make sweets. 
Charisha: 
Got it, sir. So we are mainly trying to keep the important brands, which give more revenue and 
maybe we'll dilute on the ones where we are not getting enough revenue. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Absolutely, right. Absolutely, right. 
Charisha: 
The second point, sir, I wanted to understand, are we trying to optimize cost in any way? 
Because I understand we are a premium brand, but are we having that headroom as well? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Okay. I'll take this question again. See, over a period of time, we have understood that there is 
an offering which we have been doing at the level, and we've been holding the price line and in 
very intelligent price increase, but we do understand that the peers are charging more and we 
can afford, too, because of our quality. So we are considering a small price rise, which is now 
due and because of the fact that there are tremendous headwinds on the inflation, particularly 
food. I don't need to tell you, it's all over the place. 
And the households are also suffering. They understand a chicken dish if it's costing around 
INR350 to INR400 or INR450. If we increase by INR10, INR15, it doesn't change their life. 
So that is one area. But the cost, cost we are talking about the fact that there have been huge 
amounts of costs which have gone in the repair and maintenance over a period of time.  
That whole thing is going to go down because most of our restaurants have been renovated and 
repair and maintenance will go down drastically, which we have completely that line item. We 
are focusing with all microscopes we have. 
And then secondly, we are talking about operating supplies. Most of our restaurants are ready 
now. All operating supplies have been done, and it will last us for 5 to 7 years for sure, 
excepting the replenishment of some crockery or maybe cutlery as and when required, so 
which we have in the inventory as it is in every restaurant. So these are 2 major areas we want 
to do that. 
On the food cost also, in spite of the fact that there has been an inflationary trend in the 
economy, we have -- because of our relationship with our suppliers and the contracts that we 
have, long-term ones, we've been keeping our suppliers as partners. The 30 years is not an easy 
or small time -- short time to keep relationships. People do understand and they hold the price 
line for us also because of the bulk purchase. So I can reassure you that every line item is 
being revisited, focused on and we know what is happening. 
For example, ASP, that's advertising sales promotion, we do it. There is -- because the Zomato 
and the Swiggy’s have become necessarily evil, if I may say so, because of the fact that you 
have to go to the platform. But the commission that we pay to them, fortunately, because of 
our average order value, they have been able to be contained much, much better than -- or it 
can go better. 
We are still fighting in that. And so every line item, you can reassure that -- be reassured that 
we will be looking at the input cost of this particular -- business will go down as we go upon 
scaling up. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Charisha: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for showing that confidence. So we are intact with the numbers 
that we'll triple the revenue in the next 6 years, and we'll have a 20% to 25% EBITDA margin. 
Okay, sir. And one last question from my end. You mentioned about inorganic growth as well. 
So are we looking something on that end so the impact for the numbers to the revenue in the 
next 6 years, and we have an 20% to 25% EBITDA margin? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Inshallah. 
Charisha: 
Okay, sir. And one last question from my end. You mentioned about inorganic growth as well. 
So are we looking something on that end? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Madam, it's been going on for a long, long time, and we would love to because of the fact that 
-- but unfortunately, the people who are coming to us with their memorandum, unfortunately, 
they have EBITDA minus to a debt level. I'm sorry to say this. And somehow or the other, 
we've done these mistakes. By adding an inorganic part in our body, we are organically here. 
What do we gain? We will only gain the fact that if -- either we don't have the expertise, we've 
not been able to build any brands, which is not the case. 
But we have been respectfully building brands over a period of time or if we take the brand, 
they have something on the balance sheet. So we've evaluated many of them. So we've come to 
a conclusion that at this point of time, it's better. We are capable of doing it internally. So I 
would come back to organic unless otherwise, there's something which is very attractive and 
coming on our table. 
Charisha: 
Got it, sir. Hoping for better tripling the revenues and EBITDA margins so that we get a good 
relation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Raghatate from KamayaKya Wealth 
Management. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Sir, just wanted to know your future plans on Bizarre Asia. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes, that my son will take the question of what Bizarre Asia is all about. But I'll just tell you, 
there is a concept called proof of concept, POC. Now it's not point of contact, it's proof of 
concept in this retail industry. I'm sure you know it, you track it. So proof of concept has been 
done now, just started. We've given birth to it. And going forward, this is what the plan would 
be, which I think that Avik, because it's his baby, he will be able to give you a little more light 
on that. 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Right. So Bizarre Asia, in a nutshell, is an all-you-can-eat, Asian-specific concept that we have 
conceived like rightly said by Mr. Anjan that it's a proof of concept. The idea was that this 
market seems very, very interesting and growing market for us. And we have seen a few of our 
peers who are also in the buffet rather all-you-can-eat concepts, which have grown 
phenomenally. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
But what we understood is that not many players are doing this in the Asian-focused cuisine, 
but there is a high demand for it because Asian cuisine, as you know, is not easily been made 
at homes as good as restaurants, but Indian cuisine can be mocked similar or as close to 90% 
of how you get it in the restaurants. 
But Bizarre Asia is basically a concept that resembles the streets of Shanghai, Tokyo, Bangkok 
and Malaysia, Vietnam, etcetera. It has open counters, live music. It has a liquor shop where 
you can actually walk in and pick up bottles that are in offers. So it's a very new age, new for 
the new customer, but also not pinching on the price on the pocket. 
So hence, this is what we have created soon. As soon as we understand that it has completed 
the journey of proof of concept and has proved it to us, we would be taking this to various high 
footfall locations like malls, entertainment zones, high street retail and the expansion is 
probably anywhere where there's a need for Asian food. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
I've got investors who just want to know the price range for this. What will be the price range 
in your platform in the metro cities? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
At the moment, it's INR900 to INR1,000. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
INR900 to INR1,000, all inclusive. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Got it, sir. They just want to know out of all the stores or all the restaurants you have, in the 
percentage terms, how much would be the matured restaurant? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Sorry, could you repeat that, please? 
Tushar Raghatate: 
They wanted to know as a percentage of your total restaurants which you own, how much of it 
would be a matured restaurant which are almost giving profit and with revenue and the non-
matured restaurant? As a percentage of your total. 
Avik Chatterjee: 
I could not even give this. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
See, let's say, for instance, at restaurant level, we don't have. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Got it. Sir, I could see that in North India, you don't have much restaurants over there. You 
might have some? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
All right. I'll take that question. As you understand that there is a bandwidth issue at this -- at a 
point, we thought that we will mature markets like Bombay City and Calcutta where we are 
dominating very, very strongly because return on investment is much better. But Delhi, we 
didn't have the bandwidth of manpower. We've just recruited people. And as we go in 
Northeast, completely vacant for us. We've not done anything. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
We used to have around 7 restaurants in North pre-pandemic, which we had to abort. But soon, 
you will hear good things because in Bombay, by and large, we have been able to -- with the 
kind of locked spaces that we have done, in next 6, 8 months, we will be maturing our area of 
opening, accepting a few malls which are coming in '26, '27. 
So I think that Delhi is a new focus. Inshallah, we will be able to start and give you some good 
news in the next couple of quarters. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Got it, sir. And with the Burger delivery brand, Walter Burger, so any update on that? Or like 
how are you seeing that? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Yes. So Walters was again a new brand that we created last quarter. The idea was to sweat our 
assets. For example, wherever we have an Asia Kitchen, we also have a Mainland China food 
delivery from that same kitchen as well as our delivery brand, Haka, which is at a lower price 
point. 
Now coming from that analogy, because it's been so successful and profitable for us, we 
created Walter's Burger to be delivered from the same manpower and same kitchens of our 
continental restaurants, for which we have done 3 of those delivery zones from our existing 
restaurants in Mumbai City. But we are also trying very shortly. 
We are in almost close to ending the contract with Jio Mall in BKC to have our Walter's 
Burger in the food court that they call Nine Dine. That should be up and running soon, 
hopefully. So we will see a response with the physical store for the first time with the same 
brand. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Got it. Sir, my last question. Just wanted to know like in the Bizarre Asia, the format is the 
buffet format, so doing in the range of INR900 to INR1,000, all inclusive. And in the 
Mainland, you're giving the same offering. Don't you think that these both brands will 
cannibalize your sales? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
So Mainland China is actually primarily Chinese cuisine, whereas Bizarre Asia has a lot of 
influence of Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysian and bits of Chinese. So Mainland China, apart from 
the buffet at some locations also has mainly à la carte dining, which is the highest seller for us. 
80% is à la carte. And most of our restaurants do not have a buffet offering. Hence, we thought 
that proof of concept for a place which is purely buffet would be something that could be a 
great growth engine. 
And one reason for us to be experimenting with this is because the more chain restaurants 
come in, in a single city, there tends to be brand fatigue. We do want to dominate the Asian 
space in every location of a city. But we probably think that same brand creates a fatigue. 
Hence, we want to be a part of the Asian market share of every location with various brands of 
ours. That's why we took this strategy call. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Got it, sir. Sir, liquor is what percentage of your sales as of now and any targets for that? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Liquor sales ranges between 10% to 12% of the total revenues, except in the U.S. -- on overall 
basis, it is. But on wet-led basis, it is 50% at Episode One. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Overall gross percentage with the Episodes, etcetera, yes, it will be around 15% because we 
are -- as Avik said, that we are now -- we used to be having a dispensed bar and which was 
recessed and not in the line of sight. All new restaurants, we have a fairly large line of sight 
bar, what is seen sells as you know. And then we are also doing a lot of promotions in the form 
of bottle prices. So we are working very, very hard with the trolley, which he had mentioned. 
To be on the line of sight and making liquor, the margins on liquor usually made by others is 
around 40%, 50%. I said that why taking so much margin, take legitimate margin and then go. 
So that's shown us in the last 3 months, for example, Bizarre Asia, Mezzuna in Calcutta, other 
one which is happening here, the mall, the one which is in Wakad in Pune and also in Malad, 
which we've renovated from Mainland China to Asia Kitchen, we are seeing the graph 
growing, going up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyankar Sarkar from Square 64 Capital Advisors LLP. 
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Sir, I'm relooking at the company after quite a few years, to be very honest. So just had a 
couple of questions. Sir, one thing which I'm unable to understand completely is that what is 
the need to make so many sub-brands? I mean it seems like there is a long tail. For example, at 
Café Mezzuna, right, you have only a few stores, and I've been to that store in Calcutta many 
years back, almost 7, 8 years back. So I mean, what is the need for us to dilute this way? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
See, I think you came in late. I'd explained this very clearly that we have understood that at a 
point of time, we had given birth to a lot of babies. We did not do Parivar Niyojan. So family 
planning was not done at a point of time. So what came across is that now we understand that 
which is the growth engine, which is the power brand, so we've completely changed our 
strategy. 
But sir, Café Mezzuna continues to rock with an EBITDA of in and around 15% to 18% bare 
minimum. On bad month, it is 22%. So I would not have bought anything for which we have a 
respectable bandwidth for South City and one in Forum, which we are renovating. We've got 
great relationship with the mall. 
So the rentals are low, and we are continuing to make respectable profits. And we are not 
adding any more. I can say this to you. We are not adding any more of Sigree Global Grill. But 
suddenly killing something which is giving us -- I mean, supposing Powai Global Grill gives 
us INR1.20 crores of revenue per month with a respectable bottom line. So why would I kill 
something like that? 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
But definitely, Haka, which used to be there has become a delivery brand, kitchen within 
kitchen. We intelligently brought it back because it's a price-led brand, and we have not 
expanded any one of them anymore. And these are all pre-pandemic and by the time we had 
already signed. So the brand basket is busy, looks very heavy. I completely agree with you 
your sentiments. But today, now as we talk, it's only Asian, Asian, Asian. 
You may say, why not just Asia Kitchen, but you will understand that we've reinvented. If you 
have any connections in Calcutta, please check about Bizarre Asia, what -- how it has it been 
taken in and accepted by the market. We are innovating formats by giving the same content in 
Asian. Chinese on one side, Asian is the most popular cuisine in India at this point of time. So 
we've come back to the squared one for which we built this company, Mainland China 
anchorage and the fact that we have that bandwidth. 
So this is going to be a growth engine on Oriental, which is based on Mainland China's 
existing, Asia Kitchen by Mainland China. Gong, which was given a birth, you may say that. 
It's a new brand, but still in this space, I will tell you, there are a lot of people who are just 
starting up and then giving different kinds of name, not scaling it up. 
So initially, our strategy was to scale up Mainland China. We learned a lesson over a period of 
time that no, many places we had gone to like we went to Indore, we've gone to places like 
Ludhiana, where we learned that we were too early. Now these places are getting matured. 
We've come back to our track, consolidating, trying to understand how to make a profitable 
store and ensuring that our line items actually are controlled. 
So one, we are keeping all the others normal, you will not see. But within the Asian space, you 
will see some innovations coming in because we have done what we did long, long ago, will 
not work because to be the king of the jungle, you have to kill every day, sir. So we are -- with 
my son coming in and younger brigade that he's brought in, he's getting more formats, but 
within the Oriental space. 
Everything will be confined to that, which correlates with the DNA of the company and the 
bandwidth we are capable of. 
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Perfect, sir. Sir, just one couple of follow-up question. Since you're going to be focusing only 
on Oriental, is it safe to assume that across all the brands, Oriental gives you the highest gross 
margin? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
That's correct. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes, yes. coming. See, very nicely, very good question. An Indian brand, for example, in Oh! 
Calcutta, we'll have a 30%, 32% food cost -- input cost because as you know, you being a 
Bengali maach, fish is very costly, Hilsa to everything else. Whereas when you talk about 
anything else like a noodle, the price of the noodle compared to the price of the chicken is 
much, much lower. And you have so much of noodle and you add a little bit of chicken. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
So you eat around -- you add around 50, 60 grams of chicken as against a fish, which you have 
to give a chunky 100 or 60 grams into 2. So there's a lot of food cost difference, and that's one 
of the biggest advantages of ours because our relationship with Lee Kum Kee and others, 
relationship with all the suppliers and one streamlined supply chain, which helps us very, very 
strongly. 
And hence, the Oriental Cuisine, which we were actually -- the company was bought and the 
flagship continues to be the Mainland China, and we will continue to surge ahead with this. 
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Perfect. Okay. Sir, last question. Have you given any guidance in terms of the number of stores 
that you plan to add over the next 2 or 3 years? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
25 stores. Yes. Over a period of 3 years, right? 
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Yes. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Subject to one caveat, subject to the delivery of the real estate, I think it should be probably on 
the lower side. 
Priyankar Sarkar: 
So 3 years, 25 stores? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Right. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes. 
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Starting FY '24? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
'25, '26, yes, '25, '26. Yes, '25, '26. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Dear investors, analysts who had joined our Specialty Restaurants investors call, we are 
extremely thankful to have spared your time for us to give you what strategy the company is 
going to take forward. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
