1 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: February 17, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter and Nine 
Months Ended December 31, 2024. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) read with schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call on Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024, held on Tuesday, February 11, 2025. 
 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information in your records. This information will also be 
hosted on the website of the Company at www.hmagroup.co  
 
 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For HMA Agro Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Nikhil Sundrani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
Dept. of Corporate Services-Listing 
Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543929 
To, 
Listing Department  
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra, Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: HMAAGRO 
NIKHIL 
SUNDRA
NI
Digitally signed 
by NIKHIL 
SUNDRANI 
Date: 2025.02.17 
18:44:20 +05'30'

HMA Agro Industries Limited 
                                
  1     
 
 
 
11.02.2025 
Q3FY24 Financial Results Conference Call 
 
 
HMA Agro Industries Limited 
Q3FY24-25 Financial Results Conference Call 
 
Event Date / Time: 11/02/2025, 15:15 Hrs. 
Event Duration: 13 mins 04 secs 
  
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Aman Kaushik 
Senior Associate Finance 
            
Mr. Gulzeb Ahmed 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Nikhil Sundrani 
Company Secretary 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

HMA Agro Industries Limited 
                                
  2     
 
 
 
11.02.2025 
Q3FY24 Financial Results Conference Call 
Moderator: 
 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Chris, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to HMA Agro 
Industries Limited Q3 FY2425 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants will be in the 
listen only mode, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing * and then 0 
on your touchtone telephones. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to 
handover the floor to Mr. Nikhil Sundrani, thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Nikhil Sundrani: 
 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon everyone. A warm welcome to the Q9M earnings call of HMA Agro Industries 
Limited for the period ended 31st December 2024. I am Nikhil Sundrani, the Company Secretary, and it's my 
pleasure to host this session today. I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all our esteemed investors, 
analysts, and stakeholders for joining us today. It is always a pleasure to connect with you and share the 
progress and performance of HMA Agro Industries Limited. Before we begin, I would like to mention that 
today's discussion may include forward looking statements based on our current expectation, estimates, and 
prevailing market conditions. These statements involve risks, and uncertainties, and actual results may differ 
materially. We encourage you to review our investor disclosures available on our website for further details. 
 
Joining us today on this call are Mr. Gulzeb Ahmed; CFO, Mr. Aman Kaushik; Senior Associate Finance, and 
other key members of our senior management team. Today's call holds special significance as we present the 
financial performance of our company for the quarter ended 31st of December 2024. This period has been 
remarkable marked not only by steady financial growth, but also by significant achievements that reflect our 
commitment to excellence and sustained progress. As a company we continue to navigate a dynamic and 
challenging environment with resilience innovation and strategic focus. Our dedicated to strengthening 
operations, expanding capacity, and enhancing our market presence has allowed us to achieve new 
milestones, making this quarter particularly noteworthy. 
 
At this point, while I refrain from discussing specific financial numbers, I assure that the figures we are about 
to share reflect the hard work and collective efforts of our team across all levels. To provide in-depth 
perspective on our financial performance, I am pleased to hand over the call to our esteemed Chief Financial 
Officer Mr. Gulzeb Ahmed. He will provide you with a detailed presentation of the financial results, key 
highlights, and insights into the growth trajectory of our company. Over to you Mr. Ahmed. 
 
Gulzeb Ahmed: 
 
Thank you, Nikhil. A very good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. It's my pleasure to welcome all the investors 
who has shown the interest in HMA Agro Industries Limited. Today, we are making the investor call for our 
Q3 FY24-25. I will start my small speech just to give you a brief idea about our track for this quarter. Firstly, I 
would like to bring you notice that this is a good quarter as you are expecting. We have made good significant 
revenues. We secured our clients. We have strong purchase back from our existing client, and we are also 
adding our new client in this hard situation. And I would also like to give you a small [inaudible 0:04:03] we 
have recognized as one of the highest category in the star export. Now we are having the status of 5-star 
export house recognized by the Government of India. 

HMA Agro Industries Limited 
                                
  3     
 
 
 
11.02.2025 
Q3FY24 Financial Results Conference Call 
 
Another milestone that company has achieved, we have signed the MOU with the Selangor, Malaysia 
[inaudible 0:04:24]. And this will give us strength to supply us a good quantity of our product to Malaysia. 
This MOU also bring us opportunity where we will do a joint research initiative with the government entity 
to know the market, and also this will give us strength to India and Malaysia bilateral trades, which will give 
us strong collaboration and mutual growth to both of the companies. 
 
Now, I would like to give you the financial performance overview. Firstly, we will talk about the revenue INR 
13,647.68 million in Q3, and if we talk about the 9M revenue for standalone, it is INR 34,253.25 million. If we 
talk about the revenue of consolidated, where the figure is for Q3 is INR 14,559.83 million, and the 9M 
revenue for the consolidated is INR 36,334.58 million. Now we would like to update you with the EBITDA for 
the standalone EBITDA for Q3 is INR 531.88 million, and on the calculation of 9M, the EBITDA is INR 1030.59 
million. 
 
The consolidated EBITDA is INR 579.76 million, and the 9M EBITDA consolidated is INR 1454.76 million. If we 
talk about the profit before tax, the standalone figure is for Q3 is INR 445.32 million, and the 9M figure is INR 
859.75 million. The consolidated PAT for Q3 is INR 412.66 million, and for 9M the consolidated PAT is INR 
1047.72 million. At the last, I would like to conclude my speech. HMA is trying to make a good strategy related 
to its financial performance, its procurement, its sales, and with our strong hard work and teamwork, we are 
hoping to get a good every day to grow in a strong pace, stable pace and we hope with coming quarters, our 
growth bar will be going up and up. So, I will finish my speech with this, and I will hand over now to Nikhil. 
So, Nikhil. 
 
Nikhil Sundrani: 
 
Yeah, thank you Gulzebji for your basically giving us the financial highlights. Now, I request our moderator to 
please open the session for question-and-answers, one by one. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on your touchtone telephone keypads, and wait for your turn to ask the 
question. If you would like to withdrawer your question, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. 
 
We will wait for a few moments while the question queue assembles. Thank you. 
We are waiting question queue to assemble. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * 
and 1 on your telephone keypads. 
 
Nikhil Sundrani: 
 
Yeah, Mr. Moderator, one more you can provide and if there are no questions, then we can conclude. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Sure, sir. Ladies and gentlemen if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypads. 

HMA Agro Industries Limited 
                                
  4     
 
 
 
11.02.2025 
Q3FY24 Financial Results Conference Call 
 
Nikhil Sundrani: 
 
I think, there are no questions. So we can conclude this call. 
 
Moderator: 
 
So, there are no questions now. I hand over the floor to Mr. Nikhil Sundrani for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
 
Nikhil Sundrani: 
 
Thank you, Gulzebji. Thank you, Mr. Aman for joining this call. And thank you all the analysts and investors for 
joining this call. 
 
Gulzeb Ahmed: 
 
And also Nikhil, you can mention our all financial results are updated and uploaded on the SEBI portal. If 
anyone needs any data they can fetch from the portal. 
 
Nikhil Sundrani: 
 
You can access our website. www.hmagroup.co. They are available on the website. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for 
using Door Sabha's Conference Call Service. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have a good 
day. 
 
Gulzeb Ahmed: 
 
Thank you. 
 
 
Note: 
1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
