  
 
 
BATA INDIA LIMITED 
CIN: L19201WB1931PLC007261 
Registered Office: 27B, Camac Street, 1st Floor, Kolkata-700016, West Bengal II Tel.: (033) 23014400 II Fax: (033) 22895748 
E-mail: in-customer.service@bata.com II Website: www.bata.in 
 February 14, 2025 
 
 
The Manager  
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building,  
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400051      
 
The Secretary 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Limited 
7, Lyons Range, 
Kolkata - 700001 
 
BSE Security Code: 500043 
NSE Symbol: BATAINDIA  
CSE Scrip Code: 10000003  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
      Subject:  Post Earnings call 
 
This is further to our letters dated January 21, 2025 and February 12, 2025, on the captioned subject.   
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended), 
we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Post Earnings Call (Group Call) held on Wednesday, February 12, 2025. 
 
The same shall also be made available on our website i.e. www.bata.in  
 
      This is for your information and records. 
     Thanking you, 
 
  
     Yours faithfully, 
     For BATA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
NITIN BAGARIA 
AVP (Special Projects) – Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Encl.: As Above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Digitally signed 
by NITIN BAGARIA

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Bata India Limited  
Q3 & Nine Months FY ‘25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. GUNJAN SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER  – BATA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AMIT AGGARWAL –DIRECTOR (FINANCE) & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER  – BATA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NITIN BAGARIA – AVP AND COMPANY SECRETARY  – 
BATA INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL ARORA – NIRMAL BANG EQUITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED  
 
 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bata India Limited Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*,” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Arora – CEO of Nirmal Bang Equities Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Arora. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you, Ranju. I would like to welcome one and all on this call. And I would like to thank 
the Bata Management for giving us the opportunity to host the Earnings Call for the Quarter 
Ended December '24. 
 
At the outset, I would like to introduce Mr. Nitin Bagaria – the Assistant Vice President and 
Company Secretary, to make the introduction and introduce the management. Following which 
I think the management will make some opening comments and then we will take the Q&A. 
So, thank you once again to one and all and to the management especially. And Nitin, over to 
you. 
Nitin Bagaria: 
Thank you, Rahul, and thank you, Nirmal Bang team, for putting this together. Very warm 
welcome to all of you. 
 
I have with me Mr. Gunjan Shah – MD and CEO. We also have Amit Aggarwal, who has joined 
us as a Director of Finance and CFO in December.  
 
We have shared the presentation with the stock exchanges sometime earlier today. We will be 
taking you through the same. We will navigate the slides as well as the page numbers to stay 
synchronized. On Slide number 2, we have the disclaimer. I am sure you have gone through the 
same. 
 
I now request Gunjan to take over and thank you once again for joining. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. Hi, everyone. Welcome to the call. I will now want to move to the presentation, and I will 
try and navigate through slides. 
I am on the Slide #3, which is the one with the levers: 
I have spoken about this, and we have changed the format a little for all of you, ladies and 
gentlemen. We have obviously uploaded the standard template, which gives you a little amount 
of longer-term direction, but I will want to focus on a few levers that we are trying to focus on 
to drive growth largely and some amount of efficiency/simplicity in the system, which will also 
result in better effectiveness of the business. I did talk about some of them in the last quarter also 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
and I will show you progress update against that and what are our plans wherever I can comment 
on it. The rest of the appendix has been uploaded. You can have a look at it at your leisure. 
 
Moving into the key growth levers, therefore, I am on Slide #6, which is basically talking about 
six items that I will be talking to you, the entire thing of keeping the store at the center to drive 
store growth, so both in terms of merchandising, it's become much larger than just 
merchandising, but the project is still called ZBM; and the value proposition which has also 
opened up in the last quarter; I will talk about that. 
On the portfolio front: 
Two large initiatives continue. I have been talking about it for some time. There is a lot of 
exciting work happening on it, some progress update as well as what we want to do going 
forward on Floatz and Power. And last, but not least, as I mentioned, simplicity and agility, I will 
talk about two large areas, inventory, I talked about it last time, and complexity reduction. Okay.  
 
So, moving further into the store growth levers, store at the center of whatever we do, on the 
zero-based merchandising for enhancing consumer experience and therefore resulting in 
obviously both financial as well as non-financial metric improvement in the stores. The last 
quarter, as seen, now we have exited at 17, but it's been a fast pace towards the lag end of the 
quarter and that has now spread across three towns. This quarter, we should be ramping it up 
even faster now with having the learning spread across regions, the template set in terms of the 
playbook of how we want to roll it.  
 
The gains continue, as you can see in the graphs below, as well as some of the metrics, both net 
of control. So, the rest of the network, as well as in isolation per se. So, lines in these stores have 
reduced by almost 60%. Sales per square foot have actually gone up. And because this has 
resulted in significant inventory reduction along with lines at, as you can see, 0.628, so 38% 
reduction, the ROIC on these stores has gone up. It's also over a period of time. Now we have 
seen it for almost 12 weeks of consumer data, etc. 
 
It's resulted in now some kind of footfall increase net of control, as well as much better consumer 
experience signified by two metrics out here. The first one is retrieval time, I think it's a big part 
of consumer experience. The network is then an average of two minutes. These stores are now 
at 45 seconds. And the NPS of these stores is under 300 basis points better than the rest of the 
network. So, progress continues. I would have wanted a much larger part of the network going 
in. This quarter I think we should see a significant explosion, because now we have set the trainer 
model as well as the playbook, which will help us roll across the wide part of our network. Our 
objective is to take the Pareto stores in first and therefore have an outsized impact from a like-
for-like store growth. 
 
The second one, it's a new topic that I have brought in. It's been in the works for the last about 
two, three months. This is just one manifestation from an example point of view, but focused 
towards our core categories. The one that I am showing you here is the ladies category. We have 
done it in a few stores, basically collapsing price points. In a way, also using that to get in value 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
proposition wherever applicable. So, as you can see, there were 11 price points in this category, 
which is called ladies closed. It has been crashed for ease of decision-making for consumers to 
only three price points. That has resulted in a significant explosion in terms of pairs growth from 
these stores, as well as a commensurate impact on turnover. The other key marker that we have 
kept it, does it help us in an absolute gross margin? And that right now has shown some kind of 
a positive indication, as you can see in the pilot on the left. 
 
What does that do? It obviously, as I said, the price point reduction is to three per store for that 
category that we have talked about, as well as, as I said, comes out from competition 
benchmarking, etc. We want to also now fine tune in terms of how do we make sure that the 
right kind of call-out happens to consumers. That's still in fine tune working, as well as in terms 
of store windows, etc., as you will see going forward. So, good for this thing, but this should 
scale up much faster, because this does not result in, unlike zero-based merchandising, the whole 
store gets re-overhauled. It's not just the range, but also the visual cues, the visual merchandising, 
as well as the fixtures in the stores have been simplified. In this case, it's just a question of 
changing the price point, collapsing them across the portfolio products, which can be done 
digitally. So, we should see a full-scale sold out of a few select categories, starting with ladies 
in this quarter, and hopefully the overall impact on the network because of that, as we have seen 
in the pilot. 
 
Moving to the next one from a portfolio perspective, I will talk to you about two specific ones: 
 
One is Floatz, continues the momentum, continues leading our growth by a mile. We 
are now also getting into some kind of simplicity in terms of how we communicate 
our entire Floatz portfolio. It's now become, in many stores, contributing to almost 8% 
to 10% of turnover, significantly accretive from a margin perspective. Obviously, we 
have worked on backend efficiencies on this as the volumes go up and the economies 
of scale kick in. We did have some slight amount of supply disruption in the quarter 
that went by, and now the volumes are pretty large. But it's got smoothed out towards 
the end of the quarter in December, and January onwards is back to normal. We have 
also launched obviously the new collection, Dual Density being one, which is a 
technology-driven product, which is Dual Density with a differential proposition for 
the outsole compared to the in-sock. 
 
And the second one that has been also the collab, which is with Marvel and Disney. A 
large part of it will get scaled up in this quarter, and it's giving us exciting results. We 
are very excited with it. So, Disney will get scaled up, as you can see. We will also 
obviously have a big build up towards the summer and the monsoon, which is when 
this category starts seeing the crest coming through. So, good momentum and should 
continue going forward. As I mentioned to you all last quarter, Floatz was the fastest 
to Rs. 100 crores plus, and that's what we saw in the calendar year, and we will 
hopefully want that momentum to only continue going forward. 
 
The other one was Power in Athleisure and driving overall growth. Our second largest 
brand, after Bata continues to grow faster, led by volume growth, almost close to 
double digits last quarter, and was backed by obviously new launches, Easy slide as 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
well as Stamina. Easy slide has been a great roaring success. It's at two times the ASP. 
And we are now widening the range in terms of color options as well as design options. 
 
The earlier one was a little more basic, and that's giving us good, exciting results. Stamina is the 
other one, which is the running and the walking shoe of ours. And that is also giving us an 
accurate ASP as well as results. We are also consolidating the seven EBOs that we had opened. 
That is now the focus is towards driving trading density and a certain throughput that we want, 
which is accretive to overall network, and therefore shows the viability of this network before I 
start expanding this further. But the turnover as well as the trading density has improved last 
quarter. 
 
The last section on this key lever in my presentation is on simplicity and agility. And if I can 
move you to slide number 14, so this is the progress that we have managed to achieve. I think 
we will see a little more going forward, 33% reduction in the planned range for a store, right? 
That's the first quadrant that you see on the top left. That also reduces clutter. Now the difference 
between the first and the bottom quadrant on lines is that even discontinued lines, etc., how are 
we making sure that the store gets decluttered out. So, a focused work towards clearing them, 
maybe even aggressively discounting, but getting them out, because they are not large quantities, 
but they clutter the store and the consumer choices, etc. 
 
So, both the planned range is coming down as well as the number of lines in a store at any point 
in time are coming down. We will want to see a lot more reduction going forward, and I will 
keep updating you on that. But parallelly, while we have done that, and as even my commentary 
in the press release plus the subsequent chart will show, is that while the inventories have been 
tightened even further, our availability has actually gone up. And that's because we have brought 
in simplicity, the number of lines that we are measuring for and promising availability to stores 
and therefore consumers. 
 
So, it's at 20 points extra than where we were earlier. And within that, the top articles are at 20 
points extra. Overall availability keeps inching up further. I think there is still some mile to go 
on it. I think this can go up by at least another 10 percentage points on both these availabilities 
as we keep pushing this forward. This is backed by obviously a lot of complex work that's 
happening in terms of back-end supply chain, front-end logistics, etc. 
 
Moving you to the next chart on Slide #15, yes, on absolute inventory, I talked to you last time, 
pleased to share with you that despite literally our highest availability and some of the progress 
I talked about, this is the lowest inventory that we have in our system for now going backwards 
eight quarters. So, it's a good mix to get in. Low inventory, high availability, reduced complexity, 
and also backed by lowest or lower agent inventory. 
 
I think agent inventory can go down even further. So, it's been now almost two to three quarters 
of continuous progress, also results in obviously lesser clutter at the stores. Backed by, as I said, 
better demand planning, supply chain and logistics, forecast accuracy is one of them, which is 
leveraging the technology tool that we have put in place called high performance merchandising, 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
which I talked to you all in the previous quarters. Results in better stock turns and therefore 
inventory base, so this is the financials we show on the balance sheet. 
 
So, that covers all the specific highlights, areas that I wanted to talk to and share with you all. 
There are some more other key highlights. We did cross the landmark of 600 stores on franchise. 
This was less than about 100, till about three years back. So, it's been a big journey or explosion. 
Northstar and Bubblegummers were the other brands that actually did relatively much better in 
an overall muted quarter. We also saw volume growth after some time, even for the year, as well 
as for the three months of the quarter that went by, and we want to keep continuing that. 
 
Some of the initiatives that I have talked to you that we want to see volume-backed growth 
coming through. We also saw some category as well as key retail outlets expansion in the 
distribution business. E-commerce show addition of quick commerce, Zepto got activated and 
the others are in the pipeline at the right time. We got awarded for some franchise brand. We did 
land up doing campaigns. The festive campaign with Kartik Aaryan did go live. Jim Sarbh for 
Hush Puppies and Vir Das is the brand ambassador for Hush Puppies. So, you will hear a lot 
more of that. Vir Das incidentally hosted the Oscars wearing Hush Puppies this year. 
 
With that, I come to the end. We have a chart on financials, which I will want Amit to comment 
on, which is Slide Number 18, and then we can open up for questions here. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Revenue from operations stood at Rs. 918.5 crores, which represents 
1.7% value growth. Gross margin at Rs. 515.6 crores, which is improvement by 17 bps over the 
last year gross margin. EBITDA margin at 22.7%, which also expanded by 141 bps, and while 
the reported PAT is about Rs. 582 million, which is flat. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Before exceptional, I forgot to mention, we did incorporate in the quarter that went by one-time 
exceptional item, which was on VRS related to one of our south factories. So, while I think four 
quarters back, if I remember right, we had taken in the closure of the Bangalore factory. This 
one was, partial VRS for a certain section of workers, which was amounting to about roughly 
Rs. 11 crores, yes. So, that we had taken incorporated. So, the PAT obviously is after that. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Shall we open the line for questions? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) The 
first question comes from the line of Ankit Kedia with Philip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, my first question is on zero-based merchandising. Last quarter, we had given a target of 100 
stores by December and 250 stores by March '25. We are still at around 17 stores in the 
presentation for December. So, we are behind that target. So, any challenges in executing zero-
based merchandising? 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. Hi, Ankit. Thanks for that. Yes. You are right. And that's what we had set out ourselves. I 
think, unlike the other initiative as I mentioned even in my call or presentation that this one 
requires a lot. And what we have realized, as we mature this entire thing and understood 
consumer feedback, the store understanding of what's happening, why are they doing better, etc., 
we realize that three, four things go together. So, it's not just initially, it started off and which is 
like the project is called zero-based merchandising, but it's much broader than just 
merchandising. 
 
So, now we are not only making sure that the range is curated, the voice of the store is brought 
out and therefore the relevant consumer cohort. But then making sure that simplicity comes 
through all across, right? So, the communication cues, how do you say the visual merchandising 
that we put, the number of fixtures, so for example, at least the first set of stores that I remember 
clearly, there were the gondolas, etc., were to an extent of about eight gondolas. After the entire 
exercise went through, the gondolas were reduced to four, but simultaneously the seatings went 
up and we had basically about eight seatings and that went up to about 13 or 14. So, all of these 
were physical changes. 
 
So, I think a combination of the physicality of the change and simultaneously the question of 
training the trainers, because now we are spreading across, it was earlier limited to one city, I 
think is what took time. Now as I mentioned, I think the progress that we have seen between Jan 
and Feb also, I am pretty confident we should get back to the earlier plan, albeit with a lag of a 
quarter or a few months. 
 
One other piece, Ankit, just to let you know, this also is teaching us new muscles, which we 
hitherto were not doing, and which is a relevantly best practice, which is making sure that we 
are able to suck out stocks out of stores on change of season, right? 
 
And I think that also leads to the other piece that I talked about, which is decluttering. So, all of 
these combined together, Ankit, yes, so you are accurate in your comment. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, so, in the overall, say, by end of FY '26, will we be able to implement zero-based 
merchandising across the COCO stores first? 
Gunjan Shah: 
It will be focused on COCO stores primarily, Ankit. So, the '25-'26 year will be fully focused on 
that. I don't have a number to give you right now, but the objective and endeavor would be to 
cover Pareto turnover contribution stores within such a long time period, right? We are right now 
focused towards making sure that the top 50% turnover, and which is what the 250 stores, 300 
stores ballpark gets us there, is where we want to first ramp it up. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. Sir, my second question is, on the whole, the value proposition. At least in the example 
you have shared, we have, exited the Rs. 499, Rs. 599, Rs. 699, the entry-level price points. Is 
that the right way to look at it? While from 11 price points, we have moved to 3 price points in 
the women's closed footwear, but a big chunk of the entry-level footwear we have exited, right? 
So, how does the customer behave in that? If a customer wants Rs. 599-Rs. 699 price point, it's 
not there in the store, so they move out to competition. How does that play out? 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. No, Ankit, very perceptive question. This was an example to just highlight the piece that 
I wanted to message out of this was, clear out price points. As you can see, the pairage is faster 
than turnover. So, obviously, people are getting much better value proposition, right? Now the 
example out here, I have given it to make it simpler, but it will be depending on consumer cohort. 
So, if, for example, I am in a relatively premium mall in, let's say, Mumbai, right, I will want to 
make sure I curate the price points accordingly, but tomorrow for a store that I have, let's say in 
a Meerut, I will have a very different, but they will still have three price points, right, across the 
three silhouettes, and that's where maybe the Rs. 599 becomes now the critical price point, and 
all products within the flat ballerinas now congregate towards that. So, I hope I have been able 
to answer you. But yes, right now, optically, your comment is right, but that's not how it's panning 
out. It will depend on the consumer cohort. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Understood. And my last question is on the volume growth. So, till the first half, our volumes 
were negative for YTD. You made a comment that for nine months, we have become positive 
on volume growth. So, what changed in this quarter in terms of MBO traction, in terms of entry-
level price points, the value proposition? Where is the volume growth coming from? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. So, three things, and some of these are, as I mentioned that, we want to reinforce these, 
etc., but three things that would have driven. One is that it's the volume growth is across channels 
of us, right? So, whether it's franchise, even the MBO, right? We saw volume growth better than 
the value growth. 
 
The second piece is that we have also leveraged, and obviously set up the entire execution 
calendar for EOSS much better. So, that did help it along also. And the third piece is obviously 
some of these areas, which I have given you some example of value proposition. We will want 
to make sure it comes across several core categories, where you feel that consumers are looking 
for value, and as I mentioned, they're pinched for inflation. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Understood. Thank you so much, sir, all the best. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you, Ankit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Videesha Sheth with Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Hi. Good evening. I hope I am audible. Just one question from my side is, you have not added 
any stores this quarter. So, anything that you'd like to call out over here on the store addition 
momentum going forward? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. No, Videesha, you are right. The net additions have been flattish. That does not mean that 
we have not added. Gross additions have been there, I think, in normative numbers. But what 
we have aggressively also done, and I think a lot of work that was being put in by the team for 
the last about six-nine months, is that finally they come home to roost, so that we have also 
closed unprofitable stores, right, stores, which were diluting from, let's say, like-for-like growth 
within the town, etc., etc. So, combination of non-profitable stores, as well as taking away or 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
splitting out the like-for-like, a lot of that has happened. I think that's a progress that we will 
keep doing. There's also a framework that we have put in place for tightening it. So, my sense is 
it will be there for another quarter or so, but then the gross additions will keep happening. 
Eventually, net will start taking over. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Okay. And the net addition, once the momentum improves, should it return to the earlier run rate 
of 30-40 stores per quarter? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, yes, absolutely. On the EBO front, including franchise, for sure. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Understood, understood. And just one clarification on the earlier conversation around zero-based 
merchandising. These Pareto-based stores, they would be contributing to what percentage of 
overall revenue that you are looking to roll out zero-based merchandising? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. I don't have ready numbers, Videesha. I am sure the team can share it with you. 
Videesha Sheth: 
I can get that. I can get that. 
Gunjan Shah: 
But the Top 100 stores that we will want to first attack should be contributing to about 25% of 
our turnover. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Understood. Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you, Videesha. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Gaurav Jogani with JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you for taking my question, sir. And also, congratulations on finally, the cost leverage is 
starting to work out and good work on that. So, my question is again with regards to the gross 
margins here. While we have seen that there are higher sales on the USS bid and also volume 
growing faster, so, what really has helped the margin expansion on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Gunjan Shah: 
I will ask Amit to answer that. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Hi, Gaurav. So, in terms of the margin, the overall gross margin has expanded by 17 bps. This 
has come on account of a couple of things. One is tightening of the way we source the product 
as well as in-house manufacturing. Both of them have been more efficient, plus, the second 
aspect is in terms of overall the sales from discounted products have been slightly on the lower 
side. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Versus year-on-year, the other piece, Gaurav, is that some of this, at a gross margin level, the 
fixed cost of IHM that has been worked upon for the last now almost two-three years is finally 
getting to count, right? So, the factory that we took closure about a year, year and a half back 
that I mentioned in my opening call in Bangalore, etc. So, finally, all of that is obviously 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
benefiting also in addition to some good work in terms of utilization and fixed cost in factories 
that Amit mentioned. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Yes. Sir, just one follow-up here. As the proportion of the franchise stores are increasing and 
mathematically, the gross margins for the franchise stores should be lower. So, going ahead, 
what kind of margin expansion thought process should be there in the gross level? Because 
ideally, as the network of the franchise stores would increase, the gross margin should be lower. 
Am I right in my thinking? 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, you are right in your thinking. Mathematically, that is how it works. So, you are right and I 
have commented on this in the past, right? We actually hold the business lines and the business 
units, which is SBUs for franchise, COCO, etc., to their sequential gross margins. When we are 
looking at combined together, right, we look at it basically at an EBITDA level, right? So, at that 
level, basically both of these get neutralized, and their franchise is significantly more accretive. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. And, sir, on the Power part, now we have seven stores odd that we have Athleisure as these 
are kind of model stores. So, any further updates you can give how the performance has been 
for these seven stores and how do you plan to take these ahead? 
Gunjan Shah: 
So, Gaurav, there is a lot of feedback that's there, right? I mean, it's not as if I have just put in 
the summary output of it. Obviously, the numbers show that there is progress happening. Are we 
satisfied with where we are? No. And which is why the task with the team right now is to still, I 
need more improvement on trading density, which is the productivity of these stores. Because 
now we have got a critical mass from our ability to drive a network, drive some merchandise, 
etc. There are many learnings. Like, for example, how much do we give space as well as 
highlight NFT, including apparel? I think there is some way to go on that, right? 
 
Also, the fact that what is the way in which we can get in, let's say, much easier, price point as 
well as clarity to consumers, the store offers us much better things. We can also, because the 
store is dedicated only for Power, the kind of merchandise, the kind of options that I need to 
show, which is differentiated from otherwise the rest of the network of mine, is also something 
that there is way to go. So, there are enough levers to push this further, but the prime driver will 
be trading density. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, just a follow-up to this is, because of the learning that you have in Power, are you also 
contemplating to take other brands also to this route? Like how you have done also for Hush 
Puppies, driving separate EBOs for them, and then the overall performance kind of picks up and 
also drives premiumization for you. So, are there any other brands that you think you can take 
out and expand on this EBO basis? 
Gunjan Shah: 
So, Gaurav, I have spoken about this. We have got to be choiceful in doing this, right, because it 
can very easily start detracting efforts from the core, and the core will be to make sure that 1,250 
store Bata banner keeps growing, right? But yes, for future, we are, and that's the whole objective 
of why we are doing this in Power. The other one that I have talked about is Floatz. So, there 
also we have got almost about 15 to 20 doors, and there, again, we have reached critical mass. 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
We need to make sure there we are also getting them to a certain level of trading density and 
profitability before we start expanding it further. They are also tests of creating a separate 
consumer cohort for these brands by themselves standalone. So, yes, that's where we stand right 
now. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you, sir. That's all for me. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you, Gaurav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sameer Gupta with India Infoline. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone, and thanks for taking my question. Sir, wanted to understand Bata 
as a brand. What is the contribution currently and how it has trended over time, let's say, pre-
COVID versus current? Now, why this question is because there is a belief that the contribution 
has decreased significantly, and if that is so, what are the reasons? Is it specific to certain 
categories like formals or women's? Some color on this aspect will be helpful, sir. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. And I am assuming you are asking from a much longer horizon, Sameer. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes, right. 
Gunjan Shah: 
So, I might not have the numbers handy, but, Sameer, we can definitely see how I can share it. 
So, there are two-three phenomena that are there, right? There is a sneaker as well as the Hush 
Puppies on the premium, which has outpaced overall, right? So, that has gone up in contribution. 
From a Bata EBO perspective, right, and including within that, there has been a migration 
towards the more relevant variants of Bata, which is Bata Comfit, right, Bata Red Label, as well 
as Floatz by Bata, right? Now, obviously, are on the slightly more premium side, and premium 
has been doing better, and which is why we are now wanting to strengthen the core, and I think 
the consumer is ripe right now to offer the kind of action that we are talking about, right? Give 
clear choices, but give solid value to them, and hopefully get that traction converted in an 
absolute manner in terms of better trading volumes. 
 
The other piece that is separate outside the EBO, which has also unfortunately gone through 
some of it, and I have commented on it, is the price point that was 500 and below, especially 
post-GST and the inflation, etc., in the NBO business. Now, we are hoping that that also turns 
around at some point in time. Last quarter, saw some early signs, but we will have to wait and 
see whether it's secular. So, that's where the broad trends are. So, I think the Bata core broadly 
stands where it is. The premium as well as the sneaker part has outgrown, and the massy piece, 
which was the 500 and thereabouts, is what has de-grown contribution-wise. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Secondly, sir, the top-line growth of 1.7%, and what I have noticed is that you typically 
have a COCO and then a franchisee NBO, where you typically sell, you know, outright at a 
margin. So, if, let's say, the proportion of franchisee increases, this kind of also depresses the top 
line. So, can you give a number on a consistent basis, and for this quarter, adjusted for franchisee 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
or, let's say, consumer level, what kind of growth is happening in the turnover? That would be 
very helpful, sir. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. I get what you are saying, Sameer. I don't have an answer right now. We will try and get 
back to you. What you are basically saying is that at a consumer price level, right, what would 
be the right apple-to-apple comparison on turnover, right, rather than the, you know, the 
wholesale price or the outright price at which franchise or e-commerce guys are buying it. Yes? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes, that is true. I mean, just the no effect from the mix of channels changing, that would be 
great, sir. Yes, and thirdly, sir, this employee cost, what would be the impact of VRS? Let's say 
VRS wasn't there this quarter. How much this number would be on employee cost? 
Gunjan Shah: 
It is not at the employee cost. It has been brought out separately at Rs. 11 crores in exceptional 
items in the P&L. 
Sameer Gupta: 
No, no. So, what I mean is that you would have given a VRS to your employees. Otherwise, you 
would have given them salaries, right? So, if this VRS was not there, typically just trying to 
model this over the next few quarters. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. Amit? 
Amit Aggarwal: 
So, it would be about Rs. 2.5 crores per annum. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. That's all from me. I will come back in the queue. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you, Sameer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Tejas Shah with Avendus Spark Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
Hi, Gunjan. Thanks for the opportunity. And first of all, thanks for sharing more insights and 
improving transparency quarter after quarter. So, first question is the 17 stores that we have 
migrated to zero-based merchandising. Apart from the NPS improving, which you spoke about, 
which is a subjective outcome, revenue per square feet has just improved by 7%. Seven is now 
a good number looking at macro construct. But the kind of base that we have in some of those 
stores, I am assuming, with the kind of servicing that we are improving, would you have a higher 
goal seek in such effort? 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, we would, we would for sure, Tejas. And the piece that we are looking at also, and this is 
one of the reasons that I responded to one of the earlier questions on why we got delayed, was 
to make sure that we capture all the learning, because we cannot do one such a large network 
rollouts again and again. So, we wanted to take a few more weeks and maybe actually a month 
and more to make sure we capture the full learning on this and therefore making sure that our 
ability to get the transition going. 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
So, just to give you one example of it, right? One of the stores that we expanded from 9 to 17 or 
whatever, right, we actually sucked out the stocks, but we have not put in the fresh stocks 
sufficiently. And we actually lost sale for a week, and which is criminal, right? A week out of 52 
days, the store's profitability get impacted. Now, those are the kind of things that we are wanting 
to make sure that we fine-tune and tighten, and which should basically give us multifarious 
impact. Similarly, the visual merchandise piece, the number of communication messages that 
you are giving, the fixtures that you are putting on the floor and cluttering the floor, etc. So, all 
of that has gone through an overhaul, and which is what we will hope will get us even better 
than 7%. 
Tejas Shah: 
Got it. And then zero-based merchandising, is it similar to theory of constraint, or is it different 
from that? 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, theory of constraint is a supply chain item, in my mind, Tejas. The zero-based merchandising 
is working from a consumer experience perspective. It makes the consumers' choices easier, 
bring out the story that you want to bring out to consumers much better, reduce the clutter, and 
simultaneously, as I said, bring the voice of the store into the whole system of Bata. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sure. And now second is, Floatz seems to be delivering an outlier performance. Something is 
clearly working there. Can you share more insights? And can we kind of extrapolate that learning 
or experience, whatever we are doing there, to other brands or other formats? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Our endeavor is in that direction. On the slightly more elaborated discussion seems like an open-
ended question, but your question is right. Tejas, we can do that offline. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sure. And lastly, see, in the last three years of your tenure, you have addressed multiple gaps in 
products, service, supply chain, but the brand gap remains. So, in one of the earlier questions, I 
think, it was also alluded in this direction, but aside from Hush Puppies, which of the brands 
truly resonate with the urban premium consumer, like, whoever is on the call. For Athleisure 
brand, do you think there is enough brand gap that you have bridged in terms of what urban 
premium urban consumer wants? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. No, so there are different, I mean, basically the point is that we have to focus on our core 
consumers, and therefore different brands have to play that role. And which is where we are 
seriously focused on, right? Can we do better? For sure, right? Can we bring in more sharper 
choices? For sure, right? Can we become more trendy? For sure, right? But we will want to stay 
focused to the core consumers and the core brand. And therefore, the proposition that we want 
for those consumers. Now, can the Bata brand straddle all consumers together? I don't think so. 
 
And we will have to figure out and you rightly said Hush Puppies targets a different clientele 
and a cohort and you want to keep enriching and focusing on that and I talked about a couple of 
initiatives on that front, on the brand front, but simultaneously, the reason that even in the 
previous discussion, we are talking about seeding and putting a lot of effort behind seeding, let's 
say, a Power as well as the Floatz, is towards trying to see whether we can straddle and use 
different brands in our portfolio to straddle different sets of consumers. Similarly, Nine West is 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
an area in that direction. You will have to be also mindful, Tejas, on how much do we want at 
any point in time. Because as I said, the core is to make sure that Bata keeps growing. 
Tejas Shah: 
Perfect. And just last one on that. Has Power been an aspirational brand in any of your other 
countries? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Sorry? 
Tejas Shah: 
Has Power, as a part of Bata portfolio, has it been a very successful brand in any of the other 
countries? 
Gunjan Shah: 
I cannot comment on that, but India is one of the largest markets for Power. 
Tejas Shah: 
Okay, okay. That's all from my side, and all the best for coming quarters. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you, Tejas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Awais with Sundaram. Please go ahead. 
Awais Bakshi: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, Awais. 
Awais Bakshi: 
Sir, one quick question. When I look at our current performance and compare it with the pre-
COVID, which is June '19 to December '19, on an absolute basis, we have seen 11% kind of 
revenue growth. Also, if I look at the gross margin, while it has come down on a percentage 
terms, absolute basis, we have again seen growth here. But when I look at the PBT, or for that 
matter, PBT margin, there is a sharp deterioration from 17% in the pre-COVID quarters, nine 
months, to now around 9% run rate. 
 
So, firstly, I just wanted to get some sense that am I correct in my understanding that whatever 
incremental CapEx, which we have done during this period, in terms of adding stores, etc., we 
have not seen that contributing materially to the bottom line as of now. And if that understanding 
is correct, can you help me understand how long you see the gestation period is before that start 
giving us incremental benefit? 
 
And can we reach that pre-COVID pivot margin given whatever business structure we have 
changed? Your sense on these things would be helpful. Thanks. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. Awais, it's a very large question that you have. And obviously, we have got to go back 
data points and things that we will have to also look at where the comparative is apple to apple 
in terms of exceptional items, etc., because we have been also taking a lot of long-term structural 
calls, which are good for the business and we are pretty confident and we keep tracking the 
business cases whether it's ERP implementation, whether it's the high performance 

 
Bata India Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
merchandising or the kind of ERS on IHM, etc., which is obviously going to give us multi-year 
benefits on operating costs. 
 
But either ways, I think your broad commentary whether the numbers might, we will have to 
check for, but the commentary is to do with how much have we managed to leverage in terms 
of cost structures versus the top line, and the answer lies on two phases, right? One is that I think 
we would like to see much more top line leverage. So, a lot of the focus of the organization is to 
get the top line going further. 
 
I am pretty confident with the cost structure that I see underlying, right, once we are able to get 
like for like growth and therefore overall top line leveraged, we should be able to see significant 
leverage coming through in the direction that you have looked at in terms of PBT margins. 
Awais Bakshi: 
Sure. I would want little bit sense on the numbers, but maybe we can take this offline if that is 
okay, yes. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay, Awais. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Nitin Bagaria for closing 
comments. 
Nitin Bagaria: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining once again. It was lovely interacting with you all as always. 
We look forward to connect again. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Bata India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Disclaimer: While we have made our best attempt to prepare a verbatim transcript of the proceedings of the Earnings’ Call, 
however, this may not be a word-to-word reproduction 
