 
 
Ksolves India Limited (Formerly known as Ksolves India Private Limited) 
Registered. Office.: 317/276-Second floor, Lane No.3, Mehrauli Road, Saidulajab, Saket, New Delhi-110030,  
Corporate Office: C-28,29, Second floor, C-Block, Smartworks, Tower -D, Logix Cyber Park, Sector 62, Noida, UP - 201301 
Telephone No: 0120-4983851 Email Id: cs@ksolves.com Website: www.ksolves.com   
CIN: L72900DL2014PLC269020 
 
 
Date: January 28, 2025 
 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Listing Compliance 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Subject: Transcripts of Post Earnings Conference Call- Q3 & 9M FY25. 
 
Ref: Reg. 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543599; NSE Symbol; KSOLVES; ISIN: INE0D6I01015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
attached herewith the transcripts of Post Earnings Conference Call- Q3 & 9M FY25. 
 
 
        
For Ksolves India Limited 
 
 
Manisha Kide 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANISHA KIDE
Digitally signed by MANISHA 
KIDE 
Date: 2025.01.29 13:05:10 +05'30'

 
 
 
KSOLVES INDIA LIMITED 
 
Q3 & 9M FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Management Team 
 
Mr. Ratan Srivastava - Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Manish Gurnani - Chief Technology Officer 
Mr. Umang Soni - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q3 and Nine Months 
FY'25 Post Earnings Conference Call of Ksolves India Limited. Today 
on the call from the management team we have with us, Mr. Ratan 
Srivastava, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Manish Gurnani, 
Chief Technology Officer; and Mr. Umang Soni, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to quickly run us through the 
investor presentation for the quarter that went by, giving us the 
business and performance highlights for the quarter and nine months 
ended December 2024, their growth plans and vision for the coming 
year, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Over to the management team. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you, Vinayji. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, we 
are here to present our investor presentation for quarter three 2025. I 
will hand over this call to Umang, who is our CFO. He and Manish 
will go through PPT. And then, I will come back again for the 
question-and-answer round. 
 
Over to you, Umang. 
 
Umang Soni: 
Thank you, Ratan, and good day everyone, and a very warm welcome. 
We appreciate you all taking the time to join us for quarter three and 
nine months FY '25 earnings call. So let me now take you through our 
quarterly updates. 
 
So Ksolves continues to excel as a global IT solutions provider with 
12 years of expertise. Our team of talented 539 professional serves 
150-plus clients across 30-plus countries. We continue to maintain a 
strong international focus with 77% of our revenue coming from the 
overseas markets. 
 
North America remains our largest overseas market, followed by 
Europe, Australia, and rest of the world. And domestic business 
contributes 23% of our total revenue. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
And as a testament to our clients' trust, over 80% of our revenue 
comes from repeat customers. And during first nine months of FY '25, 
our top five clients contributed 39% of our total revenue, while top 10 
clients accounted for 52%. Next. 
 
So, we also maintained strong synergies with the leading tech 
partners, including Adobe Bronze Solution Partner, RedHat Business 
Partner, AWS Partner, Odoo Gold Partner, and Salesforce Summit 
Partner. This partnership has strengthened our capabilities and 
credibility. 
 
Also, this quarter marks a significant achievement as we have 
surpassed ₹100 crores in revenue during first nine months of FY '25, 
matching our full year revenue of FY '24. And along with that, we 
have also maintained a remarkable 30% plus year-on-year revenue 
growth, our 15th consecutive quarter since listing, which demonstrates 
our robust growth trajectory and a strong foundation. 
 
And now so our key financial updates during the quarter to align our 
key management with long-term goals of the company. We have 
granted 60,000 stock options, representing 0.5% of our current 
outstanding share capital as a part of our 2.5% ESOP pool. And 
additionally, the Board has approved 1:2 stock split, subject to 
shareholders' approval to enhance the liquidity of the share. 
 
Now quickly, let me run you through our financial performance in the 
next slide. We have achieved impressive year-on-year growth during 
the quarter. Revenue, we have achieved 33% year-on-year growth. 
PAT, we delivered 15% year-on-year increase. EBITDA, we have 
registered 17% year-on-year growth. 
 
ESOP adjusted EBITDA, because this was the first quarter, we have 
recognised ESOP expenses. So, if we account for that, then our 
EBITDA has showed a 20% year-on-year growth. And EPS, we 
recorded a 15% year-on-year growth. 
 
So now our consolidated quarter three revenue stood at ₹37.70 crores, 
reflecting 8.3% sequential growth, and PAT increased to ₹10.32 
crores during the quarter, which demonstrated a sequential growth of 
12%. Our EBITDA margins were 37.3% with adjusted margins at 
38.3%, which are ESOP adjusted. And EPS for the quarter stood at 
₹8.70 per share, highlighting our strong business model. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
Now so let's take a look at this graph. This indicates our quarterly 
performance. I would say the exceptional growth over the past three 
years that we have shown. So, we have achieved consistent quarter-
on-quarter growth in both revenue and profitability during this period. 
And notably, since our listing, there has been no decline in quarter-on-
quarter revenue growth, which again underscores our unwavering 
commitment to sustained growth and long-term value creation. 
 
Yes, diverse offerings. From a technology perspective, our portfolio 
continues to deliver value across a range of cutting-edge technologies. 
AI/ML now contributes over 12% of our total revenue, while 
Salesforce, Big Data and Odoo, each lead the way generating more 
than 20% of our revenue. Additionally, Open-Source Technologies 
represents around 18%. 
 
And a major thing, we celebrated two major wins this quarter, a key 
deal with a cybersecurity company providing solutions to Fortune 
1000 company, and a significant Salesforce engagement with a 
prominent UAE-based conglomerate. So, these key wins help in 
increasing our valuable client profile and increased trust in the 
Ksolves as a brand. 
 
So, our diverse offerings in technology helps us or enable us to serve 
multiple niche and complex technologies, which help us to cater a 
broad spectrum of sectors, ensuring a diverse industry mix, so the 
telecom sector remains our largest segment closely followed by 
technology and service industries. 
 
Additionally, we serve key sectors such as Retail, Marketing & 
Advertising, Manufacturing, EduTech, BFSI, Real Estate and 
Healthcare. So, this diverse portfolio highlights our capability to 
deliver solution across emerging and established industries worldwide. 
 
Also, we strive to acquire new customers and strengthen relationships 
with our existing ones by delivering exceptional services and 
introducing innovative solutions, including advancements in evolving 
areas like Generative AI. Also, our esteem clientele includes 11 clients 
with revenues exceeding $1 billion and five clients with revenues 
between $200 million to $1 billion. So, they contribute respectively, 
25% and 7% to our total revenue. 
 
Also again, this profile and these numbers again demonstrates the 
strength and quality of our client base. Also, we have consistently 
emphasised on our commitment to delivering value to the shareholders 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
through strong dividend payouts and corporate actions that enhance 
the liquidity and shareholder value such as bonus, stock splits and 
other initiatives. 
 
Now quick business snapshot. So, we have participated in prestigious 
events such as Global AI Summit in Dubai and a workshop in USA. 
This aim to position Ksolves as a global brand and enhance the 
visibility of our capabilities in complex and high-end technologies. 
Also, in the recent quarter, we were privileged to receive that Deloitte 
India Technology Fast Award 2024. We have also established a 
strategic partnership with leading player in the Broadcast and Media 
Technology Domain. 
 
And our commitment to future growth is reflected in our investment 
made in our key senior leadership roles, which includes Director of 
Program and Operations, Marketing Head and Head of Business 
Transformation & Consulting. These positions will strengthen our 
leadership team and strategically position us to capitalise on emerging 
opportunities and drive our long-term success. 
 
So, all in all, these key updates encapsulate the highlights of the 
quarter, our financial results and our commitment to operational 
excellence, strategic growth initiatives and sustainable value creation 
over the long term. 
 
So now I will hand the call over to Mr. Manish, who will provide us 
further insights into our technological capabilities. Thank you, 
everyone, for your continued support and interest in Ksolves. 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
All right. Thank you, Umang, and again welcome, everyone. So 
Umang took us through the financial performance. I'll talk about 
growth technology and what is the future that we are looking for 
Ksolves. 
 
So, our key strategic elements, these are the key pillars based on 
which we have our vision focused. So, #1 is Digital Transformation. 
Second is Powering Intelligence through AI. Now AI is being used 
everywhere, and we are very strongly focused on building solutions 
and services, products and services, leveraging AI as well as Gen AI. 
 
Then we are also started forming Strategic Alliances. So, we have 
partnered with a couple of big names in terms of technology, and we 
are building our capabilities on their portfolios. Obviously, Financial 
Profitability, it forms the base for all of our projects. And then, 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
especially empowering our K-Team essentially means that we are 
giving opportunities to our employees to enhance their skills and 
upgrade themselves, upskill themselves on to the latest and the 
greatest technologies. 
 
These are the growth drivers. Number one is Increased Utilisation. 
Our utilisations have always been consistent, beating industry 
standards. Like earlier mentioned was right, we have entered into tech 
partnerships with many big names. For example, today, I can say that 
we are working with RedHat, we are working with Oracle. We have 
started working with similar big names. And when I say big names, 
it's like we have formed partnerships, which allows them access to 
their portfolio of latest products. 
 
Then Smart Investments. We have been building onshore presence. 
Recently, we also opened a new office in Dubai. And then lastly but 
not the least, the Client Relationships. So, we have a great success as 
well as retention rate with all of our clients. Our CSAT scores, the 
Customer Satisfaction Scores they've always been good. 
 
So, this is a special slide that we wanted to focus and sort of share 
with you all what Ksolves has been doing in terms of AI and Gen AI. 
So, it's been almost now almost 18 months that we have been very 
strongly focused on Gen AI. Today, AI being used, so we have four 
products across which we have been using AI. 
 
Number one, Dashboard Ninja with AI. It's an ERP-based product in 
which we have integrated now AI capabilities to generate dashboards 
automatically, which has made the use of this product even simpler. 
Just to let you know, this has been one of our major selling products 
on the Odoo App Store for almost five years. Dashboard Ninja is the 
#1 app on the Odoo App Store. And now we have added AI 
capabilities to that app, which has helped us get even more clients and 
even more sort of features into that product. 
 
The second product, DFM. We have a separate slide also for that. But 
DFM is, again, a very unique solution, which is being developed by 
Ksolves. It's a big data product, which helps in building heavy 
database, data pipelines very simply, very easily using a very nice UI. 
Without DFM, it would have taken the customers a lot more time and 
a lot more complexity. With DFM, we have been able to bridge that 
gap. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
Third element, it's a Salesforce-based product, which allows you to 
manage your lead, the marketing leads very efficiently and very easily. 
It also has capabilities now based on AI for lead scoring, for predictive 
analytics, for workflow automation. Customers have been showing 
great interest into this also. 
 
And then Mind AI. Mind AI is a Gen AI-based platform that Ksolves 
have developed internally. This allows any enterprise to leverage and 
search through their entire knowledge base. The entire enterprise 
knowledge base can be assimilated into this, and it can be then used 
and searched by any person. 
 
At the same time, so this is for the products and the services that we 
have been doing. But at the same time, we have also been using Gen 
AI and AI-based solutions for our own efficiencies, our own, let's say, 
programming efficiencies. So, we have been using sort of Gen AI to 
see how can we make our deliveries, our time to develop our software 
more efficiently and reduce the overall budget as well as the overall 
estimate so that we become more competitive compared to our 
competitors. 
 
So, the future technology roadmap that we are seeing for the coming 
year at least. Our portfolio today includes services as well as product, 
services we are focused primarily on to AI/ML, Big Data, Salesforce, 
and then there is DevOps and the Digital Transformation. On the 
products side, we have four major lines of products, one is Salesforce 
products, one is Odoo products. Then the new products that we have 
developed this year; one is Data Flow Manager and the other Mind AI 
Ninja. These are also covered in details in the next slides. 
 
At the same time, so we also realised that we need to keep upgrading 
and adding new technologies to our portfolio. So, these are some of 
the new technologies that Ksolves now can say has expertise on, and 
we have active developers as well as projects going on in these 
technologies. So, these are some of the products that I mentioned 
earlier. So, the left box shows the Odoo products, then we have 
Salesforce products. And the bottom, I'd like to focus on the bottom 
two, the Data Flow Manager and the Mind AI Ninja. These are the 
two in-house developed products by Ksolves. 
 
Data Flow Manager is a big data product, which allows any customer 
who's using Apache Nifi. Now, Apache Nifi is an open-source 
technology, but it does not come with a lot of enterprise grade 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
features. So, we have built those capabilities in-house using Data Flow 
Manager. 
 
The second product, the Mind AI Ninja, it's a Gen AI-based platform. 
This platform allows any enterprise to sort of assimilate all the 
knowledge base, all the documents, anything that they have on which 
they want to then build solutions. So, using Mind AI Ninja, once the 
organisation has ingested their data into Mind AI Ninja into this 
product, into this platform, they then have capability to use a smart 
assistant, smart chatbot type thing, which can be like a ChatGPT 
interface for them. And this also has capabilities to integrate with 
other platforms. So, we have provided API layer also on top of this. If 
there's some other applications, maybe some other internal 
applications that they want to integrate it with, we have capabilities 
for that also in this. 
 
All right. So, they are some of the case studies. I'll not go into details, 
but I'll just a brief, right? So, we recently have been working with a 
very major telecom player. This is in the Africa, Europe region, 
processing almost 40 billion records every day. Now 40 billion call 
data records being processed through a platform. That platform is 
being managed today by Ksolves. It's a big data platform, very 
complex workflows, a lot of engineering, a lot of design thinking went 
over there. That platform is being today managed by Ksolves, and we 
have also been able to suggest them new sort of upgrades, which can 
make those entire processes more efficient. So, it's a long duration 
project that we have been working with them. And it has been one of 
the major products for Ksolves for Big Data. 
 
We have been doing a couple of other projects. So, these projects, 
some of them are on a technology called Apache NiFi. Apache NiFi is 
the core technology behind which Data Flow Manager has been built. 
So, you can see however expertise in technology is helping us build 
products on top of that technology. 
 
Then, we have a couple of case studies, which we have been doing for 
different sectors. So one is into renewable energy, one is into power 
sector. These case studies can be shared to you if anybody of you 
interested, right? And then obviously, like I mentioned, right, Machine 
Learning, AI/ML, Gen AI, these have been Ksolves strong focus since 
almost two years now. As I just mentioned, right, we have built that 
Gen AI-based platform, we have been working with another major 
telecom infrastructure player, again, a Fortune 500 company for whom 
we have built a multi-model Gen AI-based solution, which can take in 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
speech with which you can sort of show it video, we can show it 
images, and it can use that also as an input to give you a smart 
intelligent assistant. 
 
All right. I think, that's it from our side. Over to you, Ratan, and if 
there's any question, we are happy to take that. 
 
Umang Soni: 
Thank you, Manish. 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
Thank you. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. All those who wish to ask a question may use the option 
of raise hand. In case you are unable to raise hand just drop a message 
on the chat window and we'll invite you to ask a question. We'll take 
the first question from Somil Jain. Somil you can go ahead. 
 
Somil Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on the great set of 
numbers. I want to understand about the Mind AI platform that you've 
built. Does that store the clients' or the users' information in their own 
captive manner? Or is it in probably a server operated by us? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So first of all, whenever we use Open AI, right, or we want to develop 
something our own ChatGPT. There are two ways. Either you can use 
Open AI or you can use your own LLaMA server. And both options 
are available in this application, Mind AI Ninja. So, let's talk about the 
first option. Suppose you are using the Open AI, right? So, you are 
integrating Open AI API, but we are using the Open AI APIs, but we 
are not storing anything. We are passing information from here to 
there and there to here. That's all. 
 
Somil Jain: 
Okay. So that back-end the models are run on open AI? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Open AI, right? Now big organisation, they do not want to send their 
information to Open AI. They say that they want everything in-house. 
So, in that case, we should have a capability to develop our own 
LLaMA model, LLM. And then we have those capabilities. And in 
that case, we deploy this LLaMA model to customer premises and all 
the informations will be with the customer. It is not something that we 
are restoring this information. 
 
It means, in one line, we are not using our own server or we are not 
storing any information to our server. Everything is... 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
 
Somil Jain: 
In the latter case, that would look like more like a service offering. 
You train their data on models that later few like it? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Somil Jain: 
Okay. And what is the company's vision with regards to product? 
What is the current revenue split between services and products? And 
where do you see that going maybe in the near to medium term? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Good question. Thank you. However, we have not explained too much 
about the products. But we have achieved, I can say that good success 
in product. Let's go one by one. We have four products, Mind AI 
Ninja, and LMN, and DFM and another one is the Dashboard Ninja. 
Dashboard Ninja has generated by selling approximately $1 million in 
last four years, $1 million. 
 
Somil Jain: 
In last four years? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Last four years. And it is running #1 on the Odoo App Store. If you 
want to see that so you can write down Odoo App Store, Dashboard 
Ninja on Google, you can easily see our app is there on #1. First thing. 
Second thing that, what is the benefit of this product? First benefit is 
that we are able to generate recurring revenue by selling the products. 
Second thing is that whenever anyone is buying this product, most of 
the time they are using the ERP, and they need people miss engineers 
to develop or maintain their ERPs. So, you can say that it is a way to 
step into their home to get all the work into their home. 
 
So, by selling this product direct, we generate only $500 to $600. But 
most of the time, we get work monthly sometime $5,000, $10,000, 
$20,000, $30,000 monthly. We have some products where customer is 
giving $25,000 continuously every month since last three years. So, 
this is the benefit of the Dashboard Ninja. Direct generated revenue, I 
told you $1 million. Indirect is something that this quarter, I think we 
have generated approximately ₹10 Cr by Odoo. And this product is 
the Odoo application. 
 
Somil Jain: 
₹10 Cr by the Odoo product business? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No. 
 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Odoo division. And all this business, how we get through product 
selling. We get leads through marketing and all, but major part is by 
selling the products. We are getting direct customers. 
 
Somil Jain: 
Okay. At an aggregate level across the firm, if you could give a 
breakup between services to products? And where do you see that 
number going in the next probably a couple of years? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, for the next three years, we have one more product, DFM, Data 
Flow Manager, which Manish has explained. This is a Big Data 
product. And as per my understanding, this is going to be a huge 
success of Ksolves. And we are talking to one customer. It is not 
finally done, but we are in the process and almost it is done. And this 
deal is something that, a small deal, but this product is something 
which is going to create another level of success. 
 
How? Because Big Data, it is not something that any small company 
will use, which is case with the Dashboard Ninja, where small 
customers are using. But give me one second. But DFM will be used 
mostly by $1 billion company or at least $100 million company, who 
will have the budget to use NiFi. It is very costly. So DFM will give 
us another level of success. We will generate revenue by selling this, 
at the same time by supporting to the customers. And then again, 
when we will enter into their home or business, we will get more 
development also. It is almost ready. By next quarter, we will have 
something good news. 
 
Somil Jain: 
Fantastic. But just again, if you could just divide that revenue. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. The next three years, my target is that, right now, it is 98:2. I 
would like to make it at least 10% or more than 10%. 
 
Somil Jain: 
And finally, on the margins front. I know, you have mentioned that 
35% operating margins you believe are sustainable. Just wanted to 
have your take on that again. And if you could just break down the fall 
in margins from 43%, 42% last year to 37% this year, where is that 
6% delta coming from? If you could just help us understand that. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, some companies invest huge in hiring a senior position in early 
stage, but we have done in a reverse. That means, initially, we didn't 
have any enough seniors. For example, recently, we have hired a 
Director of Program and Delivery. He's IITian, and he's passed out 
from IIT Kanpur. Then we have had one person, he's from ENY, and 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
he is helping us to prepare the RFPs and all. So, these kinds of 
positions, now we are filling. 
 
In the last quarter, we have hired VP Engineering for AI/ML. So, 
these positions are not billable, direct billable. But these positions are 
helping us to increase sales. So that is the reason. And second thing 
that we have invested huge money for events, traveling and all. In 
future, we will also do. We will again invest money for events, for 
traveling, because at this level, last quarter, I said that at this level, we 
need large ticket size customers, and it is not possible through 
LinkedIn, e-mail campaign and cold e-mail. It is only possible when 
we travel, when we meet to the customers. 
 
This Friday, I'm traveling with Manish and my Delivery Head to U.S. 
again, to meet multiple customers. So, projects which we are looking 
right now, ticket size which we are looking right now, it is possible 
when we will meet them in-person, in June, we are going to attend 
Gartner, where lots of companies are coming. We are going to join 
this event as a speaker. We have an invitation for a speaker as well as 
we will have a booth there. So, this kind of investment we are doing. 
But in one line, if I say, for next three to five years, I'm very confident 
that I'm not going to below 35% margin, because I think, I have done 
all the recruitments for the senior positions. I don't see many more 
senior positions for now. 
 
Whatever money I will spend for now, I think, it will be for the 
billable positions either or for the marketing and travel. This is. So 
OPM, our margin will not go below then 35%. I'm confident about 
this. 
 
Somil Jain: 
Got it. And the sort of 5%, 6% delta from last year to this year is 
explained by the increased sales and marketing expenses? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Sales, marketing, travel, event and then senior position recruitment, 
which was required. Because if I'm saying that I'm going to work in 
the AI and all, then I should have some senior people. So right now, I 
have a person from the industry who has a 20-year experience, right? 
So, if I'm saying that right now, the current strength is 600 and in five 
years, it will be 1,500, for example, then I should have someone who 
can manage the operations, who can create the structures, hierarchies, 
roles and responsibilities for everyone. We should have KRA, we 
should have proper appraisal cycles, appraisal format, feedback 
system, training system, everything. So that person is handling all 
these things. So, the 6%, the delta is there. You can see. 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
 
Somil Jain: 
Got it. Just one final question, if I'm not taking up too much time. You 
have operating margins in the range of 35% to 40%, which is not 
typical of an IT services company. Usually, services company would 
have much lesser margins. What is, in your opinion, your 
differentiator that helps you enjoy such margins? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, what others are doing, I don't know. But your previous question 
was that, why we are going down? We said at that time, we were not 
spending the money. We have started spending money on marketing 
and all. And again, in that I have given you the statement that 35% 
will be the point where we will stick. 
 
I think, for this percentage utilisation of the resources is very 
important. If you will see the last three quarters, we have not added so 
many resources, but our revenue is continuously increasing. So, 
utilisation is, I think, the key for this OPM or maintaining the margin. 
We have not added so many employees, if you will see the last three 
quarters or four quarters. 
 
Somil Jain: 
Right. Okay. Thank you so much. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Shaurya Punyani. 
Shaurya, you can go ahead. 
 
Shaurya Punyani: 
So, you said that since the Big Data project, DFM projects are also 
coming up. So, is it safe to say that you grow like 35% or 40% year-
on-year, like for two, three years at least? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
You are talking about the growth? Or you are talking about the 
margin? 
 
Shaurya Punyani: 
The growth. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Growth, we will maintain minimum 30% for next three to five years. 
And margin, we will maintain minimum 35% for next three to five 
years. That I'm confident. And above then that, maybe if this DFM 
will create something magic, then maybe we can go above than that. 
But I'm very conservative. I'm saying that 30% I would be able to 
maintain. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
Shaurya Punyani: 
Okay. And what are the types of contracts? Like is there a 
subscription-based contract we have with the customers? Or what is 
the structure of the contract? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
For DFM? 
 
Shaurya Punyani: 
In general, like with your clients. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
There are two things which we are doing, even three things. One is 
services, second is support, and third is product. For support, it is most 
of the time either T&M or fixed cost. And age of the projects is 
between one to three years. Now age of the projects is between one to 
three years. Now support, it is subscription-based. It means, once 
customers are applying for our support, they pay us for every year. 
 
And product for Dashboard Ninja, it is one time, they buy it. But for 
DFM, it is again yearly subscription. Every year, they will pay. And 
there are so many things silver, gold, platinum, enterprise. We have 
the road map. And you will see something good in the future. 
 
Shaurya Punyani: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next person from chat window, Ashwin 
Palaniappan. You can go ahead, please. 
 
Ashwin Palaniappan: 
Hello, everyone. First of all, I'd like to congratulate for the good set of 
numbers that you have posted. I was late to the meeting, so my 
questions will be around the last few slides, which has been posted. I'd 
like to start with the first question, you talked about a few case studies. 
How can we get it? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Manish, over to you. 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
You are looking for what? 
 
Moderator: 
He is basically looking at an opportunity where he can get the details 
of the case studies. 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
Case studies, right? Okay. Fine. 
 
Umang Soni: 
Actually, case studies are already in the investor presentation that is 
uploaded on the exchanges. So, you can refer to that. You can just 
click on that and you will get the case studies. It's in the annexures. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
Ashwin Palaniappan: 
Okay. Thank you for the conformation. My next question will be like 
on the AI product, you talked about all the data has been exchanged 
via Open AI servers. And in this one, what level of license to be used? 
Because we all know that Open AI uses the client data for processing 
their model. Are we allowing the user data to be training their model 
or it is a private enterprise edition so that data is not being used for 
right now? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Manish, over to you. 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
Okay. So, see, when we talk about Open AI, yes, Open AI also has a 
different way, right? So one is, like you said, right that you have to 
share the data, you again have given that they do not store their data, 
right? It's our product, right? What we have done is, you're talking 
about our product, right, I'm assuming, right, the MAN. 
 
Ashwin Palaniappan: 
That's right. 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
With that, we have used Azure services. With Azure services, what 
you get is an additional sort of an interface with Open AI, where your 
data store only within your VPC. It's not going outside of your VPC. 
That system is only available within Azure. So, depending on how 
comfortable the customer is, right, they can use our MAN, which is 
integrated to Azure, right? Or if they want completely on-premise, 
right, then we have what you call as LLaMA-based server also 
running, which can be hosted on premises. 
 
Ashwin Palaniappan: 
Okay. I got it. Thank you. And the next question would be on the Big 
Data manager. So, you said that you're working with the African 
telecom giant. And if I would like to understand it better, are we doing 
an end-to-end service for them? Or was it just an existing one and 
Ksolves is managing that? And is it a short-term contract? Or is it for 
a long term that is already signed with the giant? 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
So, it's a long-term contract. And what we are doing for them is so, 
see, the system was already up and running, right? Now the problem is 
that system has been sort of giving challenges as over time now 
consistently, right? That's when they reached out to us, and they are 
using NiFi also extensively, right? And if you search for NiFi, right, 
you will see Ksolves coming on top, anytime you search for any 
development company for NiFi, right? That's how they reached out to 
us. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
And then what has happened is, once we started engaging with them, 
we realised that there were a lot of issues in the existing base system 
was being set up, right? So, we have worked with them, and we have 
re-architected some of those systems, right? And that has given them a 
great, I would say, efficiency. 
 
Some processes, which were earlier taking four days to complete, 
right now they are being done within under an hour. That is the level 
of efficiency that we have got to there, some of the process, right? 
There are still many more recommendation that we are working on 
them. But it's a long-term project, and the beauty is that, it is one of 
the biggest, I would say telecom product that we have been involved 
into. So that's giving us a lot of insights into telecom domain. 
 
Ashwin Palaniappan: 
Yes. That's great to hear. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
And this is the best example that how we got this project. We travelled 
to Morocco. And then, we got this product. Means, we had to invest 
our money for traveling. So right now, what we are doing, we are 
offering customers that, we are coming, we will discuss. And 
customers are happy with this offer. And out of 10, five to six we are 
winning. 
 
Ashwin Palaniappan: 
Okay. That's great. My final question to you is like I'm great to see 
that Ksolves is launching new products now. And going forward, do 
you foresee that major revenue is going to be part of your products? 
Or will it be still services? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, maybe in long-term. I'm very optimistic about the DFM. But our 
major focus is on the services right now. We are getting lots of queries 
for the services. We have a lot enquiries from the customers. Right 
now, we are facing problem for the supply, means resources. So, we 
are focusing on the services, but at the same time, because that is our 
bread and butter. But in the longer term, we are expecting that we will 
get good revenue from the product also, especially from the DFM. 
 
Ashwin Palaniappan: 
Okay. That's what from my side. Thank you for answering the 
questions patiently. And all the best for the future quarters. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next member from the chat. Mr. Ram, you can go 
ahead, please. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
Ram: 
Yes. So, I would like to first start by congratulating and thanking the 
entire Ksolves team like for posting such, like stellar results from the 
inception from the IPO to now. But as an investor, I noticed that some 
insiders, I mean, your stake also has slightly reduced in the company, 
but you still retain complete control and everything. But there are 
other insiders, I believe, who have completely exited their Ksolves 
stake. 
 
So, like, and that is a very personal issue and that is completely their 
prerogative. But for other investors, who look to buy Ksolves stocks, I 
think that turns out to be a slight worrying point. So, I was thinking 
about the same, could you guys look into buybacks instead of 
dividends or any other corporate action in that sense? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
In future, you may see this. But if you will talk about me, since last 
2.5 years, I have not done any selling. And I don't think that you will 
see from my side. What others are doing, I'm not responsible for that. 
But I'm focusing completely on my work on the company growth. I'm 
looking for long-term. My goals are long-term. It is not something for 
this quarter or last quarter. You can see that consistency; you can see 
in my work. Continuously, I'm giving growth. I'm not worried about 
that where stock is going. Definitely, I'm meeting with the investors. 
I'm giving answers if they are asking any questions. But market is not 
in my control. 
 
In my control, what is in my control, my work. And I think me and my 
team is continuously doing hard work. We are delivering the result. If 
you see the sales, if you see the margins, everything is good. We are 
expanding continuously. So, I think, I'm doing my duty completely 
with honesty and with the full integrity. And rest of the things are not 
in my control. 
 
Ram: 
So completely understand. And again, I don't mean to sound like 
intrusive, but I completely recognise how well you guys have done. So 
again, thank you for that as an investor. But the question was, I think 
the last call also, someone had asked you about doing some corporate 
action and you guys immediately, you have announced for a split. So 
again, that is something, I think, hopefully, the market will take 
notice. But could you guys also think about buybacks, maybe later in 
the future? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
We are thinking. Wait for that. Who know that buyback, it is not 
something that we can do frequently. It happens once. So, wait for that 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
time, we will do that. And I'm not giving the commitment that when. 
But in next one year, you will see. 
 
Ram: 
Okay. Are you guys taking any, are you actively soliciting some form 
of institutional investors? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, I'm not very active to... 
 
Moderator: 
We'll avoid that question. These are forward-looking statements. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay, sure. 
 
Ram: 
Okay, sure. So yeah, one final thing. So, for you personally, if you had 
to choose between having your current great margins at the cost of 
low growth, which might not happen, but if that was the choice. If you 
have to have great margins right now and low growth, but the other 
option would be you are okay with slightly lower margins, but you are 
going to go for higher growth. For you, personally, what would you 
choose? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, you have given me option zero and one kind of. But I think, 
better that if I say that sales and growth, 30% and 35%. And you can 
see that option one means, I have compromised already with the 
margin, but there should be some limit. It should not be that it should 
continuously go down. So that's why I said that 35% will be the point 
where, below that, I will not compromise. But 35% is good. 
 
And even right now, we are maintaining 37%. In this quarter, we have 
done 37%. Last quarter, we have done 37%, 38%. 35% is the lowest, 
which I can afford. And below that, I will consider that I have done 
some mistake in calculation. 
 
Ram: 
Sure. Okay. That’s it. Thank you so much. All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Manan. Manan, you can 
go ahead, please. 
 
Manan Vandur: 
Congratulations on the great set of numbers. I had two questions. First 
question would be that even as Ratan was saying that, we'll be 
growing at 30% with 35% margins. So, I definitely think that we'll be 
coming up with more products. We are currently not coming up with 
more products. So, all I wanted to ask was, that even as for that 
growth, are we planning any sort of debt that we are going to take or 
something like that? That is my first question. 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. No. I'm not going to take any debt. 
 
Manan Vandur: 
Okay. Very simple, and very straightforward. Thank you. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
I don't need. Why I will take? See, there should be reason. I don't see 
any reason that I should take a debt. So that's why I said no, I'm not 
planning. Behind this question, you have some other questions in your 
mind, so I don't know what will be the answer. But for a straight 
question, answer is straight no. But if there will be some reason, then 
maybe. But there should be enough reason. Right now, I don't see any 
reason. 
 
Manan Vandur: 
Correct. So that's what I was asking. Because you said that we'll be 
growing at 30% and also, I just thought that you might take for other 
things. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
For 30% growth, I don't need any debt, first thing. Second thing, I'm 
not dependent on the product. Product, I have explained, because a 
few of you were asking that, am I expecting anything from the 
product? Yes. But forget about the product, if I say, 30% I'm 
considering sales with services. I'm not saying that with product now 
I'm looking some sales, and that will help me to maintain the 30%. I 
do not want to create this confusion. Forget about the product. What 
will happen, we will see in the next quarter. 
 
I'm focusing right now in this call, I'm giving whatever number based 
on the services, what I have in the pipeline, what kind of queries I'm 
getting from the customers? So, 30% of sales and 35% margin for the 
services, not the product. Product is something different, which before 
you someone asked, I explained that. Yes, we are developing, maybe 
we will have some good news. But I'm not confident at this moment. 
We will talk about this question, about product in the next quarter. 
 
Manan Vandur: 
Correct. Okay. Got it. Thank you. And the second question is, could 
you name any listed competitor, if you have? I'm pretty new to this 
business, which is why I'm asking. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, competitor means the other companies who are... 
 
Manan Vandur: 
Similar business. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Doing the similar kind of work. Right? 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
Manan Vandur: 
Yes. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So similar kind of what we are doing, Infosys, Persistent, LTI. 
These are the companies which are doing the same kind of work. I 
will not say that they are competitors. They are very big fish, but most 
of the time, customers for them, we are working, they say that they are 
-- for them, Persistent is handling the big chunk of the work or 
Accenture is handling a big chunk of the work where we have a small 
chunk of the work. 
 
Considering our small size, they cannot give us that big chunk of the 
work, but they are increasing month-by-month, year-by-year our 
quantity of the work. 
 
Manan Vandur: 
Right. Understood. Thank you so much. All the best for the future. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the chat from Mr. Purab 
Upadhyay. Purab you can go ahead. 
 
Purab Upadhyay: 
So first of all, congratulations. And my first question was a large part 
of our revenue comes from the North America belt, as you said. So, 
amid the possible new policies and trade uncertainties, do we see any 
kind of risk in our business and customers? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Honestly speaking, I don't see any risk. Continuously, we are getting 
enquiries for more resources, more work. There may be some specific 
reason, first thing that we are working on the niche technology. So, 
finding good resources on those technologies are not easy. So that's 
why we are getting enquiries. 
 
Second thing is that, in U.S., most of the companies are trying to 
reduce the cost. So, either they are moving for automation, or Gen AI, 
Generative AI. And third, they are asking Indian engineers for their 
work, which are less costly. So, I don't see any problem. Problem will 
happen or it may be my opinion, maybe I'm wrong. But maybe if our 
people will work, we will have people in U.S. In that condition, I may 
have a problem. But I don't know, fortunately or unfortunately, right 
now, our whole team is working from the India. So cost is 
manageable. We are continuously getting the work, so I don't see any 
problem from the U.S., from the Europe or any other country. 
 
Purab Upadhyay: 
I had one more question. So, in the past couple of quarters, so we've 
taken parts in various basically exhibitions of basically Generative AI. 
And we've basically spent a lot on marketing, as you said. So, all of 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
those costs and basically all those efforts that we've put into all of this. 
So are we able to acquire new clients after all of that like, because a 
lot of our revenue comes from repeat sales. So how important are you 
looking at acquiring new clients as of now? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
We are acquiring the new clients, new business, that's why our sales is 
getting increased. You can see the growth. Second thing that Manish 
explained you that telecom customer. We met with that customer in 
event. So going into those events are helping us to create contacts. 
And directly, see face-to-face interaction is always more effective as 
compared to this online interaction. So, when we are meeting with 
them face-to-face, we are able to convert businesses, and we have 
generated, why I will invest money for the next investor if I'm not 
getting the ROI. 
 
So, I'm getting good ROIs. And the sales team is able to convert leads. 
And I think that this is a good way to generate more business. We are 
meeting directly had authority or people from the CXO positions in 
those events, who are part of the decision-making team. 
 
Purab Upadhyay: 
Thank you very much for your answers. And I wish you all the best 
for the future endeavours. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Karan. Karan you can 
go ahead, please. 
 
Karan Kapooria: 
Thanks, Vinayji. I have a couple of questions. So, first thing is on the 
last con call, you mentioned about some acquisitions that you will be 
looking forward to it. So, are we still considering acquiring some other 
companies? Or like you want to grow the revenue from the new 
product innovations. Can you share some thoughts on that? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
I was always against to the acquisition. But as we are human, so 
thoughts keep changing. So, in last few quarters or last quarter, I 
thought that I considering the current pipelines and the requirements, 
my TAT team, this talent acquisition team is facing problem to hire 
resources. In every call, I say that, I don't have a problem on the 
project side. I have a problem on the supply side. So, I thought that if I 
can acquire some good companies, small companies, definitely, so 
that I can adjust them or I can manage them. I can manage them. If the 
company will be small, maybe I would be able to manage. Because I 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
always said that if we acquire, then the culture and the company which 
we are acquiring, if size is big, then it may go in a reverse direction. 
 
So, I'm very cautious. First thing that I'm looking for a small 
company. Second thing that they should have some good projects; 
resources should be good. But finding these kinds of companies are 
not easy. So still, we are searching. But till now, we could not get. But 
once we will get definitely, we will go for that. 
 
Karan Kapooria: 
And would you also consider the valuation of these companies if you 
plan any kind of acquisitions, while considering these small in size 
and culture? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
We are evaluating. We have merchant banker. So, we are doing this. 
But unfortunately, small companies are not doing well. They have lots 
of problems, either on the management side or on the technology side 
or on the resourcing side. So, the small companies are not doing well, 
and big companies I'm not going to acquire. 
 
So, in another way, I can say that right now, I'm focusing on the 
organic growth only. Because inorganic, I tried and I'm trying, but it is 
not easy. I don't want to take any bad decision. 
 
Karan Kapooria: 
Okay. I appreciate that. One last question I have is, so since our 
revenue is coming from multiple countries now, Africa. So, we have 
an African client, North American client also, you mentioned, right? 
And going forward, we will be signing more deals in some Middle 
East based clients also. So, to maintain the margins, I feel one risk, 
which is of currency, foreign currency risk, right? So that can impact 
our margin, not to a greater extent, but to slightly exchange. So, do we 
have any kind of foreign hedging policy so that we can mitigate such 
kind of risk and maintain our margins going forward? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Right now, I don't think that I need to worry about this. But yes, I was 
talking with Umang, who's our CFO, about this hedging and all. When 
we should think about this and why companies do this. So, I am aware 
about this. But right now, I don't think that it is a problem for us. But 
in future, maybe we will have to think. But considering the current 
situation, where we are right now, it is not required. 
 
Karan Kapooria: 
Yes. Because the dollar is going down and U.S. dollar is going up, 
right? But what if the things can turn around, right? So, in that case, 
do you think it… 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
It will not happen in one day. It will give me time. 
 
Karan Kapooria: 
Understood. Okay. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the last question for the day from Mr. Rishi 
Sinha. The new U.S. administration is talking about tariffs. If they do 
it on software services, are these tariffs pass over? Or are all U.S. 
projects on fixed cost deals? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No. All projects are not fixed cost project. But honestly speaking, if I 
give you the honest answer, I could not get time to think about this. 
But offline, I will discuss with this, and then I can answer on this. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. So, since that is the last question for the day. Would you 
like to give any closing comments before we end this call? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Yes. So, thank you everyone for giving your precious time and asking 
questions. I have a few things from my side. Five years before 
approximately, I have launched this IPO. And since then, every day, 
I'm learning, because I'm kind of a first-generation businessman. So, 
every day, I'm learning. And I think that day-by-day, I'm getting more 
mature in terms of as a businessman. 
 
So, no one can say that every decision or everything is perfect. But as 
of now, I think in last five years, I'm running the company very 
successfully in terms of the growth, in terms of the margins and also 
people, what kind of people we have right now in the company. We 
have an excellent culture. We have so many people who are working 
with five years, seven years, eight years, 10 years. Almost every week, 
we get notification that this person has completed five years, three 
years, seven years, eight years. Now this is not a news for us, because 
kind of a news which is coming every week. So, we don't notice. 
 
I have not built only a good company in terms of the sales growth or 
the margin, I have also made a company where people are there. It 
means, people are happy in Ksolves. People want to give more than 
what they can give. So that is the reason our utilisation is high. It is 
not an easy answer to explain them that how utilisation is high. But I 
think it is the people who are working by their heart with full honesty 
and all, so that's why I said that I have not built only a company, 
which is giving growth and margin, I have built a family where 600 
people, and most of them are working since long time with me. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2025 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
They are very happy with my decisions, whatever I take. And they 
want to work with me. So that is something which I wanted to convey 
with you that, and I'm targeting that from 600 to 1,500 in next five 
years. But yes, culture matters. For every company, sales and 
organisation is important, but also the culture. If it is toxic, then it is 
not a long-term, you cannot survive long-term. At some point, you 
will be alone. 
 
So, we have an excellent culture where people meet, they discuss, they 
exchange their thoughts and then we collectively take the decision. 
However, Vito is with me, but they give us their suggestions without 
any fear. So that is my success, which I wanted to discuss with you or 
tell all of you. So that is all Vinayji from my side. 
 
Means, I'm very happy that I have built something as a company 
where people are happy. They want to work with this company. That's 
all from my side. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you so much, and thank you to all the participants for joining 
on the call. Thank you to the management team for your valuable 
time. This brings us to the end of today's conference call. Thank you. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you. 
 
Umang Soni: 
Thank you. 
