 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555 Fax: (91-11) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office: Rampur Distillery, Bareilly Road, Rampur-244901 (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 2351703 Fax: 0595-2350008 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No.: L26941UP1983PLC027278 
 
 RKL/SX/2024-25/124                                                                                                   February 04, 2025 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip code: RADICO 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ref:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter no. RKL/SX/2024-25/117 dated January 21, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings 
Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on January 30, 2025 for Quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2024. 
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
disseminated 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
http://www.radicokhaitan.com/investor-relations/   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Senior VP - Legal & Company Secretary  
 
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in  
 
Encl: A/a 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2025.02.04 
21:24:21 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
  
       (BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
Third Quarter and Nine Month FY2025  
Earnings Conference call 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Amar Sinha, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Radico Khaitan 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Dolat Capital Markets 
Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu Shah from Dolat 
Capital Markets Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Thank you, Lizen. Good afternoon, everyone. At this moment, we 
would like to thank Radico Khaitan Management for providing Dolat 
Capital with the opportunity to host the Q3 FY25 Earnings Call. We 
have with us the senior Leadership Team from Radico Khaitan, 
represented by Mr. Abhishek Khaitan – MD and CEO, Mr. Amar Sinha 
– Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Dilip Banthiya – Chief Financial Officer, 
and Mr. Sanjeev Banga – President, International Business. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan for his “Opening 
Remarks”. Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on our 
Q3 FY25 Results Conference Call. 
Building on the strong momentum from the first half, Radico Khaitan 
achieved industry-leading IMFL volume growth of 15.3% year-on-year 
in Q3 FY25. We anticipate this strong growth momentum to continue 
in the near term. The Prestige & Above category volume saw a 17.7% 
increase. 
Our Luxury Portfolio, including Rampur Indian Single Malt Whisky, 
Sangam World Malt, and Jaisalmer Indian Craft Gin continues to deliver 
strong growth as we focus on increasing distribution, both off trade 

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
and on trade. After the launch of Rampur Indian Single Malt Asava, 
Sangam World Malt and Jaisalmer Gold Gin earlier this year, we 
continue to expand the rollout in more states. Asava is now available 
in 10 states, Sangam in 8 states, and Jaisalmer Gold in 6 states. 
We have seen Luxury & Semi-Luxury brands cross net sales value of 
Rs. 100 crores in Q3 FY25 and Rs. 250 crores in the 9 months FY25. 
Given the exceptional demand in the domestic as well as international 
market, we expect this to cross Rs. 500 crores net sales mark in FY26. 
Royal Ranthambore Whisky recorded a strong 55% growth during Q3. 
We recently launched a celebrity campaign with a Bollywood star, Saif 
Ali Khan, which resonated well with the brand ethos and connected 
with the consumers. Royal Ranthambore has seen unprecedented 
success in civil markets and the volume run rate is increasing month-
on-month across geography. We are very happy to report that in Q4 
FY25, it will be introduced to the CSD channel, which is a very large 
market. We believe it will drive further growth. 
All other core brands continue to report strong momentum, such as 
Magic Moments vodka, After Dark Blue whisky and 1965 Spirit of 
Victory Premium Rum. Magic Moments vodka recorded 1.8 million 
cases sales during the quarter. We launched a Limited-Edition 
Celebration pack for Magic Moments vodka, blending premium quality 
with festive vibrance. During the 9 months of FY25, vodka industry has 
grown more than 15%, where we have a strong 60% market share. 
With that continued innovation, we remain confident of driving the 
industry growth. 
During quarter 3, After Dark Whisky became the eighth brand to join 
the millionaires' club. Launched in 2011, this brand story took an 
exciting turn in 2022 with the launch of After Dark Blue Whisky, 
designed to captivate the younger generation. In the first 9 months of 
FY25, After Dark achieved 1.34 million cases sales volume, 
representing over 100% growth compared to 9 months of FY24. It is 
positioned very strongly in the largest segment of the premium whisky 
industry. 
Going forward, I remain optimistic about the growth prospects in the 
Indian alcoholic beverage sector. We are progressing well on our 
strategic road map and are confident in delivering results in line with 
our goals. 

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Our new product development pipeline remains robust, and we are 
committed to delivering superior performance across our portfolio. 
Our strategic priorities remain focused on brand building, sustained 
profitable growth and long-term value creation for our stakeholders. 
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for a detailed 
operational and financial review. Thank you, and over to Dilip. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on this call 
today. During Quarter 3 of FY25, we reported a total IMFL volume of 
8.4 million cases, representing a growth of 15.3% on a year-on-year 
basis. The Prestige & Above category volume grew by 18%. In value-
terms, the Prestige & Above category registered 24.7% growth. IMFL 
realization increased by 5.5% on a year-on-year basis. 
Prestige & Above category accounts for 51% of the IMFL volume, 
compared to 50% in Quarter 3 of last year. Regular category volume, 
which were impacted due to certain state specific industry-related 
issues, and ongoing strategic rationalization of portfolio, have now 
returned to a sharp growth trajectory. This was due to the lower base 
coupled with the normalization of state-specific industry issues. 
The change in the route-to-market in Andhra Pradesh contributed 800 
basis points to our overall volume growth. As regards the P&A 
segment, excluding Andhra Pradesh, the growth has been higher.  
The recent RTM change in Andhra Pradesh has progressed well, 
promoting stability, predictability and regulatory environment. As a 
result, we have seen strong growth traction for our brand portfolio and 
gained market share from 10% in the first half to over 15% in Quarter 
3. We quickly adapted to the changing environment and created 
capacities to capitalize on industry opportunity. 
Gross margin during the quarter was 43% as compared to 41.8% in 
quarter 3 of FY24, and 43.6% in sequential quarter 2. Gross margin was 
improved on a year-on-year basis due to the ongoing premiumization 
in the IMFL business, coupled with a relatively stable raw material 
scenario. Gross margin declined by 60 basis points on quarter-on-
quarter basis due to foodgrain inflation. While we are optimistic about 
the inflationary scenario for ENA and grain to improve going forward, 
we continue to cautiously monitor the trends. 

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Employee benefit expenditure were higher sequentially due to the 
annual appraisal and incentive payments during the quarter. 
Interest costs increased sequentially due to higher working capital 
utilization during the quarter, primarily led by cyclical building of the 
grain inventory and higher receivable in certain states. This is 
temporary phenomenon, and inventories will be liquidated by  March 
end. 
Going forward, our focus will be driving profitable growth along with 
cash flow generation and more efficient working capital management, 
resulting in debt reduction. 
With this, we now open the line for Q&A. Thank you. 
Question & Answer: 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-
and-answer session. Anyone wishing to ask a question, may please 
press “*” and 1 on your touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and 2. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. Participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may 
please press “*”and 1. 
The first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes. Thanks. My first question is about the Andhra market. So, you 
have done well, and you have gained market share. Even the national 
players have gained market share. So, if you could tell us are the local 
players now all largely out of the market? 
And second is in the previous cycle, when a similar regime, similar 
government was there, then what was your market share? And as a 
percentage of pan-India, when do you see full normalization and what 
will be that number in terms of Andhra contribution to your sales? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, as far as the Andhra market is concerned, it's a 30 lakh cases 
market right now. It's a growing market. As the regulatory 
environment stabilizes and the policies become more stable, the 
market is continuing to show buoyancy. We have a 15% to 17% market 

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
share in that state. Most of our brands that we have introduced are 
showing traction. The route-to-market changed on 16th of October 
2024. Since then, there is a balance between secondary and tertiary 
sales. So, as far as Radico is concerned, the movement for all our 
brands introduced in Andhra is sound and shows good signs. 
As far as the local players are concerned, they still exist, and they are 
largely operating in the lower-price segments, which I think will 
continue for some time, till the national brands gain attraction. This 
has also started to happen. Most national companies are now getting 
good volumes, and it will benefit orgainsed players like us. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So, my second and last question is on the demand side. You also 
sounded positive and pan-India and national side is also positive. So, 
my question is in terms of the marriage demand, how much is the 
benefit coming from there? And ex of Andhra, what will be your 
expectation of growth because Andhra clearly is helping. And would 
you see Q4 Andhra contribution being a bit lower because first 
quarter, generally, the inventory pileup is there, which helps in a larger 
number. So, would you say that Q4, the contribution to sales from 
Andhra, that could be a bit lower and then it starts going up again? 
Amar Sinha: 
No, I think as I told you, there is a balance between secondary and 
tertiary sales for all our brands. So, as far as we are concerned, we see 
that the momentum will continue, and we will continue to perform 
equally well in quarter 4 and thereafter. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And in terms of the pan-India demand, what is driving the optimism? 
Because almost every other form of consumption, they are clearly 
saying there is a slowdown in the urban segment. I do understand 
some of the base is a bit favorable for the industry, may not be for you 
but marriage demand clearly is there for the next 2 quarters also. So, 
would you say marriage demand is what is helping in terms of 
optimism versus say, other forms of the FMCG consumption or, say, 
any other discretionary consumption also QSR? Everything is weak. In 
terms of apparel also, it is weak. So, what is the difference for the 
liquor industry versus other forms of consumption in the urban 
segment currently? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, let me say first that as you see in Q3, the growth has been across 
significant categories. The regular segment has also recovered, and 
the Prestige & Other segment has also shown great traction, strong 
double-digit growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
We have seen traction across our brands. And that's why you see this 
number of P&A, growing by 17% in volume. And as far as overall 
volume is concerned, it stretches across premium and regular brands, 
and that's how you get 15%. This phenomenon is visible clearly in the 
liquor industry and it is not because of weddings and festivities. The 
industry itself is buoyant. And that's why we feel that the next quarter 
and thereafter, demand will be encouraging. 
One more point that we want to stress here is that 3 years back, the 
entire market segments for brands above the inter segment was only 
25% of the IMFL industry. Today, it has reached 42%, which means the 
brands in the premium segment are gaining traction and Radico is 
driving this growth as well as part of an industry player.  
We today have market leadership positions in gin, rum, brandy and 
vodka. And now we are growing steadily in the whisky segment as well. 
All brands that we have launched in the past 2 years have done 
exceedingly well and are positioned well in all the markets across 
geographies. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. Thanks, sir. I’m done sir. Thanks a lot. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to the participants, anyone wishing to ask a 
question, may please press “*” and 1. The next question is from the 
line of Harik Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harik Kapoor: 
Good evening. So, I just had 2 questions. One was on you mentioned 
that you expect that your Luxury & Semi-Luxury portfolio to cross Rs. 
500 crores. Could you just give us a sense of what will drive growth 
next year? Do you think it's more getting into markets where you 
weren't present? Or it's just strong market share gain or just 
throughput growth that you are seeing? And within this, if you could 
just give even a qualitative flavor of what's growing faster, etc. I know 
the portfolio, but if you could just give a sense of what's going faster, 
what's driving this growth? So, just a little bit more comments on this 
portfolio, which will be Rs. 500 crore Business for you next year. 
Amar Sinha: 
As Mr. Abhishek Khaitan had also mentioned in his opening remarks, 
our Luxury & Semi-Luxury sales was approximately Rs. 100 crores, and 
shown a growth in value terms of 45%. As far as volume is concerned, 
we have shown equally strong volume by growing at 54%. 

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
As far as the ratio of sales of Luxury & Semi-Luxury brands are 
concerned, we have grown to a level of 12% in Q3 as against 9% in the 
previous year. Now having said that, I must tell you that all the brands 
that we have launched today have shown great attraction and 
acceptance at the consumer level and Radico has always pioneered 
the price positioning of all brands in different categories and 
segments. Our prices are well accepted, and people see by virtue of a 
higher price position that we not only offer in stature, but we are also 
giving an equally good quality commensurate to the price that we 
offer. 
Now today, these brands, despite the attraction and sales growth, we 
feel are still at a nascent stage, and there is a good way to go in terms 
of creating market shares. And that's the reason we feel that the 
coming years will show a much better result. 
Not only that, we will also expand across geography. Radico has a 
national presence. We are one of the strongest distribution companies 
in the country today. We are the largest player in the IMFL segment 
from India. And we are in the process of expanding our distribution of 
Luxury & Semi-Luxury products, and that will also give us expansion in 
volumes and profitability both. 
Harik Kapoor: 
Got it. So, just on this, would a significant portion of this, say Rs. 500 
crores next year or whatever of the Rs. 250 crores for the 9 months, 
be export? Or maybe it what would that ratio look like? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes, the exports in volume terms si approximately 5.5%. In the 
domestic market, the luxury and semi-luxury growth rate is better than 
export.  
Amar Sinha:  
It will continue to be so at least for the next 3 years, because the 
market is huge. It is growing very fast. So, we need to exploit that 
situation. 
Abhishek Khaitan:  
Also, if you see the single malt industry in the domestic market has 
overtaken the international malts also. So, I think the investments of 
what we had done in our malt capacity about 4-5 years back, so the 
next 3 years, our malt availability should double in the next 3 years. 
Royal Ranthambore has entered the Armed Forces, CSD which is one 
of the largest markets. So, I think, overall, the entire space is quite 
buoyant. 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Harik Kapoor: 
Got it, sir. The second part was on the cost side. So, you've seen on one 
side, you have the possibility of some increase likely in ethanol at some 
point in terms of government pricing. But on the other side, you also 
have the grain prices, which seem to now be coming into a more 
favorable trajectory over the next 1 or 2 quarters and going forward. 
So, if you could just help us understand how do we see this kind of 
confluence of factors playing out in ENA pricing over the next say, 3, 6, 
9 months, if one had to guess? Yes, that's my question. Thanks. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Actually, if you see our industry the kind of headwinds that we have 
faced as the grain prices from Rs. 17,000 / Ton, touched about Rs. 
28,000. The primary reason was the ethanol supply and the stoppage 
of the FCI rice which happened about 1.5 years back. Only now for the 
first time the government, which we were expecting long back, 
because huge pile of about 500 lakh tonnes of grains lying in the FCI 
godown, so they have just announced where ethanol can be produced 
from FCI. So, that [FCI Rice] is at Rs. 22500 / tonne. So, I think it all 
depends on the government policy, but if it continues, surely there will 
be easing of the raw material. 
Harik Kapoor: 
Got it, sir. That’s all from me. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from 
Antique Stockbroking. Please go ahead. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Thank you for the opportunity. And congratulations on the good set of 
numbers. Sir, my question is first on demand where one of the 
Company said that there is a slowdown in the premium and luxury end 
of the segment, whereas you have been saying that your growth has 
been very much far superior. What gives you confidence that this kind 
of mid-teens kind of volume growth can be continued in P&A segment? 
And also, the regular segment, after, let's say, 12 to 13 quarters 
afterwards, we are seeing positive volume growth. And what can we 
expect in terms of volume growth in regular segment going ahead? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, let me answer the regular segment first. See, it's true that it is quite 
some time later that the market has started responding as far as the 
regular segment is concerned. There are a couple of reasons for it. But 
we have, in our earlier conferences, also stated that we have 
rationalized our regular volume, because of cost escalation, raw 
material pressures and contribution loss. So, wherever we thought it 
was economical and profitable, we used to sell regular, and not 
rationalize the volumes. 

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Having said that, as far as the current growth rate in the regular 
segment that we have seen of 13.4% and a value growth of 15%, that's 
primarily because of 2 reasons. One, Andhra has offered an 
opportunity to sell brands below the P&A segment at a lucrative price, 
and the contributions are healthy. That's what we are doing. 
And going forward, we also feel this trend could continue because 
Kerala, which is a huge market of more than 20 lakh cases a month, 
has given a 6% to 7% price increase. And therefore, we see that this 
will also benefit the industry, including Radico. So, we are optimistic 
about the regular segment recovery in the months ahead. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Yes. So, just on regular segment.  
Amar Sinha: 
And the growth will also be maintained in the mid-single-digit rate.  
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. But if I want to strip out Andhra Pradesh from the regular 
segment, what would have been growth excluding Andhra Pradesh 
then in this quarter? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
See as I said in my opening remark ex-Andhra, our overall growth is 
7%, 7.5% ex-Andhra. And in the P&A category it is higher or better than 
the Company average. So, the point is that excluding Andhra, as Amar 
said, there are certain improvements in the state regulatory 
environment, the Defence has given the price increases last year which 
has brought back the volume. In export also, there is some 
improvement in the volumes of the regular segment. So, in fact, as we 
already said, that mid-single-digit improvement on that for next year, 
we can very well achieve that. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. And sir, your comments on P&A segment volume growth?  
Amar Sinha: 
We don't want to comment on what others feel about the slowdown 
or the fast pace, but as far as Radico is concerned, all our brands are 
buoyant. They are responding very well. We have great plans, 
marketing plans going ahead and other growth momentum of giving 
a P&A growth of 15% plus in the times ahead will continue. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. And sir, the second question is related to our debt. Thereafter 
our CAPEX, we have not seen any decline or let's say, a reduction in 
debt. Part of this is also attributed to the Telangana Government not 
paying the dues. Where are we standing in terms of, due from 
Telangana government, and when can we expect or, let's say, by what 
year we can become a debt-free Company? 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, as we have said that in a couple of months the issue with Telangana 
which will get sorted out soon, the interaction with the industry is on. 
Secondly, we build grain inventory in the season. That will also be 
partly liquidated by the year-end and from Q4 onwards, you will see a 
declining trend in our debt scenario, and as we guided, by '26, '27, 
middle, our debt will be negligible. With the kind of cash flow coming 
from internal accrual, we are very confident of achieving the debt-free 
kind of situation by '26, '27. 
Amar Sinha: 
I want to add one very important point that Radico's old dues in 
Telangana are not very high. And subsequently now, Radico is being 
paid with other companies in 45 days as per the policy. So, that's not 
so much of a deterrent. But yes, the dues whatever our overdue will 
get cleared in Q4. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
And sir, lastly, on margin front. You clearly highlighted that Luxury 
segment has been growing very fast. So, sir, can you comment a bit on 
in terms of profitability of Luxury segment versus other P&A segment 
versus regular segment for us? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, we talk about our margin. And actually, in the last several quarters, 
we have been guiding about, that we have improved on our margin by 
less 150 basis points year-on-year. This year over the last year, we have 
improved 140 basis points to 9 months, and we will continue to do 
that. With the kind of product profiling and portfolio and the luxury 
growing much faster, we expect our margins to grow 100 to 125 basis 
points every year for the next 3 years, thereby growing on the 15% kind 
of margin in next year. So, we expect that the business model that 
should be achievable. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you very much. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Kumar from Niveshaay. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Kumar: 
How much margins do you make in per ml pack, from 90 ml pack to 
750 per ml packs? So, for example, from 90 ml pack to 750 ml pack, 
how much margins do you make? In EBITDA-wise, in terms of EBITDA? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Again, if you can repeat your question. 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Rohit Kumar: 
How much margin do you make from 90 ml pack to 750 ml pack? Is the 
margin similar in terms of EBITDA-wise? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The question actually, it is the margins are at the price point. And 
basically, whether it is 90 ml or 180 ml or 750 ml, depending on the 
price point of that segment and the margin, EBITDA the cost decision 
has been made. 
Rohit Kumar: 
So, each segment has different margin side. So, can you give us the 
margins on the blended wise? How much blended margin do you 
make in the 90 ml pack or 180 ml pack or 750 ml pack? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As I said, Rohit, it is actually not 90, 180 ml. We say in our SKUs. When 
we launch any products or we market any product, the price segment, 
where we are offering all the segments 180, 750, 375, this is a 
composite basket of margin we're seeing on the contribution level. So, 
we can't distinguish between 90 ml margin versus 750 ml margin. 
Rohit Kumar: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. That’s from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kumar from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Thanks for taking my question. Most of the questions are answered. 
Just wanted to have 1 clarification that ex AP and the P&A category, 
what was the growth in this quarter? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
In P&A category? 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Ex-Andhra Pradesh. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See our P&A category has grown by 17.7% in the quarter. And as far as 
P&A category goes, excluding Andhra also our growth has been higher 
than 17.7%.  
Amar Sinha:  
Because our growth is broad base, across geographies. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
And sir, you have guided for Rs. 500 crores from Semi-Luxury & Luxury 
segment. So, what kind of margins that this category can generate, any 
estimate you can give? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We do not quantify what margin is in the segments, but definitely, in 
the Luxury and Semi-Luxury segment, that’s Royal Ranthambore and 
Above, the margin is much, much higher than the P&A category. 

 
 
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Pankaj Kumar: 
So, like you are saying, to get to 125 bps, the margin improvement that 
you are looking at every year. So, what portion would be driven by your 
mix changes versus your raw material advantage? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, raw material advantage, the grain prices had gone up in October, 
December quarter, I think it was the highest. So, we are at a 
disadvantage, so this all margin is contributed because of the product 
mix and optimization. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
And sir, CAPEX, what kind of CAPEX that we are looking this year and 
the next year? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
We have done with all our major CAPEXs and our CAPEX run rate will 
be Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 125 crores every year for the next 2 to 3 years. 
This is after both our large projects are over.  
Pankaj Kumar: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
A reminder to the participants, anyone wishing to ask a question, may 
please press “*” and 1. The next question is from the line of Rohan 
Patel from Turtle Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Patel 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes.  
Rohan Patel 
Yes. Yes, thanks for this opportunity. I have a question regarding our 
Country Liquor business and non-IMFL business. Seeing your 
financials for FY24, we did somewhere around Rs. 1,300 crores in non-
IMFL segment, and roughly 50% of that comes from Country Liquor. 
But when we look at our margins in non-IMFL segment, they are near 
to mid-single digit. And when we see some of our peers in Country 
Liquor in UP market, they are currently doing a healthy double-digit 
margin of 14% to 17%. So, can you explain the difference in this? Like 
why are margins so low? And in '23, we were negative EBITDA. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the question is that our Country Liquor business is only in one 
state, it is in the Utter Pradesh. As far as the other players, they might 
be doing in 2-3 more states. So, we are talking about only UP, where 
the margin in the Country Liquor are in the mid-single digits. And as 
you say, the rest of the Non-IMFL business is the alcohol sales, where 
also the margin has been squeezed, because of the high inflation in 
grain prices. There also the margin has squeezed to a mid-single-digit 
kind of number. So, seeing what we have feel that FCI has opened up 

 
 
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
and all that, it's all a question of how the market behaves and declining 
trends, then we can see some improvement in that segment also. 
Rohan Patel 
Okay, but seeing your close competitor who operates Country Liquor 
in 1 state and that too in UP who is having a market share of say, 25% 
to 27% and does 200 million-liter in Country Liquor in UP, so they have 
fairly healthy EBITDA compared to us, mostly twice than ours. So, is it 
due to geographies that you cater to within a state district-wise? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
I think we are talking about Uttar Pradesh, and somebody doing it. So, 
Uttar Pradesh we have a mix of grain-based Country Liquor as well as 
molasses-based Country Liquor. I'm giving you the mid-single-digit 
margin mix of UPML and Country Liquor being sold. 
Amar Sinha: 
Let me explain this to you. There are 2 large players in UP, including 
us. The margins for Country Liquor remain more or less the same. 
There is no difference, because the SKUs that both the companies sell 
are the same. The strengths that the other player sell is also the same. 
So, the EBITDA margins cannot be different unless you include some 
other businesses in it. 
Rohan Patel 
Okay. And what we have seen is that this is towards the IMFL business 
and in P&A segment, what we have observed is that lot of competition 
is coming in, a lot of brands are coming in. But we are seeing that 
Millionaires' portfolio of companies that are doing over 1 million cases 
have been coming from well-established legacy brands like Radico, 
USL or Allied. So, what advantage does a company like Radico has over 
a new entrant or new brands that are coming up, celebrity brands, 
which are coming up lately? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Actually, the industry is surrogate and there is a complete blackout of 
the brand being positioned and brand not being shown, so definitely 
incumbent has better chances. 
Amar Sinha: 
National players like Radico have had the benefit of distribution and 
marketing strength. And with this scale of operation, there is a definite 
advantage for new brands produced by national companies as against 
smaller players. It's very difficult for new entrants to sustain today, 
because the cost of entry and the cost of sustenance is very, very high. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay. That fairly answers my questions. Thank you for this 
opportunity. 

 
 
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to the participants, anyone wishing to ask a 
question, may please press “*” and 1. Participants, if you wish to ask a 
question, you may please press “*” and 1. As there are no further 
questions, I now hand the conference over to the Management for the 
closing comments. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes. So, moving forward, we will continue to deliver a strong Prestige 
and Above volume growth, driven by our diverse brand portfolio. 
Secondly, we will further develop our luxury brand portfolio which we 
see a major contributor to our profitability. Furthermore, we are 
focused on ensuring that our investment operates as efficiently as 
possible. This will enable us to generate cash, repay debt and return 
cash to the shareholders. 
We look forward to interacting with you in all our next earnings call. In 
the meanwhile, if you have any queries or follow-up, please feel free 
to write to us. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the Management team.  
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Dolat Capital Markets Private 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Senior Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
