 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code Equity: 505537 
                    
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ZEEL EQ 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call  
 
This has reference to our communication dated January 23, 2025 and pursuant to the 
provisions of Regulation 46(2)(oa)(iii) read with Schedule III of Part A of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), the 
transcript of the conference call held on January 23, 2025, on the Company's performance for 
the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024, is attached herewith. The said 
transcript is also available on Company's website at: 
 
https://assets-prod.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/Q3-FY25-Earnings-call-
Transcript.pdf  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ashish Agarwal  
Company Secretary 
FCS6669 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Ashish Ramesh 
Agarwal
Digitally signed by Ashish Ramesh Agarwal 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2117, 
pseudonym=1334468598900485079gGu4B67ly5Cuy, 
2.5.4.20=1bae016adfa46bb588a685c7f2771bc2dc417f
4500a4a36bf9dcb2b25f0928f6, postalCode=400064, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=2d484d33b95e6004b8529e3fc750f2413
e1a7b7b01ecb532e879129f4a45d565, cn=Ashish 
Ramesh Agarwal 
Date: 2025.01.30 17:51:16 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Q3 FY’25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL  
January 23, 2025 
Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in conjunction with 
the accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in the transcript is a textual representation 
of the company's event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate transcription, there may be material errors, 
omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for 
clarity, correctness of data or transcription error. This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, 
statements related to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future 
business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” 
“seeks,” “should” or “will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, 
uncertain. These uncertainties may cause actual future results to be materially different that those expressed in such forward-
looking statements. The company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY‘25 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*,” 
then “0” on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh – Head of Investor 
Relations, Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thank you, Sejal.  
Hi, everyone. And welcome to our Q3 FY‘25 earnings discussion. We have with us 
today our CEO – Mr. Punit Goenka, along with the Senior Management Team. We will 
start with opening remarks from Mr. Goenka, followed by commentary on Operating 
and Financial Performance by Mr. Mukund Galgali – Deputy CEO and CFO. We will 
subsequently open the floor for questions and answer. 
Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone on the call that some of the 
statements made or discussed today will be forward-looking in nature and must be 
viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties we face. The Company does 
not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements publicly. With that, 
I will now hand the call over to Mr. Goenka. 
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you Mahesh.  
Good evening, everyone! Warm wishes to all of you for a wonderful 2025.  
Thank you for joining us this evening to discuss the Company’s performance in the 
third quarter of the financial year 2024-25. Today, I would like to share some macro-
level insights about the Company’s performance during the quarter and the trends 
witnessed by the industry. Post this, Mukund will take you through the granular details 
of our performance and the key numbers.  
As you would have noted, the Company’s focus during the first three quarters of this 
fiscal was around strengthening the fundamentals of the business, and pivoting 
strategies to enhance the performance and profitability levels. We have implemented 
several action-oriented steps that have translated in our year-on-year margin 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
expansion. The fiscal prudence exercised across the Company has served us well, 
enabling us to maintain a firm grip on the margin profile and balance sheet. The first 
phase of our overall strategic roadmap, centred around costs and margins has been 
successfully executed, and our energies are focused towards boosting growth and 
performance. 
That said, the overall macro-economic environment remains challenging. The green- 
shoots we witnessed during the beginning of the quarter, did not pick up the required 
pace to drive a positive growth momentum. This, coupled with the muted spending 
by FMCG brands in a festive quarter, further slowed the pace of growth for the 
industry at large. Although there was a marginal uptick in rural recovery, the lacklustre 
sentiment in urban markets led to weaker demand and impeded significant growth. 
This in turn, also impacted our advertising revenues during the quarter. However, 
improving consumption is expected to drive a positive momentum for recovery going 
forward. We are hopeful that the upcoming Union Budget will encompass pertinent 
steps by the Hon. Finance Minister, to revive the consumption cycle in order to spur 
the industry. On the back of these factors, we remain optimistic about a gradual 
recovery in the new fiscal, that will enable us to capitalize on the increased spending 
by advertisers.  
During the quarter, subscription revenues continued to post healthy growth. In line 
with the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India’s (TRAI) tariff regulations, we have 
published the new Reference Interconnect Offer (RIO) that reflects the competitive 
pricing approach adopted by the Company. We expect subscription revenues to 
continue growing after a couple of quarters of implementation.  
ZEE5 has also enabled us to consistently move the needle on subscriptions and 
margins. We are taking concerted steps to enhance the growth on digital, post a 
thorough calibration of the cost structure, and we should be able to talk more about 
that in the coming few quarters.  
On the linear side, our language markets continue to maintain a strong foothold and 
post positive results. We are also witnessing an uptick in the Marathi market, where 
we have invested significant amount of time and energy over the last few quarters to 
identify and fill in the required gaps. We are focused towards strengthening our Hindi 
programming and considerable investments are being made in content to enhance 
the value for our consumers.  

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Speaking about our music and movies business, Zee Music Company has maintained 
healthy profitability and market relevance. However, it was a lean quarter for the 
movies business. That said, we have key releases lined up during the fourth quarter, 
and these will reflect in our performance going forward.  
At a macro level, we are maintaining a sharp eye on the profitability levels and 
investing for long-term growth. We have identified the gaps, and our teams are 
working round the clock to innovate and build solutions that will enhance the 
Company’s competitive advantage in the market.  
The Company remains on a firm footing to drive robust growth in the future, with a 
balanced investment approach. The lateral leadership team structure is enabling the 
Company to direct concerted efforts towards each business segment, and we remain 
optimistic about firing on all engines as we move forward.  
On that note, I would like to hand over the call to Mukund, to elaborate on the 
Company’s financial and operating metrics during the quarter. I look forward to 
interacting with you all during the Q&A session later.  
Thank you. Over to you Mukund. 
Mukund Galgali: 
Thank you, Punit. Good evening, everyone. And it's great to connect with all of you. I 
will briefly touch upon some of the Key Financial Highlights during the quarter.  
We are pleased with the continued progress in the business as reflected in healthy 
profitability amidst the challenging macro environment. Q3 FY’25 was a soft quarter 
for advertising growth, wherein broad consumption slowdown outweighed festive 
season pickup. While we did see some pick up in October closer to Diwali, the 
momentum quickly cooled down in November, December. 
From our vantage point, the impact of this consumption weakness and resultant 
FMCG Ad spend slowdown has been more pronounced in the Urban areas and in the 
Hindi heartland, while South cluster or other language markets are still holding 
relatively better. As a result, our Ad revenues were up 4% QoQ and still down 8% YoY. 
We are continuing to look at ways to maximise Ad revenues in this environment and 
will remain cautious in the near term on the pace of our Ad revenue growth.   
  
Through this phase, the subscription revenue momentum has held us in good stead, 
it has allowed us to offset the macro-Ad environment led softness in our advertising 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
revenues. We have been able to drive healthy YoY growth in subscription revenues 
and our nine-months FY’25 subscription revenues are up 8.2%. We have also 
published, as Punit alluded, the new channel tariff which will help us to continue 
growth after a couple of quarters of implementation.   
On the broadcasting business, the TV industry landscape remains healthy, and the 
overall industry wide TV viewership has increased by 1.4%. Further, we continue to be 
a strong #2 entertainment network in India, and we have gained 40 bps share to 16.9% 
compared to the same period last year. And as Punit mentioned, again, Zee Marathi 
has shown a consistent progress post our interventions. And Zee Tamil has also gained 
healthy share on a YoY basis.   
On the digital side, ZEE5 has further narrowed its operating losses in this quarter. It’s 
EBITDA loss is lower by Rs 22.6 Cr QoQ & Rs 107.8 Cr YoY basis. While cost structure 
and profitability has been a key focus area for us in this business, we also continues 
to make steady progress on usage and engagement KPIs. Both the total number of 
subscribers and average watch time during this quarter has grown on a YoY basis. ZEE5 
YoY revenue growth of 8% is slightly impacted due to a delay in the renewal of a B2B 
deal, which completed its term in September 2024, and the new commercials are still 
being discussed.  
As we have shared before, in ZEE5 we remain sharply focused on maintaining a 
balanced cost structure and driving return on investments to sustain long-term 
growth, and that rigour also applies to how we assess and evaluate each revenue 
opportunity. We want to secure the right price for our content and digital offering and 
would not like to give into the short term temptation to chase near term growth on 
any cost which may undermine our long term monetization potential.  
Our original content in ZEE5 continues to resonate well with the viewers. We have 
released 14 shows and movies during this quarter, which includes seven originals and 
includes some of them namely Mithya Season 2, Aindham Vedham which is a 
Southern language show, Despatch, Vedaa, Dharamveer 2 and a few others. 
Coming to the movie business, Q3 FY’25 was a lean movie calendar for us as Punit 
mentioned.  And given the nature of movies business, there is always going to be 
some quarterly peaks and troughs. During this quarter, we released 5 movies, 2 Hindi 
and 3 regional. which were all distribution deals. And therefore, “Other Sales and 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Services” revenues have shown a declined 43% YoY due to lower syndication and 
leaner movie lineup.  
On Music business, Zee Music Company (ZMC) remains #2 music channel with around 
160 mn subscribers of YouTube and over 43 bn total video views during the quarter 
driven by the new-age music catalogue and rich library. Within the music business, 
our profitability remains fairly healthy. In the near term we are being selective in 
pursuing growth given the changes the music industry is witnessing, and around a 
fewer number of streaming players, changing revenue model and higher cost of music 
rights currently.  
Now moving to costs and Profitability of the company, on an overall operating cost 
declined by 10% YoY due to overall efficient execution, lower programming and 
technology cost and continued cost optimization in ZEE5. We are also very mindful 
about balancing our cost optimisation efforts with longer-term investment needs of 
the business and we are taking a very nuanced approach in this entire exercise. While 
we have reduced our overall cost and driven efficiencies in specific areas like content, 
Technology etc, you would also notice that we have invested back in specific areas to 
strengthen the growth fabric of the business.  Our Advertising and publicity expenses, 
for the quarter and nine-months period are hence higher, reflecting our continued 
investments in marketing. Our employee expenses have increased on a QoQ basis as 
we have rolled out wage increments from September.  
Effective cost management in a soft advertising environment, has helped us maintain 
our momentum on profitability with our EBITDA margins up 10 bps QoQ, and up 590 
bps YoY. During this quarter, we have also made a provision of Rs 809 mn based on 
the arbitration outcome related to Margo, the details of which can be found in the 
notes to accounts in the published results. This is a non-cash impact, but it has 
adversely impacted our reported net profit.  
PAT from continued operations for the quarter came in at Rs 1,636 mn, which shows 
a robust increase of 207% on a YoY basis, reflecting significant progress in business 
fundamentals and a streamlined cost base.  
On the balance sheet, our focused efforts have strengthened our liquidity and 
financial position. During Q3FY’25, we have paid Rs 1 per share dividend. The cash & 
treasury investments as of Dec’24 stood at Rs 17 bn, including Rs 2 bn from FCCB 
proceeds. The cash & treasury investments include Cash balance of Rs 4.2 bn, FDs of 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Rs 7.1 bn and investment in Mutual Funds Rs 5.7 bn. Our content inventory has 
continued to decline driven by optimised acquisition. Dec’24 Content inventory, 
advances and deposits were at Rs 69.9 bn, lower by Rs 4.3 bn on YTD basis.  
I am also happy to share the progress we have made in our ESG journey and in 
November’24 we have published our first ESG report highlighting our strong ESG 
practices and disclosures. This report is available on website of the company, and I 
would encourage each one of you to look through that. Our ESG progress is also 
reflecting in our improved 3rd Party External ESG ratings & scores.  Going forward, we 
will continue to accelerate our ESG agenda.  
Moving into Q4 FY’25 & next financial year FY’26, having made good strides on 
margins front, accelerating revenue growth remains our key priority. We feel good 
about levers in the business to deliver sustained profitability while making room for 
growth related investments. However, as mentioned earlier, the path of margin 
expansion now has a higher degree of dependency on growth and operating leverage. 
Q4 will also see a busier movie calendar and while that should aid the revenue growth, 
it may also bring some unpredictability on margins depending on the commercial 
successes of the movies. Having said that, we firmly remain committed to our stated 
EBITDA margin aspirations by end of FY’26 and believe we will continue to balance 
the dual objectives of stepping up growth while managing costs very judiciously.  
Back to you Mahesh. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thanks, Mukund. We can now open the call for questions and answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Wealth and Investment 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Congrats on the margin expansion. My first question is on the movie production 
business and music rights business, choosing between the two for you as a Company. 
So, movie production business in FY‘25 has been extremely challenging in terms of 
Hindi movies. Most have not done well; few sporadic successes are there only. And 
your latest movie in Q4 also till now has seen very muted response. So, why not 
reduce the focus on a riskier part of the business and flow that towards say music 
rights business? You did mention that music rights, you want to be a bit cautious, 
given the landscape change the music rights are going more expensive, so wanted to 
understand what is the landscape change, is it that the foreign players are entering 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
the Indian music rights industry more aggressively? Or is it the listed players now 
getting more aggressive? So, if you could elaborate on these two aspects. 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, Abneesh. Yes, I think as Mukund mentioned in his opening remarks, we do 
evaluate the mix between movies and music based on what the return profiles are 
going to be. So, the risk reward ratio is evaluated on a regular basis on a per content 
basis as well. So, we do it, but we do have to also look at the fact that the movies 
business also works as a feeder business for us, and our basic requirement of what 
we require internally has to be met.  
On the music part, yes, as we stated that the music rights are getting a bit aggressive 
in the market, but from what I see, it's largely from the domestic players itself. I do 
not see that much aggression yet from the international players, but you never know 
what may change in the coming future. 
Abneesh Roy: 
But Punit, further elaborating on that, I understand movie production does feed into 
your own linear TV and OTT, and we have seen now that the movie satellite rights, 
and TV rights are also correcting because of the consolidation in terms of the number 
of players, which is a good thing. But on the other hand, if you see the music business, 
clearly subscription, that path towards paid subscription, that is improving, but still 
not fully achieved. So, in that context, from a more predictable and viability business, 
isn't music making more sense for you? I understand the listed music companies now 
getting more aggressive and they are pure play and it's the main business for them. 
But your presence and your brand is also very strong in the music business. So, from 
a viability and predictability, irrespective of whether feeder business or linear TV is 
there or not, shouldn't you focus more on that also? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Abneesh, it does not mean that we do not focus on that. It's about capital 
allocation to which business, how we do it. And we do not take money away from one 
vertical for the benefit of another vertical. So, rest assured, our focus on the music 
business will not shift. Of course, we are going to be even more cautious on the Hindi 
movie segment that you talked about. I think on the language side, the movies are 
still doing reasonably well. So, we will continue our film production business. How 
much we invest in which language is something that we evaluate on a monthly and a 
quarterly basis. 
Abneesh Roy : 
Sir, my second and last question is on revenue acceleration. You have done well on 
the gross margin, EBITDA margin, good delivery, I would say ahead of expectation. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
And you did mention that now the margin improvement will be more a function of 
revenue acceleration or revenue growth coming back, in terms of at least advertising, 
subscription you are doing well. So, my question on advertising is essentially two, one 
is, FMCG, clearly rural is something more recovery will keep happening and urban 
clearly two more quarters of slowdown is definitely there in terms of FMCG. As a 
proactive step in terms of rural FMCG advertising, say local advertising or say any 
other proactive step, are you doing something different to capture the rural recovery? 
Given urban you can't do much. That is the first part of the question. I have one more 
follow-on question on advertising. 
Punit Goenka: 
So, if you look at our entire language market, as Mukund talked about in his remarks, 
it's coming from the function of both, the performance of those language markets 
plus, given the fact that retail is a very large part of those markets for us. And retail 
generally does focus a lot more on rural than purely on urban. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Also, Abneesh, on that question about advertising revenue. I think there are other bits 
which we are doing in terms of, one, if there's an opportunity to get revenues from 
other sectors or segments beyond FMCG, that's one. The second thing you would 
notice in the numbers, and we give you this split as well that, we have also focused, 
while these are smaller bases, but just gives you a sense of how we are thinking this 
through, we have also focused very sharply on international Ad sales for that matter. 
So, if you look at, while the domestic ad sales have been slower, you look at our nine-
month FY‘25 international Ad sales YoY is almost up 22%. So, I think what we are trying 
to do is, as we navigate this space, look at pockets of revenue, Punit alluded to retail, 
other sectors also if there are markets outside partnerships with some device makers 
or European markets, international etc. So, everything possible is what we are doing. 
And our internal assessment suggests that our nine-month blended Ad sales 
performance even in domestic is ahead of our peer group. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir on the advertising two quick follow up, one is, international, there is a slowdown. 
Everyone is talking about Europe recession, etc. So, is it that you are doing well 
because of a soft base or something proactive you have done, if you could talk about 
it?  
Second is, your market share in linear TV has expanded, a clear consolidation, the 
number one player now is part of a big conglomerate with ten other priorities. So, my 
question specific is, now you are a pure play good number two player in the linear 
team. And because the other player is part of a conglomerate and they are very big, 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
and now they are sitting at a very strong dominant share, would you see that as a 
positive? Because as I said, they have other priorities also as a conglomerate and you 
can always be more of a niche and sharper and faster execution, so I wanted to 
understand that from a competitive dynamic point of view, from advertising point of 
view. 
Punit Goenka: 
So, I will answer the first one, Abneesh. If you look at it in the international markets, 
well, yes, you may consider that the slowdown is happening in certain markets, etc. 
But keep in mind that we are a niche player in those markets, and therefore impact 
on us is very miniscule. Therefore, our growth is not only because of soft base, but 
also because we are going out and targeting specific advertisers that need to go after 
our diaspora or the diaspora that we address even in markets like South Africa, etc. 
On the other one, it is too early to comment, Abneesh. I do not think we can discuss 
every strategy on an open call. Maybe we can take that offline with you. 
Abneesh Roy: 
No more directionally, are you seeing some early signs that competitive pressure is 
reducing? One is, one player is gone, right, from a four-player market or a three-player 
market now it is essentially one player lesser, so that clearly is there. Second, any early 
signs of this are you seeing in terms of any numbers? 
Punit Goenka: 
It's too early to comment, Abneesh. I think maybe next quarter we can talk a little 
more in depth on that. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Also, from the context standpoint, Abneesh, for the whole industry it's been a smaller 
pie to that extent. So, ad sales have not just been declining for us, it's been declining 
for industry. So, what the analysis or the trend line which you are saying look, is the 
incremental flow getting consolidated lot more to top two, three players has not really 
played out, it’s a little bit more reverse situation where the pool has shrunk little bit. 
So, we will have to wait and see how this plays out. But like you would have seen even 
in last year, FY’24, our overall ad sales performance was ahead of the peers, despite 
we having lesser exposure to genres like sports or other people having higher impact 
properties and so on. So, I think I would only leave it at the point that, look, we are a 
much more hungry and nimble organization when it really comes to driving this, and 
that would not change now, we will have to see how the market pans itself out. But 
our competitiveness has been reflecting in our performance in past, and you will 
continue to see that as we move forward as well. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Umang Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on ZEE5. You mentioned that you have 
seen growth in subscribers. And you also mentioned that the renewal of a B2B deal 
led to a lower growth. I believe you have taken price hike, right, in at least double 
digits. Would it be possible to split the growth in these three parts, to make us 
understand better? 
Punit Goenka: 
Umang, we have not taken any price hike in this quarter. 
Umang Mehta: 
No, I mean, on YoY basis your plans are about Rs. 100 more expensive, right, versus 
earlier, is that correct? 
Punit Goenka: 
YoY, yes, I think you are right. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Yes. So, there's some bit of that blended which flows through, Umang. But also keep 
in mind that year-on-year when you are comparing your mix of customer profile is 
also very different from B2C to B2B. So, the price rise which you are talking about 
plays out in B2C part of it, but B2B is more a one-on-one negotiated conversation and 
so on. So, large part of what you are seeing, the 8% growth could have been higher if 
the base is like-to-like if you would have had the B2B deal. And the bulk of this, I would 
say, is a function of usage or higher number of subscribers. Pricing would have been 
a factor in specifically B2C cohort, but not necessarily a huge factor when you really 
look at the blended picture. 
Umang Mehta: 
And the second question was on your FCCB. So, if any update on usage, as well as 
when the next tranche is, if you can help us with anything incremental on that? 
Vikas Somani: 
So, the next tranche is due sometime in August, that's where we are expecting the 
next tranche to come. And as we have told you in the previous calls also, we are 
evaluating opportunities where we can deploy, but we are very clear we will only 
deploy this money when we find opportunities which are value accretive. So, we are 
still evaluating those, that’s a work in progress. 
Umang Mehta: 
Understood. And sorry, last one on subscription. So, you mentioned that you have 
taken price hikes, and it could take a couple of quarters for it to reflect. Would it mean 
that in the mean-time we could see some moderation in subscription growth as base 
catches up? 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Punit Goenka: 
No, the growth trajectory is already on its way, but the next level of growth may take 
a couple of quarters to kick in, is what it means. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, my question is on the RIO copy that we have filed recently, it appears that in some 
markets like Hindi, Marathi, Bangla, etc., the bookie prizes have been revised 
downwards. So, just wanted to know the reason behind it, given the fact that in some 
of these genres like for example Hindi we launched about three new shows in the last 
quarter, and even in this quarter’s PPT we have some new content come up. Even in 
Marathi and Bangla recent quarter PPT, in fact , we have some new content coming 
up. So, basically, this indicates that the monetization potential for these genres is good 
going ahead given new content is lined up. So, in that context, I mean, why is the 
pricing being revised downwards? 
Punit Goenka: 
I am not sure where you are getting that the price has been revised downwards. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
I was just comparing the RIO copy that we filed recently with the earlier version. 
Punit Goenka: 
Earlier version as in the one we filed last year? 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Right. 
Punit Goenka: 
Okay, then it could potentially be, a function of penetration versus pricing. And if by 
lowering the price we get better penetration, that could be the only reason that would 
have happened. But I would recommend that Mahesh take it up offline with you, 
because that entire data of that granularity is not available in this room as we speak. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Yes. And Jinesh, as you look at this, we would encourage you to look at this more as a 
blended basis because the teams would always take a nuanced call for market-to-
market, region-to-region, channel-to-channel, depending on objective on reach 
versus monetization. And the comments Mukund and Punit made in their opening 
remarks in terms of as a brand trying to drive sort of a growth rate you saw in past is 
really the objective. It's not necessarily the question that if I have had nine-month 8% 
sort of subscription revenue growth, every channel and genre would have given the 
similar number. There will always be slightly different objective depending on 
maturity of each region or channel or cluster. But we can discuss this more in detail, 
but I thought I would leave you that color. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure, we will take this offline. My second question is on the ZEE5 B2B deal. Now if I 
heard you right, we mentioned that the deal ended in September. And I think we are 
already four months through from that date. So, just wanted to know what is the 
probability of renewal come through, and if you could name the telco if possible? 
Punit Goenka: 
Sorry, we cannot name telco, Jinesh. And the probability of that is subject to us getting 
our right pricing that we want. So, it's about a negotiation, which is a commercial 
negotiation between two parties that are taking place. As and when that closes, we 
will disclose that, and you will get more color on that. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. My last question is on the exceptional charge that we have recorded in this 
quarter. I mean, I am going through the footnote which says that there is a Rs. 809 
million of provisions for receivables. So, does it mean that there is some recovery 
which is pending? If yes, can you quantify what is the total outstanding amount? And 
if not, I mean, what does this exactly pertain to? 
Mukund Galgali: 
So, Jinesh, as mentioned in the notes to accounts that there was an arbitration claim 
which was in process and the claim has not been admitted by the arbitrator. Now this 
was against a government body and to avoid further litigation and protracted legal 
proceedings it has been decided, on a conservative basis, and this has been provided 
in the books of accounts. So, this was a claim receivable under arbitration. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
So, what is the total outstanding amount, has the complete amount we provided? 
Mukund Galgali: 
Yes, 100%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
First question is on, in November the Board had outlined two, three valuation criteria. 
One of them was a dividend payout of 25% of consolidated PAT. So, I was wondering 
can that be construed as a formal dividend policy or a formal policy will be rolled out 
sometime in the near future?  
Mukund Galgali: 
So, Abhishek, the formal dividend policy is already available on our website, and this 
is the reiteration of our commitment to maintain that. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
So, it already states that we will be paying out 25% of consolidated value, okay.  

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
And we had skipped dividend in previous year, and this reaffirms our commitment to 
continue that path, so that's really where this starts. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
The other criteria were around growth in margin for the next four quarters. Will you 
be able to give a more detail around that? What would be the number that the Board 
has set for the performance evaluation? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Abhishek, we had recommended to the Board at the beginning of this financial 
year itself that by FY‘26 we will be targeting to get to 18% to 20% margin. And the 
Board had approved that. And we are working towards that same objective. On the 
growth part, it's difficult to say right now given the macroeconomic situation, but 
quarter-on-quarter we will give you more color. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. The second question is on ad, very little we can do about the macro 
environment. But when we are speaking to some of these media buying agencies or 
FMCG companies, I just wanted to get your view on what are the kind of conversation 
the FMCG players are talking about reprioritizing their ad budget, given there is  some 
constraint on the brand spend. Is that something they will re-look at when things 
return? Or they have kind of shifted permanently to other channels? Any color around 
the conversation that we are having, given the constrained environment that we are 
in? 
Punit Goenka: 
No, difficult to say that. But my view is that generally with FMCG, once the 
consumption cycle picks up, they will return with brand advertising as well. Right now, 
they are constrained with consumption of their own product itself, which is what is 
causing the lower spending with the media. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Maroo from Keynote Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag Maroo: 
Sir, I have one book-keeping question. I can see that we have almost Rs. 900+ crores, 
DTA (Deferred tax asset) on books. Just wanted to know that will it be helping us to 
reduce our future effective tax rate (ETR) going forward, which was around 30% in the 
last year? 
Mukund Galgali: 
Chirag, so we are constantly monitoring our ETR. And as you can see, during this 
quarter also it has come down. And we see potential in utilizing the deferred tax assets 
to keep our ETR lower, yes. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Chirag Maroo: 
What can be the expected ETR for FY’25? 
Mukund Galgali: 
We cannot give you a number, I mean we can connect offline, but we cannot really 
disclose any number right now.  
Chirag Maroo: 
Sir second question, I just wanted to understand, as you say that the ad consumption 
would pick up for FMCG and the ad spends will flow through. Just wanted to know, is 
there any change in mix of ad spends from the FMCG from television to digital taking 
place at this moment on a broad basis? 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, certainly, because they are also driving consumption, right. So, they are going 
after transaction-based advertising today. So, I do not call it a shift from television to 
that, but their objective also currently is to get more sales in. And therefore, they are 
advertising with mediums which, as you rightly said digital which is a transaction 
based medium. But we are pretty confident that the mass reach that the television 
platforms will provide to any advertiser, the digital mediums cannot provide it. 
Mukund Galgali: 
And the time spent as well on television. 
Chirag Maroo: 
Fair enough. Sir, last thing from my side. I know you have already mentioned about 
the arbitration case. Just wanted to know, we had clarity in FY‘24 that all the 
exceptional items, losses are about to end now. And in FY’25 we did not see it coming. 
Just wanted a clarification from your end that are the exceptional losses which are 
hampering our bottom line made the provisional or not. Is this over from now and or 
is there still some exceptional items left to come? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
I will let Mukund chime in, but a lot of what you saw in the previous year in terms of 
us sort of clearing things like DSRA or potential creditor claims, etc., is all behind us 
now. At this point in time, barring what you have seen in this quarter, which has come 
out of a long pending litigation, from an arbitration standpoint, there hasn't been 
anything in recent times. So, clearly, from a standpoint of as we are moving business 
forward, it's a fairly focused core business kind of profitability and P&L conversation. 
You have had a situation where an odd arbitration outcome came which had an 
implication from an exceptional item standpoint, but we expect a lot less of that. I will 
let Mukund add anything specific. 
Mukund Galgali: 
I think, so even this claim and the dispute has been reported in our financials earlier 
as well. It is only that during this quarter it got crystallized. So, this sort of has been 
called earlier as well. Further, there is a focus to reduce the legal overhang and to 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
prevent any protracted litigation and unexpected outcomes, so that remains an 
objective. 
Chirag Maru: 
And you have taken the 100% provision for this arbitration case? 
Mukund Galgali: 
That's right. 
Chirag Maroo: 
Last thing from my end, I am able to see that our ad spends have shifted from Rs. 250 
crores roughly for a quarter to almost Rs. 300 crores. Is this the new run rate we 
expect? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
So, generally the number has inched up from a trend line standpoint, Chirag, because 
we have been investing. And then what happens is, in Q3 you also have a bit of 
seasonal launches and new shows and all that. So, yes, the trend line or run rate has 
shifted because while we are driving efficiencies in overall cost structure, we are also 
mindful that we do not be short invested in business to be able to take advantage of 
growth. So, yes, the trend line has shifted. There may be some volatility you may see 
as the seasonality plays out, but generally it's going to be a higher trend line than past. 
Mukund Galgali: 
And just to add, so it will also be dependent on the movie releases, which also has 
some element of publicity and advertising. 
Punit Goenka: 
But without ex-movies and other things, this is generally the trend line which you 
should expect. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Akshat from RSPN Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Akshat Bairathi: 
So, my first question is, sir, can you share the status on the arbitration case filed by  
Star against us in the previous quarter? And my second question will be a book-
keeping question, so there has been a reduction in our depreciation this quarter, so 
can you give us any guidance on the trajectory going forward on depreciation? 
Vikas Somani: 
On the ICC arbitration, the proceedings have begun. Both the sides have made their 
filings with the court and the arbitrator. But it's still initial days, it's a relatively long 
drawn process. So, we will keep you updated as and when we progress on that. 
Mukund Galgali: 
And I will take the second one on the depreciation, Akshat, it's an organic reduction. 
I mean, there is no major shift in our asset profile or the depreciation rate. So, it would 
be around the same levels. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           January 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we will take that as the last 
question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh 
for closing comments. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thanks, Sejal. Thank you, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We hope the 
conversation was helpful for you to get a better perspective on numbers and address 
all your questions. If you have any follow-up or questions as you look at numbers even 
deeply, please feel free to reach out to us. And we look forward to speaking with you 
soon. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited, that conclude this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines.  
