February 10, 2025 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
BSE LTD. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
BSE CODE – 524208 
To, 
Listing/Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE CODE:AARTIIND 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub.: Transcript of Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
Please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, February 
3, 2025 on Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months’ ended 
December 31, 2024. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR AARTI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
RAJ SARRAF 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
ICSI M. NO. A15526 
Encl.: As above. 
. 
RAJ KUMAR 
SARRAF
Digitally signed by RAJ 
KUMAR SARRAF 
Date: 2025.02.10 
18:41:37 +05'30'

 
Aarti Industries Limited  
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2025 
  
  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Aarti Industries Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki of CDR India. Thank you. 
 
And over to you, sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Aarti Industries' Q3 FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
Today, we are joined by senior members of the management team, including Mr. Suyog 
Kotecha, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Chetan Gandhi, Chief Financial 
Officer. We will begin the call with an overview on the developments for the quarter, followed 
by highlights on the financial performance, which will be provided by Mr. Kotecha, post that, 
we shall open the forum for Q&A, where the management will be discussing queries of the 
participants. 
 
Just to share our standard disclaimer. Certain statements that may be made in today's 
conference call may be forward looking in nature. And the disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the results presentation which has been shared earlier and also uploaded on the 
stock exchange websites. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Kotecha to share his perspectives. Thank you. And over to you, 
Mr. Kotecha. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you, Nishid. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call for Q3. Before 
I commence, I would like to wish all of you a very successful and happy new year 2025. 
 
I hope you have had an opportunity to review the quarterly presentation that was uploaded on 
the exchanges over weekend. Overall, we reported a resilient performance with sequential 
improvement in EBITDA in Q3 FY '25. While pricing pressures impacted margins despite 
strong volume growth, we proactively addressed this through cost efficiencies, product 
diversification and geographic expansion. 

 
Volumes in the non-energy business grew by 14% Y-o-Y and 8% Q-o-Q, while the growth in 
the energy business came in at 10% quarter-on-quarter basis. Growth in energy business 
actually could have been better but for a large-volume bulk shipment which was spilled over 
from late December to early January. 
 
In the non-energy business, we are seeing a volume-led recovery both on Y-o-Y as well as on 
Q-o-Q basis. However, pricing pressure continues across various product chains, especially in 
agrochemical intermediates. End use applications like dyes, pigments, polymer additives 
continue to exhibit positive demand trends. We also believe inventory levels for agrochemicals 
have normalized in most end markets now.  
 
And further, in order to diversify our product base and to augment our utilization levels, we are 
engaged in the development of new products, especially within the ethylation value chain 
where we recently expanded our capacity. Additionally, we are also pursuing backward 
integration into select downstream products to enhance our margin profiles and ensure better 
control over cost and supply. 
 
Polymer and additives continue to be on the recovery path. Despite some uncertainty 
surrounding 2025 demand due to potential U.S. policy changes, we remain focused on 
increasing our market share in the global markets, especially in the U.S. and Japan, for 
polymer and additives segment. The pharma business has sustained the positive trajectory 
following the recovery in FY '24. 
 
Coming to energy business, where MMA remains a key part of our product portfolio. We are 
diversifying our solution offerings and customer base to adapt to the evolving market. The 
weak gasolines and naphtha cracks in Q3 impacted octane boosting economics. However, we 
anticipate improvement in Q4. We have also established our bulk shipment capabilities to 
serve larger clients more efficiently; and are expanding our customer base in U.S., Europe as 
well as Middle East. The broader geographic reach is now helping us mitigate regional 
slowdowns and is supporting sustainable growth. 
 
As indicated in previous communications, the ramp-up of MMA volumes will be gradual but 
consistent. Our numbers showed healthy improvement in Q3, giving us optimism for the 
future. We are also focusing on a solution-based approach leveraging our expertise to optimize 
performance and positioning MMA as a high-octane fuel additive. These efforts, fuelled by our 
commitment to growth and innovation, will position us well for long-term success in this 
evolving market. 
 
Recently we also had 2 other major developments, which I would like to highlight. We signed 
2 renewable energy power purchase agreements for solar and hybrid power with Cleanmax and 
Prozeal. With this, AIL's renewable share in total power purchase is expected to exceed 75% 
by Q1 FY '27. And we'll also accrue significant savings in power costs. One of the contracts 
will start delivering within this calendar year, versus the second one which is expected to start 
in Q1 FY '27 time frame. 

 
The second major development Re Sustainability and Recycling Private Limited; and Aarti 
Circularity Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of AIL, have joined hands to establish 
transformative first-of-its-kind India joint venture company for driving the development of 
plastic material recycling facilities which will use advanced chemical recycling technology. 
This partnership is committed to achieving a resource recovery capacity of 500 tons per day by 
2030 and will focus on chemically recycling the difficult-to-recycle plastic waste materials 
into niche and high-value chemical compounds which have good demand potential. 
 
Coming to the financial performance, revenues for the quarter was at INR2,035 crore, 14% 
higher on Q-o-Q basis while 8% higher on Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA grew by 17% Q-o-Q to 
INR236 crore. Growth was primarily led by volumes, operating leverage and product mix 
improvements. 
 
PAT was reported at INR46 crore. This was impacted by high finance costs due to forex mark-
to-market loss of INR23 crore on a long-term ECB loan arising due to rupee depreciation. It 
may be noted that this impact is due to the accounting practices, while the actual outflow will 
happen over a period of 9 years. Also, given the fact that company is a net exporter, the 
depreciation in rupee should actually benefit the company in the coming quarters. 
 
Coming to capex and capacity expansion projects, broadly, our capacity expansion initiatives 
are aligned with the growing market demand. Our projected capital expenditure for FY '25 
remains unchanged as we have mentioned in the last quarter, INR1,300 to INR1,500 crore, 
with over INR380 crore spent in Q3 and about INR1,020 crore in the 9-month year-till-date 
time frame. 
 
Let me run through the updates in respect of key capacity expansion projects and initiatives. 
Our nitrotoluene plant expansion from 30 to 45 KTPA got commissioned this quarter, is 
expected to yield benefits now in the subsequent quarters. Our expansion of ethylation facility 
from 8 to 10 KTPA to about 25 to 30 KTPA also got commissioned this quarter. This 
expansion enhances our ability and flexibility to utilize the overall ethylation capacity for 
diverse range of ethylation- and propylation-based products while also enabling the scaling up 
of production volumes within the nitrotoluene value chain. Ramp-up of both of these 
capacities will continue through Q4 and going forward. 
 
The MMA capacity expansion to 200 KTPA had already been completed, positioning us to be 
the market leader, and also increased our share in this high-growth segment. MMA capacity 
can also be expanded further, if required, with minor investments. And we will remain agile to 
market shifts and address that opportunity.  
                                               Additionally, various projects in Zone IV, our new greenfield site, are being executed in phased 
manner. And the commissioning is expected gradually through FY '26. We are pleased to 
announce that our new pilot plant at Zone IV has already begun its commercial operations. It 
will play a crucial role in fuelling new product development and allowing us to innovate and 
diversify our offerings going forward. 

 
Overall, we have room to scale up several production chains without incurring significant 
capex. Higher asset utilization offers a significant upside potential. And we remain focused on 
achieving scale in each of our value chains to realize gains from operating leverages. 
 
As shared in the last meeting, let me reiterate that we are on track and confident to meet our 
guidance shared for both short term as well as medium term. Our focus is on sustainable mid- 
to long-term growth targeting roughly 20% to 25% CAGR EBITDA over 3 to 5 year’s time 
frame. And we continue to leverage R&D to explore new products, seek long-term 
partnerships, implement our cost improvement initiatives; and targeting high-growth sectors 
such as circularity, battery and electronic chemicals. 
 
That will conclude my initial remarks. I will now request the moderator to open the forum for 
the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on good volume recovery as well as absolute 
EBITDA expansion on sequential basis. First question is on MMA, just to understand. What 
would be the threshold spreads of gasoline-naphtha or gasoline-crude at which MMA becomes 
more competitive and, at the same time, MTBE becomes more acceptable as a fuel? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So on the MMA front, we had mentioned in the last conference call that, anything where 
naphtha-gasoline differential remains in 2 digits, we still have a play. I think, in the last 
quarter, actually see gasoline-naphtha spreads were and still continue to remain under pressure. 
They were at roughly at 9.5 levels. And we were able to still deliver certain volumes to the 
market, so I guess that is indication of our competitiveness of this product in the market when 
it comes to octane boosting. 
 
As we are seeing, in Jan, we are already seeing improvement in the gasoline-naphtha spread. 
And that should enable the competitiveness of this product against some of the other octane-
boosting products even more in the Q4 and the going-forward time frame. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just a clarification on this. What would be the price differential between MMA and MTBE 
now? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
It's ever evolving. In both products, the price variation is there almost on sort of month-on-
month quarter-on-quarter basis, but roughly you can assume that MMA at any point in time 
would be roughly 1.8x to 2x of MTBE pricing. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
My second question is so we have commissioned the ethylation capacity. So effectively we'll 
need ethylene oxide, if I'm not wrong, for the capacity to operate. So in terms of sourcing of 
the same incrementally, how are we placed to get it from Reliance in terms of commitments 
for the volumes, incremental volumes, which we'll require? 

Suyog Kotecha: 
No. I think I would like to correct you there. We don't need ethylene oxide for our ethylation 
capacities. We need ethylene, for which we have a pipeline supply. And we have security in 
terms of supply where we have a long-term contract with our suppliers. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
That is it from my side. Thanks a lot for answering the questions and all the rest. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Thank you sir, for the presentation and the opportunity. Two questions from my end. Firstly, in 
terms of the pricing pressures that you mentioned, could you give some more color in terms of 
how it's moved if you compared to 2 quarters back and what you saw in 3Q and potentially 
what you're seeing quarter-to-date? That's the first question. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So overall, on the pricing pressure, frankly, I think things haven't evolved significantly. I think 
the overcapacity situation that we have in many of our product chains, especially in China, is a 
mid- to long-term problem and that will take some time to resolve, so no major incremental 
changes when it comes to quarter-on-quarter movement, especially in some chains like PDA, 
or even, for that matter, some of the chains which are linked to NCB and nitrotoluene, where 
Chinese capacity remains pretty robust. There we continue to face pricing pressure. As you go 
more downstream, on agrochemical intermediates, again where the overcapacity situation is 
quite significant, there also the pricing pressure remains quite robust. As I mentioned in our 
previous call, I think we've got used to the new reality. Based on our competitiveness, we are 
able to retain or increase market share in many of our value chains. And that's how we are 
addressing this pricing pressure. As the demand picks up and capacity utilization at a global 
level starts getting better, this will go off. And that should enable higher profitability 
percentage across the portfolio. 
 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Thank you, sir. That was very clear. The second question was on MMA. I think you mentioned 
that you're focusing on customers in the U.S., EU, ME and these various regions. Could you 
just give some more color in terms of the progress being made in getting some of these larger 
refineries onboard? And just as an extension to that, you mentioned also that you have a bulk 
shipping capability that you've put in place, so I just wanted to better understand. Once you 
have these longer-term customers in place and you have these new capabilities, how would 
that affect your margin profile vis-à-vis the spot margins? And how quickly do you think you'll 
be able to kind of get some of these benefits going into fiscal '26? Thank you. 
 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think, on the first part of the questions, we have had some successes during last quarter. 
Our exports to U.S. have gone up, where we have been able to develop a couple of strategic 
customers for this product. I think you guys would be able to see that through our export data, 
anyway. So that's one region where we've got success. I think Middle East continues to remain 
one of the markets, the first market which we have scaled up. And our efforts continue to 
develop European and Southeast Asian market for this particular product. That's on the overall 
geography as well as the customer diversification. 

 
I think, from a pricing point of view, we have better understanding now in terms of what kind 
of pricing models and what kind of pricing strategies work, which are linked to ultimately 
downstream economics for refineries and oil and gas traders. And as we evolve those pricing 
models, the margin profile will also become more stable in a mid- to long-term kind of time 
frame. And in Q3, as I mentioned, despite a significantly lower gasoline-naphtha spread, we 
were able to produce and push out more material compared to Q2. 
And that is what is 
giving us confidence that the growth potential for this product remains pretty robust. However, 
at the same time, I do want to highlight that, given the nature of the business, it does take time 
to crack new markets and new customers. And that's where we are saying that the ramp-up in 
the overall volume will be gradual and not a one-off event. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Great, sir. Just one small clarification. The capability on the bulk shipping, that would come 
through from Q4, correct? It wasn't there significantly in Q3. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No. In Q3 itself, we have done some bulk shipments. So the capability got established. Of 
course, it's getting optimized, as we speak, as we do more and more such bulk shipments, our 
ability to optimize the overall supply chain cost. The product does require very special 
capability to enable sort of long-distance bulk shipments. And we are optimizing on that 
capability, which will reduce our operating costs of doing these bulk shipments. And that 
benefit might come in, in Q4 and onwards time frame, but the capability itself got established 
in the Q3 itself. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, good morning and thank you so much. So sir, on the plastic recycling project we've 
announced a short while back, this 500 tons per day of peak capacity, could you please help us 
understand what sort of revenue and maybe EBITDA margin potential this might entail? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So overall on the Re Aarti private limited, a JV between RESL and Aarti Circularity, I think, 
let me do a step back first. In the last couple of calls, we had stated our intent from a long-term 
strategic point of view to focus on certain strategic bets. I think circularity was one such 
theme. And that's the context in which Aarti Circularity Limited got established. It's a 100% 
owned subsidiary of AIL. For Aarti Circularity Limited as an entity, we are looking at multiple 
opportunities in sustainability, circularity and recycling space. One of the most promising 
opportunities was advanced chemical recycling of plastic waste. And that is where we thought 
a partnership made a lot of sense, and the JV with RESL was established. 
 
The JV just got incorporated one week back. I think JV is in the process of establishing its own 
business plan and coming up with concrete numbers. From an aspiration point of view, both 
partners have stated their aspiration to complete 100 TPD in first 18 month’s timeframe and 
500 TPD by 2030. I think, the exact revenue potential and profitability potential, we will come 
back at a later stage. As the JV does its own business planning exercise.  

                                                The only point I will make is, from an opportunity size point of view, it's huge. If you look at 
the amount of plastic waste that gets generated in the country, we are talking about hundreds of 
KTs per month. At the Hyderabad facility which RESL operates, I think they handle anywhere 
between 8,000 to 10,000 tons per day of waste. And even if you take 10% or 12% conservative 
plastics in that, we are talking about 800 to 1,000 tons per day of plastic waste getting 
aggregated on a daily basis at one site. And they have the sites across the country, across 
international locations. 
 
So from an opportunity point of view, we remain very excited. We are focused on making the 
technology work. Currently, there is no at-scale player today in the country which does plastic 
waste recycling using chemical recycling technology. And we are focused on getting that 
technology proven. And once it's proven, then the scale-up happens in a modular kind of 
fashion, so Abhijit, I'm not giving you the exact top line, bottom line number at this stage, but 
as the JV completes its business planning exercise over the course of next few months and fine 
tunes the technology, we'll come back with more details. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Sure. Thank you. My other question was on the financials. The gross margin seemed to be 
significantly lower on a sequential basis but offset by a decline in other expenses, quite a sharp 
decline. And in that context, I was just wondering, you've articulated this cost optimization 
plan in your presentation of INR150 crore to INR200 crore. So just wondering, how much of 
that is already done? And how much is still left to be done in the context of the numbers we 
are seeing? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. No, I think we continue to remain on track in terms of our overall fixed as well as 
variable cost reduction plans. I think we are kind of 30%-40% there in terms of that journey. I 
think there still remains a lot of what's to be done, but we are confident of completing that 
exercise, as I mentioned in the last call, in the next sort of 12 to 18 months kind of time frame. 
That's on the cost initiative. 
 
On the gross margin, I just want to highlight that I think there are large-volume shipments now 
and some of them also get sort of slipped from one quarter to another quarter, so rather than 
looking at quarterly gross margin level, I would ideally encourage to look at sort of at least a 9-
month or a longer-term time frame margin average numbers. They are better indicative of 
business performance. And one additional issue which was peculiar to Q3 was in Q2, because 
our MMA volumes had dropped quite significantly, there was certain build-up of aniline, 
which is a key raw material for MMA, which happened at a relatively higher cost which got 
liquidated in Q3. So that also had a partial impact on gross margins, but in overall sense I 
think, if you look at a 9-month gross margin levels, they are potentially a better indicator of 
company's business performance versus quarterly gross margin numbers. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you. Just one last thing, if I may, just on the specialty chemicals project and the Zone 
IV greenfield that you've been articulating. Is it possible to share any further color on these in 
terms of product category or addressable market size, how easy it is for us to capture that 
market? That would really help us understand or appreciate the opportunity a little bit better. 

Suyog Kotecha: 
Zone IV, as we mentioned, this is now in the advanced stages of execution and will get 
commissioned. There are multiple blocks within Zone IV, and they will get gradually 
commissioned over the course of next 12 to 15 months. The first block of pilot plant already 
got commissioned. The next block which will get commissioned is actually a multi-purpose 
plant and a calcium chloride plant. And then the remaining blocks, which are dominantly in 
chlorotoluene value chain, will get commissioned in the sort of Q1 FY '27 kind of time frame. 
 
If you look at the potential product portfolio in that zone, it’s broadly focusing on 3 value 
chains.  One is the chlorotoluene value chain, dichlorotoluene value chain and toluene 
photochlorination value chain. I think in these 3 value chains roughly, we have a product 
portfolio of anywhere between 25 to 30 products because we will go significantly downstream 
compared to restricting ourselves at a base molecule level itself. So we have a product 
portfolio of roughly 25 to 30 products which will cater to predominantly, I think, 3 end 
markets: agro, pharma and dyes. These are the 3 large end markets which we are targeting 
through these 25 to 30 products. We have rigid product mix significantly compared to what 
was originally envisaged 2 years back. 
 
And in that context now, the domestic-export split of that product portfolio is expected to get 
revised. They have a higher domestic targeted; sort of 60-40 kind of a split when it comes to 
domestic-export, because many of these products are currently imported in the country. There 
is no other large player who manufactures these products, especially as you go more 
downstream of chlorotoluene and dichlorotoluenes. 
 
The overall configuration of that zone itself, we have made it in such a way where it's kind of 
fungible and flexible, so our total capability to produce in terms of number of products would 
be far higher, but we could select the products depending on the margin profile and the 
demand profile at a particular given time frame. So the overall zone kind of becomes a little bit 
multi-purpose kind of an asset. So the product end market and the domestic export ratio will 
keep varying, but broadly speaking given all the changes made in the configuration of the 
zone, we feel pretty confident of achieving commercial utilization in the first 1, 1.5 years kind 
of time frame. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you. That's very helpful. I'll come back in the queue for more. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Yes, thank you, sir, for the opportunity. A couple of questions. First is on to the nitrotoluene. 
Sir, volumes have declined both on Y-o-Y and on quarter-on-quarter basis. Any particular 
reason? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So we've been going through the commissioning exercise. And that, because this was a 
brownfield expansion and not a greenfield expansion, we had to manage the shutdown of the 
asset accordingly. And that had some impact on the capacity utilization number that you are 
seeing for Q3 specifically. As we move forward into Q4, you will definitely see ramp-up in the 
NT chain capacity utilization numbers. 

Aditya Khetan: 
Okay. And sir, on to the agrochemicals side, you had mentioned that the pricing pressure still 
persists. If you can highlight, sir, how much percentage of the product portfolio we are having 
competition from China, or which segment. Like, in agrochemicals only, we are witnessing 
erosion of margins? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So look. I think, agrochemical, the situation is potentially aggravated, but I think in our 
segmental portfolio you also have now domestic-export split across most of our business 
segments. And in that context, if you see energy business, for example, it's more of a market 
development exercise rather than a competition with China. So in that part of the portfolio, it's 
a different challenge compared to pricing pressure from China. Agrochem, yes, especially both 
global as well as the domestic market, we do end up competing with China given their 
significant capacity over there. I think, in the dye, pigments, printing inks market, 75% of our 
market actually comes in the domestic market. Only 25% is export. Even within that now, with 
Heubach getting acquired by an Indian entity, we expect our share of domestic market to go up 
for that particular end market, where our ability to compete with China is much, much better. 
 
Pharmaceuticals, 99% is domestic, though the pricing sometimes does get linked to import 
parity pricing from China, but still from a management of customers and an overall market 
dynamic point of view, we are relatively better positioned. Polymer and additives is one 
segment where we do end up competing with China head on because 85% of our business in 
that segment comes from exports. So the entire dichlorobenzene chain and PDA chain, where 
bulk of the volume ends up going to Western markets, especially in U.S. and Japan, that's 
where we do face pressure from China, but there also we have established certain strategies to 
counter that pressure. But that is one segment where we are exposed to Chinese competition 
quite significantly. I hope that covers broadly the 5 segments, which covers more than 90% of 
our product portfolio. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it, sir, got it. Sir, on to the capex figures also, we have reduced it from INR1,200 crore to 
around INR1,000 crore. Sir, which are the areas, like, we had so cut the capex? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
We haven't reduced the capex number, so INR 1,000 crore number that I talked about, 
INR1,020 crore, is for 9 months. I think overall here we are retaining exactly the same 
guidance as we had talked about last time, which is INR1,300 crore to INR1,500 crore. We 
will end up spending that amount of capex. So there is no one particular area where we have 
optimized on the capex. 
 
I think, Zone IV, on reconfiguration that we have done. We still maintain the overall capex 
guidance for Zone IV. There are certain debottlenecking initiatives internally within our 
existing manufacturing sites where we have put relatively higher hurdle rates right now. And 
because of that, there might be some optimization on the capex front, but broadly, the number 
remains what we had committed to in the earlier quarter’s conference call, which is INR1,300 
crore to INR1,500 crore for this financial year. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it, got it. On the PNCB business segment, Sir, we have heard from the government that 
they have banned low-quality imports and domestic low quality also of paracetamol. So does 
this give fillip to our PNCB business, higher volume growth or higher margins in any sense? 

Suyog Kotecha: 
Well, look. I think it's a very robust domestic market which is continuing to grow in sort of 
strong double digits. Well, as I said, in that segment, 99% of our product goes into domestic 
market. And any initiatives that government takes to strengthen our downstream customers 
will definitely help us both from the demand and margin standpoint. It's a globally on a net 
basis, as a country, we are importer in PNCB. Country does import decent quantity of PNCB 
every year. And in that context, the pricing does get set, to some extent linked to import parity, 
but as a segment: Your initial hypothesis is right, that both the demand as well as margin 
profile remains quite robust in that segment. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Okay, but sir, so banning of imports of paracetamol. So that should definitely benefit PNCB. 
So we are expecting like some higher volume growth. Like, earlier, we had grown by almost 
around 10% to 12%, so with this move, do you think like this growth can accelerate to 15%, 
20%? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Look. I think India, again as a country, is also net exporter for not only PNCB but also for 
downstream chain, right, so the likes of PAP and paracetamol. So I think maybe what you are 
characterizing there may not fully reflect into that story. If we had been import dependent on a 
downstream chain, then that would have given significant boost, but as a country, because we 
have significant downstream capacity. And we also do decent amount of exports for both PAP 
and paracetamol, that will not have very significant impact. From our point of view, I think, if 
you look at our capacity utilization levels, then we are roughly around 75-odd percent kind of 
capacity utilization numbers for NCB. And in the coming financial year, we expect to ramp 
that up to 80%-plus kind of level. That's the kind of volume growth we are seeing in that value 
chain. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Sir, on the MMA business. We know that the spreads have fallen to some depressed 
levels. So we are witnessing a recovery. Sir, post the normalization, whenever the spreads will 
come by, first half of '26, do you see any further levers or fundamental changes which are 
happening which could improve the spreads? Or like it will only come to the normalized level. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Look. I think the spread of downstream sectors are linked to variety of factors which are, 
frankly, beyond AIL's domain. We are talking about gasoline-naphtha spread, which have its 
own dynamics linked to refinery market globally and to large extent geopolitics as well, right. 
What we remain focused on is to ensure that we are able to place the volumes irrespective of 
the market situation. Of course, market situation does have significant impact on both demand 
and margin, but given our penetration levels when it comes to overall octane booster market 
globally, especially compared to some of other octane booster, our penetration levels are 
significantly low, so our first and primary focus remains on how do we get more customers. 
How do we penetrate into more regions? 
 
And how do we create multiple business models to serve these new customers and new 
geographies? That will remain our primary focus. What is giving us confidence increasingly is 
that even in suppressed market we are able to place volumes to a decent degree. And that's 
what is giving us optimism that we should be able to ramp up our capacity utilization numbers 
over the course of next few quarters. 

Aditya Khetan: 
One clarification on capex. Sir, you said that INR1,200 crore, but in the presentation, I 
believe, sir, it is mentioned INR1,000 crore for '26 complete, versus for FY '25 it is 
around INR1,300 crore. Just a clarification: You mentioned INR1,200 crore for '26 also. 
Chetan Gandhi: 
 The 9-month capex is around INR1,020 crore for FY'25. We are on track in terms of guidance 
given of around INR1,300 crore to INR1,500 crore of capex in this financial year FY25. As 
regards FY '26, the capex would be a number which will be a bit lower than INR1,000 crore. 
So that is how the capex numbers are going to be there. I guess this clarifies the question. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Arun Prasath: 
Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on your long-term 
guidance of INR1,800 crore EBITDA. Can you just approximately indicate, what is the 
equivalent revenue for this INR1,800 crore EBITDA? Top line for this, corresponding to this 
EBITDA. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So that number of EBITDA is based on EBITDA assumption of 14% to 15%, right, so you can 
back calculate the revenue on the basis of that and Arun, as I had mentioned previously, we 
like to focus on absolute EBITDA and not necessarily give revenue guidance because bulk of 
our raw materials are linked to crude, right, benzene, aniline, which are 2 of our largest raw 
materials. The pricing is linked to crude, and depending on how crude behaves, I think our top 
line can vary significantly. And that's where; I think, our intention always is to talk about 
absolute EBITDA rupees in crore, when we have a lot more control versus talking about top 
line. 
Arun Prasath: 
No, the reason I'm asking is for this is, I mean, 15% EBITDA margin and obviously our 
overall gross fixed assets will be close to INR9,000 crore, INR10,000 crore, so the asset turns 
comes to be around 1x to 1.2x. So is this the normalized asset turns on which we'll be working 
for the future projects as well? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think, as a management, we are focused on improved ROIC, not necessarily asset turn is one 
of the metrics, but I think what we look at more and continue to sort of initiatives to improve 
our ROIC number and ROCE numbers. And as we have indicated in our mid-term guidance, 
our objective is to hit 14%, 15% kind of ROCE and ROIC numbers. And I think we remain 
quite confident of hitting those numbers in our 3-year plan. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay, because if asset turns remain same and margins also remain same, then expansion in the 
ROCE won't be coming. So something has to give in, right, to get better ROCEs? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No. If you look at the overall asset block point of view, I think, after the Zone IV 
commissioning, from next year, onwards, our actual capex, will see tapering of numbers. We 
are at INR1,300 crore to INR1,500 crore right now. We'll go down to INR1,000 crore next 
year. And capex subsequent to that will be linked to the growth opportunities that we are 
pursuing, but on existing product portfolio, there is a tapering of capex. 

At the same time, a lot of the growth both in top line and bottom line, significant chunk of that, 
is coming from existing assets. So if you put all of that together, we feel, based on our bottom-
up plan that we have put together for the next 3 years, 14% to 15% kind of ROCE numbers on 
EBITDA of INR1,800 crore to INR2,200 crore is doable. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood. My second question is more on the near term. So on the tariffs, sorry I joined late, 
if I missed, can you please help explain? Within our portfolio, which category or which 
products or which chemistry will be the winners or losers when you account for these tariffs? 
Because there will be winners because we will be more competitive against these countries 
against which is putting tariffs. There will be losers because these countries will be dumping 
those products which they couldn't sell to U.S. And they will be dumping somewhere in the 
other export markets. So how should we look at this overall scenario with respect to our 
portfolio? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So as you yourself answered this question, Arun, partially, I think the scenario is mixed and I 
think it's very early to have a definitive perspective. I think we are still looking at evolving 
market landscape and how these tariffs play out in the global market. At a very superficial 
level, if you look at it, I think broadly two of our segments. Polymer and additives is a segment 
where we have significant exposure to U.S. market; I think, could ideally see tailwind because 
there we compete against China for most of our products going into U.S. market. 
 
And the second is agrochem, where you have some of the intermediates like S-Metachlor and 
Dicamba, where we are a major supplier of those agrochem intermediates; could see some 
tailwind because there also one of the prominent end market is U.S. 
 
And not only tariffs but also regulatory levers could also play a role in terms of growth of this 
end agrochem molecules, but as we say that, if you do sort of peel the onion 2-3 levels deeper, 
I think there will be repercussions of these tariff barriers on to other markets. The competition 
intensity in other markets may increase as people try to push their capacities and that could 
have an implication when it comes to pricing and margins in some of the other markets. Also 
how people react to U.S. tariff itself could have an impact on the overall demand profile within 
the U.S. market. So on a superficial level, that's what I could answer at this stage, but I think 
all of us need to wait and watch to see how overall scenario plays out, to really ascertain the 
impact of the latest initiatives taken by U.S. government. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay, understood. On rupee depreciation, if rupee were to depreciate further, we should be, on 
a rupee basis, we should be seeing higher realization. Or this will get somehow discounted on 
the pricing itself. Is the demand good enough to realize this dollar strengthening now? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think I'll answer the question on 2 fronts. One, in general, rupee depreciation, from a long-
term business growth point of view, is beneficial for AIL given we have a significant export 
exposure. From a business standpoint, rupee depreciation definitely helps us. The second part 
of that question is what's also important is the relative depreciation against China. I think we 
don't have to necessarily look at only INR-USD depreciation, but we also have to look at 
relatively Chinese currency depreciation versus INR. And that is where the real competitive 
advantage comes around. 

 
We are sort of closely evaluating both. I think, from a USD point of view, we have actually 
depreciated and that will help the business going forward, but if you look at relative 
depreciation of Chinese currency, then the depreciation quantity is actually a lot smaller, which 
means the Chinese have also depreciated their currency. And given especially now the tariff 
issues that have got launched into last few days, we have to closely look out for how Chinese 
currency behaves over the course of next few months and that will potentially ascertain how 
much it will sort of benefit or not benefit AIL. 
Arun Prasath: 
Thanks for answering all the questions on this. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Surya Narayan Patra from PhillipCapital India. Please 
go ahead. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Yes, okay. So in the base business, we have seen obviously there is a kind of a pricing pressure 
and all that and a consistent drag in the recent quarters, but the recent month data point is 
indicating obviously there is improvement. But if you can give some sense of what is 
happening there in the base business: What is the kind of volume-value mix changing? And 
also within that, how qualitatively the product mix changing. And how should one think, going 
ahead, about it? So if you can give some sense, that would be helpful, sir. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So on the base business, Surya, the pricing levels have stabilized. As I'd mentioned in the last 
quarter, potentially, they'll obviously remain at a level which we do not like, but at least they 
have stabilized. And now what we are doing is trying to get the volume gains back, which is 
helping improve the base business portfolio. As we get our asset utilizations up and volumes 
back, we are also able to optimize the product mix to ensure that we are diverting capacity 
where we are expecting better margin profiles and that will start to play out in the next few 
months. For example, in ethylation where we have 25 to 30 KTPA capacity, we have ability to 
produce a variety of ethylation- and propylation-based products. So as the base utilization 
levels, once we are able to reach certain levels, then we start playing the product mix game, 
which is where we are able to optimize profitability much better. 
 
And that same scenario will get repeated across value chains. Our first priority is to get the 
utilization to certain respectable levels. Once we start hitting that, then try and optimize 
product mix to ensure that we are further able to optimize on the margins from a product mix 
point of view. The base pricing upgrades itself, I think they will come when they come. As the 
demand in the overall global market catches up with the capacity, at that point in time, the base 
pricing upgrades itself will come, but we are not banking on it right now. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Okay, so that means, in a way, the gross margin pressure, what we have been seeing, so far, 
even if the price remains at these levels, because of the improving product mix, we are going 
to see uptick definitely in the subsequent quarters? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Ideally, yes. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Okay. Second point is on the MMA business, sir. So you have said a couple of things. You 
said that there was a bulk shipment that has been delayed and deferred to the following quarter. 
That is one and despite that, this quarter number, our volume number, is one of the best, so far 

MMA export is concerned. And also, simultaneously, you have indicated about new customers 
getting added to this business, and this quarter also witnessed the spreads, lower spreads 
between the naphtha and the gasoline. 
 
So given all these things, it looks like that, I mean, next following quarters, obviously there is a 
seasonal uptick that we will see but much beyond that seasonal uptick that we should see in 
terms of the volume and the overall business in MMA. Am I right saying, sir? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think 2 clarifications. One, if you are looking at the capacity and utilization trend chart 
that we now provide as part of our analyst presentation, it talks about production number, not 
about sales numbers. So then we said that one of the bulk shipment got delayed from late 
December to early Jan. However, that volume will be captured in the production numbers 
shown in that slide because they are production number, not sales numbers. That's one 
clarification. The second part of your question: Yes. I think, as we see stabilization or 
improvement in gasoline-naphtha trend, ideally it should encourage more and more customers 
to try out our product. So people who are sort of using our product increase the volume in 
terms of usage of this product. That remains our focus area. At the same time, we want to be 
transparent in communicating that the gasoline-naphtha spreads that we saw, post starting of 
Russia-Ukraine war, for 18- to 24-month kind of time frame, they're unusually high. I think we 
don't expect the market to go back to these levels of gasoline-naphtha spread. If you look at 
last-10-year, last-15-year historical average gasoline-naphtha spread numbers, then that is 
potentially more indicative of where market could stabilize. And our objective is to make this 
business work and thrive at those gasoline-naphtha differentials as well. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Sure, sir. One last book keeping data point, the same question. Can you give the overall export 
number for the quarter and in the previous quarter, sir? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Do you want the export number for the company as a whole? 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Yes. So that is a data point that we have been sharing. So last quarter also, that, I missed it. So 
if you can share last 2 quarters. 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Yes. So export for this quarter was roughly around INR1,000-odd crore. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Okay. This is INR1,000 crore that I should take, sir? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Yes, for the quarter. And for previous quarter, it was fairly a similar number. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Okay, so despite the MMA seeing a kind of quite spike this quarter, our export numbers are 
remaining same. Is that right? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Okay, sure, sir, yes. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
But Surya, I think I will just again reiterate that I think the kind of shipments we are doing on 
MMA front are very large-value shipments. And that's why I'm again highlighting that the bulk 
parcel shifting from December to Jan does tweak this number quite significantly. 

Chetan Gandhi: 
Surya, I just want to recorrect one number. On last quarter, the export numbers were roughly 
around INR900 crore; and this quarter, around INR1,009 crore. Just to be clear. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Okay. Sure, sir. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Kumar Saumya from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Saumya: 
Yes. So is there any indication of what is the capital commitment that we will be putting in, in 
that JV with our JV partner? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So for the first year, both partners put together have committed INR100 crore, INR50 crore 
each, into the joint venture. 
Kumar Saumya: 
Okay. And this will be the capacity that you are indicating that you will be doing in next 18 
months. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. 
Kumar Saumya: 
Okay, and secondly, the Zone IV expansion. Are we sticking with the similar outlay of INR15 
billion for Phase 1? And then we will be coming up with the 45 kt capacity. So are we holding 
onto that earlier guidance, or have we changed that internally? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No. So I think I answered this partly in one of the previous questions. I think the entire Zone I 
reconfiguration that we have done, I think we have built ability to produce; in the earlier 
presentations, you will have seen we had a Phase 1 product and Phase 2 products. Phase 1, we 
are mostly chlorotoluene and downstream and Phase 2, we're actually dichlorotoluenes and 
downstream products. What we have done is, within the existing capex, we have built in 
flexibility and ability to produce both of these chains in one go. So that means the absolute 
capacity of individual molecules might go down, but our flexibility to produce any of the OCT, 
PCT downstream or DCT downstream products is there in the existing capex itself, which 
allows us to select the products where the margin profile is best. That's how I think we are 
planning to scale up and commercialize Zone IV, treat it more like a flexible, multi-purpose 
block versus a dedicated chemistry block. Because given the market volatility, it gives us a lot 
of flexibility to optimize the utilization levels as well as margins. 
Kumar Saumya: 
Got it. Sir, lastly, a book keeping question. How much of our ECB loan is unhedged? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
So I would have an exposure of around $140 million which will be majorly unhedged, but this 
is something which will have a repayment of almost, around 9 years. 
Kumar Saumya: 
Thank you, sir. That is the answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Jignesh Kamani from Nippon Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Just on the MMA side. As you mentioned a little bit, our Q-o-Q revenue, our volume growth is 
around 10%, while if you take out production data, volume growth was close to around 78 %. 

So around 65% to 70% deviation is purely because of the bulk shipment which moved in early 
January. Or we are building up inventory also for the upcoming good demand? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, we are building inventory as well, so it's a combination of delay in shipment as well as 
build-up of inventory of final products. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. So can you help, how is the, production volume growth Y-o-Y for 9 months? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think, on a 9-month basis if you look at MMA, at least at the production level, we were 
roughly at 59 kt for the previous financial year; versus this year, first 9 months, we are roughly 
at 88 kt. So that is the kind of growth we are seeing from production point of view. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Okay, understood. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Nitesh Dhoot from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Hello. Thanks for the opportunity. So with regards to your Prozeal SPV investment. So here 
Aarti Industries is transacting with a company where Mr. Gogri, the promoter of Aarti 
Industries, has a pre-existing interest. So if you could just clarify, how much is the promoter 
stake in Prozeal Green Energy? And any specific reasons why Aarti Industries couldn't directly 
have an investment in Prozeal Green Energy instead of Mr. Gogri having an investment? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. I think these two are separate matters. I think what we are doing as Aarti Industries 
Limited is we are looking at group captive opportunities to purchase renewable power 
compared to the power that we are currently purchasing from the grid. And for that, a formal 
process was run for both solar as well as hybrid. 
 
And both parties, Clean Max and Prozeal, were selected based on that formal process, 
wherever we got the least rate in terms of rupees per kilowatt hour over a 15- to 20-year kind 
of supply agreements. I would not comment on Mr. Gogri's personal investments at this stage, 
but the only thing I can tell at this point in time, it's a competitive process run to select the 
partners for group captive projects. And that's the outcome of it. 
 
The supply that is going to come from Clean Max hybrid group captive is going to be 
significantly larger. I think the supply that's going to come from Prozeal is dominantly solar, 
which will also come in a much faster time frame within this calendar year itself. And both 
projects put together will deliver significant cost savings to AIL as part of their power cost 
saving initiatives. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Pratik Oza from Systematix. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Oza: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand. What's our hedging policy? 
And given that the rupee is depreciating and it might depreciate further, so the MTM loss 
which we saw of INR23 crore, can we expect the same amount, number in Q4? 

Chetan Gandhi: 
So, on the hedging policy. I mean, if you look at it, we are a net exporter. So our exports is 
almost, around INR4,000-plus crore every year. So one of the way to look at hedges from a 
long-term perspective is that you keep some part of the liability open. Unfortunately, the 
accounting principle prevails, which says that the benefit which you get on the exports over a 
longer period of time is not to be recognized. 
 
However, in case of the liabilities, the variation has to be accounted on the day it happens or it 
prevails, so which is where it is. So from a structural perspective, the rupee depreciation, 
despite keeping an ECB open, will benefit us over a long-term perspective. There will be a 
quarter-on-quarter, depending on how the rupee depreciates, there will be some benefit 
available in the top line and which could be visible. 
 
As regards your second question, in terms of the impact which would come in the subsequent 
quarter, yes. I mean we've seen December quarter ending at a rate of 85-60 to 65 or something. 
We'll have to see in terms of at what rate the March quarter will end. So the open exposure of 
around $130 million will be kind of re-evaluated or revalued, basis the delta differential 
between the December and March quarter. And the appropriate accounting treatment for that 
will be done. It's more of a practice which will be followed, which has been followed year after 
year and which continue to be there. 
Moderator: 
Okay. Thank you. Next question is from Bhavin Soni from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Soni: 
Sir, I just wanted some more light on the gross margin. So how much will be the effect of 
aniline build-up? And how much will be the effect of if you have taken any pricing hit on 
MMAs for pushing volume? Because there is some pricing adjustment strategy mentioned in 
the PPT. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. So I think both of these are linked to each other. I think more representative gross margin 
number is potentially in the range of, I think, 13%-odd kind of a range. EBITDA margin and 
that correspondingly sort of getting converted into gross margin numbers. But difficult to 
segregate the impact because, both are linked with each other. I guess, in Q4, you will get a 
much better handle of the gross margin numbers, as the inventory impact of aniline is taken 
care in the Q3. 
Bhavin Soni: 
Okay. And lastly, just from an industry perspective, like, if you could just highlight on global 
capacities in MMA and MTBE and would MMA going forward take much share from MTBE, 
or no? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think both are, frankly, not comparable. MTBE, we are talking about, if my understanding is 
right, more than 30 million tons of global capacity, versus MMA global capacity remains 
significantly less than 1 million tons, right? So I think difficult to compare them. MTBE has 
been around for decades and very well-established product to be used as octane booster, versus 
MMA is a challenger and recently started in last few years. Both have their own pros and cons, 
but given the penetration level and the recency that we have on the MMA, we feel confident of 
scaling up that business over the next few years. 
Bhavin Soni: 
Okay. Thank you. 

Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankur Bhadekar from ULJK Financial Services. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankur Bhadekar: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So a couple of questions from my side. My first 
question is, we are seeing a good volume growth in nitrochlorobenzene. So is this volume 
improvement mainly due to better nitric acid availability? Or is it the result of a structural 
increase in demand? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, it's a combination of both. I think, yes, we do face nitric acid supply challenges given the 
kind of supplier portfolio that we have in the country, but I will say the increase that you are 
seeing is a combination of both increased reliability as well as increased demand from 
downstream segments. I think we discussed this in some of the previous questions. One of the 
major downstream use of NCB, especially PNCB, is into paracetamol and as the consumption 
in that segment goes up, the demand for PNCB in the domestic market also goes up. 
Ankur Bhadekar: 
Okay. So my second question was how complex are the products that we are going to 
manufacture in the fluorochemical space in terms of, number of reactions or process chemistry 
or R&D, like if you could provide some light on that part. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So difficult to answer the question at a generic level. I think the only thing I can say is that, all 
of our new product developments that are happening, they are relatively complex, which 
involve at least 4 to 6 chemistry steps before we reach the final product step, right? So from 
starting with a bulk product like NCB or DCB or a PDA or NT, which is what we call sort of 
bulk chemicals. From that 4 to 5 reaction steps downstream is where we are doing most of our 
new product developments. 
Ankur Bhadekar: 
And what will be the margin profile of those products, like, on an average? Can you give 
some, like, ballpark number? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Again, it would vary product by product, and the multiple. We're talking about 25, 30 different 
products, so it is difficult to generalize the answer, but in general, as you have more steps in 
terms of reaction steps as we go through the manufacturing process, the margin profile should 
ideally improve and look better than bulk chemicals. 
Ankur Bhadekar: 
Right, and that's it from me. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Kushal from Shah Securities. 
Kushal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is in terms of what is the pollution profile of 
monomethyl aniline, firstly? And secondly, in the last con call, we said that we are also 
providing a solution-oriented business for this particular molecule, so could you explain what 
kind of solution we provide to our customer and how difficult it is to replicate that solution for 
someone, some other player? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think the solution varies, depending on the nature of the customer. In some cases, it could be 
supply chain complexities, ability to handle large-volume cargoes over a large distance while 
maintaining the quality of the product. In some cases, it could be a formulation for a specific 

customer, depending on their sort of product portfolio available and what properties they are 
looking to meet in their end cargoes. So I think the nature of the solution we provide varies, 
depending on the customers that we are targeting. 
Kushal: 
Thank you for the answer. And my second question was on what kind of pollution profile does 
monomethyl aniline have? Does it increase the pollution of the fuel? And also, could you 
compare it with other kind of octane boosters that are available in the market? Like, as a 
customer, why would I use monomethyl aniline over some other octane boosters? What are the 
benefits of it? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think, from a pollution profile, there is no adverse impact on our customer. And usually 
this product is blended at less than 1% to 2% in the final fuel component, so the overall 
impact, it's significantly lower. The true USP of this product is the higher octane number, 
right? So we are talking about an octane number which is 400-plus kind of a range, versus a 
conventional gasoline will typically have around in the range of 90-odd numbers. And that is 
the USP of this product, because of which we are able to create different solution profiles for 
our customers. 
Kushal: 
I have heard that certain geographies have banned this kind of product. So do we anticipate 
that the current positions where we export it can be banned it in future? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, we do not anticipate that. I think that it's also a little bit misunderstood in the global 
market. Sometimes the ban is also linked to ability to handle the products, right? So as we 
educate more and more countries' port operators and customers on how to handle these 
products, we are able to scale up usage of these products. The fact is, the countries like U.S. or 
the countries like in the Middle East are able to use this product suggests that the product is 
commercially deployable in most of the gasoline cargos globally. 
Kushal: 
I'm thankful for the answers. That was very deep explanation. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you so much for the follow-up. Just a couple of quick book keeping questions. One is 
on the net debt number for the end of the December quarter, if you could please share that. 
And second, on the tax rate, given that we've had a kind of a tax benefit throughout the year, 
what sort of numbers should we work with for fiscal '25 as well as '26? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
I'll take the tax rate question first. The tax rate in this year, considering that a lot of projects are 
getting commercialized and there will be some IT depreciation benefits; will continue to 
remain the way it is currently. So it will be marginally negative and or about closer to 0. Next 
year, it should be in a more like a low single-digit kind of range, at least at this point of time. 
That is what I've been saying. On the debt number, we are fairly similar to around INR3,600 
crore of debt broadly on that, on net debt basis. 
Abhijit Akella: 
That was INR3,300 crore, right? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Currently at INR3,600 crore. 

Abhijit Akella: 
INR3,600 crore. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference 
back to the management team for closing comments. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you, everyone, for taking your time to join us on this conference call. I think the 
company is much stronger with renewed vigor on excellence, innovation, passion and 
determination. As a global partner of choice, which is our vision, we will continue to serve and 
expand our robust client base while ensuring sustained value creation for our shareholders by 
optimizing our assets and venturing into newer business opportunities. 
 
I hope we have been able to address all of your queries. If you have any further question, feel 
free to contact our investor relations team; and we will do our best to address them. We look 
forward to connecting with all of you again in the next quarter. Thank you. Thank you once 
again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Aarti Industries Limited, that concludes the conference. 
Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
