 
 
IRDA Reg. No. 115
Mailing Address: 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16, 
New Linking Road, Malad(West), 
Mumbai - 400064
CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408
Registered Office: 
ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar 
Marg, Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, 
Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025
Toll free No.: 1800 2666
Alternate No.: +918655222666 (Chargeable) 
Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Website: www.icicilombard.com 
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/250-1/2025 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
To, 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015-Transcript of earnings conference call for the 
quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2024 
 
This is further to our letter dated January 7, 2025 and January 17, 2025, please note 
that the Company had hosted earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) 
on Friday, January 17, 2025 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for 
the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2024.  
 
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call with 
investor(s) and analyst(s) for the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2024.  
 
The above information will also be made available on the Company's website at 
www.icicilombard.com. You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
Encl. As above 
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed 
by Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2025.01.23 
19:51:45 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 35 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO 
MR. ANAND SINGHI – CHIEF RETAIL AND GOVT BUSINESS GROUP 
MR. SANDEEP GORADIA – CHIEF CORPORATE SOLUTIONS GROUP 
MR. GIRISH NAYAK – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY & HEALTH (UW & CLAIMS) 
MR. GAURAV ARORA – CHIEF UNDERWRITING AND CLAIMS – PROPERTY & CASUALTY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 35 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
January 17, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  A very warm welcome to ICICI 
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's Q3 and 9M FY2025 
Earnings Conference Call. 
From Senior Management, we have with us today, Mr. Sanjeev 
Mantri – MD and CEO of the Company; Mr. Gopal Balachandran – 
CFO; Mr. Girish Nayak – Chief Technology and Health Underwriting 
and Claims; Mr. Sandeep Goradia, Chief Corporate Solutions Group; 
Mr. Anand Singhi, Chief Retail and Government Business; and Mr. 
Gaurav Arora, Chief Underwriting and Claims for Property and 
Casualty. 
Please note that any statements, comments are made in today's call 
that may look like forward-looking statements are based on 
information presently available to the management and do not 
constitute an indication of any future performance, as future involves 
risks and uncertainties which could cause results to differ materially 
from the current views being expressed. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – MD and CEO, 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 35 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thank you so much. Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for 
joining the Earnings Conference Call of ICICI Lombard for Q3 and 9M 
FY2025. At the outset, let me wish you all a very happy New Year. 
As I complete my first year in my current role, I am excited to share 
developments we have made together since we connected on 
January 16, 2024. We outlined our vision of “One IL One Team,” 
building cohesive teams to leverage synergies and complementary 
strengths to tap into new business opportunities. In this endeavor, 
we realigned our teams to work collaboratively under a unified 
product / business practice. Today, I am pleased to share many of 
our initiatives such as One IL One Call centre, One IL One Digital, and 
One IL One Agency have started yielding results. Any change of a 
significant magnitude requires continuous reinforcement, and we 
continue to learn as we co-create an environment conducive to 
growth, innovation and collaboration. 
Let me now update you on industry trends and developments that 
we have witnessed in the past few months of FY2025. 
For the quarter ended September 2024, as per the data released by 
MoSPI1, the GDP2 growth slowed down to 5.4% as compared to 8.1% 
in the corresponding quarter of previous year. Let me dwell on 
certain key data points during last quarter, which can have an 
impact on GI industry at large - 
 
On the corporate side, the industries supporting infrastructure 
and construction like steel, cement and commercial vehicle sales 
witnessed muted growth as government spending towards 
capital expenditure remained sluggish, which is also reflecting 
the Commercial Lines of general insurance industry.                                               
                                                 
1 MoSPI – Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation 
2 GDP – Gross Domestic Product 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 35 
 
On the auto sector, the industry reported muted growth in 
Quarter 3 of 2025 as per SIAM3, with growth in private car at 
4.5%, growth in two-wheeler at 3%, and de-growth in CV at 
0.5%. The retail numbers as reported by FADA4 has seen 
improvement in the growth on account of uptick in rural demand 
with private car growing at 5.9%, two-wheeler at 12.4% and CV 
at 1.6%. 
 
Health Insurance continues to be the fastest growing and largest 
contributor of the industry on the GDPI mix, attracting significant 
investment across stakeholders. 
 
The bank credit growth also moderated to ~11% due to the 
slowdown in credit to NBFC 5 segment and unsecured loans. In 
addition, the MFI6 sector growth also got adversely impacted due 
to structural changes.  
Further as we move towards the next quarter, we believe infra based 
spending, lower insurance penetration, enhanced risk awareness in 
a conducive regulatory environment is expected to have a positive 
impact on the general insurance sector over medium to long term. 
Coming to the regulatory update, general insurers are mandated to 
recognize premium for long-term products on a 1/n basis, effective 
October 1, 2024. As an industry, new motor policies due to long-term 
TP were recognized on 1/n basis. Thus, there is no impact on this line 
of business. The premiums under long-term health and other line of 
business were recognized in the year of underwriting itself. This 
change has an impact on the reporting of health and other line of 
business for the industry in Q3 FY2025. However, this does not 
impact the economic value, so we continue to evaluate business 
                                                 
3 SIAM - Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers 
4 FADA - Federation of Automobile Dealers Associations 
5 NBFC – Non-Banking Financial Company 
6 MFI – Micro Finance Institution 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 35 
opportunities which is expected to deliver sustained returns to 
stakeholders.                                                                                                     
Secondly, on solvency norms, the authority issued guidelines on 
inadmissibility of assets, which changes disallowance of receivables, 
primarily from net basis to gross basis. Due to this, there is a 
reduction of ~30 basis points in our solvency ratio as at December 
31, 2024. Consequently, our solvency ratio was 2.36x as at 
December 31, 2024, which is higher than the minimum regulatory 
requirement of 1.5x. Thus, this change does not impact our growth 
journey. The General Insurance Council has represented the matter 
to the Authority, emphasizing the significant implications of this 
change on the solvency positions for the industry players. 
Now coming to the industry growth, Gross Direct Premium Income 
(GDPI) has grown by 9.5% and 7.8% for Q3 FY2025 and 9M FY2025 
respectively as published by GI Council. Excluding Crop and Mass 
Health segments, the industry registered a growth of 5.7% and 9.1% 
for Q3 FY2025 and 9M FY2025 respectively.  
Speaking on the specific segments within the industry during the 
quarter -  
 
Under Motor insurance, the industry grew at 7.6% for Q3 FY2025.  
o The total number of vehicles sold as per SIAM data is 
approximately 3.1 million private cars, 15 million two-wheeler 
and 1.2 million CV’s for 9M FY2025. 
 
The Health segment during the quarter delivered double digit 
growth, within this, Group Health grew at 14.6% and Retail 
Health grew at 6.6% year on year in Q3 FY2025. Further, 
subdued credit disbursement by financial institutions has 
resulted in a slower growth of Health Benefit business. 
 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 35 
 
The Commercial Line segment de-grew at 8.4%. Within this, the 
Fire segment continued to de-grow, registering a de-growth of 
22.0% on account of pricing pressure. We expect the pricing to 
improve in the Fire segment in the coming months. 
Now speaking of the underwriting performance for the industry, the 
Combined ratio for the industry worsened to 113.3% for H1 FY2025 
as against 111.9% for H1 FY2024, largely on account of increase in 
expense ratio. 
For the Motor business, the industry combined ratio worsened to 
124.8% in H1 FY2025, from 119.4% in H1 of FY2024.  
I will now speak about the Company's performance across key 
business segments during Q3 FY2025:  
The Company’s GDPI for Q3 FY2025 registered a growth of 4.8%. 
With 1/n accounting norm, the Company registered de-growth of 
0.3% as against the industry growth of 9.5%, during the same period. 
Excluding Crop and Mass Health, the Company de-grew by 0.7% as 
compared to industry growth of 5.7%. 
 
In Commercial lines segment, we remained cautious due to 
continued pricing pressure, resulting in de-growth of 8.6%, 
however, we continue to maintain our market share in the 
segment. Further, we have maintained our leadership position in 
Liability and Marine Cargo segments. 
 
In Motor, we grew at 9.4% for Q3 FY2025 as against the industry 
growth of 7.6%. Our growth in this segment was driven by festive 
led auto sales as well as old book. During the quarter, we 
sustained a balanced portfolio with a mix of private car, two-
wheeler and CV at 52.9%, 26.7% and 20.4% respectively. 
 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 35 
 
Moving to the Health business, during the quarter, we grew at 
10.3% for Q3 FY2025 and with 1/n accounting norm, we de-grew 
at 4.6%. 
o Within Health, our Retail Health segment registered a growth 
at 44.3%. With 1/n accounting norm, the growth was at 19.1% 
as against industry growth of 6.6% during the same period. 
Resultantly, we gained market share in Retail Health, 
reaching 3.2% in Q3 FY2025. 
 
o As updated in our previous call, we continue to invest in 
product innovation and technology integration. This includes 
upgrades to Elevate, revamping our super top-up product - 
Activate Booster, and travel product – TripSecure+ during the 
quarter. 
 
o In the Group Health – Employer Employee segment, we 
continue to maintain cautious approach on account of 
competitive intensity resulting in muted growth at 1.1% in Q3 
FY2025. Our Group Others business grew at 1.8%, with 1/n 
accounting norm, the de-growth in this segment was at 
33.0% during the same period. 
 
 
We continue to harness our digital capabilities to enhance 
customer experience, leading to our customer facing digital 
business growth of 9.9%, constituting 7.4% of our overall GDPI. 
 
 
During the quarter, our IL TakeCare App has surpassed 13.2 
million user downloads registering a premium of ₹ 664.2 million 
for Q3 FY2025. 
 
 
Additionally, I would like to highlight efforts we have undertaken 
towards improving claims efficiencies across Retail line of 
business -  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 35 
o Our Preferred Partner Network (PPN) serviced 73.6% of our 
Non-OEM claims in Q3 FY2025 as against 67.3% in Q3 
FY2024. 
o Our average claim settlement period on Retail line of business 
has seen improvement. It has improved from 6 days in 
FY2024 to 5 days in 9M FY2025 for Motor OD, and from 5 
days in FY2024 to 3 days in 9M FY2025 for Health. 
o Our initiative IL Sahayak, which was launched in April 2024, 
offered an on-ground claim support to over 65,000 customers 
across 2,500 hospital networks. 
o We continue to monitor our customer feedback through 
independent agencies in form of Net Promoter Score (NPS) 
study on a regular basis. Our NPS continues to be healthy at 
69 and 65 for H1 FY2025 for Health and Motor claims 
respectively, supported by customer trust.  
 
 
In one of the previous updates, we discussed the core 
business and technology transformation project- ‘Project 
Orion’. We initiated transformation journey of our Health 
business and have now achieved a critical milestone by 
rolling out our flagship retail indemnity product “Elevate” 
on our new core platform. Going forward, we expect a 
shorter period for the development of products on our new 
system, Artemis. We are excited to see this extending 
across our product categories under the Health business 
and beyond.  
We firmly believe Project Orion will be a key enabler of our vision of 
One IL One Team. 
As we conclude, we are positive and determined to achieve 
profitable outcomes led by our robust multi-product, multi-
distribution strategy, focus on product innovation, data analytics, 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 35 
and digital enhancements with our guiding force of the One IL One 
Team. 
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers 
for the recently concluded quarter and nine months. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks Sanjeev, and good evening to each one of you. I will now give 
you a brief overview of the financial performance of the recently 
concluded quarter and nine months. We have uploaded the ‘Results 
Presentation’ on our website. You can access it as we walk you 
through the performance numbers. 
With effect from October 1, 2024, Long-term products are accounted 
on a 1/n basis, as mandated by IRDAI. Hence, Q3 and 9M FY2025 
numbers are not comparable with prior periods or prior years. Please 
also refer to slide number 15 of our investor presentation for further 
details on this.  
The Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the Company was at ₹ 
206.23 billion in 9M FY2025 as against ₹ 187.03 billion in 9M 
FY2024, a growth of 10.3% as against the industry growth of 7.8%.  
 
GDPI was ₹ 62.14 billion in Q3 FY2025 as against ₹ 62.30 
billion in Q3 FY2024, a de-growth of 0.3% as against the 
industry growth of 9.5%. 
On the retail side of the business, GDPI of Motor was ₹ 31.09 billion 
in Q3 FY2025 as against ₹ 28.42 billion in Q3 FY2024, registering a 
growth of 9.4%.  
 
The advance premium numbers for the Motor segment was ₹ 
36.44 billion as at December 31, 2024, as against ₹ 35.13 
billion as at September 30, 2024.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 35 
GDPI of the Health segment was ₹ 13.16 billion in Q3 FY2025 as 
against ₹ 13.79 billion in Q3 FY2024, registering a de-growth of 
4.6%. 
 
Our agents, which included the point-of-sale distribution 
count was 1,40,077 as at December 31, 2024, up from 
1,33,683 as at September 30, 2024. 
GDPI of the Commercial Lines was ₹ 14.63 billion in Q3 FY2025 as 
against ₹ 16.00 billion in Q3 FY2024, registering a de-growth of 
8.6%. 
Resultantly, the Combined ratio was 102.9% in 9M FY2025 as 
against 103.7% in 9M  FY2024. The Combined ratio was 102.7% in 
Q3 FY2025 as against 103.6% in Q3 FY2024. 
 
Excluding the impact of CAT losses of ₹ 0.94 billion in 9M 
FY2025 and ₹ 1.37 billion in 9M FY2024,the Combined ratio 
was 102.3% and 102.6% respectively.  
 
Excluding the impact of CAT losses of ₹ 0.54 billion in Q3 
FY2024, the Combined ratio was 102.3%. There were no 
major catastrophic losses for Q3 FY2025. 
Our investment assets during the quarter rose to ₹ 515.97 billion at 
December 31, 2024, up from ₹ 515.57 billion at September 30, 2024. 
Our investment leverage (net of borrowings) was 3.76x as at 
December 31, 2024 as against 3.91x as at September 30, 2024. 
Investment income was at ₹ 33.73 billion in 9M FY2025 as against ₹ 
26.57 billion in 9M FY2024. On a quarterly basis, investment income 
was ₹ 11.21 billion in Q3 FY2025 as against ₹ 8.57 billion in Q3 
FY2024. 
Our capital gains (net of impairment in investment assets) stood at 
₹ 7.96 billion in 9M FY2025 as compared to ₹ 3.95 billion in 9M 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 35 
FY2024. Capital gains (net of impairment) on investment assets 
stood at ₹ 2.76 billion in Q3 FY2025 as compared to ₹ 1.08 billion in 
Q3 FY2024. 
Our Profit before Tax (PBT) grew by 42.8% at ₹ 26.53 billion in 9M 
FY2025 as against ₹ 18.57 billion in 9M FY2024, whereas, PBT grew 
by 67.3% at ₹ 9.6 billion in Q3 FY2025 as against ₹ 5.74 billion in Q3 
FY2024. 
Consequently, Profit after Tax (PAT) grew by 42.9% at ₹ 19.99 billion 
in 9M FY2025, as against ₹ 13.99 billion in 9M FY2024. PAT grew by 
67.9% at ₹ 7.24 billion in Q3 FY2025, up from ₹ 4.31 billion in Q3 
FY2024. 
Return on Average Equity (ROAE) was 20.8% in 9M FY2025 as 
against 17.1% in 9M FY2025. The ROAE for Q3 FY2025 was 21.5% 
as against 15.3% in Q3 FY2024.  
Solvency ratio was at 2.36x. This is after factoring in the impact of 
30 basis points as Sanjeev had mentioned, as at December 31, 2024, 
as against 2.65x as at September 30, 2024, which continued to be 
higher than the regulatory minimum of 1.50x. 
As I conclude, I would like to state that we are aligned with our ethos 
of driving profitable growth, consistent and sustainable value 
creation for all our stakeholders, while ensuring that the interest of 
policyholders are in the forefront at all times. 
I would like to thank you all for attending this Earnings Call, and will 
be happy to take questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take 
our first question from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 35 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just a little bit of commentary on the Motor side. We can see the loss 
ratios improving for you, both on a sequential and annual basis, and 
significant improvement very specifically on the third-party side. Just 
if you could give some commentary in terms of what's happening 
over here, how is the competitive intensity? And I believe we have 
gained market share in this quarter in both the segments. 
Gopal Balachandran: Yes, so Nischint, you're right. Clearly over the last few years if you 
would have seen, we have been slightly selective in the way we have 
been writing the risks, and that has stood with us in times of 
reflection on the combined outcomes. Having said that, obviously, 
what we are seeing right now is renewed opportunities in the way 
we can write risks, and that's reflective also in terms of the increase 
in the market share that we have seen relative to 9M FY2024.  
Generally, if you see, I think we have been able to see, let's say in this 
particular quarter, between new and renewal, largely the growth has 
been more or less similar when you look at a category level. And 
therefore, we continue to look for opportunities in each of private car, 
two-wheeler, CV. Broadly, if you look at the mix, it's in line with what 
we have normally seen over prior periods. 
On the loss experience, specifically Nischint, this is something that 
we keep speaking about. Obviously, when we write or maybe just 
select the portfolio, we have an ultimate loss experience that we  go 
with an assumption at the time of writing the risk and over a period 
of 
time, 
given 
the 
fact 
that 
we 
have 
generally 
been 
prudent/conservative in our loss estimates, as the loss experiences 
starts to develop, you can see this not just for this year, across years, 
we have been able to see, let's say, favorable loss development and 
that starts to get reflected on the numbers as we see across different 
financial periods. So that's where we are. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 35 
But broadly, if you ask me, in terms of the overall loss ratio range that 
I have spoken about even in the past, and again, as I keep saying, it's 
always better to look at motor as a category, rather than looking at 
own damage and third-party independently. The range that we have 
spoken about running overall motor in that range of 65% to 67%, I 
think that's broadly the range that we believe we should continue to 
see as an outcome in terms of the portfolio experience. So that's 
where we are. 
The positive news is, some of the market participants possibly who 
had gone quite aggressive in the past, you can clearly see most of 
those companies when you look at their individual month –on month 
growth numbers, clearly, there has been an element of calibration 
that has happened. That's also reflective in the outcomes that these 
companies had to exhibit in some of their Combined ratio outcomes. 
So that's where we are. We continue to be cautious in building the 
book and so far as the ethos on writing or selecting the portfolios 
continues to remain the same. As in, we will keep looking for on a 
sustained basis economic output, which we think will be viable from 
a longer-term perspective. 
Sanjeev Mantri:  
Absolutely. And also, just the thing is, in our mindset, we will do what 
makes sense to us. Market share, of course, this year looks better, 
but we also had explained the market maybe almost 4 quarters back 
in terms of why our market share is where it is. So, it's more of an 
outcome of how multiple factors work. It's not something that we 
chase that this month we have to do this much only. It's more driven 
by outcome, and as and when it makes us look good, it's primarily 
driven by an ecosystem development, as we continue to pursue what 
we believe makes sense for us.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
And the delta this quarter or the much lower loss ratio in TP this 
quarter, could it be maybe because of better releases this quarter? 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 35 
Gopal Balachandran: So again, as we keep saying, Nischint, TP, again, I've spoken in 
numerous occasions even in the past, right? Given that, and all of you 
understand, you all have been tracking us pretty much for a very long 
period of time. And this is clearly a book, which is much more long 
tail in terms of loss development. Loss experiences, obviously, have 
to be looked at over a period of time. Also as I said, obviously, the 
level of prudence that we kind of go with, in terms of our reserving 
estimate, that's stands pretty much intact, absolutely no change in 
the philosophy of reserving. Therefore, as the portfolio actually starts 
to experience outcomes, you could see, say, some of the releases 
play out at different periods. It could be in a particular quarter, it 
could be in a particular financial year. But on an overall basis, which 
is why if you look at our reserving triangle, now that you also have a 
specific triangle outcome in the context of third party as well. There 
again, you will see consistently for us, there are small amount of 
favorable loss development that we have seen over the years. This 
is, again, not just for one quarter or one year or two years. It's across 
financial periods that we have been able to see some small amount 
of favorable development. Hence, to that extent, the approach to 
reserving will continue in terms of a favorable loss development. 
That's how we have been kind of going about risk selection, as I 
talked about. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And just finally, in this backdrop, do we really sort of now expect a 
third party tariff hike this year? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, there Nischint again, you know, well, industry is expecting it for 
last few years, and it's not something which we control. The answer 
to this is, yes, we do expect a hike, but can it come, can it not, is 
something which will come from the regulator as well as MoRTH, the 
way TP price is decided. But we do believe, yes, it's been 3 to 4 years 
and there might be possibly a hike at least which we'll get for next 
financial year. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 35 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just harping, Gopal, on this point on the loss ratio on the motor side 
again. So you were mentioning that for the Motor as a piece, we 
should be looking at a loss ratio of 65% to 67%, but we are way 
below that currently. So would you still say that the full year number 
would be in that range? Or that's more of a longer-term loss ratio 
that you would be looking at? That's my first question. 
Second is on the health loss ratio, could you give the granularity on 
how much was the Retail Health loss ratio and how much was the 
employer-employee loss ratio? 
Also, just on the Fire piece, you mentioned that there could be price 
hike, so why would that be, because your loss ratio outcomes seems 
to be pretty controlled at 50.1%? Yes, that would be my questions. 
Gopal Balachandran: Perfect, so maybe I'll go in the reverse sequence. So let me start with 
the Commercial Lines. So again, Prayesh, all of you understand that 
Commercial Lines in general is a relatively high exposure portfolio, 
therefore, to that extent, you can obviously see experiences, which 
could be relatively with low frequency, high severity outcomes. 
Therefore again, in a given period, you can obviously see experiences 
on loss numbers, which could be significantly adverse or maybe, at 
the same time, in case you don't have large number of catastrophic 
events, then what you normally expect as attritional losses is how 
the portfolio will develop. 
 Clearly, we have seen not just in the Indian market, across the globe, 
we have clearly seen increased incidences of some of these 
catastrophic events impacting insurers, reinsurers, customers at 
large. Therefore, clearly, when you look at the overall portfolio 
outcome from a market standpoint, it's leading to an outcome, where 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 35 
the experiences, from a reinsurance standpoint may not be 
necessarily in that sense viable at the level of pricing that they have 
given to the market at large. So hence, given the fact that some of 
these events are more frequent, more in numbers, there is obviously 
a need for the entire market across stakeholders to look at what 
should be the level of price that you should offer for risk selection. 
Equally, in the past, for example, you would have seen very long 
periods of soft pricing as well. So that's how the nature of the 
business is. You will obviously see through various price cycles. At 
sometimes, you will obviously, as I said, experience soft pricing. 
Currently, the regime where maybe because of these increased 
incidences, you will see some bit of hardening in price. At least, which 
is where we are coming from. The expectation is at least so far as 
the Quarter 4 and, more importantly, the April 1 renewals, which will 
largely be where bulk of the corporate renewals will happen. We do 
expect the overall market to be far more sensible so far as pricing 
those risks are concerned. So that's where we are, and that's what 
we believe from an overall positive sentiment. 
To your point on the health loss breakdown and what every quarter 
we keep asking for this split,  on Corporate Health, which is the GHI 
segment, again, I'll give the Quarter 3 numbers for both the segments 
first, which is Corporate Health and Retail Indemnity. So for 
Corporate Health, Q3 FY2024, that number was 93.1%, that number 
for Q3 FY2025 is at 97.2%. And Retail Indemnity numbers last year 
was 66%, which is down to about 65%. 
On a 9 month basis, again, in the same sequence, Corporate Health 
last year 9M FY2024 was 95.8%, which is currently at about 97.7% 
in 9M FY2025. The Retail Indemnity numbers, which was 65.6% for 
9M FY2024, that number stands at about 69.1% in 9M FY2025. But 
more than, let's say, some of these numbers, in general, what we 
have seen is, pretty much, we do see maybe some continuation of 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 35 
increased incidences of claims playing out in the context of the 
Health segment specifically. Therefore, in line with what we have 
spoken even in quarter 1, we said we will obviously observe for the 
development of this increased incidences over the next few quarters. 
So that's where we are and in that context is where the numbers are 
for the health loss numbers. 
To your last point on Motor, the range that we spoke about at 65% 
to 67%, you're absolutely right. That's obviously the preferred range 
at which we would want to run the book again, not just over a 1 or 
2 year horizon, that's something that we would want to look at it 
over a much more long-term play. Having said that, obviously, now 
when it comes to specific financial periods, it could be purely a 
function of what mix of business that you write. Again, we have 
discussed this in the past, particularly when it comes to new motor, 
that typically comes with a relatively low loss outcome, but possibly 
a slightly higher cost of acquisition. But equally, on the fixed side, 
when you start to source more of the renewal or the older book, that 
invariably comes with a slightly higher loss outcome, but obviously a 
lower cost of acquisition. So that's how we manage the overall 
portfolio in the way how we see the market opportunity. But over a 
medium to long term, the range that we are comfortable with to 
operate with will be between 65% to 67% for Motor as a category. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Any price hikes contemplating in the Health segment? 
Gopal Balachandran: That's something that we keep looking for, Prayesh and we have not 
shied away from taking a price change. You would recollect again, 
slightly going back to some of our conversations even in the past, if 
you were to go back maybe almost 4 years back, Q3 FY2021, at that 
point of time, we did effect an average price increase of roughly 
about 8% on the overall renewal book. And then roughly about 1.5 
to 2 years thereafter, again, we had effected a price increase, which 
ranged anywhere between 20% to 22%. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 35 
So, in general, I think, again, on the Retail Indemnity book specifically, 
you had spoken about the fact that the range that we are 
comfortable on running the book is a loss ratio of around that range 
between 65% to 70%, more towards, I would say, slightly on the 
higher end of the range. At this point of time, as you would have seen 
the outcome largely is playing out within the range that we are 
comfortable with. But having said that, if the portfolio warrants any 
price revision, we will not shy away from taking one. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sanketh Godha from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
So, Gopal, you said that you want to work Motor TP and on Motor 
OD loss ratio in the range of 60 -65%. If I take at the other end for 
Motor TP at 65%, is it fair to assume that in Q4, the loss ratios in 
Motor TP will be more 70-75%, compared to what you have reported 
60.1% for 9M FY2025? So that's a fair assumption to make to remain 
conservative with respect to motor TP reserving? 
Gopal Balachandran: Sanketh, just for the sake of reiterating, I will keep saying that I would 
always urge all of you to look at numbers more over long-term 
horizon, particularly for Motor third-party. It would be in that sense, 
when I use this, to say that ideally quarters will have multiple factors 
to it. As I just mentioned, one factor would be in terms of the business 
mix that we see as an opportunity. So that by itself will determine 
what the loss ratio outcome could be. Also, as I said, we keep looking 
for the outcome of the large development of the book that we have 
written the past. This is not just something that we do at a particular 
point, this is something that we keep evaluating every quarter. That 
would be true even for Quarter 4.  In case if in any of the past book 
reflects something better in terms of outcome, then obviously, to that 
extent, you will see some of the impact play out even in Quarter 4 as 
well. Hence, I think, rather than talking about a point estimate or a 
point number for a particular period, it's better that we keep looking 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 35 
at, which is where I said, the medium to long-term range on Motor 
as a category. Again, this is something that all of you understand, it's 
always, in that sense, given the fact that Motor own damage is free 
to price, Motor third-party is fixed and tariff. Better to look at motor 
as a category, rather than trying to even split between motor own 
damage and third-party. And hence, just to reiterate, medium to 
long-term range that we are comfortable on running the book will be 
between 65-67%. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. And see you reported 102% on 1/n and 102.8% if you exclude 
1/n. So the Management guidance was to end up with 102% for 
FY2025, and probably 101.5% for the fourth quarter. So even 
factoring a bit of negative impact from 1/n, do you still continue to 
maintain that guidance to play out for the full year? Also, if I take exit 
as 101.5% for the fourth quarter, should we fairly assume that is a 
number which will be there too for FY2026? The second thing is that 
if you can break down the exact growth of Motor into new and old 
vehicle, the way you did it last time. 
Gopal Balachandran: Yes. So maybe I think I will give you the numbers for new and old. 
This again, I'm giving you for Quarter 3. So new was again, 9.5% 
which is what I just mentioned in response to one of the calls, largely 
the numbers were similar. 9.5% growth for new and almost a similar 
number of 9.3% for the old. So as a category, the overall growth was 
9.4%. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Okay and on the guidance part, Sanketh that you spoke about, 
clearly, as we had put across as to where we want to finish the 
whole year, at that point of time, there was no visibility that 1/n will 
come and when such changes happen, the configuration of product 
which we procure from the market also can go through a 
transformation. There's no reason to believe that, directionally, we 
are not there, but at the same time, we also have to evaluate what 
the opportunity comes through. So it's a combination of all this 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 35 
aspects that will decide the way forward. Its early days. This is the 
first quarter where the industry and we are giving numbers, which 
are on a 1/n basis, and the strange part is the configuration where 
the first 6 months are not on 1/n and this quarter is 1/n. So to that 
extent, it will play out over the course of time. The industry's 
performance, which we spoke about, and I said, has moved to 113%, 
whereas it was 111%, so it's relatively worsened. So all of these 
factors will also weigh in. But what we also stay committed, is 
besides Combined ratio the ROE range that we want to operate, 
which we spoke about it when we have met up. So it's a combination 
of things, which will keep us excited in terms of doing selection also. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
The first question is on this 1/n, has the impact been passed on to 
the distributor, are they also getting commission on a yearly basis? 
Do you expect any impact on the business growth because of that? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
The answer is yes. It's regulatory, and whatever needs to be done is 
done. So it will be also taken where the annuity commission payment 
will happen to the distributors. 
As far as growth is concerned, there is an overarching impact in 
terms of long-term product being sold. But internally, from our 
organization perspective, the economic value that comes in selling 
the long-term product stays intact. So we continue to pursue in the 
market selling long-term products. The accounting part of it will 
emanate as and when it happens. Gopal? 
Gopal Balachandran: So Nidhesh I think the only thing that I'll just add to what Sanjeev 
rightly said, I think this is the first quarter, and therefore, to that 
extent, the market practices will also see an evolution, in terms of 
some of these changes that gets paid out. So for example 6 years 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 35 
back, when the regulator has mandated third-party mandatory for 3 
years, 5 years, in between there were changes in terms of the 
product construct to get Motor line of business recognized on a 1/n 
prescription, similar to what you see for the rest of the lines as we 
speak today. So those practices, obviously, evolve over a period of 
time. Hence, we will obviously watch the market developments very, 
very closely. Obviously, the intent, when you look at it from a 
regulatory standpoint, I think is very positive, in the way they have 
wanted this particular change. Therefore, our practices will be very 
clear to make sure that we clearly meet regulatory expectations. But 
obviously, we will keep a very close watch on market development 
as well, and keep  taking actions corresponding to that, yes. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Also, if I was a distributor, and if I am able to do a long-term health, 
there is no reason, because it is 1/n, that should go through a change. 
What you're not getting in 1 year on the front-end basis, you will get 
over 3 years. So there is annuity income, that will flow over a period 
of time. So there can be a short-term thought process. If you're not 
getting it, you may not want to pursue with it. Hopefully, better sense 
will prevail, and they will also look at economic value, and go ahead 
and stay long term as always required. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. Second question is on the reinsurance, the retention ratio has 
increased quite materially this quarter to 82%. So is there any change 
in strategy with respect to reinsurance? Or it is just the business mix? 
Gopal Balachandran: So honestly, there is no change, Nidhesh. So, if you ask us our 
reinsurance program typically gets decided at the beginning of the 
year, that is what we have mentioned earlier as well. Again, purely 
it's a function of what is the split between mix of Corporate, mix of 
Retail and within that, if you recollect in the past, we have spoken 
about, let's say, in the context of Health, for example. On Health 
Indemnity as a line of business, we have always operated without, 
in that sense, leave aside the obligatory, which is true for everyone 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 35 
in the market. Rather than the obligatory reinsurance, we don't have 
any other reinsurance requirements from a Health Indemnity 
standpoint. 
On Health Benefit as a category, not just again this year, across 
years, we have obviously operated on a reinsurance structure. If you 
recollect, particularly not just against this quarter, this year, in 
general, the Health Benefit segment has seen an impact on growth. 
Therefore, to that extent, that will obviously have an impact on the 
net retention numbers. So that's one.  
Second, for whatever it is, even Quarter 3 does have an element of 
Corporate Business as well. It's not that Corporate Business comes 
down to zero. There, the approach for us, again, if you look at it over 
a 9-month basis, we have been very selective. Largely, we have tried 
to hold on to maintaining market share in that particular category. 
Also, given the fact that, that particular business is slightly in that 
sense subdued, that again contributes to the overall retention 
numbers. But if you see the overall retention numbers, the way we  
look at it on a net premium to gross premium, I think at least if you 
look at it on a 9 month basis in the current year, if you look at it even 
with the 1/n impact, I think the retention number will be roughly at 
about 72%. I think that's where we are. To answer your point, no 
change in the reinsurance strategy, nothing specific. It's not a case 
where we had an element of reinsurance for the first 6 months or 
something, and suddenly we have decided to change our approach 
to reinsurance. No significant change therein. And the other aspect 
is the bulk of the reinsurance renewal conversations will now happen 
in Quarter 4 for the next financial year. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Jayant Kharote from 
Jefferies. Please go ahead. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 35 
Jayant Kharote: 
First question is on the competitive scenario. Given that we are 
approaching the EoM glide path last couple of quarters, how do you 
see it play out over the next year, and specifically the impact that is 
having on Group Health and Fire and what would be our sort of 
stance in case it intensifies, going into the next, say 4 to 6 quarters? 
That's the first question. I'll come back with the second one. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So Jayant, clearly, our stand has been pretty clear on that. We 
continue to operate within the EoM guidelines, and there is no reason 
under any circumstances, we would like to violate that. As and when 
we see intensity building up, we will choose to withdraw rather than 
participate in that business intensity. 
Another point is that the regulator has taken certain actions. So, in 
terms of expecting companies which are not within the EoM 
guidelines to fall in line with that, there is a possibility that it will get 
disciplined and will not crush in pricing. If you see business lines like 
GHI and some others, further going low, we would abstain rather 
than participate. So we have absolute clarity as a team to let go 
what is not making commercial sense for us. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Sir, do you see this playing out in the claims of your competition and 
by when do you expect some more rationality on the pricing in these 
products? Any time line? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
See, we are no one to judge in terms of what everyone else will do. 
But that being said, we did speak about where Fire went and where 
Fire is expected to be. So anything which goes below our threshold, 
will tend to autocorrect itself as it's not viable. It will play out. It's not 
that it will not play out. But there's a point of time when others will, 
and we respect that, we'd like to fall in line for EoM, and manage this 
subsequently as and when things go apart. My sheer presumption is 
that each one of us who operates in the industry wants to run the 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 35 
business in a profitable manner, and a better sense will prevail over 
a period of time. 
Jayant Kharote: 
So second question is on IFRS. We know we've guided or at least 
indicated on some improvement on the Combined ratio, but it's been 
almost 3, 4 quarters now, any more disclosures or anything that you 
would have gone back, and then can help us understand what could 
be the possible impact? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So on IFRS, obviously, as and when the rules come in, we will fall in 
line, there is no question of we not falling in line. We've also spoken 
about the overall benefit it can have on account of discounting of 
reserving, and also deferred expenses coming into play. It will 
emanate in time to come. But one fundamental thing, which we all 
have to understand is that this is just mode of accounting, right? The 
economic value that gets driven, whether it's 1/n, whether it's IFRS, 
all of it is part of the process in which manner you will do the 
accounting of it. The business being sought, the long-term value that 
is to get treated, they all remain similar. You can project this number 
in multiple manner, it doesn't change how we want to operate. It's 
not that IFRS will change the manner in which we want to do 
business. We still would like to do what we are pursuing at this point 
of time. So there is excitement of that coming through, and we will 
be more than happy. In fact, we are very clear to say that by only 
large player, everybody in the industry should start publishing on 
IFRS basis. 
Moderator: 
Jayant, I request you to join back the queue, please, as we have other 
participants waiting. Next question is from the line of Subramanian 
Iyer from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Subramanian Iyer: 
I had an accounting question. So on Slide #15, you have given 
basically the comparison between profits, excluding 1/n and with 1/n 
and you have given the GDPI and PAT. So PAT is actually higher 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 35 
under the with 1/n impact. So is it fair to conclude that your 
commissions are lower, because of deferrals under 1/n method and 
that's what is resulting in higher profits? 
Gopal Balachandran: Subramanian, again, which is why I responded to say that the 
prescription under 1/n need not necessarily be, in terms of outcome, 
go in the direction of only an increase in profits. Because again, this 
will be a function of what business mix that you source, what is the 
reinsurance structures that you may have in practice, and what is 
the acquisition cost that you relate to, with respect to sourcing any 
of those businesses. So there are multiple factors which will drive, 
let's say, an outcome when you look at it from a transition to a 1/n 
slash without a 1/n outcome. 
Now talking specific in the context of Quarter 3, I think obviously this 
has been a quarter where we were just talking about. In general, I 
think the credit-linked disbursement across financial institutions 
have clearly been muted. And obviously, to that extent, and we have 
been one of the key writers of some of those risks. That's an area 
where I said, we have always been historically operating also with 
the reinsurance structure. The fact that the business growth has 
been relatively subdued, obviously, that does have an impact, both 
in terms of growth in premiums, and therefore, correspondingly the 
impact that it has. 
I mean when you look at it, 1/n, effectively, the prescription is to say 
that whatever acquisition costs that you incur, you defer it over the 
contract period. Similarly, if there's an element of reinsurance income 
that you may have, that is something, again, you defer it over the 
policy contract. 
So in a quarter, if you do see businesses where you already had an 
element of a reinsurance arrangement, and if that business gets 
subdued, and therefore, the relative impact in outcome will not 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 35 
necessarily be the same as compared to a line of business, for 
example, in Quarter 3, we also have contracts of other lines of 
businesses, where we don't have a reinsurance arrangement, but 
there's a cost of acquisition and by this very inherent nature of a 
transition to 1/n, the cost gets deferred. There is nothing in terms of 
income for us to defer over the policy period, leave aside the 
obligatory. That's a very small component. So that's the reason why 
you see an outcome for Quarter 3 in terms of profits to be higher than 
what you would have normally reported on without 1/n approach. 
Now this can change. Going ahead, if let's say, the proportion of mix 
of businesses undergo a change in terms of the various factors that 
I spoke, the outcome could be either reverse. You could possibly see 
a situation of neutrality in terms of no change in profits or equally, 
you could see maybe an outcome similar to what we are seeing for 
Quarter 3 this year. So lot of moving parts. Hence, to that extent, very 
difficult to attribute any specific reasons, but Quarter 3, this is the 
reason. It has been more businesses which are long term are the 
ones where there are only cost of acquisitions to be amortized, but 
relatively, there are no reinsurance commissions to be done. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama 
Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
A couple of questions from me. First, I see a very sharp increase in 
commission cost. Now can you explain what has led to that? And 
second is in the new 1/n, now that's the way we will be reporting 
numbers, so what should our guidance deal in terms of exit in Q4 for 
Combined ratio and also then what are we looking at for the next 
few years. So, yes, some help on that would be very useful. 
Gopal Balachandran: So Madhukar, I will always keep again urging all of you to look at 
numbers more on a combined ratio prescription, rather than even 
looking at breakdown of that combined into loss ratio, and let's say, 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 35 
maybe the expense ratio and within that, you are maybe asking the 
question which is more further breakdown on commission number 
corresponding to that. So given the nature of the business that we 
have, you will obviously see a mix of outcome. As I just mentioned, 
Q3 in specific, I think you have seen on let's say, for whatever 
corporate business that we used to write in the past, that particular 
part of the business has been muted and therefore, you will obviously 
see a relatively lower cost of acquisition, which otherwise would 
have been there, had that particular growth of Commercial Business 
been there in Quarter 3. Hence, the large part of Quarter 3 are 
businesses which are fundamentally driven, so far as the retail line 
of opportunity is concerned. Secondly, Quarter 3, in general if you 
see, it's a period of festive season. So when you put both of this 
together, you will obviously find an outcome in terms of, even in the 
context of just the commission numbers or let's say, the commission 
ratio, you will obviously possibly see an increase therein. 
But at the end of the day, even as what Sanjeev mentioned, I think 
for us, I think what is something that we are very conscious of, is to 
make sure that we run the overall operations at an Expense of 
Management which cannot exceed 30%. So that's a guardrail for us, 
is something that we are very conscious of. Second and more 
importantly, I think for us, we will obviously keep looking for 
outcomes in the form of combined ratios on businesses. At the end 
of the day, we are all here to give at what we have put also in the 
opening remarks, which is a sustained return on capital for 
stakeholders. So that's equally important. From an ROE outcome, it’s 
something that, again, we are very conscious of. I think the range 
that we have spoken about is to be within that range of 16% to 18%. 
Also, as things start to improve relative to the market, obviously, we 
would want to see that getting better as well. So those are guardrails 
within which we operate with. Hence, I would again urge each of you 
to look at outcomes with some of these guardrails at the benchmark. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 35 
To your point on what would be the outcome on Quarter 4 Combined, 
and maybe, let's say, as we get into the next financial year, I think 
Sanjeev already responded to that in response to one of the earlier 
questions. I think again, as we keep saying, let's say, when we look 
at Quarter 4, two factors. One, we obviously have to wait and see 
how the environment plays. So, to that extent, that's a variable.  
Second, we will have to see how the market responds. I think what 
we have said, our combined will, again, be in relation to the industry 
outcomes. At least the first half seems to indicate that the market is 
slightly more adverse, compared to 111%, it's at about 113%. So 
we'll wait and see how Quarter 3 numbers are for the other players 
in the market and corresponding to that is how our own Quarter 4 
outcomes will play out. 
But what we are conscious of, I think in all fairness, when we look at 
maybe just the return on equity to stakeholders, I think the broad 
comfort that we can give you is we should definitely end the year 
within that range of about 16% to 18%. As we head into the next 
year, the approach to writing risk will still remain the same, and then 
we will keep looking for profitable opportunities. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
I'll give you a small perspective. So clearly, you'll get a better 
understanding of what Gopal also is talking about it. If you look at 
our last year number, even before that, Commercial Business for us 
was clearly doing a very good growth numbers and you know that 
Commercial Business overarchingly worked in a Combined ratio 
which is far lower. So when we started working on the planning for 
this year itself, we had a belief that Commercial Line per se remains 
secular on the contribution, which is what Gopal also alluded in this 
conversation. As things stand, it's not Commercial Line which has 
grown, but the Retail line of business which we're talking about, also 
Retail Indemnity that was Motor line of business which has given us 
growth. When the configuration changes, it's pertinent to 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 35 
understand that the combined ratio will also change. But the overall 
value that we want to give the stakeholder may not get impacted at 
all. So the obsession with Combined ratio, I do understand from your 
angle. But how we look at businesses has to be understood in a far 
more comprehensive manner to give a particular level of targeted 
ROE. There will be changes. If we had stuck to the same plan, maybe 
we wouldn't have done what is required on Retail, and still stuck to 
a low growing growth. So we would have done a much lesser top 
line as well as shown a better combined, but it would not have 
served the purpose. 
So the point that Gopal keeps making is, look at the business in a far 
more comprehensive manner. We will have to stay agile in terms of 
what opportunities get provided. While we do give guidance and we 
did speak about it, we don't want to get ourselves tied down because 
we have had “X" combined number, we will let go an opportunity, 
which will serve us much better in long term. It's an overarching 
thought which I want to put across and why we'll have to also real 
time change our plans as the market forces us to react to it. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
So just firstly, on the investment leverage, right, So if you look at it, 
it's already down to 3.77x for us, and there has been a sharp decline 
in the last 6 months. This is despite the fact that I'm assuming that 
Motor Vehicle Act-related benefits haven't really completely played 
out as yet. So just wanted to understand your thoughts in terms of 
with or without that implementation on a pan-India basis, where do 
you see the investment leverage stable out or stabilize? 
A related question to that is 2 - 3 years ago, we had given up this 
20% ROE and 100% combined ratio target in order to ensure that we 
are not missing out on growth opportunities. Given that we are now 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 35 
at 20% ROEs, and combined ratios are trending closer to 100%, I 
mean, we are still 200 bps away, do you think there could be a 
recalibration to that target in the medium term? 
Gopal Balachandran: So Rishi, let me take again in the reverse sequence. So if you ask us, 
the narrative in terms of our intent to keep looking for profitable 
growth opportunities remains the same. So therefore, do we stand 
committed to staying within that return on equity objective? Of 
course, that pretty much stays intact. That's the range I talked about. 
In the medium term, given the level of Combined, we should be 
getting to an outcome, which would be between 16 -18%.  
                                      The reason why I'm saying this is because you will still appreciate 
the fact that we don't want to lose opportunities for investment in 
areas which will propel growth in the future. So that's something that 
we are very conscious of. Therefore, these investments, which we 
have been speaking to even in the past, will entail an upfronting of 
expense in the P&L. That by itself, when you look at it just from years' 
outcome, it will possibly look at maybe an ROE which may not be 
equal exactly to 20%, for that matter of fact. But these are 
investments, which we think is something that we should make at 
this point of time, the effect of which will play through maybe over 
the next 2 to 3 years. 
But if you ask us, again, the point that we keep saying, the economic 
objective in terms of what we want to write, clearly is within that 
range of ROE objective that I responded in response to one of the 
earlier questions. Same thought process on Combined. The lens with 
which we look at each of the business opportunity, again, not just 
any particular line, across lines, I think the lens that we apply is 
obviously Combined and equally, ultimately, the returns that would 
fetch to stakeholders for the capital that is being infused. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 31 of 35 
So obviously, both of this does not fundamentally changed, and we 
stand committed to the range that we have spoken through. But all 
of these have to be looked at in the context of how the market 
operates. Hence, to that extent, this may be something that we will 
see playing out over long term, assuming the market starts 
responding sensibly. But at times, in case if the market responds 
more aggressively, in terms of competition, then to that extent, 
maybe some of these metrics will possibly get postponed by a year 
or two. So that's where we are. 
On the first point, the investment leverage, I think, again if you look 
at the way the leverage gets computed, obviously, there is a 
numerator, which is the investment assets; and the denominator, 
which is net worth. Then investment assets is obviously in the 
context of the various investments. Some of these investments are 
carried at a market value, and these are point estimates at the point 
of time. As you would have seen, particularly since you're looking at 
the numbers on a Quarter 3 basis, for example, we have seen 
obviously particularly equity markets relatively exhibiting a slightly 
more subdued sentiment. In that context, if you look at maybe the 
mark-to-market position that you would have at the book as at 
September, relative to as of December, obviously, at a point of time, 
that number would have seen a decline. So that would have some 
impact when you look at the investment leverage. 
Second, again, as what we have been speaking, there has also been 
a relative slowdown in growth, in general for us. That, by itself, 
clearly also contributes to the overall available cash flows, and that 
has also had an impact on the overall investment leverage.  
Third, I think, again, clearly, particularly for some of the Commercial 
Lines, which generally is very profitable, that's also been a segment 
where we have not seen as much of growth as what one would have 
expected. So all these factors is where we are on the leverage. But 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 32 of 35 
as the environment improves, we should start seeing the leverage 
coming back. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Also, just a small thing is that the Motor Vehicle Act that you refer to, 
Rishi, there's a faster intimation, then there will be a lower 
investment leverage, not higher. So that's one small thing. It's more 
driven by cash flow, and contribution in terms of the nature of 
business that comes through. Ironically, as much I don't want to, but 
if you have a growth of PAT also that bulges the denominator and 
net worth will go up, and that itself will lead to investment leverage 
going down. I mean it's more mathematical is what I'm saying, but 
multiple things will go in. It's, again, an outcome, we do understand 
the value of leverage in your mind. But we write business in terms of 
what makes sense, and this comes out as an outcome. It's not that 
we don't look at cash flow, but that is not the reason why we end up 
writing certain businesses or eliminate many businesses. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Avinash Singh from 
Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Just one question. Again coming to that, I mean, I recall your kind of 
focus on combined, not of claims and expenses. But more on the 
expenses, if you put together, one that each regulator now kind of 
looking for any kind of a change with their EoM targets, because the 
rule of EoM has been changed in between this 1/n accounting. 
And if you can help us, even kind of a commission plus OPEX basis, 
which are the business lines particularly that you see a bit of, I would 
say, intensified payouts or competition in terms of payout that is 
leading to this overall OPEX, including commission increase? 
Gopal Balachandran: Yes. So again on the point on EoM, Avinash, so at this point of time,  
I don't think the regulatory is contemplating anything specific in 
terms of any change in the thought process. As a regulator, what 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 33 of 35 
they're looking for is to make sure that the overall industry operates 
within a defined threshold. At this point of time, that number stands 
at about 30-35% as the case maybe. This has been just put into 
practice maybe since the last 1 year or so. So hence, to that extent, 
to expect anything suddenly changing, given even the change that 
they have put in the context of 1/n or thereabout, I think that's 
something that's not within our knowledge in terms of whether the 
regulator is looking for any specific changes to be made. So at this 
point of time, the limit of 30-35% stands intact. 
Having said that, what we at least understand from the market is 
the regulator is obviously keeping a very close watch on making sure 
that the larger market players continue to make sure that they run 
their overall operations at an EoM which is less than 30% or 35% as 
the case maybe. If you look at basis public disclosure of financial 
outcome, still there are a large number of players, who even on an 
FY2024 basis, have exceeded the threshold and clearly, from market, 
we understand that the regulator has asked each of these 
companies to come out with a plan of action, to make sure that they 
are able to come within the threshold. So that is where we are. We 
don't think there is going to be anything immediate insofar as change 
in the expectations on meeting the limits or expense of management 
is concerned from a market perspective. 
To your second point on what are the business lines that invariably  
contributes to, let's say, a high expense of management. Again, 
multiple factors. So for example, the point that I made saying that if 
you make any investments in opportunities for the future, so that 
entails a cost, that will be a part of my expense of management 
numbers today. So that will increase the ratio. Second, in terms of 
the mix of business that you write, which is what I explained earlier, 
if I'm writing, let's say, a relatively new portfolio on the motor side, 
that invariably comes with maybe a low loss ratio, high expense. So 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 34 of 35 
that will result in higher expense numbers. Third will be, again, given 
the fact that we are driving a lot more of Retail Health, so that 
invariably comes with a slightly higher cost of acquisition. So multiple 
moving parts. And that's the reason why I keep saying look at more 
on Combined as compared to just the expense ratio number. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the call over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Great. Thank you so much for joining us. This is always a pleasure, 
and your questions also give us tremendous clarity. We look forward 
to interacting with each one of you over the course of next few 
weeks. Look forward to your support, as always, and have a great 
year ahead. Thank you so much. Bye-bye. 
Gopal Balachandran:    Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
Safe Harbor:                   Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in 
this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , 
‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations 
of such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. 
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking 
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited 
to our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and 
expansion in business, the impact of any acquisitions, technological 
implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for 
insurance products and services, investment income, cash flow 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 35 of 35 
projections, our exposure to market risks, policies and actions of 
regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the impact of changes 
in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other 
legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks 
detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding 
company with the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission. ICICI Bank and we undertake no obligation to update 
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after 
the date there. 
 
 
