                      
             
                                                           PTC India Limited 
(Formerly known as Power Trading Corporation of India Limited) 
CIN : L40105DL1999PLC099328 
2nd Floor, NBCC Tower, 15 Bhikaji Cama Place New Delhi - 110 066 Tel: 011- 41659500, 41595100, 46484200, Fax: 011-41659144 
E-mail: info@ptcindia.com Website: www.ptcindia.com 
Date: - 19th February, 2025 
Listing Deptt.   / Deptt. of Corporate Relations 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai  
Fax- 022-22722037/ 39/41/61/3121/22723719 
Scrip Code: 532524 
 
Listing Deptt.  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai -51  
Fax-022-26598237/ 38 - 022-26598347/ 48 
Company Code: PTC 
 
Sub: Submission of transcript of Investors & Analyst Call held on Thursday, 13th 
 February 2025 on the financial results for Q3/9M FY25 
 
Ref:    Regulation 30, 46(2) (oa) and Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
 (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Sir/ Madam, 
 
This is in continuation of our letter dated 06th February, 2025 intimating about the schedule of 
Investors & Analyst Call. 
 
In terms of above referred regulations, please find attached herewith the transcript of the Investors 
& Analyst Call held through VC on Thursday, 13th February, 2025 on the financial results for Q3/ 
9M FY25. 
 
This is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.ptcindia.com. 
 
This is for information and record please. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For PTC India Limited 
 
 
 
Rajiv Maheshwari 
(Company Secretary) 
FCS- 4998 
 
Encl: as above 
RAJIV 
KUMAR 
MAHESHWA
RI
Digitally signed 
by RAJIV KUMAR 
MAHESHWARI 
Date: 2025.02.19 
17:26:25 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
PTC India Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call  
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the PTC India Q3 and Nine Months FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Representing the company and to answer your queries, we have with us on the call the senior 
management team led by Dr. Manoj Kumar Jhawar – Director C&O and CMD, Additional 
Charge. I would now like to hand the conference over to Dr. Manoj Kumar Jhawar of PTC India 
Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Dr. Manoj Kumar Jhawar: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the earning call of the company post our Q3, 
FY25 results. I am joined by the entire management team to take you along the earning details 
of the company. I have with me. Mr. Harish Saran, Director Marketing, Mr. Pankaj Goel who is 
ED & CFO, Mr. Rajiv Malhotra who is ED and Chief Risk Officer, Mr. Bikram Singh, who is ED 
Marketing and Shri Anand Kumar, who is VP Investor Relations. 
This post earning call gives us an opportunity to share insights into our company's vision, 
performance and strategic direction, and to engage with those who are integral to our growth 
and success, which is our investors, partners and stakeholders. The third quarter happens to 
be a fulfilling one, with volume support coming from all the segments of the trading. The 
volume growth, quarter-on-quarter basis has been 29% totaling to 19.24 billion units. And for 
the nine-month period ending December ‘24 it grew by 12% to 63.74 billion units. With a 23% 
growth in trading income to Rs.60.89 crore. The total operational income, including 
consultancy business, was Rs 182.12 crore for the third quarter. The PAT for the third quarter 
was Rs 110.59 crore. On supply power to Bangladesh we continue to supply power to the 
Bangladesh Power Development Board and our receivables are well within the manageable 
lines and as per the contextual structures. 
Our commercial and operational scheme are in regular interaction with the BPDB officials for 
smooth supply of energy and receipt of our deals. The definitive agreement for the sale of PTC 
Energy Limited with ONGC Green Limited was signed on 13th September 24 and our team is in 
the process of completing the condition precedent for the transaction. We expect this to close 
very shortly, and the timeline for completion of the transaction has been extended to 28th 
February 25 on mutual agreement. 

 
Page 2 of 13 
The business outlook, I expect power demand to remain firm and grow at 6% to 8% per annum. 
The demand can further rise in somewhat due to expected repairs and coupled with adverse 
weather conditions. The government focus on renewable energy, draft REIA guidelines to 
include many more traders, energy storage systems, pump storage systems, etcetera is 
expected to lead the supply basket in coming years. Government of India envisage a 
requirement of 74 gigawatt of capacity in storage solutions has better integration of renewable 
energy into the grid. The budget notification and guidance for PSP based plants will facilitate 
the adoption of energy from this sourcing calibrated and organized manner. We take pleasure 
in informing all of you that all the qualifications, either in this quarter standalone accounts or 
in consolidated accounts of PTC Group have been dropped by our auditors. Our Board has also 
approved the policies which were required for compliance under the business responsibility 
and sustainability reporting. The same shall be uploaded on our website very soon. Now, I will 
request our ED and CFO, Mr. Pankaj Goel to give the financial highlights of the company for 
that quarter. Post this, we will have question-and-answer session. Once again, thank you very 
much for your continued support to the company, and thank you very much for joining the call. 
Pankaj Goel: 
Thank you, CMD sir. Good evening to all of you. So as CMD has informed that there is a good 
news that all the qualifications at the group level made during the last quarters have been 
dropped by the auditors, and now we have a total clean results basically at the group level. So, 
now I will go through the financial results for the quarter ended and nine months ended 
December ‘24. So first, I will go through the quarter ended result for December ‘24 quarter. So 
volume has increased by 29% to 19.2 billion unit, from 14.9 billion unit. The volume has mainly 
increased due to a higher short term trade. The total operational income has increased by 66% 
to Rs 182 crore, from Rs 109 crore. The operational income has increased mainly due to higher 
surcharge income and volume traded. Profit before tax has increased by 74% to Rs 148 crore, 
from Rs 85 crore. PAT has also moved in the same direction, increased by 76% to Rs 111 crore 
from Rs 63 crore. The total comprehensive income stood at Rs 111 crore compared to a loss of 
Rs  4 crore. So in the last quarter, the December 23 quarter, there was a total comprehensive 
income loss because if you are aware that last year there was damage to Teesta  Project due 
to flash flood in Sikkim arising of Glacial Lake Outburst Flood . The company took a reduction 
of 67.49 crore in the carrying value of its investment in Sikkim in the corresponding quarter 
ended December 23. The earning per share for the quarter stood at Rs.3.74 as compared to 
Rs.2.12 in the corresponding quarter. 
Now, I will go through the nine month ended results on a standalone basis. Volume has 
increased by 12% to 63.7 billion units from 56.8 billion units. Total operational income has 
increased by 34% to Rs.567 crore from Rs.422 crore. Profit before tax has increased by 21% to 
Rs 448 crore from Rs 371 crore, as earlier mentioned PBT increased due to higher volume and 
the higher surcharge income. Profit after tax, has increased by 17% to Rs 333 crore from Rs 286 
crore, total other comprehensive income has increased by 53% to Rs 334 crore from Rs 218 
crore. 

 
Page 3 of 13 
Earning per share for the nine month ended stood at Rs.11.26 as compared to Rs 9.66 in the 
corresponding quarter. Now, I will go through the consolidated results for the quarter, and nine 
month ended December ‘24. For the quarter volume has increased by 29% to 19.3 billion unit 
from 15 billion unit. Profit before tax has increased by 72% to Rs 226 crore from Rs 131 crore. 
Increase in consolidated PBT is on account of that higher profit before tax of PTC and of PTC 
financial services also and secondly, in the last quarter we have also informed that now, 
because the PTC energy asset has been held for sale, as per the IndAS accounting so in the 
consolidating accounts we don't have to charge the appreciation. So because of non-charging 
of depreciation on PEL assets the same has classified as held for sale and depreciation has been 
added back into the profit before tax. So profit after tax has increased by 87% to Rs 181 crore 
from Rs 97 crore. Total other comprehensive income has increased by 517% to Rs 181 crore 
from Rs 29 crore. Earning per share for the quarter stood at Rs.5.32 as compared to Rs.2.68.  
Now, we will go for the nine month ended consolidated results, volume has increased by 12% 
to 64.2 billion unit from 57.3 billion units. Profit before tax has increased by 31% to Rs 778 
crore from Rs 594 crore. Profit after tax has also increased in the same direction by 37% to Rs 
604 crore from Rs.442 crore. Total other comprehensive income has increased by 62% to Rs 
604 crore from Rs 373 crore. Earning per share for the nine month ended stood at Rs.18.54 in 
comparison to Rs. 13.2 in the corresponding 9M December 23. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. To ask a question click on the 
Q&A tab on the panel and click on raise hand button. You can also type in your text questions. 
The operator will announce your name when it is your turn to ask a question. Please accept the 
prompt on your screen and unmute your microphone while proceeding with your question. 
We will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from 
Narendra Kutia, from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Narendra Kutia: 
Hi, am I audible? 
Moderator:  
Yes, you are please proceed. 
Narendra Kutia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my question is regarding HPX. So it's been about almost two 
years since the letter regarding market coupling was released. So where are we on that front, 
could you throw some light on when can we expect market coupling to happen, and what kind 
of discussions are going on? 
Management: 
Regarding market coupling, basically it is a call for the regulators and the government to take. 
We have been advocating for this, we have been having regular sort of meetings with the 
concerned officials. The pilot has been completed by the CEA, now those results are at a 
discussion at various levels. We will keep on educating for this coupling based on the sound 
technical logic as well as the commercial logic, but we cannot really prescribe any timeline for 
the same. 

 
Page 4 of 13 
Narendra Kutia: 
Okay, all right, sir. And what was the revenue and PBT per HPX for the nine months, as well as 
Q3 FY25? 
Management: 
Yes, so for December ‘24 quarter, the revenue from operation from HPX as a whole was Rs 6.23 
crore, and profit before tax was Rs 1.36 crore and profit after tax was Rs 1.28 crores. 
Narendra Kutia: 
And for nine month ended? 
Management: 
For nine month ended the total revenue was Rs 30.27 crore, and the profit before tax was Rs 
10.12 crore, profit after tax was Rs 8.39 crore. 
Narendra Kutia: 
Okay, sir. And if the market coupling, until and unless the market coupling doesn't happen. So 
our numbers in the HPX business would remain around about at the same levels, right? 
Management: 
Actually, in a sense we are really constrained by the fact that in the absence of market coupling 
all the volumes in the collective segments are likely to remain engaged with the leading 
exchange only, and that is the global experience. So yes, that is one of the reasons we are 
pushing our case for market coupling and allowing more players to be in the exchange segment, 
so that basically lead to betterment our services through competition. 
Narendra Kutia: 
Okay, sir thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may please click on the Q&A tab on the 
panel and click on the raise hand button. We will take the text question from Bharanibhar Vijay 
Kumar from Avendus Spark. And the question is, what is the margin per unit in nine months 
FY25 separately in short term trades, medium term and long term trades, what are these 
margins for nine months FY24? 
Management: 
Yes. So for short term trade, for quarter December, our margin was 0.75 paisa per unit, in 
comparison to 0.66 paisa per unit, in medium term trade it is 2.15 paisa per unit. In long term 
trade, it is 7.7 paisa per unit and for nine month ended the short term trade margin was 0.84 
paisa per unit. For medium term it is 2.06 paisa per unit and for long term trade, it is around 
7.5 paisa per unit. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. We will take the next question from Gopi Krishna MK a Private Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Gopi Krishna MK: 
Can you hear me? 
Moderator:  
Yes, sir you are audible. Please proceed. 
Gopi Krishna MK: 
Okay. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the very good numbers. I want to 
ask you one question, what is the difference between surcharge and the rebate in the 

 
Page 5 of 13 
presentation because surcharge is more and rebate is less, and how much this surcharge can 
go? 
Management: 
You see actually you have to understand the structure of a power trading contractor. It is like 
this, that if there is a client who has got certain obligation to make certain payment by certain 
date. And then if he is preceding the payment before he is making a payment before the due 
date, then he is entitled to receive rebate. And if he is making a payment after that due date, 
then he is liable to pay the surcharge. Now what happens that, what applies to a customer also 
applies to us. So as a trader, we are in the middle of this section where on the one side there 
is a buyer and on the other side there is a seller. So with the help of our treasury, we take 
advantages of the situation wherein we can make some earnings through the surcharge at the 
same time, also make some earnings through the rebate. But this situation remains very, very 
fluid and dynamic with liquidity position of our client. It is heavily dependent on them, so it 
cannot really be predicted but this is a offering to our clients that we can if you are facing some 
short term liquidity issues, so we can pitch in on your behalf. 
Gopi Krishna MK: 
Okay, sir second question I want to ask you, what about the long term contracts, how do you 
think that you would be able to secure more long term contracts because the margins in long 
term contracts are much higher. And do you buy power from Bhutan, because Bhutan is having 
lot of hydroelectric power, so they have access and they export to India? 
Management: 
Two things, number one, now in the domestic sector currently traders are not allowed to 
participate in any long term trade. So, it has to be basically a direct transaction between buyer 
and seller. So that is by design of law, that is by design of the guidelines of the central 
government. So on the domestic sector, it is unlikely that, unless and until this policy 
environment is changed, we will be able to gather more long term contracts. Your second 
question, yes we are aware of the possibilities of sale of power to Bhutan, and we do provide 
them power as per the requirement for that we have necessary approvals and infrastructure. 
Gopi Krishna MK: 
Okay. So the third question I want to ask you, your share price have gone below book value, do 
you have any plans to go for a buyback of shares if you receive the money from ONGC or you 
can recommend to the board, my suggestion of course you cannot take a decision right now. 
Management: 
Your suggestion is duly noted, of course whenever we receive this money from deal, so options 
will be presented before the Board, and as per the decision of the Board further actions shall 
be taken. 
Gopi Krishna MK: 
Okay, thank you sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Suryash Bhave from Wealth Cardial. Please go ahead. 
Suryash Bhave: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible? 

 
Page 6 of 13 
Moderator:  
Yes, sir, please proceed. 
Suryash Bhave: 
So, I have a question on ONGC, would it be possible to disclose the reasons for delay in the 
transaction, the reason why we have not yet gone through? 
Management: 
As per the entered agreement there was a large number of conditions precedent which were 
required to be fulfilled, and this is a process in which we have to step by step a lot of legal work 
is required to be done. A lot of administrative work is required to be done. But, I assure that 
currently there are no roadblocks and we are expecting this deal to be closed very early. I again 
repeat that the timeline for completion on this deal has been extended till 28th Feb this month 
with mutual consent, we are expecting to complete within this time. 
Suryash Bhave: 
Alright. Sir in one of the previous calls, we had talked about some receivable situation with 
respect to the state of J&K, has that resolved any status update on that? 
Management: 
Yes, that has significantly resolved. And currently it is very, very well within the manageable 
limits earlier, the dues had increased to as I guess around Rs.1200  crore possibly more than 
that. But currently, the debtor situation in respect of state of J&K, is very, very manageable. It 
is currently less than Rs.700 crore, so that is normal. 
Suryash Bhave: 
Sir regarding Bangladesh, can we. 
Management: 
Bangladesh also. Please ask the question. 
Suryash Bhave: 
Yes, regarding Bangladesh can you give some maybe similar numbers as in the amounts 
outstanding and what kind of money are we receiving and numbers around that? 
Management: 
Yes, so as far as Bangladesh is concerned, the last quarter our outstanding was around Rs 859 
crore. But at the end of this quarter, our outstanding was only Rs 693 crore so there is around 
Rs 200 crore reduction  on outstanding. 
Suryash Bhave: 
Okay. Sir, one last question I have, it is regarding Sikkim Urja and our stake in the company, 
would we be required to contribute any money towards its repairs or reconstruction as in, how 
do you see that panning out? 
Management: 
Number one no, we do not intend to invest any more funds into that project. And number two, 
revival of that project depends on a lot of things, a lot of clearances would be required, many 
engineering and design embedded issues would be required. Those issues have to be taken 
care of by the developer who is in control of the project. 
Suryash Bhave: 
Okay, all right sir. Thank you. 

 
Page 7 of 13 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Vipul Kumar Shah from Sumangal Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Hi, am I audible sir? 
Moderator:  
Yes. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Yes, so my question is, are dues to Bangladesh covered by any sovereign guarantee from 
Bangladesh government? 
Management: 
Yes, sir. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Okay. And second question regarding core margin, so why the margin have come down 
substantially for three months and nine months? 
Management: 
Margins are actually generally aligned with what we have been having but the entire business 
volume, as I told earlier, that since there are no new long term trading opportunities arising 
because of regulatory affairs. So margin we are trying to earn more and more margin from 
short term and medium term trades. Obviously, the short term and medium term trades can 
be a lower margin. So overall, while we increase the volumes, there is a pressure on the 
margins. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
And where are we in the journey to diverse PTC financials? 
Management: 
Right now, earlier this matter was taken up and considered by the Board of PTC, and this 
process was earlier started, but later on put on hold. So once we complete this period, maybe 
that portion will again be considered by the Board. But right now, as I told you it was put on 
hold. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
So, right now we have no plans to divest PTC Financials? 
Management: 
As of now, no, but once we conclude this PEL transaction with ONGC this question will again 
be taken up. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Okay. And sir lastly regarding the power exchange you were talking about coupling. So how 
that coupling mechanism works, if you can explain briefly and how it will advantage, it will?  
Management: 
So, what I would say recommend and suggest is that there is a stamp paper by CERC on the 
market coupling. So maybe if you can provide your email address, my staff will be able to send 
you that stamp paper, and that will explain in detail as to what is envisaged to be achieved by 
market coupling and how it is to be done. If you have any further queries in that regard, we can 
provide you more inputs when done with questions. 

 
Page 8 of 13 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Rahul K from Florin Tree. What is the reason for a high 
net surcharge income book this quarter. Also, what is the situation at Teesta are and when can 
we expect ramp up in Teesta production? 
Management: 
The ramp up in Testa is expected to take, we have answered the same previously.  I will just 
answer that question in response to another query, and regarding surcharges, as I told you that 
the treasury income, surcharge income and rebate income, all these three things basically are 
derived on the basis of cash funds available with PTC. Sometimes, if you do not have any 
opportunity to earn rebate or surcharge, you would want to park your funds in treasury. 
Sometimes, when you have opportunities to earn the surcharge, you would want to avail those 
opportunities, or many opportunities to earn rebate, then you will again want to cash in on 
those opportunities. So it is difficult to predict in any manner the H2 which income in which 
quarter will go up. But collectively, this is the trend we are likely to earn total sum of treasury 
income plus rebate income, plus surcharge income like this. These three things are interchange. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next text question is from Paresh Sandani from Joshua Investments and his 
questions are as follows. What is the leading to higher surcharge income, what is leading to 
higher volumes? Are we included to trade in renewables and if yes, what was its contribution 
in last quarter, I request you to please consider a liberal dividend from energy divestment. 
Management: 
Number one, regarding dividend, we have already answered regarding your suggestion for 
higher dividend, it is duly noted, but again this matter will be considered by the Board. And 
regarding green trading, yes we do a lot of green trading also, and for that on the exchange. So 
there is a separate segment itself, which is called green day and market, green turbine market. 
Besides that also from renewable energy sources, I will tell you very, very little capacity is 
available for trading in the merchant market. All those contracts, generally there is a back-to-
back arrangement between buyer and the seller. But present, when any opportunity for trading 
in the green and renewable sources arises, we do entertain those opportunities. 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. The next text question is from Amit Kumar, from Determine Invest. And he says, 
thank you team. What is the recoverability potential of surcharges on by the company this year. 
I am new to the power sector, but given our experience in gas sector, these generally go into 
litigation and are not resolved for many years. How many of these surcharges remain as 
recoverable presently? 
Management: 
There are two components to this. One must understand the power markets. In the power 
market, the medium term and the long term use are always guaranteed by the prapti portal, 
so receivables including surcharge is not a challenge unless and until there is some underlying 
litigation. But that litigation can happen in any business, anytime with anyone. So, I am not 
measuring into debt, but for the medium term and the long term trades, this surcharge income 

 
Page 9 of 13 
as well as the trading margin is very high probability of recoverability because of prapti 
mechanism. Regarding the short term trades we do like to keep our exposure within a limits as 
pursued by our risk department and our relationship with our buyers or sellers. So whatever is 
being shown as recoverable in our opinion and in our auditor's opinion, is recoverable. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. Before we go ahead with the next question, a reminder to all the participants 
that you may please click on the Q&A tab on the panel, and you may also click on the raise 
hand button. We will take the next question from Rajeev Agarwal from Sterling Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajeev Agarwal: 
Sir my question is regarding this system of rebates. So, you get rebate from the producer, or 
you get rebate from the Discom? 
Management: 
We get rebate from the producer for making early payment. 
Rajeev Agarwal: 
Okay. So from Discom you only receive the surcharge right? 
Management: 
Yes, from the Discom side, we will receive the surcharge and from the generator side we will 
receive the rebate. 
Rajeev Agarwal: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next text question from Vivek Nayak, an Individual Investor, and 
he says in last quarterly concall the ONGC deal was supposed to be finalized by 15 December 
2024, let us know the reason for the delay and expected date by which the deal would be 
completed? 
Management: 
The delays have occurred mainly because a lot of legal work was required to be done and it 
could not be completed within the expected timeline at that point of time, the current revised 
timeline for completion of the deal in which we are hoping really to close the deal. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please click on the Q&A tab on the 
panel and click on raise hand button. You may also type in your text questions. We will take 
the next text question from Siddharth Shah from Vikram Advisory Services Private Limited. I 
am sorry, sir, the question has left the queue. We will take the next text question from Naveen 
Goyal from Club Millionaire PMS. And he says, do you expect the surcharge income to continue 
at the rate seen in last two quarters. Do we expect the dividends payouts to continue at least 
50% of profits and a special dividend from die investments? 
Management: 
You see, this is really a forward looking statement. I should not be making that comment here. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. 

 
Page 10 of 13 
Management: 
As I told you earlier, the rebate income plus surcharge income plus treasury income together, 
all three taken together, there is a sense of stability. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next question is from Nisha Shah, an Individual Investor. And she says, 
NHPC, Adani and many more to plan to buy PTC India, we think of it that's the question. 
Management: 
I am sorry, I could not get the question. Can you repeat again please? 
Moderator:  
Sir she said, NHPC, Adani and many more to plan to buy PTC India, we think of it. Are you 
planning to buy? 
Management: 
Actually, I cannot comment on the corporate plans of other people, and if they want to buy the 
equity, there are only two sources, which is either market or promoters. About promoters also 
I cannot comment, on  promoter’s  equity, and their  wish to manage this equity  as per their 
business plans it is their call. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. We will take the next question from Vikram Shah from Vikram Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikram Shah: 
Namaste, sir. Thank you for such a wonderful result. My question was, obviously I joined in a 
bit late, sorry so I couldn't for some reason, join in. Obviously, the first question is about the 
ONGC money will it happen this financial year, because it's been going on for three quarters 
now, almost and the second question is, going forward the consulting business, how accretive 
do you see, or where do you see your focus on the consulting business over the next three 
years? 
Management: 
Okay, the first thing regarding this closure of transaction between PTC and ONGC, as I told 
earlier also, would be revised for completion of transaction is  28th February, we are hoping to 
conclude it by then. Regarding second question about your consulting business, there are a 
couple of issues I would like to really highlight, the consulting business depend a lot on many 
other things also, just for example we used to do a lot of consulting for US AID projects. 
Currently, US AID has put a bar on many things, so consulting depends on those things. But we 
definitely have plans to grow this sector, and in coming quarters, we hope we get some good 
news. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. Sir, Vikram has rejoined the queue. I will just unmute him. Please go ahead 
Vikram. 
Vikram Shah: 
Yes, sorry again I lost connections, I will ONGC later and again, sir regarding the promoters 
request, all these news articles about NHPC and all these people wanting to sell 17% what are 
your comments on that? 

 
Page 11 of 13 
Management: 
Actually, we have no official confirmation from our promoters to us as to they wish to sell this 
equity. Number one, number two it is their own business plan, we need not comment. 
Vikram Shah: 
All right, and sir regarding coupling there is always a perceived threat to the business because 
of government allowing coupling. So what is your view on that, sir? 
Management: 
It is not a threat for us, it is an opportunity for us. If coupling happens, then our HPX business 
is expected to grow significantly because it will help our exchange HPX. 
Vikram Shah: 
We only have a 20% stake in HPX, right as opposed to? 
Management: 
Yes, 22% stake we have in HPX that is a significant stake that is number one, but that exchange, 
the value of that exchange investment is likely to go off if coupling happens, that depends on 
that is a positive development that happens.  
Vikram Shah: 
Right. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Amitabh Sonthaliah from SKS Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amitabh Sonthaliah: 
Hello, sir. I wanted to ask about the impairment charges reversal this quarter compared to last 
quarter, which is the main reason which has given us the PBT increase year-on-year. And just 
want to understand what is the broad business trends, we are seeing in the next coming 
quarters? 
Management: 
So you are asking this impairment for PTC financial services, or PTC India? 
Amitabh Sonthaliah: 
The consolidated, I was looking at the consolidated P&L, which you have been Rs 18.6 crores 
of impairment charges. 
Management: 
So, yes that is because the results are consolidated with PTC financial so this reversal is on 
account of PTC financial services results. Basically they have earlier made a provision for ILFS 
loan towards the unsustainable debt also, but in this quarter they have received some money 
out of the provision they have earlier made. So that’s why they have to make a reversal of the 
provision. 
Amitabh Sonthaliah: 
And just some color on the various business segments. I joined the call a bit late, if you can just 
give us some current trends in the various businesses that we are operating in? 
Management: 
Okay, so broadly speaking in the trading sector, I would like to again emphasize that in domestic 
markets, long trade is not allowed to participate in the long term deals. So it has to be a direct 
deal between buyer and seller. So on the long term segment domestically it is not possible to 
grow that segment. Regarding medium term and the short term, the electricity generation in 
the country is growing at about 7% per annum rate. So likewise, the trading is also increasing 

 
Page 12 of 13 
in that proportion. But a lot and lot volume of trading is migrating towards short term trades. 
So inherently, in the short term trades, the risk is lower, but so are the markets. So we have to, 
device strategies, and engage with our customers as to how we can customize our offerings so 
that we can mitigate some effects of the pressure on margin and at the same time, we grow 
volume in medium term and short term segments. Regarding PFS, of course the numbers are 
there, but that is all I can say, because that is listed in itself, and those questions better should 
be addressed to the PFS management. The PEL deal is happening, is likely to happen in this 
month itself, 28 February is the new deadline for completion of PEL transaction. HPX is likely 
to grow when there is a market coupling, but besides that in other segments where the 
exchange is currently growing well are TAM market and ADSS market, so till such time the 
coupling starts the exchange is basically focusing on those numbers. 
Amitabh Sonthaliah: 
Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next text question from Karthi Babu from Cap Stocks and Securities, 
and the question is, what is the net debt level in standalone business? 
Management: 
So as far as the debt is concerned, that we don't take and there is no long term debt, only we 
will take the working capital loan from the bank from time-to-time. So as on 31st December, 
there were very miniscule type of a debt was there. So, I will just tell you, it's about Rs 48 crore 
of bank debt but our net cash position was Rs 516 crore. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next text question is from Rupesh Sankey from Elara Capital, and the 
question is, what is cash in hand and receivables as of December ‘24, also payable amount. 
Thank you. 
Management: 
Yes, the net cash in hand was around Rs 516 crore, as on the last day of the quarter, December, 
24 and the gross cash was around Rs 564 cror. 
Management: 
Debt. 
Management: 
So, Its Rs 48 crore. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next text question is from Vivek Nayak an Individual Investor, and the 
question is, with respect to PTC financials, are the audit issues or fees paid to consultant, et 
cetera are resolved by now? 
Management: 
All the qualifications appearing in the PFS annual account have been dropped by the auditors 
based on the actions taken by the management of PFS. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next text question is from Paresh Shah, an Individual Investor and the 
question is, when we are getting ONGC money, and are you planning for dividend as 25 years? 

 
Page 13 of 13 
Management: 
Again I will repeat its 28 February this month, that is when we expect close review. We are 
giving dividend on regular basis and in other businesses, the call will be taken by the Board. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next text question is from Vikram Shah, from Vikram Securities. And the 
question is, are we starting the PTC financial disinvestment anytime this calendar year? And 
are we stating a dividend policy of 50% ballpark? 
Management: 
Currently, we already have a dividend policy in which we pay the dividend which is more than 
50% that is our policy since very long period. So that is part number one, part number two, 
regarding the disinvestment of PFS, again when this dealing of PEL is completed. I believe this 
question will be taken up for consideration on the Board of PTC. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next question is from Krishna Nambudiri a Retail Investor. Please go ahead. 
Krishna Nambudiri: 
Good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and my question is, regarding the trade with 
Bangladesh, and what is the status now, are we getting the money and what is the receivable 
as of date? 
Management: 
Receivable, CFO will tell you, but currently it is controllable, and it is now lesser than the peak 
debt. 
Management: 
So, Bangladesh receivable as on the last day of the quarter is Rs 693 crore. As against the 
September quarter it's Rs 859 crore. So it has reduced by around Rs 200 crore in this quarter? 
Krishna Nambudiri: 
And we are still supplying to Bangladesh? 
Management: 
Yes, we are supplying. 
Krishna Nambudiri: 
Sure, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management from PTC India Limited for closing comments. Over to 
you sir. 
Management: 
Thank you very much investors for having shared time with company. We hope that we remain 
long term partners in sustainable growth from this business, good evening. 
Moderator:  
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of PTC India Limited 
that concludes today's session. Thank you for your participation you may now click on the exit 
meeting to disconnect. Thank you. 
