       
                     
LTIM/SE/STAT/2024-25/117  
 
 
 
 
 
January 20, 2025 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: LTIM 
The BSE Limited,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 540005 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call held on January 16, 2025 
 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on January 16, 2025.  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For LTIMindtree Limited 
 
 
 
Angna Arora 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Angna 
Arora
Digitally signed 
by Angna Arora 
Date: 2025.01.20 
17:11:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
“LTIMindtree Q3 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: Mr. Debashis Chatterjee – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
   Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi – President, Markets 
   Mr. Nachiket Deshpande – Chief Operating Officer 
                           Mr. Vipul Chandra - Chief Financial Officer 
   Mr. Vikas Jadhav – Head, Investor Relations 
 
 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the LTIMindtree Q3 FY'25 
Results Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the 
operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone telephone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikas Jadhav, Head, Investor 
Relations, LTIMindtree. Thank you. And over to you. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
Thanks, Yashashree. Welcome to LTIMindtree's Q3 FY'25 Earnings Call. 
Today, on the call, we have with us  
Mr. Debashis Chatterjee, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director,  
Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi – President (Global Markets),  
Mr. Nachiket Deshpande – Chief Operating Officer and  
Mr. Vipul Chandra, Chief Financial Officer. 
We will begin the call by providing a brief Overview on the company's Q3 
Performance, after which we'll open the floor for Q&A. During the call, we 
could make forward-looking statements. These statements consider the 
environment as we see as of today and carry risks and uncertainties that could 
cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in today's call. 
We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements made on this 
call. 
I now turn the call over to DC for his opening remarks. 
Debashis Chatterjee: Thank you, Vikas. Good evening and good morning to everyone. I wish you 
all a very Happy New Year and thank you for joining us today. 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
I am pleased to report that the growth momentum from the previous two 
quarters continued into Q3. Revenue for Q3 increased by 1.8% sequentially 
and 5.6% year-over-year in constant currency, reaching US$1.14 billion. The 
quarter marked multiple accomplishments including year-over-year growth 
across all verticals with particular traction in the BFSI vertical, which we have 
consistently highlighted. 
Additionally, we signed a record TCV amounting to US$1.68 billion, up 29% 
quarter-over-quarter. These wins included a new logo in manufacturing 
vertical worth over US$50 million as well as two large deals in the BFS 
vertical. We also opened 17 new logos during this quarter. Furthermore, we 
enhanced our cash generation and increased employee headcount for the third 
consecutive quarter. These positive outcomes were achieved despite seasonal 
challenges including furloughs and fewer billing days. 
The EBIT margin for the quarter was 13.8%, down from 15.5% in Q2. The 
170-basis points decline was mainly due to wage hikes, which we estimated 
would impact margins by approximately 200 basis points. 
In recent quarters, we have extensively discussed our AI strategy and its 
potential impact on our growth. With this context, I would like to take this 
opportunity to explain how we are actively implementing our AI strategy.  
Our framework, “AI in everything, Everything for AI, and AI for everyone” 
not only continues to resonate strongly, driving innovation and delivering 
value for our stakeholders, but is also helping us win deals. 
From a customer penetration standpoint, we are now engaged with the majority 
of our customer base across verticals on AI initiatives, demonstrating growing 
trust in our ability to drive impactful AI-led transformations. In the current 
landscape, every major deal is assessed through an AI lens. As we discussed 
during our Investor Day (https://www.ltimindtree.net/investor-day-2024) held 
in November last year while AI may cannibalize some revenue, it offers 
substantial opportunity for growth and increased market share when 
strategically leveraged. Our recent record deal wins demonstrate our 
capabilities and positioning, and we remain committed to viewing AI as a key 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
opportunity for growth. Here is an account of some critical deal wins this 
quarter, where AI played a crucial role. 
Let me begin with “AI in Everything” deal wins: 
A global manufacturer chose LTIMindtree to manage its end-to-end IT 
landscape, using LTIMindtree's ‘AI in operations’ platform. 
A leading global investment firm has selected LTIMindtree's proprietary ‘AI 
and infrastructure’ platform to manage its end-to-end infrastructure services. 
A Middle East nuclear energy company chose LTIMindtree for its end-to-end 
IT landscape, leveraging our ‘AI in operations’ platform. 
I would like to now highlight our “Everything for AI” wins: 
A state-owned insurance company selected LTIMindtree to implement data 
fabric and development of AI use cases, including data governance. 
A leading US headquartered software company that provides enterprise cloud 
computing solutions has entrusted LTIMindtree with managing its Next-Gen 
Data Fabric. 
A leading Middle East oil and gas major has partnered with LTIMindtree to 
implement an Advanced Data Governance Platform. 
The third pillar of our strategy is “AI for Everyone”, which focuses on 
empowering people and humanizing AI: 
We are happy to share that we have achieved nearly company-wide completion 
of foundational AI training. In addition to expanding the breadth of training, 
we have curated and invested in advanced skill building programs that focus 
on specializations tailored to customers’ needs such as hyperscaler platforms, 
enterprise applications and both closed and open source LLMs. 
In Q3, we deepened our partnerships focused on building more AI-led 
transformative services and solutions for our clients. 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
Here's an account: 
LTIMindtree and GitHub established a strategic alliance to enhance AI-driven 
software engineering. 
LTIMindtree and Microsoft entered a partnership to accelerate AI innovation 
and drive digital transformation for global enterprises. 
LTIMindtree collaborated with AWS to launch industry-specific Gen.AI 
solutions. Our Gen.AI platform, AI frameworks, and accelerators combined 
with AWS's robust Gen.AI capabilities enable rapid development and 
deployment of customized Gen.AI solutions across industries. 
LTIMindtree developed “Smart Underwriter”, an Agentic AI Solution 
powered by ServiceNow. The solution is designed to assist underwriters in 
making more informed data-driven decisions and enhance efficiency through 
intelligent automation. 
In Q3, we announced a partnership and strategic investment in “Voicing.AI”, 
an advanced Agentic AI Solution for Customer Engagement Processes. These 
processes are critical for clients to not only serve their customers for products 
sold but also enhance their sales effectiveness. A majority of customer service 
firms are expected to adopt Gen.AI in 2025. LTIMindtree in partnership with 
Voicing.AI's Agentic AI intends to disrupt this market and provide significant 
cost savings to clients in addition to superior experience. We are actively 
involved in over 40 client conversations that leverage our combined value 
proposition.  
We are pleased about our AI progress and excited about the opportunities 
ahead. We remain committed to driving AI innovation for our customers and 
within our own organization. 
Next, I will discuss our “Industry Verticals Performance”: 
Q3 growth was led by BFSI vertical which grew 8% year-over-year and 4.2% 
quarter-over-quarter in constant currency. Both BFS and Insurance witnessed 
healthy growth; we signed one large deal using LTIMindtree's proprietary “AI 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
in infrastructure” platform to manage clients end-to-end infrastructure 
services. 
The Manufacturing and Resources vertical grew 1% year-over-year and 9.1% 
quarter-over-quarter in constant currency. This quarter included some pass-
through revenue. We also won a deal worth over US$50 million in which we 
will manage the customers’ application stack, ERP and infrastructure using our 
AI platform. 
Technology, Media and Communications vertical grew 9.1% year-over-year 
and declined by 5.5% quarter-over-quarter in constant currency. Tech 
companies continue to be at the forefront of AI adoption. In the spirit of doing 
more for less, we are passing on AI-driven productivity benefits to our clients. 
Customer business grew 2.2% year-over-year and 0.2% quarter-over-quarter 
in constant currency. 
Healthcare, Life Sciences and Public Services vertical grew 2.2% year-over-
year and 0.4% quarter-over-quarter in constant currency. 
We continue to expand our workforce to support growth. This marks our third 
consecutive quarter of employee additions. In Q3, we onboarded 2,362 
employees, bringing the year to date count to 5,150 new hires, reflecting a 6.3% 
increase compared to the previous year's end headcount. At the end of the 
quarter, our total headcount stands at 86,800. Attrition remains stable at 14.3%. 
I will now turn over the call to Vipul for Financial Highlights. 
Vipul Chandra: 
Thank you, DC. Hello, everyone and thank you for joining the call. Firstly, I 
would like to wish everyone on the call a Very Happy New Year. 
Let me now walk you through the Financial Highlights for the 3rd Quarter of 
FY'25 starting with our revenue performance. Our Q3 revenue stood at 
US$1.14 billion, reflecting sequential growth of 1.1% and 5.1% year-on-year 
in dollar terms. The corresponding constant currency growth was 1.8% quarter-
on-quarter and 5.6% year-on-year. 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
EBIT margin declined by 170 basis points to 13.8% as compared to 15.5% in 
the previous quarter. The impact on account of wage hikes came in at about 
220 basis points, and the hikes were effective from first October and given to 
all eligible employees across the company. However, despite the seasonal 
impact of furloughs and lower working days, our ongoing efforts on cost 
optimization helped margins by 50 basis points sequentially. The foreign 
exchange movements negatively impacted the revenue line and positively 
affected the cost line items at EBIT level. At the PAT level, it has been broadly 
neutral for us. 
The effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.2% as compared to 25.8% in Q2. 
We expect the effective tax rate for FY'25 to be in the same range. 
The PAT margin for the quarter was 11.2% as compared to 13.3% in the 
previous quarter. Basic EPS was at Rs.36.7 for the quarter as compared to 
Rs.42.3 in Q2 FY'25. 
Our efforts towards our aspirational DSO target of 75-days are continuing, and 
in line with this we close the total DSO for this quarter at 80-days compared to 
81-days in the previous quarter.  
We had a significant improvement in our cash conversion metrics in Q3, the 
operating cash flow to PAT improved to 126.3% as against 74.2% in Q2. 
Furthermore, free cash flow to PAT has shown a strong improvement to 
106.8% compared to 54.5% in Q2. 
Despite a significant cash outflow due to interim dividend payment and mid-
year variable payout, I am pleased to report that our cash and investment 
balances are up by almost 500 crores quarter-on-quarter and stood at 12,488 
crores. This corresponds to US$1.45 billion. The return on equity for the 
quarter was at 23.7%. 
As of December 31, 2024, our cash flow hedges stood at USD3.88 billion and 
hedges on the balance sheet were USD360 million. 
Our utilization, excluding the trainees dropped further to 85.4% compared to 
87.7% last quarter. This aligns with our focus on strengthening the bench 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
capacity, enabling us to support our growth ahead. We also continue to onboard 
freshers in line with our strategy to broaden the pyramid; we onboarded over 
1,400 freshers this quarter. Our TTM attrition remained stable for the quarter 
at 14.3% compared to 14.5% last quarter. 
On the CSR front, I am pleased to announce that LTIMindtree was placed in 
the top 10 of 50,000 assessed companies in Achilles Networks, with an overall 
ESG score of 84 out of 100, Achilles’ average score stands at 56 only.  
Our commitment to sustainability involves embedding the principles into our 
culture and long-term strategy. LTIMindtree was featured in Business World 
Magazine for being one of the top 50 India's Most Sustainable Companies in 
2024. 
We have also been named one of the Top 50 Companies for Women in India 
and one of the top 20 best IT Companies for Women in India by the 2024 Avtar 
& Seramount Best Companies for Women in India.  
These recognitions are a clear acknowledgement of our efforts to create value 
beyond profits for all our stakeholders. 
I now hand it back to “DC for the Business Outlook.” 
Debashis Chatterjee: Thank you, Vipul. In terms of the business outlook, there has been a promising 
increase in deal activity and the deal pipeline in Q3 as evidenced by a record 
order inflow in the quarter. The continuing client focus on cost reduction and 
vendor consolidation is supporting a strong pipeline. The savings generated 
from these cost cutting measures are directed towards pilot programs and 
scaling AI initiatives. AI spends have started shifting from point proof of 
concepts (POC) to scaled projects in select areas as well as in foundational data 
and infrastructure. 
As we enter calendar year '25 political and economic uncertainties persist. With 
a new government in the US and the possibility of policy changes, predicting 
spending trend with certainty is challenging. 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
We are optimistic about sustaining growth momentum into the fourth quarter 
supported by the deal ramp ups, reversal of most furloughs and continued 
strength in the BFSI vertical; however, it could be impacted by short-term 
headwinds on account of AI-driven productivity. While we expect to improve 
margins in Q4, absorbing the full impact of wage hikes may take a bit longer 
in the current growth environment. 
With that, let me now open up the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take the first 
question from the line of Abhishek Pathak from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
I had a couple of questions, DC. Firstly, on the composition of deals, have you 
started seeing short cycle deals coming in more aggressively in this quarter? A 
lot of your peers have indicated that discretionary spends are coming back or 
at least are partly coming back more strongly than earlier expected and 
considering LTIMindtree has a heritage of transformation and what you would 
call discretionary deals, are we seeing more of that as well? And the second 
thing was I guess the margins were a positive surprise this quarter despite a 3% 
headcount addition and the productivity gains that you passed. And now that 
utilization levels are at 85%, how should we model margins going forward,  
will you be comfortable at this utilization level or should we expect this to dip 
further, and for FY'26 then, considering once the productivity benefits are 
absorbed, how do you expect margins to play out? 
Debashis Chatterjee: So, basically, you asked three questions, right? 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Yes, one on the deal composition, the second on comfortable level of 
utilization and likewise the margin outlook because of that. 
Debashis Chatterjee: So, let me start with the composition of deals. As you see the order intake for 
this particular quarter has been quite substantial, very positive and there is a 
portion of renewals in that but bulk of the orders are more cost take out and 
productivity and vendor consolidation related. Now having said that, there are 
pockets in which the short cycle deals are back. When I say short cycle deals, 
we can call it discretionary but more in terms of the regulatory space especially 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
in BFSI. So, those are back, but it's also a reflection of the portfolio of clients 
that we have. So, given our portfolio of clients, I don't think it's fair to say that 
it's kind of back across all the industry in a uniform way, but definitely in BFS 
we can see some traction and we are hoping that it should come back over a 
period of time. So, that kind of gives you a view of what's happening with 
respect to the deals.  
Second thing, in terms of utilization, we had very clearly called out that we 
have to lower the utilization, keeping in mind that there is a build up with 
respect to deals and now that we have won those deals, I think the utilization 
may inch up a little further in Q4, keeping in mind that the people that we have 
got on bench right now they can be deployed easily. You can probably see the 
utilization inch up a little further, which will also have some positive impact in 
terms of margin as we go along in Q4. Now, as far as FY'26 is concerned, 
specifically, it is a little too early to call out, but if you have heard our 
commentary before, our intention is to have a profitable growth which means 
that margin is very important for us. So, though margin is a factor of growth 
and probably we will be able to take the margin up if we do see a double-digit 
growth coming back in FY'26, but it will be always our endeavor to take the 
margin up slowly based on the framework that we have already put in place. 
Vipul, do you want to add anything? 
Vipul Chandra: 
I think you covered the points. So, even the comment that you made, Abhishek, 
about this quarter, the margin is seeing a surprise. I think part of the reason for 
that, as we had called out in the earlier earnings call and the investor day 
commentary as well that we are looking at employing other margin levers also 
in terms of cost optimizations and pyramid optimizations, etc., and those 
efforts are ongoing, and that's where we continue to work on. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
On the Hi-Tech top line, should we expect 4Q to be the bottom there or do we 
expect that to spill over to FY'26? 
Debashis Chatterjee: The productivity gain that we pass to the client and especially the top client, I 
think that will at least one more quarter we have to bear that before it stabilizes. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
A couple of questions. Going back to the Hi-Tech client where you passed on 
the productivity gain, DC, I am just curious it seems a little counterintuitive, 
we're talking about an upcycle and you guys obviously are very thick partners 
with that hyperscaler as well. So, why this sharp cut right now and was there 
any volume compensation promised for this productivity gain for future? 
Nachiket Deshpande: So, if you look at the commentary made by our top client, they are significantly 
increasing their investments around AI, creating infrastructure all around the 
world and there is a significant CAPEX that has been announced by them over 
the last one to two quarters. So, as they are looking at rebalancing some of that 
investment. There is an expectation of harvesting that from ongoing operations. 
And also I think to be honest, it is also proof of the pudding, right. Some of 
these AI-related efficiencies that we are jointly advocating to our clients, we 
got to also demonstrate that in the work that we deliver. And that's really what 
is driving that productivity expectation in this particular situation. It's a demand 
problem that they are seeing, but it is more about one demonstrating that the 
efficiencies are getting generated and we are able to do that within our own 
environment and then continue to reinvest that into the AI-related investments. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Nachiket, it doesn't bode very well because that would mean that the same 
thing now will be offered to the clients of the client, right, hyperscaler am I 
understanding it correctly? 
Nachiket Deshpande: So, we are already seeing that. We are able to infuse AI in delivering higher 
levels of productivity than we could in the past and that is becoming a key 
differentiator for us to win some of these vendor consolidation and cost take 
out deals. So, that's an expectation from client all around and that's been a focus 
area for us in the last six months. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
On the other note, the deal wins are so impressive, especially in the 3rd Quarter 
when usually deal signings are not that good, but still you sound a little more 
cautious compared to all the other companies who have reported so far. Is it 
just the Hi-Tech impact or you worry about some other customer issues as 
well? 
Debashis Chatterjee: I don't know what you mean by cautious, but as far as we are concerned, I think 
we are very clear that the momentum that we have generated in the last two 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
quarters and the growth momentum into this quarter will continue in the next 
quarter. So, that's number one. The other thing is the order inflow that we have 
and whatever we have in terms of pipeline as we go along, that also gives us 
the confidence to say that FY'26 will definitely be better than FY'25. So, that's 
the confidence we have now. Calling out specifics is a little difficult because 
the clients are still going through budgeting sessions and we are kind of 
working with them and as Nachiket rightly called out, I mean, there is a 
pressure in terms of doing more for less. That's why there are consolidation 
initiatives that we are working on. And we have been very well placed in those 
initiatives because of our understanding of where we can make a difference in 
terms of everything. 
Moderator: 
We will take a next question from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
I've got a couple of questions. DC, first is the productivity benefit that you 
passed on to the large client. When did that happen and what is the duration of 
residual impact in the fourth quarter from it? 
Debashis Chatterjee: The entire theme of doing more with less and the productivity benefits that we 
are talking about, I think you can probably say at least two months within this 
quarter, and which will also extend into the next quarter. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
So, obviously there'll be some impact on profitability. So, what are the 
measures to recoup some of the hit to profitability from this productivity reset, 
and by when would you be able to, let's say, recoup the losses or to margins 
from here? 
Debashis Chatterjee: I think when you talk about profitability, I don't think the specific productivity 
benefit that we have passed out is really playing a role in profitability. As Vipul 
commented in his commentary, we did consciously decide to do the wage hike 
because I think it was very important for us to do that. We had a few less 
working days and also there was a huge Forex impact. So, those were the 
factors. But in terms of overall profitability where we are, it can only go higher 
from this point as we enter into the next quarter. 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
Nachiket Deshpande: Where we are passing on the productivity benefit, we are actually generating 
those benefits and passing on. That's why it is relatively margin-neutral. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
So, it's not a pricing reset which is going through to your margins from that 
large account? 
Nachiket Deshpande: No. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
The other question, for you DC and Nachiket, is that let's say in FY'26, 
discretionary does not recover and your business portfolio continues to be cost 
take out heavy. With that assumption, where do you think will end up on 
margins? 
Debashis Chatterjee: Well, I think that's an assumption. I have not seen in this industry, discretionary 
at an all time low for almost two years. So, I think that is something that will 
probably be changing. And as I said, it's not that discretionary is not back. We 
are doing a lot of regulatory related work in BFS, which will continue into the 
next year as well. When I say next year, next fiscal. So, I think the margin 
trajectory will continue. We will always try to focus how to improve the 
margin, and the levers are all known to us, whether it is pyramid or whether it 
is utilization. So, I don't think there is any worry on that front, but yes, if I can 
get a double-digit growth back in FY26 with the discretionary coming back, 
then it will be even more positive on the margin side. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Right. You see, in the past, whenever you used to give wage increases, you 
would recoup the impact of wage revisions into the subsequent quarter. I mean, 
does that still hold true or life has changed? 
Debashis Chatterjee: Absolutely. It holds good and normally takes 2 to 3 quarters. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Just a final question, a couple of questions for Vipul. Vipul, first is that what 
is the rate at which you have your $3.8 billion of hedges. And second is that 
where do you think the depreciation charge stabilizes, is the capitalization of 
most of the facility over? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So, on the first question, Kawaljeet, I don't think we talk about the specific 
rates at the hedges. We do follow a systematic hedge program. And we build 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
up the hedges over a period of time as we go along. So, it's a systematically 
taken up hedge program which continues. So, it's not a one time hedge where 
you can specify a rate because every quarter the rates keep changing, the 
average rates keep changing. I think our track record in terms of our hedging 
program which I am sure you must be tracking and it does show its efficacy 
over the last multiple years now.  
Coming to the second point about the depreciation, I think our investments in 
our office spaces and building up further capacity as we have been calling out, 
we have been investing into our business and some of those investments are 
still continuing. Some of our office buildings are still under construction. So, 
we will see some more additions to the capital stock. And consequently, maybe 
a bit higher depreciation. But at the same time, as the buildings get 
commissioned and we get into our own buildings, some of the lease rentals 
also may see some rationalization. So, I think suffice it to say that in answer to 
your question, the depreciation has not yet come to a stable state. It will 
probably go up a bit more before stabilizing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Vibhor Singhal 
from Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Thanks for taking my question and congrats to the team for very solid deal 
wins in the quarter. DC, my question was on the manufacturing and the Retail 
vertical. In the manufacturing vertical, we have reached back the $200 million 
to $220 million quarterly run rate after almost 3 to 4 quarters. So, I mean very 
solid growth in this quarter, but I think from overall market participants we're 
hearing a lot of negative commentary regarding the auto segment while the ex-
auto remains quite decent. What are our clients talking about it? How is our 
portfolio aligned towards that? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
So, on manufacturing, just to call out a couple of things. Firstly, we signed our 
largest ever deal win last quarter in manufacturing. And even in this quarter, 
we have actually had a couple of good large deal wins in the manufacturing 
sector, which are about $50 million in size. So, that's sort of contributing to us 
having a good order book in manufacturing and the pipeline being there. I think 
our exposure to the auto vertical in manufacturing is relatively low. We do a 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
lot of work with industrial manufacturing clients. So, I think for us, we see that 
there is continuing sort of good pipeline there and continuing momentum. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Given the deal wins that you mentioned in this vertical in this quarter, can we 
expect the growth momentum in this vertical to continue in the coming 
quarters? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
So, there is an element of some pass-through in this quarter, but if you look at 
it from a year-on-year perspective, you'll see good growth. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
I will just pick your brains on the Retail vertical as well. I think in this quarter, 
we have seen some of your peers talk about Retail vertical bottoming out. 
Another peer reported quite good growth in that again. So, any color on that, 
what have we seen? Of course, we clubbed CPG, Retail and Pharma. So, you 
might want to break that down. But overall, the vertical, what is the kind of 
traction that we're looking at? And if you think it has bottomed out for us? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Yes, for us, it's primarily consumer goods and Pharmaceutical and there's some 
exposure in retail, but quite small. And there we are seeing more or less a stable 
sort of demand environment. There are some deals in the pipeline, but I would 
say it's more stable. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
 Just one quick last question for Vipul, if I may. Vipul, we have seen another 
round of headcount addition in this quarter, and that headcount addition has 
been quite good over the past two to three quarters, along with the lines that 
you had mentioned earlier that we would be adding this. So, when do you think 
the balance between incremental hiring utilization is going to play out in the 
margins. This quarter, of course, the wage hike impact was there. Can we 
expect the pyramid rationalization and the hiring to basically decelerate a bit 
over the next coming quarter and hence help us in our margins? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So, I think part of the answer you have called out yourself, that we have always 
called out that our comfortable range for utilization is 85% to 86%. We have 
reached those levels. So, from here on, the utilization and hiring will be a 
function of the market conditions and the demand environment that we see. So, 
it's not that we are actively looking to kind of target any other utilization levels. 
It's a question of how the demand plays out. As far as the pyramid correction 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
is concerned and the fresher intake is concerned, that is one of the levers that 
we have talked about. And we are continuing to focus on that. Again, it's a 
function of how the demand plays out and how we are able to kind of deploy 
the freshers after getting them trained up. But I think the fact that we are 
working on these margin levers, as I've covered just a little while back also, is 
visible even in terms of the margin impact in this quarter. And that is something 
which we will continue to work upon as we go along. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. And same thing with offshoring, I suppose. I think we would be 
comfortable with these levels, little scope to go beyond these numbers, I 
suppose? 
Vipul Chandra: 
Yes, I think onshore-offshore ratio is something which we monitor, but I think 
we are doing reasonably well on that parameter. Again, as the situation 
requires, we will continue to adjust. But it's, again, a function of the ongoing 
business demand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
The first question was with regards to the productivity benefits that you passed 
on to your top customer on the Hi-Tech side. I want to understand, do you 
envisage situation that something similar might happen with other customers 
as well. That's question number one. The second question was on your margins. 
So, in your Analyst Meet, you spoke about trying to essentially get margins to 
about 17%-18% over the medium term given the current margin profile and 
some of the operating levers and I would presume that through the course of 
the last 12 months you would have already seen some G&A consolidation 
gains. How should we be thinking about the bigger drivers for us to recover on 
margins? 
Debashis Chatterjee: Let me take the first question and request Vipul to take the margin question. 
So, Manik, in terms of when you talk about productivity benefits, the reason 
why we called out the top client is because it's a large client with a large 
revenue. But if you ask me, what is it that we are doing with respect to AI, if 
you have seen our strategy rollout, during the investor day, we clearly called 
out that we are doing AI in everything, which means that whatever we do for 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
our clients and ourselves, we want to infuse AI in everything that we do, which 
means that we are not waiting for clients to come back, but we want to go to 
our clients proactively and figure out how can they do more with less. Now 
with that approach even with existing portfolios, we have seen that clients are 
very excited. And whenever there's an opportunity to expand the portfolio 
beyond whatever we are doing, we have actually gained market share within 
that particular client. And even in consolidation initiatives, which is vendor 
consolidation, our strategy is working well. You know, it also kind of indicates 
that we have a good handle in terms of what kind of solutions we can propose 
to the client when it comes to AI in everything. So, we called out the top clients 
specifically because it's a substantial impact, but I don't think there is any 
substantial impact on any of the other clients, but as a theme, we are going to 
aggressively push AI in everything, which we hope that eventually it will be 
beneficial to us because we will be winning more market share in the process. 
Manik Taneja: 
So, does that mean in the near term, this could be diluted to our growth as other 
customers also look for some of these efficiency gains? 
Debashis Chatterjee: No, I don't think so. See, whatever we have called out for the near term, the 
only thing I would say that for the top client, we will have an impact in the next 
quarter as well. But I think we will see growth in the next quarter. As I said, 
the growth momentum will continue into Q4, so which means that there is 
enough growth out there in other opportunities which will nullify the slight 
impact that we will have at the top client. So, we are very confident that our 
strategy will work, and this strategy can actually be a differentiator for us as 
we go along. 
Vipul Chandra: 
So, coming to your second question on the margins front, I think in Quarter 2 
Earnings Call, we had already called out the impact of the wage hike. And we 
had also talked about the fact that a wage hike impact cannot be recovered in 
one quarter. While we have been working on our cost optimization and other 
margin levers, and that's why the full impact of the wage hike is not visible in 
the margins. It's lesser than that. But it will take, as DC had said a little while 
back maybe a couple of more quarters or 2-3 quarters to recover back fully. 
We had also spoken about in the investor day interactions that one of the 
biggest levers for margin to be recovered, is growth. And as long as the growth 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
is in single digits, the other levers, the pace at which they work versus the 
growth lever, their pace is different. And to that extent, if the growth comes 
back in double digit, then of course the journey towards margin recovery and 
going beyond gets faster. Otherwise, it's a bit of a slow grind in operational 
levers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Sandeep Shah from 
Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
DC, if I look at our growth within the top 10 for the last two, three quarters, 
has been slightly volatile. So, you explain that most of the growth has been 
coming through your top 10 clients. So, to explain very well on the Hi-Tech 
account, is there any other large top 10 client specific issues which makes us 
slightly cautiously optimistic? 
Debashis Chatterjee: The answer is no. I don't think, and even if you look at the top 10, it has 
remained fairly stable, which means that within my top 10, the other accounts 
have grown. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And also in terms of AI related productivity, you are saying the theme which 
is growing is more with less. So, in that scenario, one can assume that in the 
near term, there could be more benefits to be passed on, which may lead to an 
increase in the volume starting at FY26. 
Nachiket Deshpande: I think you're right. You answered the question. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just on insurance, if I am not wrong, we work with some of the US logos, 
which also has exposure in terms of California fire. So, any client-specific issue 
you foresee or it's too early to make this judgment? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Too early. Right now it's too early. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala 
from IIFL Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Just a couple of questions. One, your deal number has been reasonably strong 
at that $1.68 billion. But you haven't really called out any like $100 or $200 
million kind of deals in that. I just wanted to understand if you can give some 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
more color in terms of the mix of this order inflow, split between maybe 
qualitatively split between discretionary versus cost takeout and new versus 
renewal? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
So, I think if we look at the $1.7 billion, almost $1.7 billion worth of order 
intake and you see the makeup of that, there is a significant amount that has 
come from new large deal wins. If you remember, even in our investor meet, 
we talked about a good large deal pipeline with deals in the final stages. We 
also spoke about us being on the right side of several vendor consolidation 
deals that were underway. So, those were the two major contributors, along 
with the renewals. So, Q3 is our renewals quarter, especially in the BFSI 
vertical. And we saw strong renewals. And again, strong renewals is also a 
good sign that we continue to maintain the base of clients and we will seek to 
grow them further during the year. A majority of this renewal is longer term 
deals as evidenced by both renewals as well as the large deal makeup of this. 
We are yet to see discretionary comeback in a secular fashion. There are 
projects in certain verticals that are there, but this order intake is essentially a 
combination of deal wins, vendor consolidation, and renewals. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: And just very quickly, for this quarter at 1.8%, the two headwinds that we saw, 
one was with the top Hi-Tech client and the other one on the furloughs. 
Furloughs are going to get reversed in 4Q and the impact of the Hi-Tech client 
is going to reduce. So, I just wanted to understand, I mean, is it possible to 
quantify say what the growth in this quarter would be ex of that client's issue 
and can we at least get that kind of growth in 4Q as well? 
Debashis Chatterjee: I think we don't want to quantify, but we can only say that we are very confident 
about the momentum continuing into Q4 as far as growth is concerned, keeping 
in mind that some of the issues that we will have with the top client. I mean, 
please remember, as I said some time back, the top client impact was probably 
for not the full quarter in Q3. But we will have a full quarter impact in Q4, but 
the furloughs will be back, may not be fully, but they will be coming back. And 
I think the number of working days also will be less in Q4. So, keeping all 
these things in mind, all these headwinds, we are still confident that we will 
continue the growth momentum. 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Ravi Menon from 
Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Despite this productivity improvement given to you, Hi-Tech customer, your 
top five revenue is still just barely down 0.7% quarter-on-quarter. So, does that 
mean other clients grew despite furloughs and all that? 
Debashis Chatterjee: Yes. 
Ravi Menon: 
So, we have seen, I would say, consistent growth across most of the other client 
base. So, are we seeing a broad base pick up across except for this one client? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So, even on this client, if you compare year-on-year, there is still growth. So, 
for this quarter, our productivity pass-back has happened, that's the reason why 
we are calling out, because it's a noticeable number to not talk about. 
Otherwise, I would say that the growth is there. 
Ravi Menon: 
Is this related to a certain revenue size milestone being hit or is this like a 
contract renewal process every four years or something like that? How should 
we think about this? 
Debashis Chatterjee: I think Nachiket has articulated it very well that when we talk about AI, the top 
client is pretty much in the forefront of AI, and along with the top client, we 
are actually working with many other clients in terms of how do you really do 
the AI in everything. And when it comes to the top client, we need to also do 
the same thing. So, I think you need to look at it from that perspective that 
when you say AI in everything, it will be in our own environment, in our top 
client, as well as all the other clients that we work with. So, just that the top 
client has a huge revenue and there is some impact. That's why it's worth 
mentioning. But otherwise, I don't think there is anything that we are concerned 
about. As we said, that even on a Y-o-Y basis, the top client has still grown. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much. And one last question on the impact of pass-through on the 
margins. Could you quantify that this quarter? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So, I think, as you're aware that pass-throughs in the past has been a regular 
phenomenon. I think over a period of time, the pass-through revenues have 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
become a part of the overall revenue makeup of the company. And the impact 
is also now pretty much factored in into the quarter-on-quarter movements. So, 
I think it's not, and we don't really call out the impact individually for pass 
through and services and everything. I would just say that it's a regular part of 
the business revenue now and it's continuing in the same way. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM 
Financial, please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Again, sorry to harp on the productivity pass back. We have heard of 20%, 
25% productivity coming through AI, especially in product development. So, 
in that context, just 5% decline sequentially in your Hi-Tech vertical seems 
small. So, does that mean either we were able to offset some of that pass 
through or it is just the beginning of sharing some of the productivity gains. It 
might have started in one section of the relationship. And it can continue 
because even we have discussed earlier the productivity gains are significantly 
higher than what we are seeing right now in terms of decline. 
Nachiket Deshpande: So, I think all of the above in a way. So, number one, I think the productivity 
benefits in different parts of the services within the top client also have 
different characteristics, right? So, hence you will not be able to apply one 
number. It's not just one service, but a variety of things that we do in our 
engagement. Second, we have been also gradually working on it. So, it is 
beginning and as DC said, in Q4, we will see a full quarter impact of what we 
are passing-through for this particular customer as well. And as I think we 
talked about the philosophy of more for less, it is also getting compensated by 
growth in the adjacent areas where we are passing on productivity. So, it's a 
combination of all of these three is why you see a different impact versus what 
would be the productivity deals that are being passed on. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure, maybe just to follow up. So, do we expect growth in FY26 over FY25, 
especially in this account or in Hi-Tech vertical, given the continuation of 
productivity pass back? 
Nachiket Deshpande: Yes, I think on a full year basis in FY26, we will surely see the momentum. 
But as I think DC called out, it's too soon. Budgets are still getting finalized. 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
So, I don't think we are in a position to sort of confidently say that, but the 
indications are that I will continue to see the momentum. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
So, one last question on Europe. We saw decline. I am not sure how much it 
declined in constant currency, but any color on what is leading to drag in 
Europe? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
In CC terms, Europe grew 0.7% sequentially. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Rohan Nagpal from 
Helios Capital India. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Nagpal: 
So, just, sorry, this is on the productivity pass through again. So, since we're at 
a stage where we are generating the productivity gains internally and then 
passing them on, there has to be a fairly objective way of measuring the kind 
of productivity gains that we have seen because there is a contract that 
determines payment. So, could you just provide, I mean while you don't want 
to get into specifics in terms of exactly how much productivity gain you are 
seeing, but could you provide some color on the areas or directionally what 
sort of quantum of productivity gains you are seeing? 
Debashis Chatterjee: No, we may not be able to call out specific quantum, but I think it is fair to say 
that if you follow our strategy at an overall level, we have been calling it out 
well ahead of time that we know that when you talk about AI, there has been a 
lot of conversations about how does AI reflect in terms of productivity and will 
it cannibalize some revenues in specific areas. And we have been proactive in 
terms of understanding that and launching our overall strategy, which is AI in 
everything. knowing very well that if we do that, in the short term, maybe there 
could be certain benefits you need to pass on to the clients, but in the medium 
to long term, that will only benefit us to get more market share for the client. 
For example, we have, just the only thing I can call out is that the top client, 
we have been working with co-pilot adoption. We are leveraging co-pilot very 
aggressively which by inherent, by using copilot inherently, you get a 
significant productivity gain. Now, if you imagine the volume that we support 
and for that volume, if we leverage copilot, that's a significant volume, that's a 
significant number. So, it is not a copilot is just one example in case of the top 
client, but there are other levers as well and as Nachiket articulated, there are 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
multiple areas within the same client in which you work, and the approach is 
very different in different areas. But overall, we are very confident, and I think 
we are actually ahead in terms of understanding the need to look at this 
productivity benefit so that in the long run, it will only be beneficial to us. 
Rohan Nagpal: 
I just have a follow-up over here. So, if there is AI in everything, we just expect 
like productivity benefits that could have a material impact in the relationship 
with our top client to effectively diffuse through our entire client base and 
every workstream? Is that right? 
Debashis Chatterjee: No, I think let me take a step back and explain to you. When you say AI in 
everything, it is not just top client. It's pretty much across the entire client base. 
In fact, we have launched an initiative where almost 60 out of the top clients, 
we are doing something or the other in the form of AI. Now, typically, there 
are deals which we have won, and I think some of them we announced earlier, 
where we would not have won that vendor consolidation unless we had 
committed to AI productivity gain. So, which means that even in situations 
which is a new deal, unless you have a very clear strategy in terms of how you 
can solution the productivity gain for the client, we may not be able to win that 
deal. So, the way to look at it is that we know very well that for our existing 
client base, in some areas we may be cannibalizing, but at the same time, we 
are very confident that with our approach, when it is appreciated, we will 
actually be able to expand in the same client. That's the way we are looking at 
it. And that's why, in spite of all the headwinds, in spite of some of the things 
that we talked about, the Forex, the lesser number of working days, 
productivity gains, passing onto the top client, still we are confident that our 
growth momentum, which we have developed over the last two quarters into 
Q3. We will also continue into Q4. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. On behalf of 
LTIMindtree, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 

 
Q3FY25 Earnings call 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Safe Harbour 
Certain statements in this release concerning the future prospects are forward-looking statements. 
These statements, by their nature, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results 
to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to 
revise or update any forward-looking statements that may be made from time to time by or on 
behalf of the Company. 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes)  
Contact Information  
Investor Relations:  
Vikas Jadhav, Head of Investor Relations  
Email: Vikas.Jadhav2@ltimindtree.com@ltimindtree.com  
 
