 
 
 
10th February 2025 
 
To: 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (Scrip Code: FSL)  
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited (Scrip Code: 
532809)  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Analysts Earnings call conducted after the meeting of Board 
of Directors on 7th February 2025 
 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Analysts earnings call conducted on 7th 
February 2025, after the meeting of Board of Directors held on 7th February 2025, for 
your information and records. 
 
This 
information 
is 
also 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
The audio/video recordings of the Analysts earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s website, at https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Nambiar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
POOJA SURESH 
NAMBIAR
Digitally signed 
by POOJA 
SURESH NAMBIAR

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“FIRSTSOURCE SOLUTIONS LIMITED  
Q3FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL” 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RITESH IDNANI, 
MD & CEO 
MR. DINESH JAIN 
CFO 
MR. PANKAJ KAPOOR 
HEAD STRATEGY, IR & ESG 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Firstsource Solutions Limited 
Q3FY25 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
On this call, we have Mr. Ritesh Idnani - MD & CEO; Mr. Dinesh Jain – CFO; Mr. Pankaj 
Kapoor - Head of Strategy, Investor Relations and ESG to provide an overview on the 
Company’s performance followed by Q&A.  
 
Please note that some of the matters that will be discussed on this call, including the 
Company’s business outlook are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and 
unknown risks. These uncertainties and risks are included but not limited to what the 
Company has mentioned in its prospectus filed with SEBI and the subsequent Annual 
Report that are available on its website. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Hello, everybody. Thank you for joining us to discuss our Financial Results for the third 
Quarter of FY25.  
 
Before I start with the discussion on our quarter performance, I would like to thank each 
one of our 34,144 Firstsourcers around the world whose passion and commitment to 
consistently deliver value to clients helped us report yet another strong quarter.  
1. 
Q3 Results 
 
Our revenue grew by 32% YoY and came in at Rs. 21 billion. In U.S. dollar terms, the 
growth was 30% YoY and 8.4% QoQ at US$ 249 million. In constant currency, revenue 
grew 7.6% QoQ. This is the fifth straight quarter where we have delivered over 3% QoQ 
constant currency revenue growth. EBIT margin for the quarter was 11.1%. This is 
broadly stable both on a QoQ and YoY basis. Our net profit was INR 1.6billion and the 
diluted EPS was INR 2.27 for the quarter. 
 
2. 
Deal wins 
 
In Q3, we signed three large deals. As you are aware, we consider a deal with ACV of 
over 5 million as a large deal. This is the third straight quarter of at-least three large 
deal wins and despite that, our Q3 exit deal pipeline was among the highest ever. This 
gives us confidence in sustaining the accelerated momentum in deal wins in the coming 
quarters. I believe that the strength of our deal wins and pipelines reflects our success 
in leveraging our deep industry and functional expertise, our partnerships in the 
technology ecosystem, and our ability to proactively bring automation and AI into the 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
mix that is resonating well with our clients. I would also like to highlight that several of 
these deals, including those in the pipeline, are transformative in nature with a 
staggered ramp-up curve that is different from standard deals and hence will translate 
into reported revenue over an extended period.  
 
Let me highlight a few notable wins in Q3 
• 
We were selected by one of the top 10 healthcare payers in North America, an 
existing customer, to process their entire claims operations. 
• 
One of the top three consumer tech companies in North America also selected us 
for providing GenAI services. As part of the deal, we will be helping in developing 
and evaluating content across multiple different domains and validating and 
optimizing their GenAI model. 
• 
We also expanded our business with one of the largest utility companies in the UK, 
another existing client with additional business across their customer support and 
collections operations.  
 
During the quarter, we also added 13 new logos, including five strategic logos. We 
defined a strategic logo as one where we see the potential of at-least US$5 million of 
annual revenue.  
3. 
Vertical Commentary 
a. 
Banking and Financial Services 
In Q3FY25, our BFS vertical was up 1.6% QoQ and 8% YoY in constant currency 
terms. We added seven new logos in this vertical in Q3. As I have highlighted earlier, 
we have invested over the last few quarters in strengthening our sales and solutions 
team in this vertical, particularly in North America, to broad base our presence in 
existing clients and expand our footprint into adjacent segments. We are now taking a 
much wider and integrated capability portfolio to clients and prospects, which is visible 
both in our sequentially improving revenue trajectory over the last three quarters and 
buildup in our deal pipeline. 
 
b. 
Healthcare 
Q3FY25 was expectedly a modest quarter. Our revenues were flat quarter-on-quarter, 
they were up 31% year-on-year in constant currency terms. We added five new logos 
in the vertical. You may recall we highlighted a temporary softness in the payer segment 
due to the typical slowdown in deal decision making ahead of the open enrollment 
period and the impending US presidential elections in our last earnings call. Deal 
conversations have resumed actively over the last few weeks, and we expect closures 
on several of these deals in Q4.  
c. 
Communications, Media and Technology (CMT) 
 
We saw a 3% QoQ and 14% YoY growth in this vertical in constant currency terms. We 
added one new logo in Q3. This has been one of our fastest growing verticals driven by 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
expansion amongst marquee consumer tech logos with both traditional and non-
traditional service propositions. During Q3, we added one of the largest consumer tech 
companies as a client for our AI services through a large deal. We now work with four 
of the top five consumer tech companies in the US. Overall, we see a healthy deal 
pipeline in this vertical that is well diversified across traditional media and 
communication players as well as new age tech companies. 
d. 
Diverse 
Our diverse portfolio grew 80% QoQ and 193% YoY in constant currency terms due to 
the full quarter impact of the Ascensos acquisition. We see a healthy deal pipeline in 
this portfolio in both the retail and utilities verticals which should translate into a broad-
based growth in the coming quarters. 
 
4. 
Geographical Commentary 
 
In Q3, growth was well distributed with North America growing at 1.3% QoQ and 28% 
YoY in constant currency terms and Europe at about 22% QoQ and 28% YoY. We 
expect growth to remain broad-based across our three core verticals in North America. 
In the UK, companies are facing significant cost pressure that has led to clients 
increasingly exploring offshore or nearshore delivery options. We are seeing strong 
interest from clients to leverage our expanded nearshore capabilities in South Africa 
and Romania, with two of our existing large clients signing up in Q3. We are also seeing 
increased conversations around carve-out sales, leading to a significant build-up in our 
deal pipeline in Europe. During Q3, we also started execution on our deals with a telco 
major in Australia. We continue to see a strong deal pipeline in Australia and are 
optimistic on the growth in this region. 
 
5. 
People 
On the people's front, we added 1,246 net hires in Q3, ending with a total headcount of 
34,144 firstsourcers. We have now added a total of 6,204 hires in the first nine months 
of FY25, compared to 2,929 during the same period last year. This robust hiring 
underscores our ability to meet business demands while maintaining a strong talent 
pipeline. Our trailing 12-month attrition rate inched up marginally to 31.4% from 30.6% 
reported in the last quarter. During Q3FY25, we launched an enterprise-wide initiative 
to enhance skills on the GenAI and digital transformation side, where to date, 
employees have completed close to 150,000 learning hours. I also take pride in sharing 
that Firstsource continues to thrive as a diverse and inclusive workplace, with women 
comprising 46% of our workforce.  
 
6. 
Awards/recognitions and sustainability 
I am happy to share that Firstsource continues to be positively recognized by leading 
analysts for bringing significant value to clients and offering innovative technology 
solutions in our focus markets. During Q3, Avasant rated Firstsource as one of the top 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
5 leaders amongst 15 top tier providers offering Mortgage Business Process 
Transformation services. ISG recognized us amongst 'The Booming 15' based on the 
annual value of commercial contracts awarded in the past 12 months. I am also proud 
to report that Firstsource achieved an ESG score of 81 by S&P Global that puts us in 
the top 99th percentile of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index of 2024 and amongst the 
top five in our peer group that includes both Indian and global IT and ITES services 
companies. 
 
7. 
AccunAI  
 
Today, we have also announced a small tuck-in acquisition of a firm called AccunAI. 
Dinesh will provide you the financial details of the same. AccunAI is a Jaipur-based 
startup that is doing excellent work in the areas of AI development services. Their AI 
data engine has technology companies build and evaluate their AI models. We have 
been partnering with them for the past few months and decided to bring the platform in-
house. We believe this improves our competitive positioning in the fast-growing market.  
 
I will now turn over the call to Dinesh to give a detailed colour on the quarterly financials 
and related matters. I will come back to talk about our progress on the strategic priorities 
and the outlook for FY25. 
8. 
Financial Performance 
Dinesh Jain: 
Thank you, Ritesh, and hello everyone. Let me start by taking you through our quarterly 
financials. Revenue for Q3FY25 came in at Rs. 21,024million or US$ 249 million. This 
implies a YoY growth of 32% in rupee terms and 30% in US$ terms. In constant 
currency, this translates to a YoY growth of 28%. This is the highest growth YoY in 
terms of constant currency in the last 14 quarters. Our constant currency revenue 
growth over the nine-month period for FY25 is 22%. 
 
Our operating profit was Rs. 2,333 million, up 37% over Q3 of last year, and translates 
to EBIT margin of 11.1%, same as normalized margin in Q2. We continue to keep our 
reported margin in a narrow band despite continued investment in our businesses. Our 
normalized margin in nine months for FY25 is also 11.1%, which is within our guided 
band for FY25.  
 
Profit after tax came in at Rs. 1,603 million or 7.6% of the revenue for the quarter, 
implying a 16% QoQ and 25% YoY growth. 
Our Q3 reported profit includes a net one-time gain of Rs. 88 million. This includes a 
writeback of Rs. 651 million for adjustment on contingent consideration payable for 
earlier acquisitions. While our combination is working well and the businesses are 
meeting their financial targets, the earn out was also linked to certain non-revenue or 
profit target which are unlikely to be met, hence this write-back. We also taken a charge 
of Rs. 284 million for change in estimate useful life of intangible assets from earlier 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
acquisitions, and a one-time cost for a potential credit loss of Rs. 130 million with 
respect to certain customer contracts, and a special bonus provision of Rs. 150 million 
has been also done. 
 
Other financial highlights 
 
The tax rate was 20% for the quarter. For nine months also, we are about 20%, which 
is in line with our earlier guidance. 
 
Reported DSO was slightly higher at 67 days in Q3, which is normally the soft collection 
quarter, especially in the US, versus 65 days in the Q2. We expect it to normalized by 
Q4. 
 
We had a strong cash conversion in this quarter. Our FCF to PAT was 159% in Q3 and 
78% for 9MFY25. Our cash balance, including investment, stood at Rs. 2.5 billion and 
our net debt was Rs. 10.2 billion at the end of Q3.  
 
We continue to invest in expanding our execution infrastructure. In Q3, we have added 
new seat capacities in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai, and the UK. 
 
Our hedge book as of 31st December was as follows: We had coverage of GBP 74.9 
million for the next 12 months, with an average rate ranging from Rs. 106 to Rs. 114 
per pound, and coverage of US$168 million, within a range of Rs. 85.5 to Rs. 88.5 to 
the dollar.  
 
As Ritesh mentioned earlier, we announced a small tuck-in capability acquisition today. 
We have acquired a 100% stake in AccunAI, a provider of AI development services 
based out of Jaipur, India. It is a startup which is also a vendor to Firstsource for AI 
development services and crowdsourcing. We liked their capabilities and decided to 
bring them in-house for a total purchase consideration of Rs. 80 million, and this was a 
100% acquisition. 
 
I am also pleased to share that the Board has declared an interim dividend of Rs. 4 per 
share. 
 
This is all from my side. I will hand over back to Ritesh to talk about our strategic 
priorities and outlook.  
9. 
Strategic priorities and outlook 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thanks, Dinesh. As you know, the One Firstsource framework has been our north star 
for the strategy refresh in the organization over the last five quarters. I am pleased with 
the progress we are making on each of the 7 themes we have defined as part of this 
playbook and our success so far in translating this progress into business outcomes.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Let me highlight a few client metrics. Over the last 12 months, our count of clients 
with over $1 million, $5 million, and $10 million revenues has gone up to 3, 3, and 1 
respectively. The share of revenues from our top five clients has come down to 29.2% 
versus 35.8%, and our top 10 clients to 43.5% from 52% in Q3 of last year. These are 
visible signs of the success of our initiatives to broad-base our revenues and build 
multiple growth engines. Our deal engine continues to do well; Q3 marked the third 
consecutive quarter where we clocked three large deal wins. Our improved growth 
momentum is helping us gain market share against the basket of our closest globally 
publicly traded peers based on trailing four quarters reported revenues. 
 
I have previously talked about our initiatives to reinvigorate our sales engines, our 
efforts to cross-sell or upsell our entire service portfolio, and how we are taking 
technology-led solutions to our clients. This quarter, I would like to share the progress 
we are making in expanding our capabilities and improving the visibility of Firstsource 
with analysts and prospects, both of which are critical to build resilient and durable 
business with industry-leading growth. 
 
Over the past five quarters, we have made a meaningful realignment of our capability 
portfolio. This includes both identifying adjacent spaces to expand, organically and 
inorganically, as well as reimagining the market-facing value proposition of our existing 
capabilities with an anchor of being ‘technology first’. Let me give you examples of each. 
We established our operations in Australia last year to expand our geographical 
footprint beyond the traditional markets of the US and the UK. We have seen early 
success; you will recall our multi-tower large deal win from one of the largest telco 
companies in Australia. We followed it up with a win from one of the largest healthcare 
insurers in Q3 and have a healthy deal pipeline in the region. We expanded our near-
shore delivery capabilities through the acquisition of Ascensos announced in 
September last year. It positions us very well with our clients and prospects, both in the 
UK and the US, who are actively exploring economical outsourcing capacities in the 
same time zone and adds the capability to offer multilingual support to several of our 
large global clients, especially those in the consumer tech space. Ascensos also 
enables us to jump-start our presence in retail, a strategically important and fast-
growing vertical. 
 
At a relatively smaller but strategically equally important scale, our latest acquisition of 
our AccunAI expands our capabilities for AI services, especially to our consumer tech 
clients. We have also done a refresh of our CX portfolio with components of AI tech-
enabled CX to drive a 10x improvement in both the customer experience and outcome 
delivery.  
 
In healthcare, we expanded our capabilities by building a BPaaS service line that 
combines our operational capabilities with technology and systems integration 
capabilities of our partner ecosystem to provide a comprehensive and a solid value 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
proposition to our payer clients. We have been able to build a strong deal pipeline in 
this area and are hopeful of meaningful conversions in the coming quarter.  
 
While we make improvements to our frontend and execution capabilities, it is equally 
important to consistently highlight these to industry analysts and our clients and 
prospects. We have been making significant investments in amplifying the Firstsource 
brand. To give you a perspective, we received 10 recognitions from five leading industry 
advisory firms for our market leadership in our chosen domain in CY24. This is twice of 
the five recognitions from three advisors we received in CY23. 
 
What is more, we are going beyond the traditional set and amplifying our value 
proposition through innovative channels. For example, we have set up an Advisory 
Board comprising of industry veterans across business units to leverage their collective 
knowledgebase and take their help to amplify the Firstsource brand across their access 
network.  
 
We also hosted our first-ever client event in the UK that saw close to 100 CXOs 
participating over two days. We are now gearing up for a similar event this month for 
our US-based clients.  
 
Overall, I am pleased with the progress we have made over the last four quarters in 
each of the areas we have identified for a strategy refresh. What I find more encouraging 
is the growing client recognition of our efforts that I see in our deal wins and pipeline.  
 
Business Outlook for FY25: 
 
We now expect our revenue to grow in the range of 21.8% to 22.3% in constant currency 
terms. For operating margins, we expect a normalized FY25 EBIT margin, excluding 
one-time charges related to the acquisitions, to be in the 11 to 11.5% band.  
 
This concludes with our opening remarks, and we can now open the floor for questions. 
Operator, over to you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press "*" and "1" on their touchstone telephone. If 
you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press "*" and "2". 
Participants are requested to please use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will now wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We 
have the first question from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to get your sense with regard to you made a 
remark that while you continue to win some of the larger deals, the ramp-up may not be 
in line with the way these deals have progressed in the past. It would be great to 
essentially understand in detail about that point.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
And the second question was for Dinesh. Some of these reversals as well as one-time 
costs that we have incurred in the current quarter, if you could dwell deeper into which 
acquisition does this impairment charge relate to? And similarly also talk about the 
special bonus that has been accounted for in the current quarter. Thank you.  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Manik. Let me just give you a flavor of some of the deal wins. So, if you go 
back in time, right, I think over the last five quarters, we have consistently had a series 
of large deal wins, and our pipeline has consistently trended upwards itself. The deal 
wins that we got in Q3FY24 and Q4FY24, some of them started to yield results, and 
you started to see that in the revenue numbers come with maybe a one, two quarter 
lag, depending upon the specific nature of those deals itself. Each of these deals is 
different. Sometimes it requires an upfront assessment and implementation. 
Sometimes it's a gradual ramp. Several of these deals have commercial models which 
are linked to the outcomes itself. So, they don't necessarily follow always a linear path.  
 
What we feel encouraged about is the momentum that we have with the large deal wins, 
and we think that it will follow a similar pattern to what's laid out for the deal wins that 
we saw in FY24 in the later part, second half, translating into the kind of momentum 
and growth that we saw in FY25. And some of the deal wins that we are seeing now, 
moving pretty much the same way going into FY26 as well.  
 
Dinesh, you want to take the second question? 
Dinesh Jain: 
Yes. So, Manik, this reversal which we are talking about, it pertains to the QBSS 
acquisition which we announced in the last quarter of FY24. And Board is happy with 
the performance and they are considering to give a special bonus this time to the 
employees across organization.  
Manik Taneja: 
And the impairment charges also relate to QBSS?  
Dinesh Jain: 
Impairment charges pertain to previous acquisition which we had done. So, it's not an 
impairment technically, its reassessing the intangible pertains to the customer contract 
and reassess every point of time. It's like reassessing a goodwill, and I think the 
reassessment is already three years before acquisition, so we felt that some of their 
customers have not been got, what has to be delivered. But I think overall, all the 
acquisitions are delivering better than what we have thought of originally, except the 
mortgage acquisition, which you all are aware that due to the industry level changes, 
this has undergone a slight change. Otherwise, all are performing better, including the 
ones where we are taking a reversal, I think businesses are delivering more than what 
we estimated as revenue. 
Manik Taneja: 
And the last one from my side, before I get back into the queue, we had in the past, we 
have been speaking about possibly targeting between 50 to 75 bps of annual margin 
expansion beyond the phase of investment that we have done over the last 12-18 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
months. Does that outlook still hold true for FY26? Is that how we should be thinking 
about? And also the expectation was that second half of FY25, we should start to see 
some of these margin gains play out. So, would be great if you could talk about that as 
well. Thank you.  
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, let me first state at the outset that we do expect the 50 to 75 basis points playing 
out in FY26. So, in line with what we have consistently stated. And, what you are also 
seeing is the fact that with the kind of momentum that we are experiencing in the 
marketplace and the growth that's there, some of the investments that we made, we 
had to continue to move forward some of the investments that we are seeing with the 
growth that is there, some of it is the cost of growth etc. as well. But if you also see 
pretty much over the last two quarters, you are seeing about a 5/10 bps improvement 
QoQ from a margin standpoint while we continue to make those investments itself.  
 
So, I think what you will see from us is, and I want to almost take a sneak peek into how 
we are thinking about potentially next year, we want to have industry-leading growth, 
but while we continue to expand margins as well, and I think that will be the storyline 
how we are thinking about the business going forward.  
Manik Taneja: 
And also, probably second half should, the pace of expansion should continue, even in 
second half.  
Ritesh Idnani: 
That's right.  
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you, and all the best.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions. First about the growth size, 
whether missing Ascensos, any seasonality because of the exposure to some of the 
vertical where December is usually strong quarter, because it is first time we integrated 
for the quarter, if you can view any seasonality playing out in this business?  
 
The second question is about the vertical wide. If you can help us understand 
healthcare, we earlier indicated about some softness and delay in decision making. Are 
we witnessing now healthcare is doing better and between payer, provider, how things 
are playing out for us? And same if you can provide some sense about BFS, particularly 
sub-segment level, if you can give some further detail about the demand outlook across 
various segment where we operate and how things are playing out.  
 
And the last question is about margin. Partly you answered, but if one want to 
understand usual collection business seasonality playing out, typically between Q3, Q4 
kind of thing, or do you think it can be a margin lever entering into Q4? Thank you.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Dipesh. Those were a lot of different questions but let me try and get to the 
verticals first and then I will come to the margin side. So, first and foremost, we are not 
splitting the revenue separately, but one of the things that you can see is that Ascensos, 
from a revenue standpoint, was there for the full quarter. What I can tell you is the 
revenue run rate in Q3 was similar to the previous quarter itself from Ascensos' 
standpoint. What you will also see is, as we are trying to build a business, given that we 
have a wide portfolio of businesses with presence across multiple verticals and multiple 
geographies, each of which has a different rhythm itself. So, there could be variations 
in quarterly performance depending on the trajectory in an individual vertical or 
geography itself. For example, we highlighted last quarter some of the pause in 
decision-making in the payer business ahead of the US presidential election. Some of 
those factors make it create temporary volatility itself. In Europe, given the current 
macroeconomic factors, we are seeing a significant interest in shifting work offshore. 
So, there are multiple factors that are influencing the kind of growth and what we are 
seeing in each industry vertical itself.  
 
So, at the outset, what I just want to give everybody comfort out here is we are trying to 
build a business that's resonant, which is on a consistent upward trajectory. And you 
will see our growth will continue to be at a band, which is at the top end of the industry 
growth rate and I think we have demonstrated that again in the quarter itself.  
 
Now, specific to the healthcare business itself, I want to just give you a few data points 
in terms of how we are thinking about the business itself, right? And I think it's just 
important to understand the healthcare business because the way we are approaching 
that vertical is interesting in a way. First and foremost, one of the things to bear in mind 
is that for us, one of the key guiding principles has been to have a balanced footprint 
between the payer and the provider side. And we think in terms of how we have built 
that business itself, that's one of the things that we have perhaps one of the best in the 
marketplace, that it's balanced between the payers and providers.  
 
Number two, within each segment, it is broad-based across customers so that there is 
no dependency on a few clients. We are not a two-trick pony or a three-trick pony or 
stuff like that, but it is broad-based across multiple clients itself.  
 
And number three, we are bringing tech and AI-induced capabilities to solve customer 
problems. That is what has fueled the growth that we have experienced in the 
healthcare vertical by over 31% YoY this year so far. And we have had multiple large 
deal wins in this space. We continue to see a very strong and healthy deal pipeline 
that's well distributed across clients. We talked about the introduction or modernizing of 
the offering that we had around the BPaaS side, and that's another area that we think 
is going to see some convergence in the quarters to come and those are some of the 
areas that we feel pretty good about from the Healthcare standpoint. Going to the 
financial services business itself, one of the things if you recall again, we wanted to try 
and see how we can minimize the dependence on the macro itself. So, while we can't 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
eliminate the impact of the macro, but as you can see, interest rates have continued to 
hold pretty high. The 30-year mortgage since the end of September has continued to 
rise up again. It's now holding close to 7%. If you look at the Fannie Mae data, about 
80% of the outstanding fixed rate mortgage loans are still at 5% or less from an interest 
rate standpoint. So, it's very clear that refi volumes are unlikely to come back very 
quickly, and anybody else who is selling you otherwise is probably smoking something 
else. But if you look at the new housing market, affordability continues to remain 
stretched. So, overall the macro environment continues to remain uncertain. So, what 
have we tried to do? We have tried to broad-based our portfolio, both in terms of the 
profile of our clients and the nature of the work that we do for them. They're consciously 
working to increase, for instance, the share of servicing in our portfolio, which had a 
higher indexation to the origination side. We have tried to cross-sell from our collection 
service line into other areas of the business, both on the asset and liability side of the 
P&L, and that's yielding results. We are adding more new logos and we have built out 
for instance, the financial services team in North America and that's yielding results. 
And you will see some of that again. It's probably also the reason why we have added 
several new logos in the financial services vertical as well. So, overall, I think from a 
vertical standpoint, we feel good about what we see right now across the growth and 
that's why you are seeing more broad-based growth across the industry verticals itself.  
So, just remind me the question on the margin side. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
So, typically on margin collection business, seasonality we used to see in the past, 
which helps your BFS business into this quarter. So, whether those kind of seasonality 
benefit also likely to play out? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
You know, this is one we continue to have a very strong and robust capability on the 
collection side of the house. And it's one of the reasons why I think our integrated 
capability across first party collections, third party collections, legal collections, all 
underpinned through a digital collections platform, which is AI and ML infuses yielding 
results and is allowing to win many logos in the marketplace, as well as expand our 
footprint in existing accounts. What I will say though is that, I mean, if you take the US 
market, the US consumer is continuously very resilient. So, you expect that with 
delinquencies having gone up and all those macro indicators that I am sure you are 
tracking far better than we are, there should be a bearing on the business itself, but it's 
interesting how some of these things don't necessarily play here. What we are trying to 
do therefore is to say, can we continue to expand our footprint in the collections 
business, can we continue to add new logos, and some of that is what is playing out 
and also contributing frankly to the growth that we're seeing also in the financial services 
vertical as well. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thank you. Dinesh just one question on cash generation. If I look 9 months, our EBITDA 
growth and OCF growth, OCF growth is far more muted compared to EBITDA growth. 
If you can help us understand puts and takes there. Thank you. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Dinesh Jain: 
I think it was the impact of the first quarter where DSO was very high. I think that was 
one of the reason. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Whether that impact will persist even for the full year or because that time you said it 
will reverse, but 9 months is still weaker, so you expect it to reverse in Q4 or that impact 
will be there in the full year? 
Dinesh Jain: 
No, I think it will get normalized in Q4.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
For the full year, OCF to EBITDA will be normalized kind of thing? 
Dinesh Jain: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on another solid quarter 
performance, Ritesh, to you and your team. Ritesh, my question was, I think you partly 
tried to answer that and I am sure we did this a lot on the overall impact that we are 
expecting of, let's say, the GenAI and of course the new versions that are coming up in 
the market in a very frequent manner. I think the initial understanding was that yes, a 
lot of the BPO transactions or work might be impacted because of the GenAI adoption, 
but our growth has definitely kind of outshone that and definitely I think it's proven that 
even in this business there are multiple things that we can do. How are you seeing the 
trajectory going forward? I mean, in terms of client conversations, are we able to 
basically get incremental more work like data centralization and all, which is helping us 
grow in that business? And do you believe that in some part of that cycle, maybe not in 
the next few quarters, maybe sometime, let's say, maybe over the next 1, 2, 3 years, 
there would be some cannibalization of revenue. Net-net, we might again go back and 
grow again in revenues, but do you see some cannibalization of revenue happening to 
our business or the industry business at some point of time. Any color on that is really 
helpful? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, thanks, Vibhor, for the question. You are right, the buzz over DeepSeek over the 
last 2 weeks, I think, crystallized for many people a few important trends that I think 
have been happening in plain sight. 
1. 
China is catching up to the US in the generative AI side with implications for the AI 
supply chain. 
2. 
Open-weight models are commoditizing the foundation model layer, which creates 
opportunities for application builders. And that's what creates in some sense, I think 
the competitive mode and a source of differentiation. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
3. 
And scaling isn't the only path to AI progress, so despite the massive focus and 
hype around processing power, I think what we're also seeing is that algorithmic 
innovations are rapidly pushing down trading costs.  
So, my sense is that if you think about this from a broader AI perspective, and then I 
will talk a little bit about DeepSeek itself specifically. AI is going to continue to blur the 
line between BPS and technology services itself and as in the case of any industrial 
revolution, we are in the early stages of adoption. What we are seeing today is that a 
human who leverages AI for their day-to-day work will replace a human who doesn't 
use AI. So, that's why for us, from our vantage point, making sure that our entire 
workforce is AI ready becomes extremely critical. We also think that some of the routine 
simple tasks, the lower end of BPS services will potentially get cannibalized, but new 
business opportunities as is the case with any technology revolution will be far bigger. 
We are already seeing that with data, AI, ML operations, analytics will be our new 
frontiers to expand our business using AI. And today, for instance, in fact, one of the 
reasons why we brought in the capability that AccunAI brought in-house is precisely 
because of this data is a lifeblood of artificial intelligence, but a lot of the data is 
unstructured, AI systems find it difficult to use that data straight off the bat. So, there is 
a big demand for services to provide enterprises with data that have been correctly 
annotated prime for training models itself. And today I think we're seeing significant 
growth with three of the top five consumer tech companies in the world for AI services. 
In Q3, we added a fourth logo to that list. What we are doing, Vibhor, is we are bringing 
consciously AI and automation in every solution. At our size and scale, what it allows 
us to do is to be the challenger to incumbents, and the combination of deep domain and 
technology contextualized to the domain, I think is allowing us to take, share, and win 
against the larger players. At the same time, if you just take the CX market as an 
example, a large part of that addressable market is still in-source. So, our view is that 
the percentage of outsourcing will go up there, but it will happen in a nonlinear fashion. 
And I think that creates an opportunity for deep domain tech players like us to lead and 
potentially grow at a faster pace. 
The last point I would also call is that we have been modernizing our existing platform, 
infusing them with AI. So, in the last earnings call, you might recall, I talked about how 
we have a digital collections platform where we have infused AI to drive hyper-
personalization with empathy first mindset. Last quarter, we also talked about an 
investment in building a mortgage domain-centric language model specific to the 
mortgage process. And this is the kind of stuff that is, I think, creating competitive 
differentiation and also allowing us to win in the market place. So, for instance, the 
language model that we have got specific to mortgages is actually reducing the cycle 
time related to pre-qualification formal loan applications. So, it's allowing us to use that 
combination of domain and tech to win against undifferentiated players at the smaller 
end of the spectrum and larger players who may be reluctant to move as quickly from 
an agility standpoint. Specific to the developments of the last two weeks, we take 
DeepSeek as an example. We are a services provider, we work with multiple technology 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
platforms and partners itself. We work with some of the closed models, we work with 
some of the open-source models as well. And I think there we are seeing a significant 
amount of traction. We're also doing a lot of interesting work now around the agentic AI 
side as well. So, we have got an inventory of use cases where we think the agentic AI 
capabilities can be brought to the forefront. Earlier this week, I was with a customer 
where we showcased which parts of the processes can be done using AI agents. Now 
that's the kind of thought leadership that I think is creating a difference also in the 
marketplace. Overall, we continue to be net positive with everything that's happening 
because we think we can move rapidly and nimbly and respond to the developments in 
the marketplace and have specific solutions which build up our domain. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. So, would it be also correct to say that the, if I look at the vertical wise, the 
verticals which are more B2C focused, like you mentioned consumer tech or the BFSI 
or even retail, these are the verticals which are probably ahead in the race of using the, 
I mean, trying to implement these solutions than the typical Manufacturing and the other 
Energy B2B segments from the industry knowledge that you would have, not just 
sticking to the process? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, let me just give you a flavor. Certainly, a lot of the consumer-facing industries, there 
are opportunities that are there, and it comes down to every individual customer and 
their level of maturity in that AI adoption curve itself. But if you think about two broad 
flavors of how we are playing that market:  
1. 
Number one, through the capabilities that we have from our crowdsourcing and the 
data engine, ingestion that we are able to do, we are able to support a lot of the 
consumer tech companies who have their own AI models and we are able to 
provide the necessary data that feeds into those models. So, that's one way to play 
it, what I will call is loosely the AI infrastructure side. 
2. 
The other is the AI for business, which is the application layer itself. And that's 
where you'll have different combinations of things that we are seeing. You might 
do examples of something maybe in healthcare or maybe the claims side of the 
house. And you say, hey, maybe some of this can be touchless, no human in the 
loop for certain parts of the value chain. You might be able to do something on the 
provider side around appointment scheduling. 
So, I think there is an inventory of use cases that we're working with and we're taking 
those propositions to the marketplace. Several of them either in the B2C or the B2B2C 
side, which are I think resonating deeply with our customers and prospects. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. And just lastly, it would be fair to say that we are well past the POC stage and 
many of the projects in this AI as well as agentic AI space are already revenue 
generating? 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, what I will say is almost everything that we are responding to today in the 
marketplace has AI embedded in it as a capability. Some of the deals that we are 
winning and the consistency with which we are winning these large deals is because 
we have AI embedded in the way we are going to reimagine the process and transform 
the operation for our customers. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Thanks for taking my questions. And wish you all the best. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Vibhor. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul from Dolat. Please go ahead. 
Rahul: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I think a similar question has been asked, but it would 
be good if you could help me out in terms of understanding a slight bit of seasonality for 
the Ascensos business, because it seems you are saying the run rate has remained 
similar, but if you look at some of the metrics, it suggests there is a far bit more traction. 
So, is there something more that we should calibrate from a seasonality point of view 
or it is more a uniform business from a sequential basis? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
No, I think look there has been some seasonal uplift in volume, but then there is also 
some of the business that was there in the UK itself which is more near shore etc. which 
kind of neutralized it, so I wouldn't read anything further into that which is why from our 
vantage point we are seeing from a run rate standpoint, it is pretty much in line with 
what you saw the previous quarter. 
Rahul: 
And the growth profile of the business was not really exciting when we acquired this 
business. So, is there anything meaningful that you would have done to stimulate that? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, let me take a step back and talk about the rationale of the acquisition from the 
Ascensos stanpoint and what it brought to them and where we are starting to see value 
levers for growth. So, number one, if you look at the Ascensos service delivery footprint, 
it was UK, South Africa, Romania, Trinidad, and Turkey. They did not have a footprint 
in India, Philippines, Mexico. I think that is an opportunity that has gotten created where 
the ability to take some of those newer locations where we have critical mass and scale 
has been an opportunity for the clients of Ascensos. I think that's an opportunity. 
The second one has been centered around some of the front-end consulting capabilities 
that we have been able to bring to the Ascensos customers. I will give you an example, 
we're doing a lot of work around journey mapping and re-imagining the process for 
several of those clients itself. And that I think is yielding results just in terms of 
positioning Ascensos even more as a valued partner to those customers. I mean, they 
were doing phenomenal work with these clients. They were great at the brilliant basics. 
And now I think we're able to showcase that additional value add for them to change or 
rethink the way these processes are run. And here I am talking about the end clients.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
The third is I think on the technology front, and I think just the inventory of things that 
we have, our GenAI studio, the ability to talk about agentic AI for different parts of the 
retail value chain. Where's my order? What are you doing on the refunds and 
cancellation side? Some of that thought leadership is also percolating across to the 
Ascensos client base as well. So, a combination of all of these elements, I think is 
creating momentum to the Ascensos client portfolio as well. 
Rahul: 
Yes. And given that we would be doing a very strong organic growth as well in this year, 
other than, of course, the inorganic contribution. Going into 26, you think there is a need 
for the constant inputs coming from the inorganic side of the strategy, or you think for 
now it could be more about consolidating what we have and grow on its own? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
What I will say is that it can never be one or the other. It's always an and kind of strategy. 
So, obviously we want to continue to grow the business organically, but you can't build 
a business based on acquisitions only. So, it's not like we are going out there and saying 
we are going to hit growth numbers based on acquisitions. I think you start with organic 
growth, but at the same time, keep looking for opportunities that come either proactively 
or reactively on your plate and then saying, hey, is there a fit? Is there something that's 
relevant, so on and so forth. I think that's the way we are trying to architect and build a 
business. What I will say is that we're not looking to do acquisitions for revenue sake. If 
you look at all the three acquisitions that we have done in the last one year, each one 
of them has addressed a specific capability which has been accretive or value accretive 
to us. And that will continue to remain the philosophy going forward as well. 
Rahul: 
Right. I mean the question was more in the context that it's like almost three in one year. 
So, one thing is that it is an important, do we see it as an important thing? I am sure 
nobody do acquisition for sake of it. My question is, is it like a, it's an important tool that 
your strategy has to boost the growth? And wherein the organic opportunity and 
inorganic opportunity both need to be seen to understand what should be the growth 
compounding from a 3, 4-year perspective. Or it could say acquisition would be more a 
chance event and organic growth is a more defined strategy? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, again, as I said, when we are architecting a business plan and we're planning for 
not just next year, but two years out, three years out, etc., our growth strategy is 
completely centered around what we can drive in the business organically. That being 
said, acquisitions are binary in nature. Either they happen or they don't happen. You 
can't plan for a business and a target and a goal based on acquisitions itself happening. 
So, I think the safe way to think about it is that we will continue to build the business 
with organic growth. At the same time, acquisitions will be relevant if they plug a 
capability gap, etc. but as I am sure you understand, a lot of stuff has to come together 
for an acquisition to happen, it is not just about a capability gap. There has to be a value 
and a cultural alignment, and so on and so forth. So, these things are binary in nature. 
So, from my vantage point, I am thinking about this, and our entire leadership team is 
thinking about this more in the context of saying can we build an industry-leading 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
business and do it on the back of organic strategy, and at the same time keep looking 
opportunistically if there's something that allows us to continue to build out our capability 
gaps, if any, so that we continue to be relevant in the domains in which we operate. 
Rahul: 
Right. And last one from my side, from a profitability improvement perspective, we are 
seeing that there is going to be a certain increase in profitability that we see. But just to 
see from a more comforting area of leverage that you see, can you highlight one or two 
easy picking for you where you say, okay, these are areas where you can straight away 
see a margin improvement will happen going into next fiscal? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, I want to give you one example straight away of how we are thinking about margins, 
right. And it's probably important to take a step back and say over the last four or five 
quarters, what have we been doing? We have invested in broadly three areas. The first 
was in expanding our sales and account team, and our sales team has grown by over 
50% over the last 12 months. We have largely done in this area. So, we will continue to 
add or make changes as we see the need. The second is on the capability side, where 
we are doing both leadership hires as well as beefing up our solutions team. In fact, we 
have accelerated some of these investments, especially around modernizing our 
services portfolio by infusing AI and automation. We talked about some of this in the 
last quarter when we detailed specifics around RelAI, and our language model of our 
mortgage services. 
The third area that we're doing, spending time on and investing heavily is in amplifying 
the brand in expanding our relationships and visibility in the industry analyst and advisor 
community itself. This does not change the trajectory of the 50 to 75 basis point 
improvement that we expect every year over the medium term from next year. But if 
you think about one lever, just I want to take you back to Q2 of last year, where our 
onshore revenue was roughly about 74% and our offshore revenue is about 26%. If you 
look at where we are today, for Q3 of FY25, that's changed to 60% coming from onshore 
and 40% going from offshore and nearshore side. That is a meaningful shift. And we 
think that there is still an opportunity out there. As that plays out, I think you are going 
to get margin expansion. We're also looking at our employee pyramid and how we staff 
our project delivery teams. Technology, AI, and automation are changing the way 
support functions get done. And I say support functions in the context of the work we 
render to our customers. This is not about the corporate support functions. There are 
opportunities there to centralize, automate, offshore roles that are relevant as well. 
We're using automation and AI in our onboarding and training processes to improve 
speed to competence. All of these, when they all come together, I think among other 
areas, and I am not even detailing all the value levers, but we have got about 24 value 
levers that we are tracking closely, which I think gives me a high degree of comfort on 
the 50 to 75 basis points. 
Rahul: 
Right. Just double-clicking on the point, you mentioned. So, one thing is, of course, the 
mix of the new business that we have acquired as a very big offshore or near-shore 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
kind of a thing. But the thing on the like-to-like basis also are business that used to have 
before this. We'll also see a meaningful shift on the offshore delivery side. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
I think if you look at this, a lot of our existing customers, a substantial part of that 
incremental growth is coming offshore and nearshore. The service delivery capabilities 
that we have, the geographical footprint that we now have is a tremendous asset. At 
the same time, I think one of the things that hold us in good stead is the end-to-end 
capability that we can offer, particularly in the regulated markets in which we operate. 
So, I don't want to take away from the in-country US, UK, Australia footprint that we 
have, because I think there is a strategic value to that. But at the same time, I think the 
ability to increase the offshore and nearshore business at a much faster clip, I think it 
gives operating leverage. 
Rahul: 
Sure. Thank you for the elaborate answer. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen. We have the next question from the line of Girish 
Pai from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Ritesh, you mentioned that if I heard you right, you said that 
FY26, you are going to have industry-leading growth, and I think that you are talking 
about organic growth here. Industry growth itself, now that the budgeting cycle is 
probably done for 2025 amongst your clients, do you think it will be 1.1x, 1.3x, or 1.5x? 
What is the kind of industry growth pickup that you see in 2025 or FY26? That's question 
number one. Second, you mentioned that you are going as a challenger in the GenAI 
projects and taking away projects from incumbents. Are the incumbents not self-
cannibalizing or not pushing back or providing their own set of solutions through 
platforms and stuff like that? Just these two questions. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Let me quickly respond to the first one, which is, I think we have not made any specific 
comments about FY26, but I think we will provide more color once we come up with the 
Q4 numbers and close out FY25. And at that point in time, I think we will provide more 
perspective. But I gave you a directionally how we're thinking about FY26. Related to 
the second question, Girish, we are seeing some interesting dynamics playing out. In 
some instances, the larger incumbents may not be agile and nimble and as responsive 
to client needs at the point when they arrive. Sometimes it's because they want to be 
mindful about protecting their existing business, so they're playing on defense and 
they're reluctant to cannibalize their own revenues. And that could be one of the factors. 
Some of the larger players that we're dealing with are going through their own internal 
trials and tribulations with large acquisitions that they have done and they haven't 
necessarily sorted through all the post-merger integration challenges that come with it. 
And that forces a lot of these organizations to be insular as opposed to market inside 
out rather than being outside in. I think these are just two anecdotal things that we're 
seeing out there in the marketplace that is allowing us to compete, hold our own, and 
punch above our weight against some of the larger players. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Girish Pai: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Hi, good evening. Ritesh, just one question from my side. You mentioned that in the 
payer segment within your healthcare vertical, there was some slowdown because of 
the open enrollment period. I mean, that is a bit contrary to what some of your other 
pure play healthcare peers have said, I mean, they're generally a volume pickup 
because of the open enrollment period. So, I am just trying to understand the contrast 
here. Are we into different service lines which doesn't get any benefit from the pickup 
in volume in Q3? Any color will be helpful here. Thank you. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Abhishek for the question. I am not going to comment on other companies, 
but I do want you to understand that different companies have different business 
priorities and different operating spaces in which they run their business. And I talked a 
little bit about this in terms of giving some perspective. Our intent for our healthcare 
business is 
1. 
To build a portfolio that is balanced between the payers and the providers 
2. 
Within each segment it is broad-based across clients so that there is no 
dependency on a few clients 
3. 
We are able to bring tech and AI induced capabilities to solve client problems 
This has helped us grow our business by over 31% YoY this year so far. And we have 
had multiple large deal wins in this space. We continue to see a strong deal pipeline 
that's well distributed across clients, and so on and so forth. There are segments within 
this vertical like open enrollment, and you are right, where that naturally gives an uptick 
in volumes, but we have taken a conscious call to keep our exposure calibrated 
because volumes in this space could be unpredictable, right, and create a seasonality 
element to it. What I also want to add is that we can afford to do so because we don't 
have a concentrated client portfolio. 
Our business is far more diverse in terms of the playing field itself. So, we have a choice, 
and that choice allows us to play the market more selectively than maybe some of our 
peers are able to do. And I think that's what I think is probably the operative word in 
terms of how we have seen the segment play out. But which is why we feel very good 
about the vertical. We see a very strong pipeline. We think there are going to be some 
very interesting conversions in this space. So, we feel pretty good from an outlook 
perspective. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Thank you and all the best. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you for joining the call and for all your questions. I just want to close with a few 
points. We are on track with our revamped go-to-market strategy. You are seeing that 
in the numbers. We continue to remain laser focused on building a resilient, durable 
business with industry-leading growth. And our growth, as you can see, will be industry-
leading in FY25.  
Our sales engine is working well. We had three large deal wins in each of the last three 
quarters. And in spite of that, our Q3 closing deal pipeline was amongst the highest 
ever. We are adding larger relationships and mining our existing relationships better. 
There is an increase in the count of our 1 million, 5 million, 10 million plus revenue 
clients from a year back. Our revenue concentration with our top 5 and our top 10 clients 
is also down by 7% and 9% respectively, and broad basing that revenue and adding 
strategic logos, we think creates more opportunities and more headroom for growth. 
Our improved and expanded capabilities portfolio is resonating well with our clients and 
prospects. And finally, our revised FY25 revenue growth guidance of 21.8% to 22.3% 
keeps us in the top decile for the industry. That's all from our side. I look forward along 
with my colleagues to interacting with you again in the next quarter call. Thank you 
again for joining the conversation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Firstsource Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
