Mumbai | Pune | Chennai | Bengaluru | Hyderabad | Chicago | Detroit | London | Frankfurt | Amsterdam | Toronto 
 
Regd. address. : 2nd floor, Sterling Centre, Dr. A.B. Road, Worli, Mumbai 400018. Tel: +91 22 24926570  
CIN: L28920MH1991PLC062542 | email: info@onwardgroup.com  | website: www.onwardgroup.com  
 
 
                             
 
Ref No.: OTL/Secretarial/SE/2024-25/82 
 
Date: January 26, 2025 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Plot No. C/1 'G' Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400051 
 
Ref: Scrip Code - BSE: 517536 NSE: ONWARDTEC 
 
Sub:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure            
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Investor’s Conference 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of Analyst and 
Investor Conference Call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024, held 
on Tuesday, January 21, 2025. The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference 
call www.onwardgroup.com  
Request you to take the same on record. 
 
For Onward Technologies Limited 
  
 
Vinav Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No:- A40751 
VINAV AGARWAL
Digitally signed by VINAV AGARWAL 
Date: 2025.01.26 22:13:36 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Onward Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JIGAR MEHTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ONWARD TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ASHA GUPTA – E&Y (INVESTOR RELATIONS) 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Onward Technologies Limited Q3 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Asha Gupta from E&Y LLP, Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to 
you, ma'am. 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good afternoon to all of you. Welcome to Q3 FY '25 earnings call of Onward 
Technologies Limited. The results and presentation have already been mailed to you, and you 
can view them on our website, www.onwardgroup.com.  
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have with us Mr. Jigar 
Mehta, Managing Director of Onward Technologies Limited. He will start the call with a 
business update and financial performance for the quarter, which will be then followed by a 
Q&A session. 
As usual, I would like to remind you that anything that is said on this call that reflects any outlook 
for the future which can be construed as forward-looking statements must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are 
included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and 
subsequent annual report that you can find in our website.  
Having said that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Jigar Mehta. Over to you, Jigar. 
Jigar Mehta: 
Thank you, Asha. Good afternoon, and welcome everyone. Thank you for joining our Q3 FY 
'25 earnings call. It's a pleasure always to connect with all of you every quarter. I hope you had 
a chance to review our results and presentation of Q3, which we released a few hours ago post 
the Board meeting this morning. 
Let me begin by providing an overview of the performance of the last 90 days and highlighting 
the progress that we have made. Q3 despite being a weak quarter with a lot of holidays in India, 
North America and Europe and, of course, a big impact of furloughs. Our top line remained 
stable at INR 123.4 crores, reflecting a growth of 8.2% year-on-year basis and our EBITDA was 
at 9.1% for the quarter. 
We started the quarter with clear growth visibility. Until December 15, most of our clients had 
very limited furloughs planned, which was in line with what we had already budgeted learning 
from the experience of the previous financial year. But this time, we saw the impact higher with 
few large clients ashut down for three to four weeks. So that did have a small impact on us. 
Otherwise, our numbers could have been much higher in terms of both revenue and bottom line.  
For 9 months, our revenue stood at INR 364 crores, a growth of about 2.8% year-on-year basis 
and our EBITDA stood at 8.5% for the year. We continue to believe that we will meet guidance 
for the year of revenue of INR 490 crores to INR 510 crores for this financial year and EBITDA 
margin of 9% to 11%, and we have good visibility going into Q4. And this continues to be again 
from our existing clients. 

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Just to recap a bit about where Onward Tech is today starting 2025 is we have 80-odd clients 
that we work with which are all headquartered in North America and Europe. We invoice with 
them in 3 or 4 currencies. One is dollar, second is GBP in UK, Euros in Germany and across 
Europe and INR in India. 
So even if a North American customer has a captive center in India, we will work with their 
capital center or their GCC in India and the invoicing would be INR, but the company would 
still be US headquartered. We continue to remain focused on three verticals. Industrial 
equipment and heavy machinery (IEHM) is our largest and continues to grow for us 
Transportation and mobility (T&M), where automotive is our main vertical, again, continues to 
grow for us. And we've seen a beautiful transition from 2024 where we had significant number 
of Tier 1 customers to large OEMs. Today, majority of the large OEMs, we are on the direct 
supplier list and are working hard to differentiate and create value for everyone.   
Just to give a quick perspective about what that means in 2025 is, each client will have a 
dedicated account sales manager or ASM, which will be locally based in US/Europe/India. So 
traditionally, about three years ago, we spoke about hiring a lot of people in US and Europe. 
Those are all the salespeople. We transferred a significant number of people to US and Europe 
who had gone to establish our offices, establish our presence, establish our credibility, showcase 
our delivery competencies to our customers and prospects back then. Now all of them are 
returning back to India, taking up various other roles. And we are now hiring specialist account 
sales managers (ASMs), which are seasoned, been there, done that for larger companies, larger 
revenue numbers in US and Europe. So again, very interesting phase for us we are entering 
especially in the automotive vertical. Third is our healthcare vertical, which we started last April. 
I think it's making decent progress. I think we can do much more. And we will continue to see 
very high growth percentage there because it's a very low base. In a short span of nine months, 
we have won some remarkable brands as customers. Now it's all about being relevant to them 
with building niche capabilities. 
Now coming back to our numbers, our top 5 clients and top 10 clients continue to remain stable. 
They are growing and we hope to add a lot more momentum with them in 2025. We have already 
signed client extensions with majority of them. And we believe that there is a lot more work 
which will come our way from these customers. And we have been building the capacity for 
them. 
Recruitment team, which was something that we were working on for the last several years, is 
now becoming solid and more robust. We have 65 strong in-house TAG team. We used to have 
100 back in the day when we were hiring a lot of different kinds of people all over the world. 
Now the model has changed. We have 65 specialist recruiters in our team as well, staffing our 
various projects. So, our dependency on external firms is limited.  
And in terms of infrastructure, very exciting things are happening. We upgraded a lot of our 
offices last year in 2024 in anticipation of what the big move for us in 2025 will be. So as we 
speak, we are in the final stages of signing a large office in Chennai, which will be the largest 
design center in India. And we hope to consolidate substantial portion of our delivery capabilities 
for industrial vertical and automotive vertical in Chennai, starting Q2 of next year. So again, 

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
looking forward to that. That gives us an opportunity to set up labs, centers of excellence, and a 
lot of other stuff that we can do for our customers. And what's also very important here, again, 
from an investment perspective is, this is not going to be additional cost. So, the cost is already 
there. We have a lot of small centers all over the country, which will consolidate into the Chennai 
facility. So that gives us the breadth and depth to showcase like a customer experience center, 
and even for everybody on this call, so you guys can actually see what we do for our customers  
Now, in terms of outlook, as I said, for Q4, we remain positive. We have a lot of hard work 
coming our way. Teams are excited to be back in office in 2025, and we are definitely ready to 
make an impact. As mentioned in our previous calls, our strategy remains focused on discipline 
execution for our existing customers, leveraging our core strengths in mechanical engineering, 
in embedded electronics, and building capabilities continuously on the software digital side. And 
we are pursuing strategic investments to unlock future opportunities.  
Thank you, again for all your support and trust in us. I will now hand over the call to the operator 
to start the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on the active clients side we have seen decline. 
So, if you can comment on that and what are expectations from Q4, as you have mentioned, we 
remain strong for Q4? 
Jigar Mehta: 
So our clients are not declining. I mean, it's declining from a mathematical perspective. If you 
look at the ER&D industry and what our vision has been for the last three years and what for the 
next three to five years is we continue to believe that we need 10 customers where each can get 
to $10 million per year, which can deliver $100 million, or match 20 customers at $5 million 
revenue per year. So, we are strategically continuously focusing on customers that can grow. So 
that's where our strategy lies.  
We want to spend all our energies towards the large customers who value us where we have the 
ability to deliver for them, the most competitive, most cost efficient, and of course, very high 
quality deliverables. So that's what we are doing. So, as I've said before, we would like to 
consolidate even further. I think 80 is a very large number for an engineering company. It's very 
different than IT services or pure play BPO, where large number of customers add more deal 
momentum. For us being relevant to few customers is very important. And then spreading out 
geographically with them globally is the right strategy. So that's what we're going for. And the 
visibility that we have shared is based on our customers' feedback for Q4, the guidance that 
they've given to us, and the RFQs that are coming out, and the RFQs that are already out. So, 
we remain hopeful that we can execute and deliver on what our customers are expecting from 
us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Thanks for giving the opportunity. Jigar, you mentioned that from 15th December onwards, 
there was a furlough impact for you, and that was higher than what it was previously estimated.  

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
So, I mean, if you can quantify if the furlough would not have been there, what would have been 
the revenue in the quarter on a broader basis? And also, if the furlough is there for three to four 
weeks, then should we see furlough extending even in January, or half of January, how should 
we see the furlough impact for the next part of the year? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Sure. So, it's hard to quantify the furlough impact. But if you look at it from a pure rupee 
perspective, the number is, I think, approximately INR 3 crores, INR 3.5 crores, that we did not 
see it coming. This is over and above what we had budgeted, apples-to-apples from the same 
time last year. So, we did lose approx. INR 3 crores, which went away straight from the top line 
and the bottom line.  
But at the same time, we won a lot of other things as well, right, last minute where customers 
had a lot of peaks or loads, and our teams could ramp up towards that. So that's the impact. Did 
it extend to January? Yes, it did. I think about Jan 6th.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure. So, it's not that extended for kind of a thing for January, right? It's only in the first week. 
Jigar Mehta: 
No, just the first week. And I think that's across the industry for what I understand. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Understood. Sure. The second thing was on the healthcare side. Healthcare is going to be a focus. 
Last time, interaction was there. Now this quarter, healthcare has come down for us, and given 
the now new administration, which is there in U.S., so how should we see your healthcare 
strategy from here on, on the overall business side?  
Jigar Mehta: 
Healthcare is a very exciting space for us. It's a very new space. We've built a good team. I've 
shared before, my cousin, Pratish, is leading this. He's based out of Chicago. And I think it's 
only going to gain from strength to strength.  Our strategy is very clear, one is we are only going 
to work with the top companies the biggest brands in the world. And as a sales organization, 
historically, we have been successful in leveraging our expertise and connects from other 
verticals to win some of the biggest companies in healthcare. I mean, quarterly is very short term 
as we are focused on building a great business model focused on USA market initially and then 
expanding to Europe. But on an annual basis, I think we'll keep growing exponentially much 
faster than the other verticals. And we see clear visibility for that as we speak. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Does the change in administration now, I mean, Trump is there as the President in U.S. So, does 
the change in administration impact the funding of the sector? And so consequently, would there 
be an impact for us on this vertical? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Again, it's only been 12 hours or less than 24 hours. But what I can gather from our experience 
and what our customers have told us; I think it's only going to be positive for us in India overall. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure. Understood. Correct. One more thing was just on the revenue growth side. I remember last 
quarter you had called out that you would expect growth on the revenue side worth of INR 120 
crores. This quarter also, I mean, if we adjust the furlough, then yes, there is a growth. Should 
we see this kind of growth rate continuing for the next four or five quarters? Basis the visibility 
or basis the interactions that you're having with your customers. Is that a fair and a reasonable 
expectation on that side? 

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Jigar Mehta: 
Absolutely. I've hired 2,500 people on my payroll to do that. So it's just not me. I have 2,500 
employees working very hard globally to deliver growth. And to remain relevant in our business 
and our industry, we have to deliver. ‘m optimistic that the next 3 years will be better than the 
previous 3 years as the foundation is much stronger today.  
Mihir Manohar: 
The question is more with reference to the deals which is there in the books and the interaction 
that you will be having for ramping up those deals. So, keeping that in mind, do you see this 
growth continuing? 
Jigar Mehta: 
I think so. We see good visibility as we speak, Mihir. I'm currently in Paris meeting customers. 
And everything looks positive from that perspective. There is slowdown, there are some 
challenges. But for a company of our size, the visibility continues to remain very strong. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure. And just last question on the ESOP side. I mean, this proxy advisory firm, there is a press 
release that you have given a clarification. If you can provide some details, some clarity over 
here as to what is the size of the pool? And when will that vest? And what are the preconditions 
to vest that? And who all are the beneficiaries of that pool? That would be really helpful. 
Jigar Mehta: 
I don't have all the specifics, Mihir. I can give you a quick background about the new ESOP 
scheme. So, first the new ESOP scheme and all new allotments is linked the market price. It's a 
% discount on that. And that was actually based on the advice and feedback given to us by all 
our investors in the past and of course guided by the Board. 
Number two, it has not been allotted to anybody so far it is a new scheme to replace some of our 
old schemes then we were allotting ESOPs to employees at INR 10 per share or INR 20 per 
share, irrespective of the market price. Now it is a discount of the market price. So, it's a huge 
change in terms of upgrading the current policies where we are.  
And third, in terms of the proxy advisory firms, they wanted to add the terminology performance 
based. And absolutely, the whole company is based on performance and merit only. Nobody is 
given ESOPs. We pay very well, and we are very proud that we are a well-paying company. Our 
attrition continues to go down every day. So, it's more about performance only and they wanted 
that in written and we have given that.  
Mihir Manohar:  
Understood. And just lastly, I mean, how many employees are completely covered in this new 
scheme? 
Jigar Mehta: 
As of today, zero. But all 2,500. We have three performance parameters as an organization. We 
have company performance, where maybe the top 40 or 50 people are measured on. Then we 
have a respective regional business unit performance, which is a much larger pool, maybe about 
30% or 40% of our workforce. And then there are individual contributors. So, everybody is 
eligible. 
 
In the past, we have our security guards, to our admin people, to HR, to recruiters, besides, of 
course, the delivery and salespeople getting ESOPs. And that's how we have built a beautiful 
company and that's what we are very proud of. 

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Mihir Manohar:  
Understood. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shiv Pratap from Thermopads Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Shiv Pratap: 
My first question is about the revenue guidance you have given for FY '26 of around INR 600 
crores. So are we going to achieve that? And regarding the EBITDA margin, so from next quarter 
onwards, can we see double digit EBITDA margin? 
Jigar Mehta:  
So, on the first question, we have given a guidance for next year and that guidance continues to 
remain strong, and we are very positive towards that. And the guidance is based on our existing 
customers and the visibility they have shared with us last quarter. And in terms of Q4, absolutely, 
as I said in my opening remarks, we are working very hard to deliver the projections that we had 
shared in the last earnings call, which is revenue of INR 490 crores to INR 510 crores and 9% 
to 11% EBITDA margin.  
Shiv Pratap:  
So digital was the fastest growing segment for us. But from last few quarters, that has dropped 
significantly to around 20%. And now we are seeing improvement in that. So, can we see that 
it's again contributing to around 40% of the total revenue going ahead? 
Jigar Mehta:  
Absolutely. I think very soon what's going to happen is, we are waiting for 1 or 2 more quarters 
and overall, we will start breaking up the company a bit differently. Instead of giving three 
categories of digital, embedded and mechanical, we will give only two categories, which is 
software and mechanical or old school manufacturing engineering, which is not using the cloud 
or any of the AI tools in line with how the industry is sharing numbers. So software continues 
to be where the biggest demand is and we're continuously building capabilities bench towards 
that. 
Shiv Pratap: 
 
So digital is our high margin business, right? 
Jigar Mehta: 
It used to be. That's why I clarified before as well. If you remember last year or 2 years back, 
the digital used to be the high margin business for everybody in the industry. Today, when you 
work with the biggest companies in the world, the margin profile continues to remain the same. 
Where the high margin is in terms of niche skills versus generic skills. So, if you're building 
something for the future, that's where the high margins are. 
Shiv Pratap:  
Okay. And can I know the current order book structure, like ratio of repeat revenue versus 
project-based business? So, you earlier said that project-based business will be higher. So, can I 
get a kind of idea about the ratio? 
Jigar Mehta: 
I don't have the exact details. I think you're leading to TCV or ACV. I think our IR managers 
Ernst & Young can share that with you. If you could email them your questions, I'm sure they 
can answer all the specific details, the breakups. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Kulkarni from Incred AMC. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Varun Kulkarni: 
I have three questions. The first one being, I think you've already answered that, but I would like 
some reassurance on that front. So, if I were to look at the average of the 3 quarters, the EBITDA 
margin stands at around 8.4%. So for that, I'm assuming you'd have to deliver an EBITDA 
margin of say 11% to 12%. A, how confident are we on that? B, my second question would be, 
you mentioned that your strategy is to have 10 clients and who would each contribute USD 10 
million. So, is there no concentration risk in terms of that? Because wouldn't it be better to have 
a diversified clientele? And C, I remember attending one of your calls in which you had said 
that you would want to increase your revenue by geography in the US region. So historically 
speaking, that number seems to be dipping. We are at 37% if I'm not wrong this year and the 
India region continues to grow. So, what are your thoughts on that? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Thanks for the questions. I'll go point by point. So, on the first question, your maths, I guess 
that's the right math and we are optimistic, and we are working very hard to deliver those 
numbers. So far, the visibility looks good for Q4, especially there's no furloughs and very limited 
number of holidays, and there are 62 working days.  
 
On the second question in terms of concentration, so when I say 10 customers, it doesn't mean 
Onward Tech only have 10 customers. What we are simply saying is, let's say if you have 80 
customers, you cannot win all 80 battles. We are now competing against 6 or 7 of the largest 
engineering companies in the world. The beautiful part for us and everybody else in the industry 
is the industry is growing. Industry is only growing. And the India advantage is going to be even 
bigger and larger in the next 3 to 5 years. So, I continue to remain very optimistic towards that 
and directly being a sales guy on the road. So that's what I see every day. So what we are saying 
is 10 customers out of 80, if we win those, that's where the real growth engine is. And what I do 
every day is I want to make sure my best people, my top performing people are focusing on the 
top 10 customers. 
 
And the third point I clarified in my opening remarks, so all our customers are US and Europe. 
So, what's happening is, a significant portion of our customers in US are opening GCCs in India, 
already have or already has large GCCs in India. So that's why I clarified. 
 
So, when you are seeing revenue as we report in our IR deck, dollar revenue comes in the US 
bucket but there could be US customers in India, which is a GCC, which is in the INR bucket. 
So again, I just want to make sure I clarify that. And we are happy with all of them because now 
the numbers are not changing. Earlier it was a challenge. The companies didn't want to work 
with GCCs. We love working with GCCs and I think it's a very fair play in terms of what they 
have done, especially over the last 12 months. 
Varun Kulkarni: 
Understood. Thank you. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhvani Shah from TCG AMC. Please go ahead. 
Dhvani Shah: 
Thank you for this opportunity. Sorry, this is my first time attending this call. So, in case the 
questions are not up to the mark. But one thing I want to understand that the range that you've 
given in terms of your guidance implies that the Q4 could be 2% to 18%. I just want to 
understand the puts and takes. I understand the optimism built in with your conversations with 

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
the client, but maybe you could specify in terms of the verticals or what do you think would lead 
to growth? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Our visibility is based on the pipeline our existing clients have shared with us. So even today we 
have a significant portion of people who have been trained in 2024, maybe in Q1 or Q2 and Q3, 
and now ready to get onto projects.  
Number two, we have a very strong talent acquisition team whose job is to attract the best talent 
to staff our delivery organisation.  
 
Number three, every year in Q3, Q4, end of the year, there's the bottom 5% performers impact 
that comes through as well. So, we hire a significant portion of people in Q1 to accelerate the 
year, some perform, some are not that lucky to meet the performance standards. We remove the 
bottom 5%. So that adds to the cost, adds to the margin as well. So, a lot of balancing stuff that 
happens in Q4 for us. I think this time my HR organization has done a fabulous job to do it 
structurally from July timeline, proper performance reviews, trainings, career paths. And I think 
that gives us a much better visibility. But fundamentally, net-net is the three verticals. It's the 
existing clients, a significant portion of our 80 clients, not all of them, are looking at ramping up 
in Q4. And I think we are at the right place. We have to just execute. 
Dhvani Shah: 
Understood. And just one more question. The entire industry has been mentioning about the 
slowdown in the auto industry. I understand size is on your side in terms of smaller companies, 
but can you let me know if there are any kind of client competitions that could hinder your Q4 
and maybe that's why there is the lower band, which implies a 2% growth? 
Jigar Mehta:  
Sure. So, I think your first point is very valid. I think 3 of the largest automotive engineering 
companies, their scale is much bigger. So, they're talking very different stuff and maybe they 
might have projects which are winding down, but new projects will start. As I said, the industry 
is only growing from an India perspective.  
 
On the second question, so I'm currently in Europe, as I was saying earlier. I met a customer 
yesterday. We have multiple meetings in the next few days. Again, the visibility continues to be 
very strong. All the customers have huge cost pressures. Majority of the automotive OEMs have 
anywhere from 30 to 300 suppliers, Onward Tech not being one of them. And they are engaging 
with us because they genuinely believe that we can deliver, and the references other clients are 
giving them is really adding a lot of depth towards our meetings. So, our meetings traditionally 
used to be sales meetings, today are very focused on RFQs, today are very focused on value. 
And I think that's where the confidence comes in for me and my team. So there's going to be 
vendor consolidation in automotive industry. There's going to be huge pressures. There's going 
to be a lot of factories shut down across US and Europe. And majority of their work delivery 
wise has to be in India. 
 
I was so happy to see that companies in Europe now have asked their engineers to work 8am to 
8pm, five days a week, which was maybe unheard of one year ago. Today people are working 
and I'm seeing offices with high energy, high motivation and so much positive energy that things 
are changing around us and that gives Onward Tech a great visibility as well. 

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Dhvani Shah: 
Understood. Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krish Kothari from Shinobi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Krish Kothari: 
I actually have a question that is sort of an extension to the previous one. In specific to the auto 
sector, if there is some sort of downturn, that's going on right now. In your conversations with 
clients, how do you manoeuvre your positioning of Onward Tech to showcase how valuable you 
are to them at such a time? 
Jigar Mehta:  
So fundamentally, there's two points. One is when you're saying there's a slowdown in 
automotive, it's not applicable to all the companies. If you look at the automotive industry, even 
today, there's a 50% slowdown for companies which are in the EV space. And there's a 50% 
slowdown in companies who are going through strikes or leadership changes. But, So, most of 
the companies that you meet, OEMs out there have average of 10,000 engineers to 25,000 
engineers. That's a broad figure. Traditional automotive OEM will have that many engineers. 
Out of that, 70% they do in-house, and 30% is what they outsource.  
Onward Tech plays in the 30% outsourcing space, which is worth hundreds of millions of 
dollars, if not billions. So what we are talking about is very small. So there's a slowdown, 10,000 
engineers becomes 9,500. I hope I'm giving you statistics. 10,000 doesn't become 5,000. The 
work continues. It is just that they are working on the new hybrid models and new EV models 
and new versions or upgrades slows down. Onward technologies regardless, is not playing in 
that space today. We are not competing for those large multimillion dollars or hundreds of 
millions of dollars of transformation projects. We are still working on small projects. So, for us, 
we don't get affected by that big slowdown that everybody talks about. Where my team gets 
affected, when our delivery team is not able to execute for visa reason, finding the best talent, 
and learning / adapting to the OEM processes.  
Krish Kothari: 
I got the point you're making. My other question was actually from a 3 to 5-year perspective. 
I'm trying to gauge the scope for operating leverage within the business. And I'm trying to 
understand that the incremental, say, if you go from INR 500 crores to INR 800 crores top line, 
is that possible with very marginal increases in headcount? I mean, just put more bluntly, do you 
think your revenue per employee will increase significantly over the next 3 to 5 years? 
Jigar Mehta: 
That's what we are working towards. That's what we clarified before as well, when I spoke about 
the whole US strategy or approach. Traditionally, about 90%-95% of the market for us is US. 
Whether we are invoicing dollar, euro, pound or rupees doesn't matter, but US-based companies 
who have a very matured outsourcing model. Europe is picking up in a big way. And a lot of the 
other engineering service providers are doing a fabulous job there. We are not that heavily 
invested in Europe, but we continue to make inroads and we are doing a decent job. Our business 
has been  growing every year.  
 
So, for us, I think you will see us being around this headcount, 2,500 or 2,000 or 3,000 people 
range, and we're going more and more deeper and moving up the value chain with our customers. 
It's not about adding 2,500 more people to get to double up the revenue.  

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
 
So, revenue per person, gross margin per person, everything will increase. I said the same thing 
3 years ago when we were 2,500 people, I think half the revenue. We had the same headcount 
and double the revenue now. So, I think you will see that continuously as far as we keep investing 
in training and upscaling our engineers. 
Krish Kothari: 
Understood. Thank you 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Mistri from Moonshot Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikas Mistri: 
Jigar, in the last conference call, from the last 2 years, our strategy has been to build the US. 
And now, from your opinion, it seems like that you're comfortable with GCCs. Is there a 
dichotomy in the strategy, where we are targeting customers from the US? Now, they are asking 
us to just stay in GCC in India and the bill rates will be much lower than US? 
Jigar Mehta: 
So, there are two points. One is, there are two types of GCC models. One was a GCC model 
when we are working with, again, the Tier 1, Tier 2 suppliers, that was a very different model 
because it was a very transactional model. When I say transactional, it is you're working, doing 
a great job 11 months in the year. And the 11th month, they will send back 50% of the staff to 
your office. It was a very different model, very cost-based model. And that's why we never 
enjoyed working with GCCs. And I think most companies didn't enjoy working with GCCs. I'm 
talking about the larger, let's say, the top 6, 7 engineering companies. Today, if you see, it's a 
very mature GCC model. It's not like a grocery store, you come and go. It's actually you are an 
extension of the client’s R&D department. There's a lot of respect. There's a lot of training. And 
the GCC is also very clear. It's a highly integrated model and we highly enjoy working with 
them. We are learning a lot. They are spending a substantial amount of time and money on 
training our engineers or the whole industry as a whole in India. And I think it's a win-win 
situation. So the GCC attrition rate, which used to be about 30%, 40%, 50% just a few years 
ago, I think it's down to single lower digits for everybody now. So that's the first part. 
The second part on the US side, US continues to be our focus. That's where our investment goes. 
And we will continue to invest big in US every year. So substantial portion of our budgets goes 
to U.S. and we are making progress. It's not at the speed I would like. Obviously, we are growing 
at low single digits this year. But we want to grow in U.S. and we do believe Onward Tech’s 
future growth continues to be if you are successful in the U.S. 
Vikas Mistri: 
Okay. So, Jigar, extensive of that question is, what is the bill rate differential if similar client 
tends to give business in U.S. and similar client tends to give business as a part of GCC? 
Jigar Mehta: 
I don't know if I can share those kind of numbers in this forum. You can reach out to E&Y and 
maybe they can share all the public information out there. 
Vikas Mistri: 
Sure. Okay. My final question is that you said that we are in competition with 5, 6 companies 
what gives you comfort that you will be moving up the value chain, what capabilities you have 
developed in maybe last 1 year, that gives you more comfort that you will win over more 
customers and try to give more value addition as compared to all other companies. Though your 

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
share is lesser, but capabilities are much more necessary. So my question pertains to the 
capability point of view? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Sure. So what I clarified was the industry is growing. So we are not competing with the larger 
players. It's not possible to compete, when they have that level of delivery debt or huge 
investment in labs and centers of excellence. What we have done is we are now working with 
the same customers where the large ER&D service companies are playing, right? Where they 
had been dominant for the last 10, 20 years. We have a new company out there. So for us, it's 
just a privilege to be there. The beautiful part I've always shared before, we are in an industry 
which is growing the Indian outsourcing industry is growing. We don't see a slowdown there. 
And customers have never asked us to complete other Indian companies. As I said, I'm in Europe 
right now. They are asking us to compete local European companies, which are 5x or 7x more 
expensive. And that's where we want to play. That's where we're building capabilities. So for 
example, if a customer gives us an opportunity, okay, there's another Indian company in South 
India are doing this. Can you make it cheaper? We usually walk away from the deal. I've always 
said that. But as they say, this is what other French company is doing, or the German companies 
doing or an American company is doing, can you build capabilities for us there, and we see a 
huge visibility where we can ramp up 100, 200, 300 engineers, that's where Onward Tech will 
invest. 
Vikas Mistri: 
That's understandable. But in term of the question was not that you're competing with the Indian 
counterparts. We already know that Indian ER&D industry continues to grow market share from 
other competition. The question point is that what capability you have, let's take SDV, in SDV 
what capability you have that will give you further market share to be gained out? I mean let's 
assume in healthcare, what capability you have built it out? Would you find that, that will be 
much, much better from your perspective? 
Jigar Mehta: 
So, I highly recommend, why don’t you plan a visit to one of our facilities in Pune, Chennai, 
Bangalore that will give you… this is again a wrong forum for me to share information because, 
obviously, all our projects are based on customers and we signed very strict agreements with 
them. 
 
But very happy to showcase all ability that we have built for our customers, ODCs that we have 
built for our customers. Our new office in Chennai will be launched, which will house more than 
1,000 engineers. That will show you the kind of depth and breadth of capability that we have 
built. E&Y can again organize that, we have a lot of people visiting all the time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sriram Rajan, who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sriram Rajan: 
Hi, Jigar. Thanks for these wonderful updates. I think, I just picked on the last question that the 
previous gentleman was asking. Just to keep your capabilities aside, but in terms of skills, are 
there some niche skills that you are building capabilities proactively on? 
Jigar Mehta: 
We are not building anything new, which our customers are not asking us, right? So we have 
not got to the stage today. We need to get to 15%, 18% EBITDA margins to invest 3% to 4% 

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
back in very future case. Today, we are in a very focused execution mode that I shared a year 
ago. And I think for the next 1 to 3 years, we will be in execution mode just to sort of get the 
company back on double-digit growth and double-digit EBITDA. That's the first vision. So we 
have actually proactively cut down drastically compared to 3 years ago post the pandemic where 
we invested in building a lot of new skills on bench, particularly. 
Sriram Rajan: 
Understood. I think that's the nice thing to do. Jigar, in terms of, I think somebody else asked 
this question that the guidance for FY '26 remains at INR 600 crores. Based on what you see 
today and the EBITDA that you said in the previous conference call of last quarter, was that it 
would be better than the closing EBITDA for FY '25? And does that still hold good for us to 
bake in the forecast? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Yes, absolutely. That's what we are working towards. And as I said, I already shared some of 
the points as well. Another big point also, which my team just pointed out was a substantial part 
of our investment in automation also has been completed. We took a lot of our internal systems 
that were outsourced with other very high-end expensive things which were not catered to the 
ER&D industry. We have built our own OTL apps that all integration is going on beautifully 
and that cost also comes down drastically, I think from March itself. So yes, I think double digit 
is what we should be playing at where Onward Tech should be at. I think sky is the limit for us 
as we can get our execution capability. 
Sriram Rajan: 
Just a last question, Jigar. I think maybe somebody asked this question, but I just thought I'd 
specifically ask it. Given the fact that and I had a chat with the E&Y team maybe 3, 4 quarters 
ago on this topic. I think we're facing the impact in the market today. The impact of automatic 
code getting generated through Generative AI. So we have also built some utilities for that. So, 
we're able to see knock out of 20% of the actual engineers who do the coding. So when you look 
at the digital side of the business, if there's a modernization project upgrading from a particular 
version of Java to the next version, just taking us to modernization. Actually, Robo is able to do 
it, and just need somebody to make sure it's all okay at the end, just the final pieces. Is that 
coming in and impacting us? Do you see that in some way impacting Onward Tech? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Not so far, Sriram. We haven't seen that. But is Onward engineers working on stuff like that for 
various projects? Probably at customer sites, not in our offices. In our premises, customers more 
and more asking us not to use any kind of AI, including the meetings that I am having in Europe 
right now. 
 
For the enterprise level, you're not seeing that. They're seeing it on the IT side in the CI 
organization, not in the engineering research and development organization yet. And I'm sure it 
has to comment. The benefits are so many. I think one moment one company starts everybody 
else we follow the track. 
Sriram Rajan: 
That's it for me, Jigar. Wishing you the very best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Dhvani Shah from TCG AMC. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Dhvani Shah: 
Just one clarification. You said you have a portion of your revenues, which are legacy revenue. 
Could you just let us know what’s the percentage of that legacy revenue? 
Jigar Mehta: 
It's 0%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Jigar Mehta: 
Thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Just to summarize, we are coming off 2 years of 
single-digit revenue growth. We have a lot of work to do as an organization, and we are doing 
that. We have a beautiful team working very hard and we're constantly making the right steps or 
corrective steps to make sure that we build a high-performing organization. 
 
And we are privileged to work with some of the best customers and companies in the world in 
the 3 verticals that we are focused on. And as I said, sky is the limit in terms of what we can do 
with them. And a lot of work is going on in the background, and we remain committed in terms 
of building a great organization. So thank you again and have a great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Onward Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Note:                                     This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of 
the proceedings. 
