 
ROLEX RINGS LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Rolex Rings Private Limited) 
[CIN:    L28910GJ2003PLC041991] 
Regd. Office:-BEHIND GLOWTECH PRIVATE LIMITED, GONDAL ROAD, KOTHARIA, RAJKOT 
Phone: (281 )6699577/6699677  
Email: compliance@rolexrings.com website. www.rolexrings.com 
 
Ref. RolexRings/Reg30/AnalystMeeting/Feb2025/1 
  
February 19, 2025 
 
 
To, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited,
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Script Code: 543325 
 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Script Symbol: ROLEXRINGS 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the company participated in 
Investor/Analyst Call as given below: 
 
Date 
Type of Meeting/Event 
Location 
February 17, 2025 
Investor/Analyst 
Call 
scheduled 
by 
Equirus 
Securities 
with 
the 
management of the company 
to discuss the company’s 
results for 3QFY25 
Zoom Meeting (Virtual) 
 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI) was shared/discussed in the meeting 
with the investors/analysts. 
 
However, as a matter of better compliance & investors’ services, the Transcripts of the said 
Analyst Call is attached herewith, for reference & record please. 
 
Please take the same on your records 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Rolex Rings Limited 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
Hardik Dhimantbhai Gandhi  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
{Membership No. A39931] 
Hardik 
Dhimantbhai 
Gandhi
Digitally signed by Hardik Dhimantbhai Gandhi 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=6599, 
pseudonym=6897d79ff14f4c508dfe7a2e6c24c7d3, 
2.5.4.20=f155c1b6346787019f871ccb7fda97ca51d3fc2811787
05de076db344bae7e58, postalCode=360002, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=800c5cd4d119aed4c97338989ca872c94ea9495
7bf4b8d1bd8210965bab36468, cn=Hardik Dhimantbhai 
Gandhi 
Date: 2025.02.19 17:55:29 +05'30'

File name: GMT20250217-070243_Recording 
DuraƟon: 00:49:49 
Moderator (00:00:18) Good morning everyone. On behalf of Equirus SecuriƟes, I welcome you all to 
the Q3, FY 25 post earnings conference call of Rolex. From the management side, we have Mr. Manesh 
Madeka, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Mihir Madeka, full Ɵme director, and Mr. Hiren Doshi 
Chief Financial Oﬃcer. So without further ado, I would like to now hand over the ﬂoor to for opening 
remarks post which we will have a Q&A session. Over to you sir Hiren sir. 
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial Oﬃcer (00:00:47):  Thank you Mihir. Thank you very much for 
arranging Q3 earnings call with the investors.  A warm good aŌernoon to all the,  parƟcipants. 
aƩendees or investors.  Here,  here in douchey CFO from Rolex rings.  I'm there with,  our MD, Mr. 
Manesh Madeka, and whole Ɵme director, Mr. Mihir Madeka. As you people are very much aware that,  
the economy or rather the. And then the phase where,  the overall engineering and,  these things are 
being passed and parƟcularly the industries or a company who are a bit of,  having much of,  overseas 
share in terms of,  their revenue, parƟcularly from Europe and us. They are also having some kind of, 
more,  diﬃculƟes or rather more,  obstacles. What they are facing every quarter, they are expecƟng 
some beƩer, but, something new, something new,  has came up,  without,  taking much of this thing.  
I'll let you through the, ﬁnancials and the presentaƟon from the company. And thereaŌer, we can have 
a Q&A session. I'd like to update that revenue from operaƟons for the Q3.  Of the current ﬁscal,  
company has recorded net revenue of 259 crores, or rather, 260 crores. That is mainly, component 
sales and,  incenƟves, which was,  Q2 of this current ﬁscal. It was somewhere about 300 crore. And if 
we compare the same number for the corresponding  ﬁscal for the quarter,  it was 273 crore. In terms 
of EBITDA for the parƟcular Q3 quarter, we have recorded almost 21%, which was 24.4% in quarter 
two of ﬁve two ﬁve. And in the corresponding previous ﬁscal for the quarter, it was somewhere about 
20.5 percentage. In terms of PBT and Pat,  would like to tell that in quarter three of FY 25, my PBT was  
45 crores, which was 65 crore in Q2 of the current ﬁscal.And  50 crores in the same quarter,  for the 
corresponding previous year. Here, I would like to tell you, and as we have already,   submiƩed a note 
on our,  results also that this parƟcular quarter, my Pat has gone down because of an addiƟonal 
extraordinary item provision of,  18.6 crores, which is amount what we are providing,  towards the 
liability of right of recompense are to our lenders for the debt restructuring. What we did,  in 2013,  by 
forgeƫng to our revenues,  surprisingly, our bearing rings,  segment is decreasing compared to 
increase incremental of auto components.  In this for the nine months, my overall,  auto component 
share was 55% in terms of revenue and 45% in terms of bearings. Here I would like to menƟon,  this 
raƟo has just reversed because of the drasƟc reducƟon in overall bearing rings market, whether it is 
domesƟc, whether it is overseas, that is because of the raƟo of auto components has gone up 
signiﬁcantly. Or we can say bearing has gone down in terms of,  overseas and domesƟc operaƟons. My 
Exports were somewhere about 48% for this nine months, and 52% are in the domesƟc. Here also, we 
have a bit of the slight changing, or rather the numbers are swapping over there where the domesƟc 
revenue has increased. That is mainly because of certain, auto component business and  reducƟon in 
exports market,  signiﬁcantly for the bearing ring segment. That is why the uh raƟo of 52% is there in 
domesƟc and  exports 48%. Here, I would like to update our investors. That,  company is very much 
conﬁdent and posiƟve for the coming ﬁscal because of the new awards, new business, what we have 
already received, the nominaƟon program has already been received with the company. And, we have 
given the indicaƟve or rather, almost a forecast. What has been given by our customers for the various 

geography that is parƟcularly from Europe, LaƟn America, North America, and even from the domesƟc 
market. If I tell you,  in terms of segment,  there are there is a one big customer having mulƟple plant 
locaƟon in Europe and LaƟn America. They are into auto and even the auto components for the EV 
wherein we expect and  this expectaƟon, what we have menƟoned over here, that is purely on the 
basis of the nominaƟon, what they have told,  it is,  this parƟcular one customer, it is somewhere 
about,  80 crore rupees of the,  components. What we are planning to dispatch in next ﬁscal, for the 
another customer,  based at LaƟn America, for the auto component segment. TentaƟvely, 25 crore 
rupees of the business or dispatch is addiƟonal what we are going to make to this new customer again 
from the North America. Another customer 25 crore odd for the Europe. Good part that we have also 
developed  bearing ring uh customers also wherein we are expecƟng 30 odd crores, something  
revenue for these new customers in the,  next ﬁscal. Again in domesƟc also, we have,  goƩen 
nominaƟon from foreign auto components,  to the tune of,  ten crore rupees something what we are 
planning to dispatch in the next ﬁscal same way in domesƟc bearing segment again, almost seven and 
a half odd crore something. What we are planning to,  dispatch addiƟonally in the next ﬁscal,  would 
like to tell that, as I as I menƟoned, that all these orders are either from the new customers or the new 
programs given by our exisƟng customers. So that is all put together. Somewhere about 175 odd crore 
business. Deﬁnitely it will be added to the annual revenue of these,  ﬁscal in the FY 26,  parƟcularly 
when we are,  iniƟaƟng the project, the generally the ﬁrst year, the project volume or the ramp up is 
to the extent of 25 to 30%, something like that. Here I would like to indicate that when I am saying 25 
to 30%, obviously, if these things will go up and then in FY 27 again, company would be having maybe 
50 to 60% of the ramp up,  to these new programs. In terms of,  bifurcaƟon or revenue mix.  In in the 
applicaƟon,  again, my  passenger vehicle segment has increased. That is 46%,  industrial, 17.3%. Here 
again, the bearing ring industrial overseas business signiﬁcantly aﬀected. That is why the percentage 
has gone down.  In terms of commercial vehicle achieves for the domesƟc or  us, we are almost at par 
and we are at the same level, which is 29% EV and hybrid segment is somewhere about 7.7%. So if I 
talk about total revenue from the operaƟons,  for the nine months, it is 871 crores, which was in the 
previous ﬁscal 12 122 crores. Again, by forgeƫng to that,  outside or overseas revenue is somewhere 
about 420 crores in the,  nine month ﬁgure and 450 crore for the domesƟc for,  Ɵll the date of this,  
December 24th,  the same number, it was 636 crore in the previous ﬁscal for the overseas business 
and 586 crore for the,  domesƟc business. Comparing the annual numbers of EBITDA, this for the nine 
months company has recorded,  EBITDA of 207 crore, which is 23.3%. Last ﬁscal it was 277 crore, which 
was 22.4%. Here the we had,  bit of addiƟonal EBITDA margin. Talking in terms of PBT or Pat. For the 
nine months, company has recorded 119 crore rupees of Pat.  Vis a vis PBT of 177 crore. It was in 
previous ﬁscal 156 crore. Pat and PBT was 242 crores. The reducƟon of Pat. Again, as I menƟoned you, 
that is an addiƟonal provision of 18.6 crore. And bit of reducƟon in overall uh revenue of the company, 
which has also been increased. My ﬁxed ﬁxed cost absorpƟon. That is why the number has bit reduced 
operaƟng cash ﬂow.  Company is having a sound cash ﬂow even in the ﬁrst half of this ﬁscal.  Company  
had almost 124 odd crore rupees operaƟng,  net operaƟng cash inﬂow, which is,  if I say as on 24. It is 
some in between, somewhere about 150 to 160 crores of operaƟng net operaƟng cash inﬂow debt.  
Needless to say that for last almost one one and a half year company is into net negaƟve debt and 
company has signiﬁcantly reduced. Or rather what you can say it's a zero debt company, and company 
has already having some kind of cash surplus with them, obviously, because of my,  pat reducƟon and,  
having such kind of extraordinary,  provisions for the RR and those things, my ROE for the,  this ﬁscal, 
we are expecƟng beƩer downside. If we compare,  quarterly revenue of,  this parƟcular two quarter, I 
was almost,  down by in terms of total revenue reduced by 5%. And if we compare corresponding 

quarter of previous ﬁscal, it is somewhere about   15 per,  sorry,  8% compared to the,  December 23rd. 
And in terms of overall nine months number,  my overall revenue has just reduced by,  2.9%. Proﬁt 
before tax compared to the previous quarter. It has almost,  down by,  10%. If we say for the,  10%, 
that is comparing to the December 24th, which is December, December 23rd, which is December 24th, 
in terms of overall,  with comparison of quarter two, it was 65 crore and it has reduced to 45 crore in 
this quarter, mainly because of certain,  ﬁxed cost absorpƟon and  bit of Bit of addiƟonal depreciaƟon 
and are certain to the certain level of change of my product mix site. Revenue. As I already menƟoned, 
are comparaƟvely, we are almost on the same verge what we had for the ﬁscal 24. I'm talking about 
annualized number. So we are planning to,  have more or less the same kind of number. But as I said 
earlier, that company is very much posiƟve for the next ﬁscal as we got this,  nominaƟons. What I have 
already menƟoned, we got this,  orders and conﬁrmed dispatch planning from our customers,  which 
would be,  implemenƟng which would be,  come to the paper on next ﬁscal. These are the numbers 
of,  balance sheet, what we have already given in detail. I will not take these numbers individually, or 
rather this number in detail.  Thank you very much for paƟent hearing.  Mihir I request, if you can,  
iniƟate,  the Q and A?  
Moderator: (00:14:55) Thank you, sir, for the opening remarks. So we will now open the ﬂoor for Q&A. 
Anyone who wants to ask a quesƟon can please use your raise your hand opƟon. Once you are done 
asking your opƟon, please lower your hand. We'll wait for a couple of minutes for the Q to assemble 
and then we may start. Yeah. So the ﬁrst quesƟon is from the line of Jason Soane. And sir, you have 
been unmuted and you can go ahead.  
Jason Soane (00:15:32):  Yeah, Okay. Thanks for the opportunity.  First. First, I just wanted to hear. 
didn't. Hiren sir, I just wanted to know the absolute numbers. You know, the usual breakup, which you 
give for bearing rings and auto components, domesƟc and export. So for nine months, for 25, what 
would that be? And scrap export windmill as well. 
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial Oﬃcer (00:15:54) : Okay.  In terms of domesƟc bearing ring, my nine 
month number is somewhere about 247 crores. In terms of domesƟc auto component, it is 134 crore. 
Export bearing ring 116, 116, auto components overseas 303 crore uh scrap is 59 crore for this nine 
months ﬁgures. And uh export incenƟves is somewhere about,  12 crores for this nine months.  
Jason Soane (00:16:25):  I assume windmill income wouldn't be there.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:16:28) : No. Windmill income is not there because,  that is being,  
nulliﬁed against my power and fuel cost.  
Jason Soane (00:16:36): Sure sir, thanks for that. And,  so I just wanted to understand, you know, of 
course, our Bearing Reins performance has taken a hit. And similarly, industrial contribuƟon also has 
gone down. So, I mean, when we look at look back at it, you know, we have looked at the big three 
doing signiﬁcant CapEx for localizaƟon in India. So just wanted to know what has what is ailing the 
segment probably. Is there some delay in the CapEx plans? Why do you see some industrial weakness, 
you know, pulling the bearings? Just wanted to know the reasons and dig deeper for this. 
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:17:13): Yeah, to truly say that,  the big players in are bearing ring,  
segments. They are,  in the expansion mode. But let me tell you that this expansion has signiﬁcantly,  
it they have reduced the pace of,  this expansion and they got certain deferment also, because if you 
see their domesƟc or rather their overall numbers are also,  got hit in this parƟcular,  third quarter and 

the things have been deferred and,  it, it is going through a bit slow,  compared to the early one. And 
they have also, you know,  with one of our main customer when we were just,  checking they have 
also,  you know, cut down their CapEx in two phase, which something what they want to,  do it on one 
phase. Now they have deferred by almost six, six months to one year again, depending and looking to 
the,  you know, the overseas scenario,  parƟcularly from the Europe,  market, so that there is a slight 
reducƟon and slight, deferment of this program. I would like to request Mr. Mihir Madeka to throw 
some more light on this.  
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:18:28):  And one of the biggest bearing player in the world recently, they have 
acquired a very big Group.  In. So now almost that group is having a turnover of,  I can say,  60% or 50. 
Yeah. 50 to 60% of what that group was doing earlier. So they have acquired that group. And that is 
the reason there is a bit delay, because the very big team from them, they are  they visited our facility 
recently and  now what they are saying that from this year aŌer,  maybe 2 or 3 months means for our 
ﬁnancial year when it will start from April, May, the things is going to move fast because now they have 
merged and they have already made the plans,  to expand in India and to move some of the faciliƟes 
from their,  Europe and some other conƟnent. They are going to move here in India. And also they are 
going to have some addiƟons, more addiƟons.  
Jason Soane (00:19:40): Sure, sure. So thanks for that. So but just some color I mean the progress is 
slow domesƟcally as well as more, but it's more to do with the internaƟonal demand being slow, 
especially  
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:19:52): In Europe demand is weak.  
Jason Soane (00:19:55): Yeah. Very very solid. Okay. Okay. Sure. Sure. Okay.  
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:19:59): And due to that, it is impacƟng India, right?  
Jason Soane (00:20:02): Yes. Yes. And also just also with regards to this 186 million which we had 
booked for the raw expense, do we,  you know, anƟcipate any other charge in this year itself? Last year 
we had this charge of around three, 20 million in the last quarter of the Q4. So do we expect any more 
charge for this ROR going into Q4?  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:20:28) : See here.  Yeah. Here in Russia. Here.  See what we did, or 
rather, the on the basis of the approval leƩer from CDR cell and the sacriﬁce, what these lenders have 
made,  what we are in impression and what we got some kind of, you know, feedback and some kind 
of guidance,  in this maƩer that maximum what we are expecƟng, the liability for this kind of thing is 
to the extent of 50.60 crore. So considering that we have,  provided when we got an leƩer from our 
lenders,  though the lenders have demanded signiﬁcantly high, but,  because,  on the basis of the 
agreements, on the basis of the,  sancƟons and the approval leƩer of CDR.  What we are having,  
posiƟve, conﬁdence that it would be restricted to 50.60 crore. And that is why we have provided the 
enƟre amount. Now if there are certain ah ah while calculaƟng these things in detail while negoƟaƟng 
with the lenders, this ﬁgure may, they may,  you know, are going to ask bit on that some addiƟonal,  
component on the delay of,  this from 2022 to 2024 or 2025 Ɵll the Ɵme of ﬁnal payment. So those 
things,  which is bit unexpected or rather,  not able to tell you as of now. 

Jason Soane (00:22:02) :  Okay. So but just to clarify, 50, 60 crores, which you menƟoned. So 50 has 
been taken oﬀ 32 crores last year. Yes. Now. So, so that 50 has been covered. But you you never know. 
With the negoƟaƟons, more expense could be incurred, right? That's what you're saying?  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial(00:22:18)  : Yes.  
Jason Soane (00:22:19): Okay. Okay. Sure, sure. And so last..  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:22:21): But that again, I think by the end of next,  quarter end,  
maybe by the march, though, we are pushing with our bankers to close it down even before the end 
of March, and we would like to pay it oﬀ. The claim of ROR so that it will, or rather it will open many 
doors which are closed as of now. So we are very much pushing or rather behind with the all lenders.  
Jason Soane (00:22:46): Okay. Sure, sir. And just lastly, just wanted to understand in terms of sir, you 
have menƟoned you have won quite a few orders in the last two quarters. So any revenue guidance 
you would want to,  you know,  give for 26, 27.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:23:05)  : Sorry.  
Jason Soane (00:23:06): Hello?  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:23:07): Yeah. 
Jason Soane (00:23:08):: Yeah. What I menƟoned is, sir, you have menƟoned some orders, you know, 
which you have won in the last two quarters. So just in light of that and on the back of that, would you,  
want to give any revenue guidance for 26 and 27 for FY 26 and 27?  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:23:22): I already told that, you know, this 175 75 crore something. 
It's then starƟng size, or rather the,  you know,  in the volume of the business in the ﬁrst year now in,  
more than 50% of the project, this the value what I have shown is somewhere about 30, 35% of their 
revenue. Generally in the second ﬁscal, that,  30% ﬁgure will go up to 50, 60% or something like that. 
So,  we are expecƟng,  if I will not,  tell you the precise number, but we are expecƟng on this 175 crore 
addiƟonal of somewhere about,  you know,  25 to 30%,  addiƟonal supply for FY 27.  
Jason Soane (00:24:16): Okay. Okay. Sure sir. Okay. No, but you just menƟoned that 25 to 30% if the 
ﬁrst year ramp up is 1750, then The subsequent ramp up will double it, right? I mean, if it goes to  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:24:29) : May not to double it, sir. Exactly. But it will it will go up to 
say you can say somewhere about 250 crores.  
Jason Soane (00:24:36): Okay. Okay. Sure. Okay. Thanks, sir. Those are all my quesƟons. Thank you.  
Moderator (00:24:45): Yeah. So, before taking the next quesƟon, a reminder to parƟcipants to use the 
raise hand funcƟon for Q&A. Our next quesƟon is from the line of Nikhil Kale.  Nikhil, you have been 
unmuted. You can go ahead.  
Nikhil Kale (00:25:00): Yeah. Hi.  Am I audible?  
Moderator (00:25:03): Yes.  

Nikhil Kale (00:25:05): Yeah.  Yeah. Thank you for taking my quesƟon.  Just one clariﬁcaƟon. You 
menƟoned the 175 crore order book. That or order win that you've,  given for FY 26.  That is the annual 
value. And you expect 25, 30% of that coming in FY 26, or is it the 25, 30% for that?  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:25:25) : No. This is the 175 crore. I see I told even that in certain,  
programs, the ﬁrst year is 50-60% what they are asking. So obviously it would not be,  double in the 
next year, but the overall number of 175 crore. What we have,  menƟoned, I am expecƟng addiƟonal 
50 to 75 crores in that volume for,  considering all these programs for the next ﬁscal.  
Nikhil Kale (00:25:56) : Understood. Understood. And, sir, I mean, you menƟoned that these are 
completely new terms, but in your,  exisƟng business, there will obviously, every year there will be 
some business that will kind of go oﬀ. Typically I mean, is there some sense on as a percentage? I mean, 
how much business does it kind of typically expire. And you have to kind of replace it.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:26:18) : See, we didn't have  much of the business Expiring. It is 
basically the reducƟon of overall volume of a parƟcular program or a parƟcular product. Now, if I tell 
you in terms of bearing rings, none of the bearing rings components, what we are supplying to our 
customers who are into industrial applicaƟons and so on, it's not like that one parƟcular ABC 
component, what they were asking. Now it is zero it, but the volume has signiﬁcantly down, you can 
say 50% down  
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:26:52) : Because their their volume has been reduced, decreased.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:25:56) : And the earliest program which is expiring ah is 
somewhere about ah, maybe in 2028 from one customer. But by the Ɵme we will be having, new 
programs or new plants for the same customers.  
Nikhil Kale (00:27:13): Okay. But just kind of understanding this bearing rings exports decline that 
you've seen,  It is this kind of across customers or there was some one customer you menƟoned that 
there has been some issues there where they've kind of done this merger. Are you seeing this kind of 
volume decline across customers?   
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:27:33) : If we say,  majoriƟes from the one parƟcular group of the 
customers, but again, in other customers also,  we are facing reducƟon of 25, 30% over there, but one 
parƟcular customer might be reducing 45 to 50%, but the other customers also have some kind of  
reducƟon,   25 to 25%. So overall, all the customers are facing,  this,  downfall.  
Nikhil Kale (00:28:03): And fair to say, this decline is also a funcƟon of,  destocking. That would have 
happened, right? The end market demand wouldn't be this week.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:28:11): Now, the destocking would not be as much of the issue, 
but overall, their,  producƟon schedule, their,  you know, dispatch is to their principal OEMs. And this 
thing, those were signiﬁcantly reduced.  
Nikhil Kale (00:28:24): Understood. Last quesƟon that I mean, then going forward, when do you expect 
this to kind of boƩom out and probably stabilize and then kind of start increasing going forward? I 
mean, is this this decline kind of conƟnue for like maybe a couple of more quarters? How are you 
looking at it?  

Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:28:40) : Sir it is a bit diﬃcult. You beƩer know the how the 
situaƟons and the the things are moving at overseas. And  this parƟcular downfall major chunk is from 
the overseas and again from the Europe and the US,  conƟnent and,  because of disturbance over 
there.  It is a bit diﬃcult to tell you that it may last for another,  one quarter or so, but,  as I told you, 
that we have also added,  one couple of bearing ring customers for the European market. So which 
may give some kind of recoup or some kind of recompense, but to geƫng back to the normal level of 
my overall banking business. I think we need a couple of quarters or something like that.  
Nikhil Kale (00:29:30): No, I mean, I was thinking that you'll be geƫng like, purchase orders or 
something, right? So at least you can get some understanding or some trend that, okay, this this is now 
kind of stabilizing at a parƟcular level.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:2947) : See as of now, also the indicaƟon or the forecast, what 
they have given for the  March quarter or something like that. We, we had we, we have some kind of,  
posiƟve move over there, but not in a signiﬁcant way.  
Nikhil Kale (00:29:57): Okay. Understood. Understood. Thank you.  
Moderator (00:30:02): Yeah. We have our next quesƟon from Abir. Abir, you can go ahead. 
Abir (00:30:13): So, am I audible? So this is I my ﬁrst quesƟon was on a ROR provision which is less 
than the ROR sacriﬁce that the bank made of 83.6 crore. So on what basis are we assuming that the 
bank will forgo its principal amount? Or are we thinking of adding incremental provisions as we go 
forward?  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:30:39): Sir as I menƟoned earlier also that in my CDR approval or 
rather the CDR cell, the parƟcular package or the  it was approved,  wherein the sacriﬁce value was 
stated bank wise lender sacriﬁce, which uh aggregaƟng to 50.6 crore. And  now the demand what the 
bank has raised  even as you are speciﬁcally asking for 83 crores in even in that 83 crores. We have 
already,  raised,  our observaƟon concerns with the couple of banks, which is to the tune of,  
somewhere about 10 to 11 crores, which they have charge in excess, which they have recovered, 
recovered in excess. And that deﬁnitely we are going to get back that,  into our overall,  debt. Now 
coming back to 73 to 50.6. Again, the method of calculaƟon, what they did and the method of 
calculaƟon, what company did with the help of certain,  certain consultants.  That is again,  debatable. 
And it would,  you know, on the discreƟon of the lenders. And we are going to once we sit on across 
the table with them, that that can be or rather, that will be ﬁnalized. And obviously, if any addiƟonal 
this thing that will come to the coming quarter,  we expect, as I told you earlier, also, that we are 
pushing this thing to ﬁnish it by March 25th or so. As and company would like to seƩle this thing with 
the one shot payment,  kind of oats, this thing. So we are expecƟng much of the,  rebate or a waiver 
in that parƟcular,  amount of 73 crore. What we have requested to the lenders.  
Abir(00:32:30): Understood.  My second quesƟon would be, are we losing any kind of wallet shares 
with our client, given that there's a 50% kind of decline in export bearing? Is that something we should 
be concerned about?   
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:32:44): We are not losing our wallet share, you know, It's not, as I 
told earlier. Also, it's not that some products they were sourcing from me, now they have started,  from 
somewhere else. There might be,  what you say out of ten components. Maybe my customer might 

have,  discard one product and they may got these product from somewhere else or something. But 
again, that is very few components. And  in the In the parƟcular bearing ring segment are from. But 
apart from that, we didn't have, you know, reducing the wallet share. But the quantum of the volume 
has gone down. That is the main reason.  
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:33:24) : So once it will be up, deﬁnitely again, we will have those orders. 
Abir (00:33:30): Understood. And my last quesƟon would be on falling EBITDA margin. So is it just a 
funcƟon of scale that despite of power and fuel cost it's going down? Or is there something else there 
or? 
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial(00:33:40) :  Deﬁnitely the major porƟon is are decreasing the scale. 
And again, I would like to tell you that bit of change in product mix, parƟcularly in this quarter, 
December 24th quarter that has impacted us again, apart from that,  my, you know, the,  renewable 
energy,  revenue,  that is from windmill and solar.  This is a something slowdown period for this 
parƟcular Segment. And whereas my certain ﬁxed cost has already been there and those are being less 
absorbed. So these are the mulƟple reasons for reducƟon in my overall EBITDA. Q on Q basis, I  
Abir (00:34:25): Understood. Thank you and all the best.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:34:;27):  Thank you.  
Moderator(00:34:29): Next quesƟon is a follow up from Jason. So, Jason, you have been allowed to 
talk and you have been unmuted. 
Jason Soane (00:34:39):  Yes. Thanks for the opportunity again. So I just wanted to,  ask,  since we have 
exposure to both bearings and automoƟve components,  with the increasing adopƟon of EVs,  you 
know, just wanted to know, does that open up more opportuniƟes for us? And, you know, more 
precision auto components or bearings? I think more so, more to do with auto components. Just 
wanted to know your thoughts on that in terms of beƩer and more higher engineered products, higher 
margin for you, especially.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:35:13) :  Yes. See,  Jason, if you have seen that, you know, the new 
program, what we have awarded, there are,  two, 3 to 4 programs, which is,  belongs to the EV,  
segment. But let me tell you the, the way what we were expecƟng and what we were envisaging, the,  
curve of moving EV,  segment up, that has also been,  what you say is bit stagnant as of now. But at 
the same side, what we are,  geƫng opportunity for the passenger vehicle and or rather the non EV 
or IC segment,  in the overseas and domesƟc both. So there, there is a demand in terms of those kind 
of vehicles also. Deﬁnitely we are open to have EV hybrid. Uh Both. And we do have that kind of 
versaƟle capacity. But as of now, the new order. What? We are winning, you know. That is, you can say, 
almost 65% for the,  other than EV hybrid.  
Jason Soane (00:36:17): Is you're seeing the new orders basically are for the non EV segment right.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:36:22) :  Non EV is somewhere about 65% compared to the EV 
segment. Even in one of the major domesƟc player of  you know, car manufacturer, the way they, they 
came up or rather the, the way they have,  exposed to this thing that ev would be this, that,  now what 
they were expecƟng again, it is not as per their expectaƟon, but being slightly,  having upward trend 

in the coming quarters. And I have menƟoned in my list also that one of the domesƟc auto,  customer  
for the EV, we got an order.  
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:36:58): So this is the ramp up year for that customer, and we already started. 
So from next month we have a good volume for them and it is going to going to ramp up in that. Also, 
the EV volume is say 66% and 33% is the IC, volume. Out of what they are, they are going giving us the 
schedule and they are showing that the, the the car is got a very good response and they got a good 
order book. And so it is good. So from next month,  our bulk supply is going to start basically.  
Jason Soane (00:37:43): I am sure this customer which you just spoke about that's more on the 
domesƟc side or on the more on  
Mr. Mihir Madeka  (00:37:50): DomesƟc they are domesƟc OEM, carmaker  
Jason Soane (00:37:52):  DomesƟc. Okay, sure. Thanks, sir. That was,  all from my side.  
Moderator (00:38:00): So we have our next quesƟon from Kush Nahar. Kush, you have been unmuted, 
and you can go.  
Kush (00:38:07): Sure sir, thank you for the opportunity. Inaudible. Yeah. Yeah. So my ﬁrst quesƟon is 
on these tariﬀs, I think the US tariﬀs that might be in India and other countries. So what is our stance 
on that. And you know will it aﬀect our export business. Since exports is a 55%,  revenue mix for.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:38:33) :  See as of now the tariﬀs and are the HSN parƟcularly the 
product wise,  list what they have published out or rather they came out.  Fortunately, there is a hardly 
one component,  wherein we may have some kind of,  you know,  this,  duty hike would be there, but 
again,  that will not be, you know, Are aﬀected in overall value and even to my customer, because that's 
not a very big,  signiﬁcant,  volume or signiﬁcant value over there. So as of now, we didn't have,  much 
of the, you know,  any,  negaƟve as far as this tariﬀ declaraƟon is,   like to say we shall.  
Kush (00:39:30): All right. And the second quesƟon was, what kind of recovery like, Ɵmeline wise, if 
you could guide us considering the reducƟon in volume, when do we expect some upƟck or some 
posiƟve move in terms of volume delivery for us?   
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:39:44) :  We expect in next ﬁscal, as I menƟoned you, that with 
the help of the addiƟonal new program and the, you know,   addiƟonal volume to be increased, the 
scale of economy will increase, which will give me the top line, boƩom line, Bishop,  in the next ﬁscal 
yeah. 
Kush (00:40:04): Geƫng around 15-20% revenue growth. Is that right?  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:40:09) :  Yes yes yes yes yes. We are expecƟng the same.  
Kush (00:40:13) : And margins coming back once the scale comes back to around 22, 23%.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:40:18) :  Yes, 10%. It would be right.  
Kush (00:40:21): All right sir. Thank you.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:40:23):  Thank you.  
Moderator (0040:26): Yeah. We have our next quesƟon from Dhruv BhaƟa. Dhruv, you may go ahead.   

Dhruv BhaƟa (00:40:33) : Hi. Good aŌernoon sir. So I have two quesƟons.  You know, you've talked 
about an annual business expected from 26, indicaƟve of about 175 crores.  In your best 
understanding, because of the uncertainty that's there in the overall market, you know, enƟre demand 
across diﬀerent regions.  What is, you know, your probability of you, you know, converƟng this 175 into 
actual revenue. I mean, is there the visibility ability to conﬁrm their for having this enƟre 175 converted 
into revenue, or is there a risk of this geƫng postponed to some extent?  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:41:10):  Sir as of now, the forecast and the dialogues, or rather the 
conversaƟon with these customers and the way they are, you know, approving the TP app and all these 
things in a quick manner.  Again,  no doubt we,  my customers have given me some addiƟonal or rather 
the  higher number of,  this forecast, but conservaƟvely, what we try to menƟon or,  this 175 crore, 
again, if you ask me, to the best of,  this thing,  I think we didn't expect,  maybe deviaƟon of 10% or 
more than that.  
Dhruv BhaƟa (00:41:47) : Okay. And because you've won these orders,  you know, maybe in the last 
year or so,  are these orders come at a proﬁtability at where we stand today equal to or worse oﬀ or 
beƩer oﬀ than what we've been doing in the past? 
 Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:42:04) :  Yes. Yes, deﬁnitely. Because the,  orders, what we are 
geƫng or the customers, what we try to tap,  we we we will be having the same kind of margin and,  
we are not compromising on the margin front as far as,  this thing because of our,  high technology 
and the high precision level, we are able to get the,  opƟmum margin.  
Dhruv BhaƟa (00:42:27): Okay. And so the last quesƟon, you know, because when you when all your 
customers, a large part of them are,  global, you know,  companies and, and they have plants across 
diﬀerent regions,  you know, generally the thought process of any, you know, global player would be 
to ﬁrst absorb exisƟng capaciƟes in diﬀerent regions to a certain level where ﬁxed cost gets covered, 
and then you start ramping up. Right. And hence, because if Europe is, you know, soŌ and many other 
regions are soŌ,  they would want to get catered to and, you know, ramp up those capaciƟes more 
than what India could. So in that context, is there again a risk of of, you know, you being able to service 
their requirements because it could be coming from some other source?  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:43:13):  See, ﬁrst of all, we didn't foresee much of the threat as far 
as their, you know, own capacity for forging and this thing because couple of big players have already 
announced and they have started closing down their forging faciliƟes, and maybe a couple of have 
already started to close their enƟre plant, and they are moving towards India and low cost country. So 
we didn't expect much of these,  disturbances as far as their,  capacity of forging or this thing, because 
there are hardly 1 or 2,  players are there having couple of plants in which they are able to produce 
this rings or auto components. So we didn't expect much of the thing.  
Dhruv BhaƟa(00:43:53) : Understood. Thank you. And all the best.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial(00:43:55):  Yeah. Yeah.  
Moderator (00:43:58): So we have our next quesƟon from the line of Kush. Kush, you can go ahead. 
Kush you are not audible.  
Kush (00:44:13): Yeah. Thank you for the follow up opportunity. So my quesƟon was you menƟoned 
that I think out of ten one product was given to some other compeƟtor. So was this due to some quality 

issue from us, our side or was the other more, you know, locaƟon they had a locaƟon advantage or 
anything like that. If you can elaborate on that.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:44:33): Yeah. I'll, I'll, I'll request Mihir to..  
Mihir Madeka (00:44:36): See this this statement.  It was because of maybe out of maybe ten, maybe 
one or maybe out of 50, maybe 2 or 3 Ɵmes. Maybe customer has diverted due to maybe pricing or 
whatever. Never with due to quality. Okay. So, but 99% whatever varying ring business is down, it is 
not because of,  the,  diversity means like shiŌing from one supplier to the another. It is because really 
there are market scenario is not good means they have lose the business. It means their their customer 
like OEM what they predicted the volumes or what they were having the volumes month on month, it 
has been reduced. So the moment that will pick up momentum will come. Deﬁnitely that business will 
again will start with us only.  
Kush (00:45:35): Right. Okay. So  
Mihir Madeka (00:45:38): 99% they are not producing the bearing at the moment.  
Kush (00:45:42): Okay sir. Thanks.  
Mihir Madeka (00:45:46): Yeah. So. So you might have heard also  in last you I can say last six months 
or so. My customer has even stopped their line. Many lines for 15 days, one month conƟnuously means 
every month they were swapping their line for 15 days. Then they run for 15 days. Again they will stop 
for 15 days. Otherwise they cannot stop the line even for an hour. It is a huge cost to stop the bearing 
line for one hour.  
Kush (00:46:17): Right.  Thank you. Thank you.  
Moderator (00:46:19): So reminder to the parƟcipants. You may use the raise hand funcƟon to ask 
quesƟon.  
Unknown spearker (00:46:29): So there are two quesƟons from my side. So so basically the orders 
which you highlighted. So do we require any addiƟonal CapEx on that or are we already equipped.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:46:45)  No we are we are already equipped with these things. And 
for this volume, we didn't,  require,  Signiﬁcant CapEx, maybe to the tune of,  ﬁve seven crore rupees 
something. What? We are going to have it. But down the line one and a half, two years when this 
volume will, you know, mulƟfold, then we may need a CapEx. Again, not a signiﬁcant CapEx, but maybe 
to the tune of  20 to 30 crores or something like that.  
Unknown spearker (00:47:17): Right. And so,  based on this,  do we,  like any revenue guidance for the 
fourth quarter, are we on track to go towards the 300 crore odd ﬁgure in the fourth quarter?  How is 
the tracƟon right now?  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:47:28):  Yes. So broadly, even,  iniƟally I told that my annual 
number something what I am expecƟng with the last ﬁscal number. So we are trying our best to match,  
that annual number and,  crossing this,  300 crore in,  last quarter.  
Unknown spearker (00:47:44): Alright. So okay, that's all from there, as there are no further quesƟons, 
I'll hand it over to the management for the closing remarks.  

Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:47:54) Thank you, thank you, thank you very much for their paƟent 
hearing for this investor. I would like to request,  our MD, Mr. Manesh Madeka , to say a few words and 
to closing remarks on that.  
Mr. Manesh Madeka (00:48:07): Looking to the current nominaƟon, what we have got and simple 
submission is going on. We feel that our in future we may have good business with good proﬁtability 
because most of the nominaƟon, what we have got is from auto component and for export in Europe 
and USA. So many nominaƟon projects are going on. At present we are submiƫng sample and as you 
know in automoƟve we take one year, one and a half year to start the bulk supply. So we are very 
hopeful that our future is bright. 
Moderator (00:48:56):  Thank you sir. So this marks the end of the call by  
Mr. Manesh Madeka (00:48:58): FY2027 We expect very good growth in the ﬁnancial year 2027. 15 to 
18% growth we are expecƟng next year. Looking to the nominaƟon what we have been we have 
received.  
Mr. Hiren Doshi Chief Financial (00:49:30):  Thank you Manesh sir. Thank you very much for your 
paƟent hearing. And is there any further queries or concerns, I request team Equirus or the parƟcular  
aƩendees. They can send an email to us and company is going to reply on that. Thank you. Thank you 
very much.  
Moderator (00:49:45): Thank you. Thank you. 
 
