 
 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 524558 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: NEULANDLAB; Series: EQ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings call conducted on February 11, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings call for the quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2024, conducted on February 11, 2025. Also please note that this 
transcript of the call has been uploaded on our website. 
 
The weblink to access it: 
https://www.neulandlabs.com/en/investors/investor-meetings/transcripts  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neuland Laboratories Limited 
 
 
Sarada Bhamidipati 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
SARADA 
BHAMIDIPATI
Digitally signed by 
SARADA BHAMIDIPATI 
Date: 2025.02.14 14:45:23 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Neuland Laboratories Limited Q3 and 9MFY25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUCHETH DAVULURI - VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SAHARSH DAVULURI - VICE CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. ABHIJIT MAJUMDAR - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SAJEEV EMMANUEL MEDIKONDA – HEAD, 
CORPORATE PLANNING & STRATEGY 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAVI UDESHI – ERNST & YOUNG 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Neuland Laboratories Limited Q3 and 
9MFY25 Earnings Conference Call.. 
As a reminder, all participle lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch-tone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Udeshi from Ernst & Young. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Ravi Udeshi: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good evening, friends. We welcome you to the Q3 and 9MFY25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Neuland Laboratories Limited. 
To take us through the results and to answer your questions, we have with us the Top 
Management from Neuland, represented by Mr. Sucheth Davuluri – Vice Chairman & CEO; 
Mr. Saharsh Davuluri – Vice Chairman & Managing Director; Mr. Abhijit Majumdar – CFO; 
and Mr. Sajeev Emmanuel Medikonda – Head, Corporate Planning and Strategy. 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the financials by Mr. Abhijit Majumdar and then 
Saharsh will give you broad highlights of the business trends and what he is playing in the market 
and post this we will open up the call for the Q&A session. 
As usual, the standard safe harbor clause applies as we start the call. With that said, I now hand 
over the floor to Abhijit. Over to you, Abhijit. 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
Thank you very much, Ravi and a good evening and warm welcome to each of you for joining 
our call. 
The financials are as follows for Q3. 
Total income is Rs. 401.9 crores which is a slight increase of 1.8% year-on-year as compared to 
Rs. 395 crores in the same period. This growth was driven primarily by the prime GDS and 
specialty business. As said consistently that the, like to point out that the inherent nature of our 
overall business is uneven on a quarter-on-quarter basis. As we mentioned in earlier calls FY25 
is expected to be flat. Our EBITDA excluding exceptional items of Rs. 55.8 crores stood at Rs. 
90.3 crores with a margin of 22.5%.The decrease in contribution is attributed to the business mix 
and increase in operational expenditure leading to a decrease in EBITDA in Q3FY25 as 
compared to Q3FY24 where the EBITDA stood at Rs. 122.7 crores. 
Now coming to the specifics. The gross margin for the quarter was 53.2% as compared to 59.8% 
in Q3FY24. This gross margin as always includes manufacturing expenses and other costs 
directly attributed to the product. The profit after tax was Rs. 101.4 crores as compared to Rs. 
80.7 crores in Q3FY24. This includes an exceptional item of Rs. 55.8 crores arising from the 
sale of investment property. The quarterly EPS stands at Rs. 79 per share. 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
For the 9MFY25 ended our revenue stands at Rs. 1,161.5 crores versus Rs. 1,180.8 crores, a 
marginal degrowth of 1.7%. EBITDA excluding exceptional items of Rs. 76.4 crores stood at 
Rs. 284.6 crores in the 9MFY25 as compared to Rs. 362 crores in 9MFY24. We continue to 
focus on cash to optimize our working capital which stands at 111 days of sales. We generated 
a free cash flow in the nine months of Rs. 70.8 crores. We also paid some of our term loan debt 
of around Rs. 27.2 crores. Consequently, our net debt position stands at a negative Rs. 185.1 
crores. 
As part of our investments, we have invested Rs. 147 crores in capital spends during the nine 
months and we are committed to balancing growth and profitability by continuously optimizing 
costs and processes to ensure long-term sustainability. While we expect FY25 to be flat, we 
remain confident that our business will regain momentum from FY26 based on significant order 
pipeline and customer demand. Overall, we continue to be cautiously optimistic about our future, 
potential that our business holds. 
With that, I would like to hand over the call to Saharsh for his remarks. Thank you very much. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Thanks, Abhijit. Good evening, everyone and welcome to the call. Over the years, Neuland has 
steadily established itself as a dedicated API solution provider, possessing in-depth expertise in 
extensive complex chemistry capabilities. And we're collaborating with both innovators as well 
as generic formulators to create a healthy world. 
So, before talking about this quarter, I would like to reiterate a few points which we have made 
in the past. Our business is uneven due to the inherent characteristics of the CDMO business, as 
well as the specialty GDS business, which is focused on small volume products. As a result, 
evaluating Neuland's trajectory on an annual basis is perhaps a more accurate measure than 
comparing quarter-to-quarter results. Again, there may be the odd year also where the trajectory 
will not be clear due to the specific mix or how products are taking off. However, the completion 
of manufacturing facilities coupled with the scaling up of commercial molecules on the CMS 
side gives us a great deal of confidence of achieving our stated objectives in FY26 and beyond.  
We continue to see increased interest in customers wanting to partner with Neuland as they look 
to bring in their innovative medicines to patients. And I think many ways this can be attributed 
to three factors. I think one is our reputation is continuing to grow as a result of the work we've 
done over the last couple of decades, especially on the CDMO business. Our business 
development teams who are also seeking new relationships are getting increasingly focused on 
finding the right opportunities that actually fit our long-term strategy. So, being very selective, 
very decisive in whom we want to work. The macroeconomic factors which we all have been 
talking about also have been favorable to us. And therefore, we are enthused by the range of 
customers expressing their interest in working with us. And that's what's kind of giving us 
excitement about this business. 
Coming to this quarter. The CMS revenues were about Rs. 156 crores as stated earlier. They 
were driven largely by molecules in the commercial segment. As indicated last quarter, one of 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
the molecules in the CMS segment got recently commercialized. We are seeing good traction in 
terms of early-stage projects as well as customers reverting to us with more projects in their 
pipeline. So, we expect the buoyancy in the CMS business to continue going forward and don't 
have any concerns at the moment. 
On the GDS side of the business, we remain focused on innovating new specialty products while 
optimizing processes and expanding market share for the key commercial API's. The specialty 
API business actually the growth is back on track this time If you recall the last quarter, I think 
the growth was weak and this is largely driven by Paliperidone and Dorzolamide this time. In 
the prime segment, the strong products for us this quarter were Mirtazapine, Ezetimibe and 
Escitalopram. And we are confident we are on course to meet the overall targets for the GDS 
segment for the year. 
I would like to emphasize the inherently variable nature of our business, which makes it 
challenging to provide any form of guidance. But having said that, in the manner in which the 
orders are currently taking shape, we expect FY25 to close on a relatively flat level, which is in 
line with the comments we had made last quarter as well.  
And on a side note, I am happy to share that Neuland has increased its S&P ESG rating to 70 
compared to 64, which was the previous rating we had. And further, Unit III, our newest 
manufacturing site, has recently been awarded the prestigious Sword of Honor award by the 
British Safety Council. 
Another reminder from our previous interactions, we continue to maintain that there are a variety 
of factors that could influence our projections. These include performance of individual 
products, foreign exchange fluctuations, raw material cost volatility, and other dynamics of the 
business. We are aware of these challenges and continue to monitor these variables very closely. 
Regarding future capacity building, we are progressing as planned towards completing the new 
production block in Unit III and expect to commence commercial production in FY26, which is 
also going as per plan. 
As many of our long-term investors know, Neuland has invested in the peptide space for the last 
15 to 17 years. We, in fact, have a team of around 50 peptide chemists who work in our R&D 
side, and they have delivered multiple projects at lab at small scale. We've now reached a 
juncture where we need to enhance our peptide capacity to scale our business to the next level, 
even as we have received a lot of interest from customers in our capabilities and as we all know 
peptides are being considered a new modality for increasing the number of therapies. So, this 
led to the announcement of the capacity enhancement for which you would have seen the press 
release and the disclosures. 
Neuland flexibility and agility are crucial for effectively responding to the business environment 
and our growth strategy remains focused on pursuing high value molecules from innovative 
companies, both on the CMS side and the GDS side. And we are committed to enhancing 
customer experience, which we believe that distinguishes us as a distinctive API provider. So, 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
our commitment to the future is evidenced by our investments in enhancing our capacities as 
well as capabilities adhering to our foundational values of customer centricity, agility and 
operational excellence. Neuland is well positioned to capitalize on long-term opportunities, even 
as we continue to navigate any short-term challenges that may come our way. 
So, having said this, Ravi, I request you to open it up for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  The first question comes from 
the line of Ayush Agarwal from MAPL Value Investing Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, sir and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my questions are on Bempedoic acid. I 
wanted to understand more on the supply chain. As I understand, there are two players currently 
marketing in distinct geographies and we share a relationship with the innovator. So, do we also 
share a relationship with the Europe partner because they are to shift their manufacturing supply 
chain to the Europe partner and can that affect us if we don't integrate ourselves in their supply 
chain? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Sorry, we will not comment on any specific CMS molecule. So, if you have any other questions 
We would be happy to answer them. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Okay on this one, maybe you can say what is the current capacity of Bempedoic acid and what 
are we expanding it to? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Sorry, Ayush. We don't respond to any questions on a specific CMS molecule because of the 
confidential nature of the business. So, therefore we would not be able to comment on any 
question that you ask about a specific CMS molecule. So, I would encourage you to ask a 
question about the CMS business or anything about it or about capacities in that front. But 
unfortunately we will not be able to answer any product specific question. I am really sorry about 
that. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Understood, I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, please restrict yourself to two questions per participant. The 
next question comes from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Good evening and thank you for taking my question. Just on the peptide announcement, Saharsh 
and team if you could, Rs. 254 crores is what I think we have articulated. So, how should we 
look at that in terms of what are the next steps in terms of the timelines? I know you don't talk 
specific clients but is this tied to a CMS client or are you doing it for the generic GLP-1? So, 
some color around the entire peptide project and when can we expect like timelines and 
monetization of these assets? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
So, the investment itself, it kind of spread across three different domains, largely for creating a 
new large scale manufacturing facility in unit one. But a small part of that approved investment 
is also for enhancing the capabilities of our existing peptide facility which is also located in unit 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
one. So, think of it more as a pilot scale peptide facility. And another small part of that approved 
CAPEX is for enhancing the R&D scale peptide capabilities. So, in many ways, this entire 
CAPEX, I would say majority is going into creating a large-scale facility which does not exist 
today. A small part into the pilot facility and a much smaller part into the R&D facility. And the 
idea is that with this investment, we will have seamless capabilities from lab to pilot to 
commercial for peptides. Having said that, the idea is to create facilities which would be usable 
for both the GDS business as well as the CMS business. And unlike some of the other 
investments, these are not product-specific investments. So, to your question, there is not one 
anchor product or one anchor customer for which this investment is being made. We are looking 
at it as an opportunistic investment to kind of take us into that peptide domain by giving us a 
larger piece of infrastructure. So, the plan is to file maybe two DMFs for the generics business. 
One of it would be a GLP-1 tirzepatide and this is public information. We've disclosed it before. 
And another peptide called difelikefalin. Both are generic peptides. These would be scaled up in 
that new facility and a DMF would be filed. Other than that, there are also CMS opportunities 
which are currently either under R&D or under discussions with customers. And those could 
potentially be future projects for that peptide facility. So, the idea is to have a mix of CMS and 
GDS projects and if the business continues to do well and we have successful projects, then there 
could be subsequent investments, which we will take up in the future years to further enhance 
the capacities. So, that's the broad overview of the investment. At the moment, we don't have 
any definitive visibility on revenues or products or cash flow. So, we will have to see how it 
goes. It will probably take 3 to 5 years to ramp up this investment. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Very helpful context. Just some follow-up. And I will take the second question if it is okay, is 
on when we talk about peptides are we also in GLP-1 category or these are broad-based these 
could be non GLP-1 as well? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think GLP-1 is also falls under the domain of our capabilities, it's a synthetic peptide so 
anything that's a synthetic peptide would fit into Neuland capabilities. Tirzepatide is one of the 
products we are developing for the generics market. That is actually a GLP-1 category product. 
The other GLP-1s we are evaluating, but it's too early to say. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Understood. Last question on this is on the size, the capacity right, we will probably reach 6.4 
kiloliters over time. First, in terms of landscape, if you look at the WuXi of the world they are 
at 40 KL going to 100KL. So, do you think this is a meaningful scale and will help you win 
orders globally? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think, Shyam, unlike our small molecule business, right, where 1,000 KL means something 
very definitive, in peptides, this whole KL business is a little tricky. So, I am not quite sure if 
it's an apples-to-apples comparison. From what we know about the space, and I think based on, 
you know, all the work we've done, we believe it's a substantial investment and it is a fairly large 
scale facility and it should provide meaningful volume of peptides. But yes, again, I don't know 
much about the infrastructure of WuXi, so it's difficult for me to compare, but I know it's a big 
jump up and it would probably be one of the large peptide facilities at least out of India. 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. 
Please go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Thanks for taking my question. Good afternoon, all. Only two questions I have. First is, any 
thoughts that you could share around this sudden kind of almost U-turn type of thinking from 
big pharma, big global innovators, they are now returning back to small molecule spaces. And 
there is a pattern developing. And this is not in the last one month or two. I mean, if you look 
what they have done over the last, let's say 18 months in particular, if not after COVID, there is 
a definite desire and intensity to come back to small molecules. I mean, is it related to patient 
compliance? The oral molecules are easier to administer or is it something to do with the cost or 
a combination? I mean, what is, because the reason I am asking is previously Big Pharma's 
statements was that biologics will rule the world and small molecules will be done and dusted 
with the R&D? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Maybe just a short response because obviously we are not the experts in commenting on, the 
broader theme that you are referring to. I think definitely what you're saying is true. There is 
seems to be some sort of reversal in terms of the pipelines, so to speak. I think what we have 
been told is that sometimes companies are just pursuing a therapeutic area. Let's say a big pharma 
wants to go big in CNS. Now ultimately they are pursuing CNS assets because they have a CNS 
infrastructure. And ultimately if it's a small molecule, then it's a small molecule. If not, it's a 
biologic. That's the only limited understanding we have. But you're right, as in there seems to be 
some sort of reversal, maybe because costs are more attractive in small molecules. Maybe the 
formulations are more easier, but again, not the experts to comment further on that. Sorry. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
No, that's absolutely fine. Thank you for that, Saharsh. A question for you, Abhijit. so, you 
mentioned the free cash. I am asking about operating cash. What was the nine month operating 
cash after adjusting for all the working capital? So, the nine-month EBITDA is about Rs. 272 
crores. How much of that has been converted to net operating cash adjusted for working capital? 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
Operating cash net of CAPEX is Rs. 70 crores. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
No, including CAPEX, what is the operating cash? 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
So, 70 plus 147. You can take that to 217. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Okay. So, this is out of Rs. 272 crore of nine months EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Chheda: 
So, this was to better understand the CMS segment. Today in terms of the active CMS projects 
out of 97, 19 are commercial, but the bulk of them are pre-registration or below. So, whether the 
development income that is almost down 50% YOY in nine months, is there an element of few 
molecules driving the bulk of CMS development revenue today? And if you could help us 
understand better, in terms of your CMS pipeline, since bulk of the projects are still on the 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
development side, why is there more volatility in development versus commercial? So, if you 
could comment anything on that? 
S E Medikonda: 
So, I think to answer your question, in terms of the revenues, they are mapped to the actual flows 
during the course of a quarter and during the course of the year. And as we have said in the past, 
we expect that a significant, a lot of the growth that we were expecting was going to come in 
from the commercialization of molecules. In the past, you would have seen that we have had 
significant revenues even from the development part is because we have had molecules which 
were ready or which were where the customer was looking to take quantities for launch but the 
product was not yet approved. So, as a result of that those revenues were recognized as 
development revenues, but once a molecule is approved and we are part of the filing it moves to 
commercial and that is why that scales faster and is a higher proportion. Whereas the 
development quantities are likely to be volatile because we are say waiting for a customer who 
takes material for Phase-II to come back for Phase-III which may take longer time. So, that 
largely explains the volatility in development. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
And I think the commercial revenues tend to be a lot more stable. And I think ultimately, the 
other factor that matters is different molecules contribute different scales of development 
revenue. So, while it is a little difficult, maybe even for investors from the outside, but the truth 
is that development revenues are going to be very lumpy and volatile. And ultimately, I think 
that's why we try to give an aggregate sense of where the business is heading. But yes, I think 
for us, for now, commercial revenues are what could be seen as a stable base from an outside 
perspective. And that's why we give the split between commercial and development. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy from Ampersand 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity. My first question is that when you mentioned your commercial 
CDMO revenue is much more stable, but in quarter one it was some Rs. 170 crores. From that 
it has fallen to some Rs. 110 crores-Rs. 120 crores. What could be the reason for this decline, 
sir? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Sorry, which revenue are you talking about that decline? 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
The commercial part of the CMS business. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, I think, commercial revenues, I would not look at the quarter-to-quarter movement to look 
and maybe call it a decline or a growth, because I think a lot of times these products are lined up 
to get dispatched across different quarters in a year. And I think the way the mix is coming out 
is how it is. And as I had mentioned in the opening remarks also, I think our portfolio is doing 
well, and I think molecules are continuing to grow steadily. So, there's nothing of concern with 
regards to CMS commercial for the moment. I think a quarter-to-quarter movement is very 
natural in our business.  

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
If little you can just explain that when this molecule goes from development to commercial, you 
get to supply for that commercial for several years together, right? It is not as if like it is a very 
small window of opportunity. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, I think typically the way the relation works with the innovator is that once it gets into 
commercial, we would continue supplying API until the patent expires. And of course, there are 
a lot of dynamics at play. There could be additional sources that could come in and that could 
have an impact on the volumes. There could also be, performance of the drug itself that would 
matter. But when we track these molecules, we are constantly looking at the IP timelines and 
therefore, that's what we look at. The gap between the development to commercial, as in what 
could be the waiting period, that again depends, molecule-to-molecule. Sometimes there's hardly 
any gap. You finish development, and then there's a short break, and then you start commercial. 
Sometimes you supply development quantities and then they go through an NDA filing and an 
approval. Sometimes you might have to wait for a couple of years as well. So, it's very hard to 
have a standard expectation for this transition from development to commercial. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
I mean, it has nothing to do with any product not living up to its potential or scale. Because you 
had given, some 5% to 10% kind of growth guidance at the beginning of the financial year, you 
had brought it down to about flattish number. So, was it because of the slower response to some 
of the new products which is commercial or how one should be looking at it? And when we're 
looking at a better growth from FY26, is it going to be because of more number of products 
becoming commercial or same businesses scaling up much more? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Again Sanjay, I don't think there's any concern per say. I think our business is such that we have 
limited high value products that contribute significantly. Our revenue and our focus and our 
budgets are based on our dispatch plans. And a lot of times due to various reasons, things get 
shifted a little bit. And I think we kind of expecting a moderate growth which was stated earlier 
and then we kind of revised that to say it's flattish, it has more to do with those dynamics rather 
than with how the products are performing and as I said it already our products are doing well 
and I think the CMS business and the GDS business I think whatever we have stated that FY25 
is going to be a flattish year, I think is actually an amalgamation of how the products are picking 
up. But I would not read too much into that change from moderate growth to flattishness beyond 
what has been already said. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ishmohit from SOIC Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Ishmohit: 
Congratulations for turning around your business over the last 5 years from 12%-13% EBITDA 
basically operating margins to at least reaching 20 even in the flattish year. So, sir my question 
was, the FY24 was an inflection year for us? FY25, we understand the train is waiting at this 
station. Do you think FY26-27 again will be sort of inflection years for us when it comes to our 
product mix change in CDMO business really accelerating from it? 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, I think as we had said earlier, we expected FY25 to be a kind of a flattish year, and we also 
had stated previously that we expect growth to resume from FY26 onwards and therefore we 
expect our business to continue growth from FY26 onwards as well. But again, we've kind of 
restrained ourselves from talking about FY26 versus 27 and how that will pan out because I 
think it's better we kind of look at a slightly broader horizon than try to kind of look at it. But 26 
growth should resume. That's something that we want to say it very clearly. 
Ishmohit: 
Sir, second question was that in a pre-commercial stage currently we have 11 molecules, I think 
5 in intermediates and 6 in APIs. Are we expecting any of these to go commercial in FY26 or 
27? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
One, at least, maybe two, but we will have to wait and see because again these are still going 
through trials and filings, etc. But one, we are fairly certain will happen in the next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Hi, sir. Congrats for the progress that we achieved in the last 2-3 years. I just had one 
clarification. You have one of your slides number 12 in the presentation you have mentioned 
that the pre-registration of the Phase-III molecules, which used to earlier classify as part of 
development are now part of commercial. And so this is effective, which financial year you have 
done the reclassification? So, when you look for the 9MFY25, your development revenues are 
116 versus 222. So, in that case, 222 of 9MFY25 includes the pre-registration and Phase-III or 
anything like-to-like, just a clarification I wanted? 
S E Medikonda: 
Yes, so I think if you look at revenues for 9MFY24, it includes, the classification of development 
and commercial remains the same. It's only that a molecule which was in say pre-reg phase 
moved to commercial during the course of the year and I think that moved at the end of Q2, so 
from Q3 will be recognized as commercial revenue. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And so when I understand that quarter-to-quarter is not fair, but if we look around 9 
months-to-9 months, and if I look at your filing, the number of products in preclinical Phase-I, 
Phase-II, Phase-III are more or less the same. So, this decline from 222 to 116 is primarily 
because one large molecule which was earlier where we moved revenue as commercial is not 
being booked under commercial, is that what is causing this type of sharp decline in your 
development revenues, 9 month-to-9 month? 
S E Medikonda: 
Yes, that is correct. And I think in general, when there are large increases in development 
revenue, that is usually an indicator that means either there is a large clinical trial, or there's a 
molecule where the quantities are going for launch. So, I think those are two indicators, 
especially when the development volumes go up. 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Sachin Kasera: 
My second question on peptide, we have a fairly large CAPEX. Over a period of time, once it is 
fully utilized, can you give us some sense in terms of what type of revenue we could see 2-3 
years after the commercialization of the peptide block? Thank you. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Sachin, at the moment we would not share anything because I think it's a very wide range and I 
think maybe over time we will probably be able to give a better color because again it depends 
on what molecules scale up over there and therefore there is a very wide range and it might not 
be very helpful for you guys. But I think maybe in the course of time, we will try to give a little 
bit of color on that. But for now, maybe we will just hold off. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Yasser from M3 Investment Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Yasser: 
Yes, could you just sort of put in the terms of big pharma, small biotech, and the mix of that? 
And secondly, typically, when you've seen this increase in projects, how many customers have 
more than one project with us? Could you give us some sort of? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Could you repeat the first question again? It blanked. You said something about Big Pharma, 
Biotech. But could you just complete that question? 
Yasser: 
Yes, just in terms of your customer mix in these 97 active projects, like have we sort of graduated 
towards moving towards working with Big Pharma, or if you could give some qualitative sort 
of insights on that? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Sure, and the second one again? 
Yasser: 
And the second one is like, do we have like customers that probably do have more than one 
project? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, so I think the Big Pharma Biotech split is something that we don't have but we're largely a 
Biotech company and as we stated also in the past. Usually if we are working with Big Pharma 
it's either for a very specialized area like peptides or it's because Big Pharma has come and 
acquired our customers We don't have that mix and we will see if we can provide that maybe at 
a future date But you can presume that we are largely biotech focused. With regards to a multi 
project customer and we do have several customers that we do multiple projects with and we 
don't have the number for that maybe that is something that we get back to you. But I would say 
maybe at least 20%-30% of projects are second or third projects with the same customer and its 
just an intuitive number. 
Yasser: 
As you sort of alluded to earlier, when a Big Pharma company acquires our customer, so what 
be your experience over the years where you've seen, they switch over to, maybe someone in 
their CDMO sort of value chain, or do they tend to persist with, Neuland and if you could sort 
of share some experience over the years, like how does that play out? 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, again, maybe this will be a generic response based on our own experiences. What we have 
observed is that because there is a regulatory filing involved and Neuland is registered as an API 
manufacturer, there is anyway a certain level of stickiness that is involved with our site. So, it's 
not very easy to displace Neuland as an API company even the Big Pharma is not very familiar. 
So, its point number one. Point number two, I think even from a Big Pharma perspective I think 
they just look at things from a risk point of view and as long as they feel comfortable that this 
company that is currently producing the API is not going to create any significant risk for their 
API supply, they would tend to continue working with us. That's the second point. Third point 
is ultimately I think the long-term relationship is dependent on our ability to execute and deliver. 
And I think that's where the relationship is built. And I think that's the journey that Neuland has 
is kind of going in right now. But I think just given the advanced nature of these programs, even 
if there is not a lot of familiarity with Big Pharma, we have not seen any kind of reluctance or 
hesitation to work with a new API supplier, provided the risks are manageable. And I think that's 
where Neuland stands out, because our facilities, in terms of our quality management system, in 
terms of our ESG practices they all are top tier, not just in the country, but even at a global level. 
And that also creates a certain level of comfort for these large MNCs when they come to evaluate 
Neuland as an API company. 
Yasser: 
Fantastic, that was really helpful. Secondly, on the prime and specialty side, I just wanted to sort 
of get a long-term vision here for this business in terms of like, eventually do you plan on 
probably becoming a cost leader in a few molecules? What are your thoughts on sort of backward 
integrating in some of them? And do we look at this sort of the prime and the specialty piece 
more as a capacity utilization play to sort of combat the cyclicality of the CMS business? Or is 
it like that, as I said earlier, do you want to become a cost leader and eventually a market leader 
and some key molecules on the portfolio. If you could shed some light, that would be really 
helpful? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, sure. See, I think Neuland as a company, I think for us, the GDS business is as important 
for us as the CDMO business. And in many ways, they're not really competing with each other, 
right? Because ultimately, there's a lot of synergies in these businesses and they cater to different 
customer segments. And because of that, our strategy over the long term is to pursue both the 
businesses environmentally. However, the way we have nuanced our approach in the GDS 
business is to try to move a little away from prime and go deeper into specialty. And we believe 
that going into specialty gives us the ability to command that market share leadership, which 
sometimes is very difficult to achieve in the prime products where price tends to be the key 
determining factor. So, I think over a long-term perspective, I don't want to get into the growth 
rates and the business mix because again that's too detailed kind of guidance that we would give 
but ultimately both businesses our idea is to grow them to their best potential. Even if you take 
the example of the new peptide facility, it has been designed to cater to both GDS customers and 
CMS customers. And ultimately, what products, what segment will do more revenue in the 
peptide facility remains to be seen. So, I think that's the effort. And but however, I think we will 
not focus as much on prime just because it's not really area of our strength to compete on price, 
but we will focus more and more on specialty products. And eventually, a molecule like peptide 
will also become a part of the specialty portfolio. 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rahul Bhardwaj, an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Bhardwaj: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on the numbers. So, one question, great performance 
over the last decade, I think more so over the last five years. How should we as investors kind 
of look into this trajectory? If you can kind of color this, what are the company's expectations 
for the next 5 to 10 years? How do you see the business mix changing? And I know you won't 
give guidance but in terms of numbers your PAT has grown round about 30% in the last 10 years 
I don't know maybe 70% plus in the last five years. Should we look at the growth in the last five 
years more of an exception? How should we kind of look into this data and how do you see the 
business going in the next 5-10 years. I think just to add, I think in the past, we've kind of focused 
on moving from Prime to Specialty in CDMO side of business. If you can give a bit of color into 
this, that will be helpful for everyone, I think. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
Thanks for your question. Saharsh, alluded to this in his previous response. But just to reiterate 
that, I think going forward, we have equal emphasis in terms of growing our genetic business as 
well as our CDMO business. Our sweet spot in the CDMO business is to work with biotech 
companies which have molecules all the way from pre-clinical to Phase-III, all the way to 
commercialization. On the generic side, we focus more on the specialty APIs, where the barriers 
to India are much higher. Obviously, many years ago, 80% of our revenues came from prime 
sort of products, but over the years, we've systemically focused on developing molecules with 
higher barriers to entry, more IP protecting it, and our ability to hold on to our market shares for 
a longer period of time. I think in terms of efforts, both in terms of capital expenditure, the 
resources allocated, the number of molecules that we select, the life cycle management that we 
do, our supply chain strategy, everything is geared in the organization to make sure that we focus 
on both of these segments equally. Obviously, we see the CDMO business to have a little bit 
more potential because the market is larger, and we still look at ourselves as an organization that 
can gain a lot more market share on the CDMO side, and therefore you see higher growth in that 
business as well. But from an emphasis point of view, it's going to be equal going forward. 
Rahul Bhardwaj: 
Thank you for your response. I think I had one pending question from some of the previous calls, 
which was in regards to any thoughts on stocks that the management would have thought about 
if it's good or not good for business and investors, if there's any update on that? 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
No specific update at this point of time, but obviously the board of the organization from time 
to time does examine this sort of issues from a shareholder point of view, but currently we don't 
have any specific updates. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gaurav Mahidhar, an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Mahidhar: 
Hi. Firstly, I would like to thank the management for being so forthcoming and honest with the 
guidance. It really makes a difference. Thank you so much for that. So, I have a couple of 
questions. I will try the first one. What percentage would the cost of an API form for an NPE 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
from an innovator's point of view? I guess it would vary from molecule-to-molecule. And if my 
guess is correct, what are the factors that affect it? Like does the complexity or a certain scale of 
manufacturing required by the API supplier affected? That's the first question. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
It's actually, I think maybe this question was asked in the past and it's a very difficult question 
to answer because there is a very wide range of what percentage an API could be in terms of the 
final drug product pricing. We've seen products where it could be as high as 10%-12%. We've 
seen products where it's like 0.1%. And honestly, I think it's very difficult to be able to determine 
even for us what would be appropriate number to take. So, I think maybe it's a very, I am not 
quite sure how much we can help you on that front. So, maybe if you can go ahead and ask your 
next question. 
Gaurav Mahidhar: 
Alright, no issues. Like we currently garner 40% of our revenues from the US if push comes to 
shove. How will import tariffs affect us and our supplies to the USA? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think, we have considered all possibilities, and we have also as part of our enterprise risk 
management, we kind of look at all kinds of risks including tariff risks, geopolitical risks, etc. I 
think just looking at all possible scenarios, I think one thing to consider, I think just from a 
Neuland perspective is that we make APIs, right? We don't do drug product. And most of the 
APIs we make are, the alternate sources are either in China or in Europe or in India. There's not 
a lot of captive capacity for these APIs in the US. And therefore, it seems very unlikely that 
tariffs could be affecting our business directly. But having said that, I think also take into 
consideration that for most of the products we operate on both in the GDS and CMS side, we 
are typically one of the only suppliers or maybe one of the two suppliers and a supplier risk 
would actually harm US patients. And that's also something to be taken into consideration. And 
yes, so I think for us we will have to figure it out. I think worst case, also understand our business. 
We, I think almost all our CMS as well as GDS specialty customers consider us to be partners. 
And if something substantial like a tariff would happen, we would work with the customer to 
ensure that that tariff cost is absorbed by the customer to ensure that there is a seamless supply 
of material. I think these are the few responses maybe I can offer 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Meet Katrodiya, an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
My question was on, in the cardiovascular segment, one cholesterol-lowering drug therapy is 
doing very well in the global market, right? So, what factor does Neuland consider to gain more 
market share in the supply chain? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think it's again a difficult question to answer, right, because the product you're referring to falls 
into our CMS business. And again, we will not be able to talk about product specific questions 
due to confidentiality reasons. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
The only thing I will add to what Saharsh said is that I think as an organization, we focus on 
making sure that we are delivering the product on time, on the quality, on the compliance, as 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
well as maintaining a competitive position. So, basically based on our history, what we've seen 
is that the market share that we gain is directly proportional to how we perform from a customer 
perspective and that's why we focus. The wallet share or the market share is a direct outcome of 
that. Thanks. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
So, growth guidance for which you are giving for FY26 and beyond, is due to the visibility in 
this cardiovascular API or any other molecule which drives the growth? Only this. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I mean, I think the outlook we've given about growth resuming in FY26 is at an aggregate 
business level. It is not at a segment level or at a product level. So, what we would like you to 
just take away from our message is that you can expect Neuland's business to grow in FY26. It 
grew well in 24. It was flat in 25. And you can expect the growth to come back in FY26. I think 
that's the only message we have given. Beyond that, we will not be able to give any further 
details to it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sanjay Kohli from Goldstone Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Yes, good afternoon and thank you. So, I just wanted to understand that essentially we are a 
100% chemistry company. So, when we supply to the biotechs, what happens? There's a further 
biological manipulation of our products, and then in some plant overseas, it gets developed into 
a biologic in case of the CMS and in case of the generic, either biologic or biosimilar? Is that 
what happens basically, because essentially our customers are biotechs? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
No, I think maybe the confusion also comes because we call these companies as biotech 
companies but essentially these are all small molecule companies. They don't really do any 
biotechnology work or they don't do any biologics. The products Neuland makes are all small 
molecules, so they are synthetic and chemistry based and they are not biology based. It works 
similarly in the generics business. Our customers, these biotech companies procure the API, they 
get them formulated at another CDMO, packaged and then sold. But the entire product value 
chain is only synthetic and there is nothing to do with biology. I think perhaps what can create 
a confusion sometimes is that because the industry nomenclature calls these small and mid-size 
US-based companies, they are called as biotech companies. Ironically, although they don't do 
biotechnology, they are called biotech companies. But as you know, we are not in the biotech 
space. And therefore, we are not involved in creation of any biologics. I hope that clarifies. I 
know it may not be a comprehensive answer, but I hope it helps. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we take that as the last question. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
S E Medikonda: 
Yes, thanks. Good evening, everyone. We want to thank you for taking the time and participating 
in the call. Your interest and the questions help us think deeper about the business and the future. 
We hope we have answered all your questions, and in case of any further questions or feedback, 
please reach out to Ravi Udeshi of EY. Thank you all once again and wish you a good evening. 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
February 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Neuland Laboratories, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
