 
 
 SEC/FILING/BSE-NSE/24-25/68A-B 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 511218 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot no. C/1, G- Block, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: SHRIRAMFIN 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of investors earnings call for the third quarter ended December 31, 2024. 
 
Further to our letter dated 24th January 2025, regarding the audio link of the investors  
earnings call for the third quarter ended December 31 2024, we enclose herewith the 
transcript of the said call. The Transcript is also been uploaded on the Company website 
www.shriramfinance.in 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For SHRIRAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
U BALASUNDARARAO 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl.:a/a. 
Digitally signed by: 
BALASUNDARARAO UPPU
DN: CN = BALASUNDARARAO
UPPU C = IN O = Personal,
CID - 6989021
Date: 2025.01.28 17:58:25 +
05'30'
BALASUN
DARARA
O UPPU

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Shriram Finance Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. UMESH REVANKAR – EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN 
– SHRIRAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
MR. Y S CHAKRAVARTI –MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SHRIRAM FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 
 
MR. PARAG SHARMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SHRIRAM FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 
 
MR. S. SUNDER – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SHRIRAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
MR. SANJAY MUNDRA – INVESTOR RELATIONS HEAD – 
SHRIRAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Shriram Finance Limited Q3 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. If you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchstone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Umesh G. Revankar, Executive Vice-Chairman, Shriram 
Finance Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yes. Thank you. Good evening, friends from India and Asia, and a warm welcome to all of you. 
Greetings also to those who joined from Western part of the world. To present our Q3 FY '25 
earnings call today, I have with me our Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Y.S. Chakravarti; 
Managing Director and CFO, Mr. Parag Sharma; Mr. Sunder, Joint Managing Director; and Mr. 
Sanjay, our Investor Relations Head. 
 
It has been good 3rd-quarter of the year for Shriram Finance under current circumstances. Let 
us look at the broad economic indicators that has direct or indirect impact on our business. The 
Indian GDP expanded little slowly to 5.4% from previous year in the quarter of September '24 
from 6.7% and much below the market expectation of around 6.5%. On inflation, India's 
inflation eased to 5.22% in December from 5.48% in November, whereas the wholesale price 
index has surged to 2.37% in December compared to 1.89%in November, indicating likely long-
term pressure on the wholesale prices. 
 
As far as the RBI policy is concerned, it has remained unchanged for 11th consecutive time. And 
however, the RBI cut the cash reserve ratio by 50 basis-point to 4% to improve the liquidity in 
the system. The good rainfall monsoon and the Kharif and Rabi crop is giving some positive 
indicator for the rural market. And we do see good credit demand coming from the rural and 
also overall economy improving in the rural market for us. 
 
On GST collection, it has been growing at 7.3% year-on-year to INR1.77 lakh crores in the 
month of December. This reflect little slowdown and also it has some impact on government 
spend is what we believe. However, we expect as the budget session is coming, government has 
already started announcing new projects and implementation of the existing projects. So I 
believe that it should give some boost. 
 
Now coming to the auto industry, overall market looked flat as far as M&HCV is concerned. 
There was a small decline in the heavy vehicle to 1.3% up from 90,929 units as against 91,440 
units. LCD sales recorded a marginal increase of 2.7% in Q3 '25, which stands at 1.48 lacs unit 
against 1.44 units. The passenger vehicle recorded a good growth of 4.5% in Q3 with 10.58 lakh 
units against 10.12 lakh units. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Two-wheelers again recorded a good growth of 3% or with sales of INR48.75 lakhs units against 
47.31 lacs unit. Three-wheeler continued to grow decently. However, the numbers remained flat 
for the quarter with 1.89 lacs unit against 1.88 lacs unit. Tractors recorded a robust growth of 
20.15% with 2.44 lakh units against 2.03 lakh unit in Q3 FY '24. 
 
Construction equipment again showed a positive growth with 8% increase or with 35,768 units 
against 33,121 units. With the continuing good results, the Board has declared interim dividend 
of 125% that is 2.5 per share. The record date for the entitlement thereof has been fixed as 
January 31, 2025. 
 
I shall now ask my colleague, Mr. Chakravarti to take through the operational performance. 
Y. S. Chakravarti: 
Thank you. I welcome all of you to our Q3 FY '25 earnings call. And I hope you had the 
opportunity to have a look at the investor presentation which has been posted on the website and 
of the stock exchanges. We have registered disbursement growth of 15.82% year-on-year. Our 
disbursements in Q3 FY '25 this year aggregated to INR43,766.27 crores versus INR37,787.84 
crores in Q3 FY '24. 
Our AUM as on 31st December 2024 registered a growth of 18.78% over Q3 FY '24 and a 4.70% 
sequentially. Our AUM stood at INR2,54,469.69 crores as against INR2,14,233.47 crores a year-
ago and INR2,43,042.55 crores in Q2 FY '25. Our net interest income in Q3 FY '25 registered a 
growth of 14.31% year-on-year. We have earned a net interest income of INR5,822.69 crores in 
Q3 FY '25 this year as compared to INR5,093.93 crores in Q3 FY '24.  
Our NIMs was 8.48% as against 8.99% in Q3 FY '24 and 8.74% in Q2 FY '25. Our PAT grew 
by 96.32% in Q3 FY '25, including one-time gain of INR1,489.39 crores (net of tax) for-sale of 
our stake in subsidiary, Shriram Housing Finance Limited. It stands at INR3,569.76 crores as 
against INR1,818.33 crores recorded in the same-period of the previous year.  
However, excluding one-time gain of INR1,489.39 crores which is (net of tax) for-sale of our 
stake in the subsidiary, the profit-after-tax increased by 14.41% and stands at INR2,080.37 
crores as against INR1,818.33 crores in the same-period of the previous year. Our earnings per 
share for the quarter stood at INR18.99, including one-time gain as against INR9.68 in Q3 FY 
'24 and 11.02 in Q2 FY '25. The earnings per share increased by 14.36% and stands at Rs 11.07 
against  Rs 9.68 recorded in the same-period of the previous year. On our asset quality, gross 
Stage 3 in Q3 FY '25 stood at 5.38% and net Stage 3 at 2.68% as against 5.66% gross and 2.72% 
net in Q3 FY '24 and 5.32% gross and 2.64% in Q2 FY '25. Our credit cost for Q3 FY '25 stood 
at 1.85% as against 2.15% for Q3 FY '24 and 1.84% for Q2 FY '25.  
Our cost-to-income ratio was 28.59% in the Q3 FY '25 as against 27.04% recorded in Q3 FY 
'24. Our cost-to-income ratio in Q2 FY '25 was 27.95%. I shall now request our Managing 
Director and CFO, Mr. Parag Sharma to inform you about our resource raising activities. 
Parag Sharma: 
Hello, everyone. On the liability side, total debt outstanding as of December was INR2,00,023 
up from INR2,07,000 in the September quarter. The liabilities are broken into several sources 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
equally spread almost with retail deposit being at 24%, the bank borrowing at around 21% the 
offshore borrowing both loan and bond at around 19%. This has increased substantially because 
of the large loan transaction what we have done in the current quarter, which was 1.22 billion.  
And the securitization is at 17% and the capital market is around 17%. This is more or less a 
similar to the previous quarter, but for the ECB slightly being up and banks being slightly lower. 
The cost of liability is at 8.95% which is marginally down from the previous quarter which was 
8.97%. The incremental cost of fund continues to be at around 8.9 versus a similar number in 
the previous quarter.  
The leverage ratio is at 4.06 up from 3.99% in the previous quarter. The LCR is at 265 up from 
234 in the previous quarter. Because of the last transaction of ECB, the liquidity has shot up 
from INR17,000 crores to INR27,000 crores which is almost equivalent to our next 6 months 
liability. This excess liquidity will be moderated over next two quarters and we'll go back to our 
earlier policy of 3 months of liability to be in liquid assets. 
The ALM buckets have been positive and up to 6 months the cumulative surplus is in excess of 
INR65,000 crores. Overall, fund mobilization continues to be strong and we have been able to 
maintain or slightly reduce the cost of fund for us. I make the forum open for Q&A, you can ask 
your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Chintan Joshi from Autonomous. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Joshi: 
Yes. Hi, good evening. Can I start with a few questions on NII? NIMs have come down this 
quarter. I can see that you've had an increase in ECB loans and borrowings and there is an 
increase in cash balance. Could you give us some sense of yields on these so that we can kind 
of think about how much of this might reverse in the next quarter as you deploy that cash? 
And then also if I could understand on securitization which was up 14% quarter-on-quarter, what 
are the P&L effects of this? It will depress your NII, but increase the other income. Just trying 
to understand what the impact of that securitization is? 
S. Sunder: 
As regards the NIMs it has been mainly because of the negative carry that has happened because 
we are carrying excess liquidity. So once as Mr Parag was mentioning in the previous thing, 
once it normalizes back to the earlier levels of INR17,000 crores, INR18,000 crores, so it should 
come back to normalcy.  
And when it comes to the income booked on securitization in NBFC since we follow the India's 
norms, even though we securitize we defer the income over a period of time and only the 
assignment income is booked upfront and that is a small component. 
Chintan Joshi: 
Okay. So on the NIM, how much of the NIM fall is due to excess liquidity or how much should 
we expect it to recover next quarter? 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
S. Sunder: 
Roughly around 20 basis-points is on account of fall in the -- because of the negative carry that 
we had to bear. And marginally it should improve depending upon the liquidity position as on 
the current quarter. 
Chintan Joshi: 
So that would still imply like a 6 basis-point underlying NIM deterioration in the quarter. So 
what is driving kind of that incremental -- apart from the excess liquidity, are there other drivers 
of the NIM deterioration or is that grounding error and we should expect that much volatility? 
Umesh Revankar: 
It also depends upon asset mix because normally in the fourth quarter, we do have demand for 
new vehicle alone and new vehicle loan will be at a lower yield. So that also has a bearing. So 
it all depends upon how much we end-up with a new vehicle to used vehicle ratio. So we cannot 
really predict, but as Sunder rightly put it, the liquidity will be used, the excess liquidity will be 
used so that there will be some improvement in the -- or is what we call net interest margin. 
Chintan Joshi: 
Okay, excellent. And then I have one other area to ask about on kind of asset quality. So we've 
seen values of vehicles, commercial vehicles, passenger vehicles, generally vehicles valuations 
have gone up in the last few years. Does that mean that for you or the industry that LTVs have 
gone up or there has been higher disbursals against the higher valuations or do you kind of look 
at it on historical valuations? I just want to understand your practices, industry practices given 
that we've had this increase in valuations? 
Umesh Revankar: 
No, I'm not able to get it fully. Can you phrase it? 
Chintan Joshi: 
So we have seen an increase in the prices of CVs, passenger vehicles. Generally all vehicle prices 
have gone up post COVID. Are you dispersing more loans against that higher valuation? 
Y. S. Chakravarti: 
Yes, see what is happening is on overall commercial vehicle if you look at the overall sales, 
especially on second-hand vehicle transactions have been little flattish. So number of 
transactions, number of loan wise it has not gone up, but ticket size has gone up. But we have 
increased the passenger vehicle.  
Passenger vehicle is where we have added a lot of new numbers and we are growing both in 
numbers and in volume as far as the passenger vehicle is concerned. Similarly with the 
construction equipment is concerned, we are able to grow there. So the other segments, we are 
adding new customers. 
Chintan Joshi: 
Sir the LTV thresholds have not been increased because of the increasing valuations. We are 
basically keeping LTV constant? 
Y. S. Chakravarti: 
The LTV has remained same, but price has gone up. The average increase in the price of vehicle 
is around 30% over the last 3 years. So that has gone up, but LTV has not gone up. LTV remains 
70% on used vehicle. 
Chintan Joshi: 
Thank you. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Raghav Garg from Ambit Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Raghav Garg: 
Sir, hi, good evening and thanks for the opportunity. Just to harp on this again, so what levels 
would you bring back the liquidity? So when I look at the cash and investments share percentage 
of assets, it's been increasing for last couple of quarters and it seems more in-line with historical 
trends that you've had. So if you can guide to a number as to how much can it come down? Will 
it be a significant number? 
Parag Sharma: 
No, so I think two things there. One is we always maintain 3 months of future liabilities into 
liquid assets and when the size goes up, overall cash and bank balance will go up. This quarter 
because of this one-off large mobilization, the overall liquidity is high. When it will come down, 
I think largely we will moderate our borrowing in this quarter and next quarter. So to go back to 
3 months of liquidity I think it will take us one or two quarters and this quarter onwards, there 
will be some improvement here. The liquidity will be down. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. My next question is with respect to asset quality. So what has seen in since the 
commercial vehicle segment is that the quarter-on-quarter increase in stage 3 assets has been 
significant, it's about 5%, 6% compared to the run-rate that you had in previous quarters it’s 
about 1% to 2%. Why is it that the increase has been so sharp in this quarter? Any specific 
reasons that you can point to? 
Umesh Revankar: 
No, normally we focus on credit cost. If you look at the credit cost, it has remained at 1.85%. So 
gross stage 3 or net small improvement -- increase or less it's basically because the -- how the 
economy functions. So we are happy to maintain credit cost less than 2% at any point of time. 
And I believe our overall asset quality is reasonably strong and continue to remain strong.  
And normally fourth quarter, there will be some month back. Whatever the cash-flow 
mismatches of the customers, they'll pay-off. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. Sir, another question with respect to asset quality only, especially in the MSME 
piece, there also when I look at the quarter-on-quarter increase in stage 2 or say the stage 3 
assets, that's about 10% to 12% and it's been fairly high -- it was fairly high even in last quarter, 
whereas the incremental addition to the overall portfolio seems to be coming down.  
I'm talking about the MSME portfolio. Again, what is happening, why are we seeing such high 
forward-flows in the MSME book? 
Parag Sharma: 
See once again in this segment or which we are in, we are into small-ticket MSME lending, 
where there are some cash-flow mismatches temporary for the customers, but it normally gets 
improved. So as I was telling you normally fourth quarter everyone tries to improve. So I believe 
whatever small aberration are there, that gets corrected in the fourth quarter, but I don't really 
see a structural what you call decline in the asset quality. I feel it is temporary, mainly because 
of seasonal and cash-flow mismatches. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. Sir, do I have time for one more question, one last question please? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yes.  
Raghav Garg: 
Sir, if you can just comment, we've been hearing from a lot of other lenders that have reported 
Q3 earnings so far that there is some pain in the commercial vehicle segment. Some have cited 
that probably there is some lesser spending on infra by the government, something that we also 
alluded to. FMCG companies have stated that the consumption continues to moderate. So in 
light of these two trends, how do you see the operator profitability or fleet utilization?  
I know you've put out some data in your monthly bulletin, but just some qualitative commentary 
from your side in terms of how the operator profitability is doing right now will really help. 
Thanks and that's all from my side? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yes. See, basically what happens is when the large number of new entrant come into the business 
and when the economy slows down and that's the time there is a less demand for vehicle 
utilization and the revenue comes down. And this time around if you see, the new entrant in two 
vehicle ownership is much slower. And therefore there is sufficient demand for existing owners.  
So I don't really see what you call the idling of a vehicle in any part of the country. There is a 
full utilization. And also because of the other measures like good roads and GST, toll fee, all the 
operating economics of vehicles have improved significantly in the last 2 years. That continues 
to be advantage and less number of new entrant being there in the business because vehicle price 
has gone up and also the -- what I call say used vehicle prices are very strong. 
So overall, I feel that is a very positive for the existing owners and that will remain positive 
maybe for another couple of years unless the lot of new players come and the revenue generation 
comes down or economy slows down significantly impacting them. So I don't really see both a 
possibility.  
Neither a lot of new players will come in nor there is a slowdown in the economy. So I think the 
vehicle operators do enjoy good operational economics and the repayment have been reasonably 
good all the time without much of a fluctuation in the last three quarters or four quarters. 
Raghav Garg: 
Okay. And sir one last question. How much -- how much of your business say would be coming 
from or how many of your customers would have deployed vehicles in Karnataka mines or what 
would be your exposure to Karnataka mines? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Karnataka mines is now negligible maybe if you had asked me in 2008, it was quite a significant 
number. But from then, when they have -- all this mining issue came, most of the customers 
have exited from that activity and we also reduced our lending to mining to very minimum 
possible. So I can tell you that Karnataka we have barely any exposure in mining activity. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. Thanks a lot sir. Thank you. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Bhumin Shah from Sameeksha Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhumin Shah: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. Congratulations on good set of numbers. So my question is on gold loan. 
So sequentially AUM has declined and asset quality has also worsened in this portfolio. So can 
you give some colour on this portfolio? 
Y. S. Chakravarti: 
Basically, there was a sequential two quarters of degrowth in the AUM, but we should see an 
uptake in the next -- this quarter, I mean the fourth quarter and also going-forward the next 
financial year. As far as asset quality is concerned, gold is really. 
S. Sunder: 
The stage 3 has been more or less flat, I would say in terms of amount which is the Q2 number 
it was INR118 crores and now in fact it has come down to INR112 crores. Since the denominator 
has come down, it is looking slightly percentage has been going up, but for that nothing and 
anyway, the portfolio is so small, we need not be unduly concerned.  
Y. S. Chakravarti: 
Again, as far as gold is concerned see NPA is not a concern because it's basically the credit cost 
is virtually zero there. As far as AUM is concerned, we should see some -- we should start seeing 
growth from this quarter onwards. 
Bhumin Shah: 
So can we expect double-digit growth from this quarter or we are -- we will go slow on this 
product? 
Y. S. Chakravarti: 
No, we are pushing. We are pushing. We would ideally like to grow, double-digit only we want 
to grow. We are pushing. 
Bhumin Shah: 
Okay. And sir another question was on opex. So sequentially also it has increased. So what can 
be the range where we will operate in the -- going-forward or will it remain elevated also? 
Parag Sharma: 
See we had added around 1,641 employees in the current quarter and the staff cost has increased 
by around INR64 crores and there were other overheads which has gone up by INR62 crores, 
totalling to INR126 crores of opex increase. And no doubt compared to the previous quarter, 
there has been some increase in the cost-to-income ratio, which we are confident that in the 
quarters to come, it should come around 28%. 
Bhumin Shah: 
Okay. Thank you so much. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Keyur G Desai from Girish Yarn. Please go ahead. 
Management: 
Not audible Keyur. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Desai your line is unmated. Please proceed with your question. As there is no response from 
the line of current participant, we'll move on to the next question. The next question comes from 
the line of Aditi Nawal from RSPN Ventures. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Aditi Nawal: 
Yes, hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. So I have two questions. One is if -- one is more of 
a data keeping question. Is it -- have you called out the yield in the cost of borrowings for the 
quarter and second I'll ask once you answer the first question? 
Parag Sharma : 
Yes. So we did mention about incremental cost of borrowing being at around 8.9% only and the 
overall cost of liabilities at 8.95%. 
Aditi Nawal: 
And yield should be... 
S.Sunder: 
Yields in the same range as the previous quarter. 
Aditi Nawal: 
Okay. And secondly sir I just wanted to understand, so from June quarter to until now 9 months, 
the borrowings have actually sharply increased. Again, I understand that if the ECB borrowings 
that you've done. So any reason why are we going so sharply on increasing our borrowings?  
Again, just correlating it with the fact that our opex has also increased. So is it something like 
we are trying to get into some new product or new territories and also the fact that HFC is now 
being sold, so is it something to read into or it? 
Parag Sharma: 
No. Is it the other sources of fund, the domestic sources of fund being in be it deposits, term-
loan, securitization, that can be done on a monthly basis. But when it comes to offshore 
borrowing, this will be once in six months and larger quantum. That is the only reason this 
quarter suddenly looks that there has been an increase in overall funds borrowed and the 
liabilities and liquidity. But that will be once in six months event, which is not a monthly event.  
The regular sources for us will continue to be the domestic borrowing, which be it term-loan 
securitization or FD, which will not be very significantly higher quarter-on-quarter. ECBs, 
whenever we do, it will be slightly bulky, but that will be once or twice a year. 
Aditi Naval: 
Got it. But any new product that we are trying to enter into or anything that we are sort of going 
to go aggressively in terms of the product segment? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Nothing. No new product. However, we have announced a EV lending vertical, that is green 
financing. So focus is trying to build a separate vertical and focus on building the business there 
so that there is a focus and also there is separate what supervision and credit policy for that. So 
that is something which you are trying, but it will be gradual growth. We don't intend to grow 
very quickly there. 
Aditi Naval: 
So any -- what is the outstanding book of the green financing or is negligible? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Well, it just started December 20th, we announced. So it is this quarter will be the first-quarter 
for that particular vertical. However, we have been doing some EV financing as normal-course 
of business, but this vertical will create separate what we call credit policy and supervision. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Yeah. Thanks and congratulations. So firstly, there maybe quite a contradictory remark coming 
in from the industry participants with respect to the fleet utilization and the operators cash-flow. 
So no doubt you alluded to the fact that maybe it's sustaining, but even when we look at your 
ability over past couple of months, it's clearly indicating that fleet utilization has remained 
subdued. 
In fact, even in some of the major routes, truck rentals rise have not been that high and not much 
of an increase year-to-date. So how is this entire operators cash-flow getting managed and maybe 
at least in terms of the delinquency levels, we are seeing it holding up pretty well. 
Umesh Revankar: 
So Kunal, that particular statement was given by one of the association head and that has been 
just no -- reprinted there. So it has nothing to do with the general utilization of vehicles. So when 
we look at individual operator and the operation economics across the country, it has been quite 
good. Utilization levels are very good and there is not much of complaints. There may be some 
temporary in certain geography that should not become that the all-India numbers as far as the 
utilization is concerned. 
And as I was telling you, since there are less entrants, the existing players have a good play. In 
the sense their economics are better, operational economics are better and they have good 
demand. You would not see probably you just travel on highway, you will never see idling of a 
vehicle anywhere. In the past, whenever economy slowdown was there, you could see hundreds 
of vehicle being parked, waiting for something and that kind of a scenario. 
But today you will never see any of the highway, busy highway you travel, you will never see. 
So I'm happy to take you to some of these busy highways so that you can watch by yourself. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yeah, absolutely. But any segment wherein you would be worried about in terms of either where 
the operations are or maybe particularly with respect to our customer segment, any segments, be 
it in terms of first-time users, small fleet operators or even in terms of with respect to utilization 
on construction side, anything that would worry you? 
Umesh Revankar: 
See right now when I looked at some of what we call-in the August or September when there 
were heavy rains, the infrastructure activity and mining activity came to some kind of a 
slowdown. And that’s a every year phenomenon. It's not that it happens only in this year. Every 
year when there are heavy rails or extended heavy rails, there is a slowdown. And that time, if 
you ask anyone, they'll say, I have no business because that particular sector or segment is -- 
always behaves that way. 
So -- but if you ask now, November or December, you will see that utilization levels are very-
high and mining today is getting a renewed what you call demand. Many of the larger 
conglomerates like JSW or Tata, everyone are in the full swing. If you see the mining and both 
iron, aluminium and coal. So I don't really see anywhere that kind of a situation where less 
utilization or less payment and everywhere things are becoming much better.  

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
And also after Supreme Court giving a verdict on the state government's stake in the leasing of 
mines, even state government has also become active now. In the past, they were dormant 
because the -- since it is the court, they were not really taking a lot of interest. Today, both central 
and state are working on activating the mines. So I think going ahead things will become much 
better. 
Kunal Shah: 
And you would be confident on the overall credit cost guidance. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yes, yes, credit cost has been all-time best, Kunal. We are less than 2% consistently for two 
quarters. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. And lastly, in terms of MSME, so on a growing book, again, I think last-time also the 
Chakravarti sir highlighted that obviously it's being rolled-out across most of the branches and 
that is leading to the growth. And most of the deployment is also towards the service and the 
trading industry. So that's not posing a lot of worry. 
But when we still look at it on a growing book of more than 50 odd % GS2 plus GS3 is almost 
12%. So if we look at the lag book, then it seems to be slightly higher. So any concerns out there 
on the MSME side or maybe the unsecured business side. 
Y S Chakravarti: 
See, basically here in MSME,  we've been seeing it for the last 15, 20 years that the same pattern 
there. What happens is your Stage 2, and  Stage 1, there should be -- it will be higher slippages, 
but when it comes to Stage 3, it gets correct -- gets corrected. So I mean, it's -- I think it's part 
for the cost. There is nothing extraordinary that is moved this quarter or this year. So not really 
a big worry there, Kunal. 
Because if you look at the gross Stage 3, it's almost -- normally it's typically under control, not 
much of a movement there. So, and this is how do you put this? I think it's the segment that we 
operate in, the segment that we lend to, the slippages from Stage 1, Stage 2 is normal. At the 
Stage 3 level is where I think our team becomes active and the customer also becomes active in 
trying to payback. 
So that's not a -- we have come to accept this as normal or over the years. 
Kunal Shah: 
And lastly, just data points on PD LGD and disbursement breakup? 
Y S Chakravarti: 
Yes, I'll ask Sunder to give you that. 
S. Sunder: 
Yeah the Stage 1 PD was 9.05 as against 9.06 in the previous quarter. Stage-2 PD was 20.74 as 
against 20.98 and the LGD was 38.75 as against 38.59% and the disbursements you can be in 
touch with Sanjay, he will help you out. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JPMorgan. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Sir, just one question. On your opex, should we assume this level of cost to asset to remain or is 
there scope for operating leverage in the next year? 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Umesh Revankar: 
We expect it to moderate going-forward. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Like just in terms of like Y-o-Y, should it be higher than AUM growth or lower? 
Umesh Revankar: 
No, we would see, we will be able to maintain at around 28% because always have given a 
forward guidance between 27% to 28%. So maybe this year it will be around 28%. Going-
forward, it will moderate further. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
So this cost-income, basically, if there is a rate cut you could basically benefit a bit from NII on 
your margins. So I just want to know just in terms of absolute cost growth, how should we think 
about it? Is it since it's linked to how your assets grow or should it be slightly lower? Like that's 
the question? 
S. Sunder: 
It will be slightly lower than the other growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Rajiv Mehta from YES Securities. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Sir, this degrowth in gold loan book, while you had explained something before, but is it also 
related to any change of practices on-the-ground in the business? I mean, because in the very 
same quarter, the regulator had also highlighted a few things for the industry which warranted 
correction. So is this de-growth related to any operational adjustment being done in the model 
or in the practices? 
Y S Chakravarti: 
Nothing to do with the operational thing. Basically, our traditionally major lot of our portfolio 
is also referral business and our customers. So and festival season typically we have -- it happens 
in our -- particularly our portfolio, festival season, people redeem and then come back and pledge 
it later. So we think we'll see this pickup. That's why I said we'll see it picking-up in the fourth 
quarter. Operationally there is nothing, no changes. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And sir, on the personal loans, we were -- the book was de-growing in the preceding three quarter 
and in this quarter again there is some growth while also in this quarter you have seen some 
material increase in Stage 2 also. So is there any change of growth approach here and what is 
making us comfortable to grow it again? 
Y S Chakravarti: 
See, as I said initially itself that our -- the delinquencies have nothing to do with this slowing 
down. We are okay with the -- I mean, it's improving over a period of time. So one quarter plus 
10-15 basis points plus or minus is not something that really worries us. The reason why we 
want -- I mean, since the lot of noise in the market, we went slow, again, as I also explained 
earlier also last call also that 95% of this book is from our customers. 
So we -- our existing customers, we have -- and we continue to grow it. It's just that there is so 
much of noise, we slowed down the business for a couple of quarters. But then there is also a lot 
of demand and we found that we also realized that when we are not giving the money, the 
customer is going somewhere else and taking the money and we are losing the customer. So we 
again initiated this exercise of reaching out to the customer, we will continue to grow this book. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And just one clarification. When I look at the employee cost growth, it is growing much higher 
than the employee count. So you have a large business team. So is it because of good AUM 
growth, higher amount of variables and incentives are being distributed or is there any 
underlying change in the incentive structure, which has been raised and which is why the actual 
employee cost is going way ahead of employee number? 
Y S Chakravarti: 
The disbursement also higher compared to last quarter to this quarter, right. So obviously the 
variable pay also goes up. Plus we added about 1,600 people plus basically incentives also a lot 
of incentives were the reason why it has gone up. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Abhishek Jain from Alfa Accurate. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Congrats for a strong set of numbers. Sir, as you mentioned that fleet utilization is high, these 
vehicle prices are also firm, which is favourable for the new CV demand. But MSCV demand 
remains sluggish in past 9 months. So how do you see recovery in the fourth quarter and FY '26? 
Umesh Revankar: 
The M&HCV number, it has been more flattish. You're right. It's mainly because as I was 
explaining to you, the infra spend by the government has slowed down. One is because of the 
election, then there's heavy rainfall. And again, there were the state level election in the month 
of October, November, this together had a slowdown overall the government spend. 
 
But if you look at December and November, December, it has picked up. There are new projects 
have been activated. And I believe the last quarter now is going to be a bigger quarter, and there 
will be demand coming back. So M&HCV basically, all these infra projects consume a lot of 
new vehicles because of steel and cement movement and also the earthwork that goes on. So I 
think this quarter, you can see good demand for heavy vehicle. And that should continue if the 
government spend continue over the period. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So any benefit do you see due to the scrappage policy that will be implemented by the 
government in the coming quarters? 
Umesh Revankar: 
No scrappage policy. Government has already announced policy, which is the voluntary 
scrappage, it's not compulsory scrappage. So there will not be any change in the policy. I don't 
think that has anything to do with the sales of vehicles. 
Abhishek Jain; 
Okay, sir. And my last question on the passenger vehicle side that in this quarter, we have seen 
a very strong numbers in retail side. And that's why inventory has come down. So how do you 
see growth in the passenger vehicle in the coming quarter or in FY '26? 
Umesh Revankar: 
The passenger vehicle will continue to grow. There is an unmet demand, I should say, mainly 
because the government spend, especially state government, state undertaking spend on the 
public transportation is coming down. Last 6 to 7 years, you would not have noticed any new 
buses on the road. 
 
So that is really creating the demand by the private players. So private players, both for their 
personal mobility and also for public transportation is going up, especially the demand is coming 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
from the semi urban market and also slowly moving into rural markets. So I feel the passenger 
vehicle growth will continue to be there for next maybe 3 years to 4 years because of the same. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And what are you strategies to gain the market share in the passenger vehicle finance segment? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Sir, we are gaining the market share. We are a very small player when it comes to passenger 
vehicle financing. And the market is very, very large. So I think we'll continue to grow. We are 
growing year-on-year by more than 20%, and that will continue to remain for a long time. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Preethi RS from UTI AMC. Please go ahead. 
Preethi RS: 
So can you explain the difference in trends that you're observing in used vehicles, commercial 
vehicles and new CV? And what could be the possible reasons, one, on asset quality, and two, 
on demand? 
Umesh Revankar: 
See, the used vehicle numbers have not really gone up mainly because there are not enough 
supply of used vehicle in the transaction in the market. The number of vehicles sold were less 
from 2020 onwards. And there is 1 year prior to COVID, then COVID came. So there are enough 
-- not enough vehicles in the market. And therefore, the market is very tight and resale prices 
are very high. 
 
So a number of transactions are limited. Therefore, actually, our growth is mainly because of 
higher ticket size, and that has helped us to grow. But going forward, as last 2 years, vehicle 
sales have been good. I believe next 4, 5 years, there will be a much higher transaction on used 
vehicle. That will help us to keep growing. 
 
So I believe next 3 years to 5 years will be really good for us in used vehicle financing because 
number of transactions will go up significantly. And with addition, new vehicle sales also will 
go up if the GDP growth continues to remain robust. 
Preethi RS: 
Got it. And on the asset quality trend, sir? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Asset quality, it has been all-time good, mainly because resale values being very strong. We 
don't really have much loss on sale of any repossessed asset, and therefore, it has been good. So 
I think that will continue to remain strong. We are below 2%. That has been the long-term 
average for us for more than 10 years. And I think that is a good signal for us. 
Preethi RS: 
Sir, my question was in the short to medium term, are you seeing stress in used vehicles lower 
than that of new vehicles? 
Umesh Revankar: 
No. See, that, I don't say less or more. It all depends on the application. Used vehicles are mostly 
used for secondary application, last mile reach. And new vehicles are used for long-distance 
transportation. Both are linked to each other. There will not be a big difference between 2. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Suraj Das from Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Suraj Das: 
I have joined a bit late, so I don't know if the question has been asked already or not so pardon 
me for that thing. Sir, the question is on the 2-wheeler side. So the growth has been pretty robust. 
And then even this quarter on a Q-o-Q basis, the growth has been very strong at 18%. So I mean, 
what is the outlook here? 
 
Because if I see, let us say, the bank are truing the 2-wheeler segment, citing asset quality 
problems and all that thing. But your growth has been very robust, while there has been some 
slight uptick in the Q2 numbers in terms of asset quality also. But how do you see that this 
growth rate has been shaping up in FY '26 over the next 2 quarters to 3 quarters? So that would 
be my first question. And then I have a follow-up. 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
So on the 2-wheelers, the target is that the market is growing at 5%. Typically, what we target 
is double the market growth plus 2% minimum. So if it's growing at 5%, we look at 12% growth. 
Because typically, what happens is that it is still the finance versus cash is still a 50-50. 
 
Maybe in a couple of states, it is 70-30, which is basically 70% finance and 30% cash but rest 
of the country, it is 50-50. So the scope is there because the cash customers can become your 
customers. So we actually aspire for double-digit growth, one. 
 
So as far as asset quality is concerned, see, it's a typical festival season, the small blips are -- we 
are used to a small blip and then they become normal in the following quarters. That is not really 
a concern. As for other players coming in and going out, if you look at the evolution of 2-wheeler 
finance in this country, there are a lot of players who have come, started business, went out, 
again trying to come back after a few years. 
 
It's quite normal in the 2-wheeler business. There are players who are coming and going out. 
And when people see -- other point is low -- I mean the small ticket businesses are basically, it 
is a collection business and not a lending business. 
 
So unless you have your strategies, very strong collection mechanism and teams in place, it is 
difficult over a period of long period of time to sustain. I think what we have been able to do is 
get it, I think, got it right. So that's the reason why I think we are there for the last 25 years in 
this business and continue to be in the business and lead the business. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure, sir. Got it. And sir, I mean, is this already -- I know our repeat customer whom we are 
lending to and hence, probably we are more comfortable or these are customers new to company 
type of customers which we are acquiring in this segment? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
Typical 2-wheeler replacement is 5 years minimum. Particularly, we fund most of our bikes are 
commuter bikes and what we fund to it is basically a lot of small businessmen, self-employed 
people. So repeat customers would not much, probably about 5% would be repeat customers. 
Suraj Das: 
Okay. So rest of the 95% customers are new to Shriram customers? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
New to Shriram. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Suraj Das: 
Okay. And sir, I mean, what kind of CIBIL score they would typically have? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
Typically, I'll go at the CIBIL score, I'm not a big fan of CIBIL score, but we start at 550 
minimum. And if we start at 550, to just give you an indication, 60% of my customers have 
minus -- I mean, which is no longer there, but earlier it used to be minus 1, which means they 
do not have adequate credit history. That is basically new to credit. 
Suraj Das: 
Okay. Sure. Got it. And the last question would be on the, let's say, overall provisioning side. So 
while -- I mean, there has been slight uptick, but still we are maintaining something like 2% type 
of credit cost. But if I see the overall coverage, ECL coverage on Stage 1, Stage 2, Stage 3, that 
is as a percentage is still increasing? 
 
So do you think this number will continue to inch up and asset quality performance will be 
overall stable or at some point of time, maybe you would rationalize this number to, let's say, 
earlier levels because some of your Stage 1 and Stage 2 and Stage 3 coverage ratios are probably 
would be highest in the last many quarters? 
S. Sunder: 
Yes. On the Stage 3 provisioning, it will be more or less in the similar line. And coming to the 
Stage 1 and Stage 2, yearly, we run that last 5 years data. So the current year data gets added up. 
Based on that, whatever is the PD LGD, then we will start in the next quarter onward. So we 
need to wait and see. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure. And this, sir, PD LGD reset, I mean, when does it happen. Every quarter or... 
S. Sunder: 
Once in a year. In March quarter, we do that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Sharat Dua from Amundi. Please go ahead. 
Sharat Dua: 
Can I just ask back to the NIM, net interest margin and just clarify that you -- given the 
seasonality, you would expect that NIM just to be weaker in Q4 than we've seen in the third 
quarter even if we use up some of the liquidity? 
Umesh Revankar: 
No. See, as we said the higher liquidity, which is built up will get utilized. So NIM will improve. 
Sharat Dua: 
Even with the seasonality of new vehicle sales being greater in the fourth quarter? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yes, there is more new vehicles and therefore, there will be some mix. But how that mix will 
turn out, we are not very clear in the beginning of the quarter because new vehicle demand comes 
only in the March. So that will have some impact, but it will not have -we have more impact in 
the first quarter of next year, not in the fourth quarter because most of these new vehicles get 
booked in the end of quarter. So we should not have a major impact in the fourth quarter. 
Sharat Dua: 
Okay. And just on the big picture. I mean, obviously, you've gone through some detail about 
what you're seeing in different product lines and asset quality-wise. A lot of other players in the 
financial space are obviously slowing down given the cycle that they are seeing and the 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
experiences they're getting right now. So the message is you will not be doing that. Is that clear? 
You expect to continue to grow at sort of mid-teens level for the next financial year, at least? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yes. Currently, I'm quite positive on the same because there is still an expectation that Indian 
GDP on an average, it will grow more than 6.5%. If that is the case, definitely, we'll be growing 
at mid-teen levels. 
Sharat Dua: 
Okay. And last one, maybe just on the staff numbers. So you mentioned you've hired like 5,000 
or so this year so far. So will we still be seeing significant increases in employee numbers? 
Umesh Revankar: 
No. We are trying to have some freeze on this. We'll be reworking the productivity levels and 
trying to focus on productivity. And also our digital app is helping us to some extent in giving 
some of the customer services across digital platform. As and when more adoption of digital 
platform by the customer, we should be able to really slow down on hiring. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as a last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Thank you all. It is a good set of numbers and result, I believe, under the current circumstances. 
And we look forward for the busiest quarter in the next quarter, typically in India, this last quarter 
being then to March is a large quarter, and typically, all the numbers improve. So we would like 
to meet you again with a good set of numbers next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Shriram Finance Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
