Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
Date: 14 February, 2025 
To 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Rotunda Building,  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051.  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Scrip Code: BSE - 530549/ Stock Symbol: NSE – SHILPAMED 
Sub: Transcript of the Q3 FY '25 Conference call 
In furtherance to our intimation dated 4 February, 2025 with regard to the Q3 FY'25 Conference call 
held on Tuesday, 11 February, 2025 at 11.00 AM IST, please find the enclosed transcript of the call. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully,  
For Shilpa Medicare Limited, 
Ritu Tiwary 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
~ 
I 
Innovating for 
.... 
affordable healthcare 
RITU 
TIWARY
Digitally signed by RITU TIWARY 
Date: 2025.02.14 15:44:06 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
    
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KESHAV BHUTADA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
SHILPA PHARMA LIFE SCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. ALPESH DALAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SHILPA MEDICARE LIMITED 
 
MR. MONISH SHAH – HEAD, STRATEGY AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – SHILPA MEDICARE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. RUNJHUN JAIN – EY INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
~ 
, Innovating for 
~ 
affordable healthcare 
Innovating for 
affordable healthcare 
---
E"' Shape the future 
1 I 
with confidence 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Shilpa Medicare Limited Q3 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Runjhun Jain from EY. Thank you, and over to you. 
Runjhun Jain: 
Thank you, Yashashri. Good morning, and a warm welcome to everyone. To take you through 
the results and answer your questions today, we have the management team from the company 
represented by Mr. Keshav Bhutada, Executive Director of Shilpa Pharma Life Sciences 
Limited; Mr. Alpesh Dalal, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Monish Shah, Head Strategy and 
Investor Relations.  
Please note that the financial results and the presentation have been uploaded on the company's 
website and on the exchanges. Note that this conference call is being recorded and the transcript 
along with audio of the same will be made available on the website of the company as well as 
the exchanges. 
 
I would like to remind you that today's discussion might include forward-looking statements 
based on the current expectations and assumptions. These statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Investors are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date 
hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking 
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  
I would now like to request Mr. Keshav to provide you with a brief update on the quarter. Over 
to you, Keshav. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Thank you, Runjhun. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss on our 
Q3 and 9M FY '25 results. It was a very exciting quarter for the company with multiple 
opportunities shaping up well for supporting us in growing for years and quarters to come. I'll 
start briefing about the various business segments in which Shilpa is currently invested, mainly 
into API, Formulations, Biologics and CDMO. So I'll start briefing with API business segment.  
In API, let me start with the oncology segment, for the current year in the oncology segment, 
our main focus was on building products which are more complex and where there are not many 
manufacturers or either it's an import substitute. So many of our existing production blocks 
where we were manufacturing some old products, we have replaced that with new products and 
validated them so that for the upcoming financial year, we will have a good growth opportunity 
in the oncology segment. 
 
So let me start with molecule 1, which is an NCE molecule, which we are supplying to one of 
the US big pharma client, where they have already received breakthrough designation therapy 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
for one of the cancer treatment. For the current year, all the supplies for the clinical trials have 
been completed, and there is already a forecast which is given by them for next financial year. 
And the current clinical trial Phase III is going as planned by our partner. That is the update what 
we have from our partner.  
Now I'll start updating on molecule 2, which is also an NCE molecule, we are supplying to one 
of the US big pharma company, which is currently under Phase III, where we have a pending 
order for Phase III supplies, which we are planning to complete in Q4 FY '25. Apart from that, 
for Methotrexate, which was an important product in our oncology pipeline, we have validated 
in the current financial year and the CEP and DMF is filed in Q3 FY '25. And for next year, we 
are hopeful that we will start having commercial revenues from it.  
Apart from that, abiraterone acetate we have developed this molecule with in-house API, and 
also we have developed a differentiated formulation. For API, the process validation batches are 
completed and DMF will be ready in Q4 FY '25. Two new molecules in oncology, mainly 
Olaparib and Palbociclib, the plant validations are ongoing, and we are expecting to complete in 
Q4 FY '25. With this, we will have a total of 4 new oncology product launches planned for next 
financial year, where we will have a growth having supplies to our internal formulation and also 
supplies to external formulation players. 
 
Now let me start briefing about non-oncology segment. In non-oncology, mainly on Tranexamic 
Acid, where we had earlier invested on capacity expansion. In the current quarter, the capacity 
expansion was completed, and commercial production has started. And we will start seeing a 
delta of revenue increase in this product from next financial year.  
On second molecule, UDCA, a molecule for India, where very few companies are 
manufacturing, we have received CEP in previous quarters, and we have started feeding samples 
to various customers in export market. And we are hoping positive that we will have a likely 
good traction in export market with multiple commercial orders in UDCA for exports.  
Third molecule, which is NorUDCA, where company has developed their own API and 
formulation, which is NCE in India developed for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. The 
molecule is expected to have approval in Q4 or Q1 FY '25 for which the API supplies will start 
from Q4 for our internal formulation, where we will be the only supplier for our formulation. 
 
With this for the next year, we will have an increase in revenue mainly from NorUDCA and our 
additional orders from ursodeoxycholic acid in export market and also Tranexamic acid where 
the capacity expansion is completed. So with this, we are positive that in the next financial year, 
both our oncology and non-oncology segments are likely to perform well.  
Now I'll start briefing about new segments, mainly CDMO, Polymer and Peptide, where we have 
had very good traction in current quarter also. So let me start with CDMO- lanthanum 
dioxycarbonate, which we have developed and where we are manufacturing both drug substance 
and drug product for our US partner, the launch order execution has started. And the API 
supplies for that is expected to be completed in Q4 FY ’25 or Q1 FY '26. And with this, the 
product commercial API sales will start coming in from Q4 FY '25. 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
The second molecule where we are the only supplier for our US partner, where we are 
manufacturing both API and formulation. The molecule is being studied for multiple indications 
and our partner has received Fast Track Designation and the molecule is being studied for more 
than 5 indications, where we are the only API and formulation supplier. In the current quarter, 
we have finished the API supplies for our partner for their Phase II clinical studies. And the 
formulation supplies are expected to complete in Q4 FY '25. And with our partner the Phase I/II 
studies are ongoing. 
 
The next update is on Polymer, where I'm happy to share in the current quarter, we have received 
a ~$4 million worth of single purchase order for one of our partners, where we are the only 
supplier for them from India for the specialty non-pharma application, which is a very complex 
specialty Polymer. And once the supplies which are likely to be finished in first quarter of FY 
'26, we expect a repetitive order from them. 
 
The next update is on Peptides where the GLP-1 portfolio in which we are seriously focusing. 
Liraglutide is the first molecule in which our drug master file is ready now and our formulation 
registration batches are planned in Q1 FY '26. And once the formulation batches are done with 
6 months stability, the molecule will be filed globally in Europe, US and all the rest of the world 
markets. The second update is on Semaglutide, where our API development is complete and our 
API process validation batches are planned in Q1 FY '26. 
 
The next update is on regulatory where in the current quarter, we had an audit from Mexican 
authority and the audit was successfully completed for multiple products. So with mix of 
oncology, non-oncology and CDMO, Polymer, Peptide, we are having a positive outlook in FY 
'26 for our API business. 
 
Now I'll start briefing on formulation business. In formulation, totally, we have now 3 NDA 
approvals with us currently, in which the first molecule, Pemetrexed, for which already the NDA 
approval is received. The molecule is already launched in US with our US partner. And the 
molecule is having good traction quarter-on-quarter, and we are hopeful of doing well for the 
next financial year also with being only generic player to have a RTU room temperature stable 
product.  
The second molecule, Bortezomib, for which the NDA approval is already received, and we had 
applied for various codes which are required for selling this molecule for insurance 
reimbursement and premium pricing. The codes are received recently, and our partner is 
planning to launch this product in April 2025. 
 
Now the third molecule which is Imatinib oral liquid, which is again an NCE molecule where 
we are the only company to have this oral liquid oncology product approval in US for Imatinib. 
The molecule is launched by our partner in Q4, and we look forward to have a positive outlook 
for this also in next financial year.  
Apart from that, now let me start briefing about Europe business where Nilotinib, which was our 
first generic launch in Europe with non-infringing strategy. We were the only player to launch 
with a number 1 partner in Europe in generic space, and the molecule is expected to really do 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
well in quarters to come. And with being only generic player in the market and with non-
infringing API, company is well positioned to do well in quarters to come. 
 
Apart from that, the second molecule, which is Axitinib, where the formulation approval is 
already received. And this is again a molecule with non-infringing API strategy. And upon patent 
expiry, we are planning to do day 1 launch, which is planned in Q1 FY '26. Third project, which 
is SMLNUD07, which is a molecule which we have the NorUDCA, which we have developed 
for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.  
Our filing in India is completed, and we are hopeful of getting approval in Q4 FY '25/Q1 FY 
'26. With this, we will be the only company to launch this NCE molecule in non-alcoholic fatty 
liver disease. And there is a serious interest from multiple partners, and we are under final 
negotiation with multiple partners for launching this product in next financial year. 
 
The next molecule, which is Rotigotine, we have already filed this product in Europe, which is 
a very complex transdermal patch product. And we are not expecting many generics in this 
product and expecting to launch this product in next financial year. We will be one of the very 
few generics to have this product. And already, we have partnered with the very strong player 
in Europe who is very strong in Parkinson's disease for which this molecule is being treated. 
 
Two new transdermal patch products, which are already signed with our European partners. For 
the 2 molecules, currently our product development is already completed, and our pilot clinical 
studies are starting in Q4 FY '25. We also have multiple other 4 to 5 new differentiated products 
for which we have given a brief in our investor presentation. And we are really hopeful that each 
of this molecule will progress very well in quarters to come. And upon launch, it will give us a 
sustainable growth in quarters to come.  
We have a very strong order book in formulations with not only Europe market and US, also 
from rest of the world market, where the multiple registrations, which were done in previous 
years, we have approvals for these products and we have multiple launches in multiple markets. 
On regulatory front, our US FDA remediation, I'm happy to share that we have successfully 
completed all the remediation actions, and we have submitted to US FDA requesting for audit. 
 
Now next, I'll start updating you on biologics front. In biologics, our second molecule, which is 
Aflibercept, which is again a very complex ophthalmic product. The clinical trial batch is 
completed and our Phase III clinical study is already initiated. We are expecting to complete this 
study and file this product in India and rest of the world market in next financial year.  
And it will be one of the very few generic molecules with very limited competition in India and 
ROW markets. We have also added two new molecules in our pipeline in current financial year, 
which are progressing very well. These products being Nivolumab and Pembrolizumab, are 
major blockbuster molecules being top 10 biologics in world. We plan to initiate preclinical 
trials in Q4, and we are hopeful to start human clinical studies in next financial year. 
 
And there were 3 new blockbuster biologics, which we have added already in our pipeline, and 
we are planning to start preclinical studies for these products in next financial year. In total, 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
company will have almost 6 biologics products with each molecule having a market size of more 
than $1 billion, at a global level. Now mainly, I'll start updating on the CDMO business for 
biologics. In the current quarter, we have had very good traction on multiple RFPs, and there is 
a serious interest from multiple CDMO partners to partner with us for our CDMO business in 
biologics.  
As on date, company has more than 5 CDMO projects, which are in various stages of 
development, some molecule being where we have already submitted the material for preclinical 
studies and even Phase I studies. And as mentioned in previous quarter, every quarter, we have 
a target of signing at least one new CDMO project, as and when the program will ramp up, we 
will have a likely increase in the revenues. 
 
Now I'll start updating on albumin, which is recombinant human albumin, which is a New 
Biological Entity being a first synthetic albumin being studied for the therapeutic use. Our 
molecule Phase I study data was reviewed well by Indian SEC authority, and we have 
successfully received permission to start the Phase III clinical study, for which the material 
generation is currently in progress, and we are planning to start the Phase III human study for 
India and rest of the world markets in Q1 FY '26.  
Apart from that, for the global market, for Europe market, our Phase III clinical study protocol 
is submitted to EMA, and we are expecting response from European authority in Q4 FY '25. 
Once the response is received from the European authority, we'll be submitting the same clinical 
study protocol for US, and we will be taking the alignment with US FDA also in Q1/Q2 FY '26. 
And with that, we will be planning to start a global Phase III study for US and Europe market in 
next financial year. 
 
Now lastly, I'll update on the Unicycive project, where company has partnered with Unicycive 
Therapeutics for drug substance and drug product supply. For the molecule, the launch order for 
5 million tablets is under execution for which API manufacturing is ongoing, and we are 
planning to finish formulation supplies of initial 5 million tablets in Q1/Q2 FY '26.  
Once these supplies are done, there will be repetitive orders from our customer. At last, we are 
very positive on company's outlook for FY '26 with multiple assets getting very close to 
monetization, and we are very positive of having a growth.  
I will now hand over to Alpesh Dalal, who will provide a detailed financial overview. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Thanks, Keshav, and good morning, everyone. Let me briefly take you through the financial 
performance for the third quarter and nine months ended December '24. Our total revenues for 
the quarter were INR320 crores, recording a growth of 11% year-on-year and 12 for the 9 months 
period.,  
The growth was largely driven by improved performance in our Formulations and Biologics 
business, and that was partially offset by the muted performance in our API business. Given the 
improved business mix, the gross margin for the quarter improved to 72%, which was higher by 
5% year-on-year and 7% quarter-on-quarter. And then the resultant EBITDA was at about 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
INR82 crores as compared to INR68 crores in Q3 of FY '24, showing a growth of 20% year-on-
year. 
 
And EBITDA for 9 months FY '25 stood at INR256 crores, which I'm happy to report that it was 
higher than the entire EBITDA reported during the previous financial year. So we have done 
significant improvement on the operating side. And EBITDA margins for the quarter and nine 
months were at about 26%.  
We believe that going forward with further improvement in operating leverage and better asset 
utilization of newer initiatives that we have taken and also the improvement in the business mix 
that we have been witnessing, we could witness further improvement in the margins.  
I'm also happy to share that on back of repayment of a substantial part of our NCD and other 
loans post our QIP issue, the interest burden has started coming down with the interest cost 
declining 55% year-on-year during this quarter. Going forward as well, we are working on 
measures to reduce this interest burden. 
 
Now on the profitability side, profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR32 crores versus INR5 
crores last year, whereas for nine months ended December '24, the PAT was INR64 crores, 
which has almost doubled the entire PAT of FY '24. On the segmental performance, our API 
business clocked a revenue of INR182 crores during the quarter. That was down 10% year-on-
year, largely on account of lumpiness in purchase pattern from our key customers.  
Formulation revenues for the quarter were at INR118 crores, which grew by 64% year-on-year, 
and the growth was mainly driven by our EU business, where we launched a limited competition 
product as Keshav had explained about Nilotinib. Similarly, the biosimilars business recorded a 
revenue of INR18 crores, which was a growth of 43% year-on-year. 
 
Now a quick update on a couple of balance sheet items. Our net debt was INR532 crores as at 
31st December 2024. And our capex for the nine months period ending December '24 was 
INR173 crores. And this was mainly on account of our albumin facility, which is coming up.  
And with that brief update, I would now like to open the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question from 
the line of Kiran B from Table Tree Capital. 
Kiran B: 
Fantastic update of all the molecules. I have a broader question than any specific question. Are 
there any particular molecules that can give us a delta of INR100 crores, INR150 crores, INR200 
crores in FY '26? Because apart from Pemetrexed scaling, all the other molecules are relatively 
smaller is my understanding, but I'm happy to be corrected.  
So the answer that I'm trying to look for is, are there any molecules which can give us a delta 
over FY '25 about 100, 150, 200 crs more apart from Pemetrexed scaling up? Because OLC goal 
date is 28th June, then J-code and it will take time to scale. That's probably FY '27. So that's 
roughly what I'm trying to understand. 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Keshav Bhutada: 
I will not be able to tell it will be INR100 crores, INR150 crores or INR200 crores delta. But 
what I can tell you is the molecules what we have mentioned, mainly the NCE opportunities and 
our Nilotinib launch, Axitinib launch, Rotigotine launch, I think the delta in the revenue is surely 
possible.  
How much it will be that we have to see because as you can also understand, these are mainly 
NCE molecules, and being a 505(b)(2) product, more complex product. So I feel that giving the 
number for us currently is difficult. But I can tell you with mix of each of the opportunity, there 
is really a good opportunity for the company. 
Kiran B: 
Got it. Then sir, the other question that I have is Pemetrexed, we launched maybe in Q4 FY '24, 
but let's say, Q1 FY '25. So we have taken about a year for Pemetrexed to really start scaling. Is 
that going to be a similar case for all the other molecules as well? So for example, bortezomib 
we're going to launch in Q1 FY '26.  
Is it going to take 1 more year because even Pemetrexed, we had J-code, we had everything. Is 
it how the market dynamic usually works that it takes offer all the 505(b)(2) products because 
of the payer and insurance and everything else. Does it take a year to scale? I mean, just like 
Pemex is taking, will bortezomib and the other launches in the US take similar amount of time? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
No, Kiran, I'll try to help you understand. Pemetrexed was the first 505(b)(2) injectable launch 
for our partner also. So, there were some codes which we had to apply for this product, which 
were applied post approval. But what we have done is in bortezomib case, we have done 
differently. So, once we had approval, we immediately applied for codes.  
It take more time for J-code approval. So in case of bortezomib, that is already available now 
for us, which we have recently received. And with that only, our partner is planning to launch in 
April. So I'm very sure that for bortezomib, the case will be better, and we should have a revenue 
ramp-up as we will be the only RTU player with subcutaneous use, which is a big indication in 
bortezomib. It will be a better opportunity for us for sure. 
Kiran B: 
Got it, sir. And my final question on the OLC, Oxylanthanum Carbonate. So OLC, 5 million 
tablets by June 2025, additional 10 million by December 2025. So I'm just trying to understand 
the dynamics here. OLC goal date is 28th June. Hopefully, we get the approval within 28th June. 
And then the J-code application and all those things are going to happen, right? So this 15 million 
tablets that we are pushing in the market, we can't really push in the market. Is that a fair 
understanding? And therefore, the real growth in OLC will happen only in FY '27? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
No!. One is the launch, but this being an NCE molecule. Our partner is not planning a direct 
launch. There is a different strategy, which they are adopting, which I'll not be able to disclose. 
But what I can tell you is for OLC, for next year, already 10 million tablets order is confirmed 
for us. And the supplies are planned accordingly. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from SIMPL. 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Thanks for a detailed input on each of the assets. It's really helpful. So as these products now get 
launched into the market, so would we see that the license fee income, which we received this 
year would drop off and it would move more towards formulation sales, how should we 
understand the dynamics between the license fees and the actual formulation sales? So would 
there be a drop-off? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
There are 2 things which you should understand. One is the existing products, once the approval 
comes, that will move to the sales revenue, you are very right. But for the company every year, 
we add at least 4 to 5 new complex pipelines, which we have already been doing for last 4, 5 
years. So there is already a pipeline. If you go through our investor presentation, there are already 
5 differentiated products which are already in Phase II, some are in Phase III, some are in 
preclinical or some are close to filing and approval.  
So those molecules will also get out-licensed. So there will be a licensing income, which will 
start coming in from these new molecules, which are already under execution. So, dynamics will 
be the existing molecules once the approval comes, we will move to the sales revenue and the 
new molecules for which already we have been investing from last 3, 4 years. their licensing 
income will start coming in. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. Secondly, on the API side. So just at a broader level, some of the companies did mention 
that the pricing pressure in the API has again come back. And if we look at our onco sales and 
the non-onco sales, year-on-year or over the last 3 quarters, we have seen a drop off. Is it more 
pricing driven? Or is it just a difference in terms of when the molecules will start getting the 
supplies? Is it a timing difference? Or is it actually a pricing pressure also you are witnessing? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Very good question, Nikhil. So I think for us because as you understand that at Shilpa API, 
mainly we are manufacturing more of a complex APIs and not a me-too generics. So, we have 
not had so much of pricing pressure, but the major decline what we have experienced in our 
oncology business this year against last year was because of our major customers who has 
received some regulatory issues in last financial year. So, they have worked on remediation and 
after that, slowly quarter-on-quarter, the revenues started kicking up. But what we have done is 
for this year, we have taken this as an opportunity.  
And all the new molecules which were in our pipeline, which we couldn't execute for validation 
and DMF filing and for future growth, that execution we have done in current financial year, 
which has resulted in revenue decline. But because, again, these are complex APIs and not many 
players have it, and we will supply to our own formulation and to the external customers, with 
classic example being Nilotinib, where we have a non-infringing API. So we are mainly focusing 
on building such pipeline in our existing production blocks, which will improve the efficiency 
of the block as well as it will give us increase in revenue. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. So to some extent, we are prepared for the future, and we've used this opportunity to put 
our capacities and be ready on the back end. So whenever demands come, we are ready with the 
supply. 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, we already have some visibility that there will be a demand for some products where we 
have selected and worked on these products. So that is the pipeline on which we are mainly 
focusing. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. In the Europe, On formulations, we've seen this jump from current run rate of INR12 -16 
crores to INR35 crores. And if I understand our commentary of previous quarters, it's only one 
product which we have launched this quarter and the rest 2 would be launched in Q4 and Q1. Is 
that understanding correct? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes, its largely due to Nilotinib launch and this is likely to continue for quarters to come. Apart 
from that, Axitinib, which is a second molecule, will be launched in Q1 FY '26. And then there 
are a series of launches in upcoming quarters. So yes, you are right that our existing Nilotinib 
will continue to have revenues, which is already launched, and then there is a pipeline of 
upcoming launches. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
And this Nilotinib opportunity, how long do you see can remain a limited competition kind of 
opportunity? Because earlier in last call, you had mentioned we would be the first generic player. 
But when do you see competition can come in or any sense if you can give there? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Currently, it is difficult for us to give any thought there. But we feel at least for a couple of 
quarters, we'll not have any competition. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule Ventures. 
Krisha Kansara: 
So sir, my first question is on our API division. So in the last Concall, you had indicated that the 
European API segment is now set for a good growth in the coming quarters. And in the last 6 
months or so, we have received close to 4 or 5 API approvals for Europe market, including 
Desmopressin, UDCA and many other approvals. So how do you see Europe as a market shaping 
up for us? If you could give us the context as to how much of our API sales in, let's say, in this 
quarter or 9 months were contributed by Europe market? And what is your view on European 
API segment in the upcoming quarters?  
Keshav Bhutada: 
In API when we are selling to our formulation, for many of the partners, they don't take molecule 
by saying that we are taking only for Europe. It will be for a global market because we make 
single quality for all the grades. So for me, it will be difficult to give you exact percentage as to 
how much of our API is going to Europe because many of the partners are using our API for 
US, Europe, ROW and many multiple markets.  
But Europe business and rest of the world market is again a very big opportunity. And since we 
have a pipeline of products like UDCA, Tranexamic Acid or some complex molecules in 
Peptides like Desmopressin, Octreotide, Liraglutide for which now our DMF is ready. So, what 
will happen is in quarters for years to come, these all will start giving us a delta of revenue.  
So, I'll not be able to give you an exact percentage of how much it will be, but we are positive 
that all these new molecules, what we have in pipeline will start adding revenues. And since you 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
can understand that for many of the formulations which are launched and to be launched, we are 
backward integrated, which will be a source of revenue for us from Europe market. 
Krisha Kansara: 
So, for us going forward, Europe will be a key market is what we can assume, right? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Not only Europe, but it will be a mix, like when we are doing CDMO for multiple partners, they 
are mainly targeting US market. So I will say it's a mix of US, Europe and rest of the world 
market. 
Krisha Kansara: 
In our biosimilar segment, so we reported close to INR18 crores of top line in this quarter. Now 
correct me if I'm wrong, but our entire biosimilar revenue as of now is coming from Adalimumab 
and CDMO projects that we have. And previous quarter, we did INR31 crores in sales in this 
segment. So it has come down from INR31 crores to INR18 crores. So is it fair to assume that 
this is because of the CDMO project lumpiness nature? Or are we seeing some kind of a 
slowdown in the Adalimumab segment? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
I think we are not seeing any lumpiness in our biologics business. It's mainly because of 
seasonality of our customers, especially in CDMO. Like in last quarter, we had given one big 
supply to one of our Korean partner for their Phase I and preclinical supply, which actually gave 
us a big growth. But apart from that, you are right that our current major revenues are coming 
from CDMO and Adalimumab sales. But going forward, you will start seeing more of the 
revenues from multiple licensing opportunities in multiple markets. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Okay. So will you be able to give a breakup of, let's say, how much was from Adalimumab then 
from CDMO. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
At this juncture, we wouldn't be providing those details. But as Keshav was mentioning, 
Adalimumab is having consistent sales currently. So we are not seeing any challenges over there. 
CDMO business remains lumpy depending on the development stage. So to that extent, yes, 
there will be lumpiness.  
Krisha Kansara: 
Okay. And if we observe our gross profit margin has improved significantly. If we compare on 
a sequential basis, it is up from 65% to 72%. But the same has not been translated into EBITDA 
because of an increase in other expense. So I wanted to understand as in what drove our other 
expenses. Was there any onetime expense that we took in this quarter? Were there some 
remediation expenses that we took in this quarter? Or what was the composition? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes. So there are a couple of items over there. I think one of the things is that because of the 
developmental cycle that we have, some of our R&D spends during the quarter have been on a 
higher side as compared to what it has been in the past. Also, due to euro exchange rate going 
against the exporters, there has been an exchange loss as well. These 2 have been the main 
contributors for the other expenses going up during this quarter. But I think going forward, it 
should come back into the normal region. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Okay. So what was the remediation expense in this quarter? 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Remediation expense was not significant, maybe roughly about INR2-odd crores, not much. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from Intelsense Capital. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
There are so many segments, CDMO, non-CDMO, biologics, FDF. I am very new to the 
business, and it's very complicated. So can you maybe just give some sort of a 2-, 3-year revenue 
and EBITDA guidance? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Sorry, as a policy we do not provide any guidance.  
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Coming to specifics. First question now is on the biologics. So, we have these 5, 6 assets in 
biologics and then also, I think recombinant albumin, some commercialization, which is 
expected towards the end of FY '26. So, can we expect, biologic to become, let's say, INR300 
crores business for us in FY '27? I mean is that like a reasonable estimate? Can business have 
that kind of trajectory? Or do you think it will take longer? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So first, as I mentioned, as a policy, we don't provide any guidance. I think what we can tell you 
is that the way our business is building up with development happening for our pipeline products 
as well as the CDMO contract pipeline that is building up for us. I think we see a very good 
traction happening in our biologics business, and we should be able to generate sizable revenues 
going forward.  
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. What is our total CDMO revenue? Because I am confused. In API segment, you say some 
CDMO revenue of INR25 crores in 3Q and INR62 crores for nine months. And then there is this 
licensing services revenue in formulation. So maybe can you help me with the 9 months 
numbers, what is our total CDMO revenue, all development plus commercialization combined? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So again, this CDMO revenue that we have got in API business is north of INR60 crores during 
the nine months period. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And then there is no CDMO revenue booked in FDF? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
No. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And then so what is this licensing services component? Maybe can you just explain that 
a little bit? And I think earlier participant also asked how will this move in, FY '26, FY '27? Can 
this component decline? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Since you are new to the business, I'll give you some understanding. See, Shilpa Medicare as a 
company, we are mainly into B2B. In all the markets, except India for a few of the molecules. 
So what happens is for all our pipeline molecules, we partner with some of our partners like we 
have relations in Europe, US and multiple markets.  
So for each of these molecules, we partner with some company to sell the molecule. So when 
we partner with them, there will be upfront licensing fee and then there will be various 
milestones on approval on launch, post-launch sales achievement milestones. So these are all 
revenues which are called as licensing income. Is it clear? 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Yes. So, it is not CDMO though, it is kind of like out-licensing for our products we have 
developed in generics. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes. Fundamental difference in licensing and CDMO would be that in licensing, the IP belongs 
to us. We own the IP. We have developed it on our own account. After developing that IP, we 
have given the license for the IP to somebody else. In CDMO, we do the development for our 
partners. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And then, sir, maybe another question is, this OLC that we are developing for Unicycive. 
Can you give some sense of the market opportunity? How large a product can this be? I mean, 
however you want to explain it by number of patients or therapy or application, but how large 
can this product be? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Just to tell in simple words, this molecule going forward, it's for our end customer, it's likely to 
be more than $1 billion opportunity. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And we are a single source supplier, for API and formulation? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Neha Kharodia from Abakkus. 
Neha Kharodia: 
So, my first question was regarding the API business. So, in case of oncology business, we were 
expecting the supplies to Intas to improve in the coming quarters as per our commentary in the 
Q2. So just wanted to understand the reason behind the decline in the current quarter for the 
same and why there was lumpiness in the client business? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
The Intas business against the last year in Q3 once they had the remediation issues. From there, 
it has significantly improved in current financial year. But it is still ramping up. So as per our 
end customer, they are hoping to do better for next financial year with respect to our API supplies 
also. So that is the understanding we have with Intas. Still, it is ramping up, it is not fully ramped 
currently. That is why you will see this. It's slowly increasing.  
And since in the last financial year, these were very big revenues, from Intas. So, you will always 
see that degrowth. But what we are also doing is, the blocks where we were manufacturing for 
Intas, in those blocks we have currently changed our production plan, and we are manufacturing 
some more high-value complex good gross margin products, for which currently we will have 
some pain for some quarters. But for next financial year, they will again contribute to the 
commercial revenues. 
Neha Kharodia: 
Okay. Sir, but even sequentially, we have seen a decline in the oncology business. So, like the 
supplies have further reduced to Intas or was it led by some other reason? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes. Sequentially, it has decreased mainly because of Intas and for some of our products where 
we have orders, but we have taken production of Nilotinib because that's an important launch 
for our formulation. So, because of that, you will see a decline in the current quarter because in 
those blocks now we are manufacturing mainly Nilotinib for our formulation. 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Neha Kharodia: 
Okay. So the situation for oncology business, if my understanding is correct, is likely to improve 
from Q1 and probably in Q4 as well, we can see some pressure on the oncology business? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes. I think from Q1, there will be improvement. 
Neha Kharodia: 
Understood. And also on the non-oncology business, so with the Tranexamic Acid expansion, 
we expect the commercial supplies from Q4. So how should one look at the non-oncology 
business because there also we have seen sequential as well as year-on-year decline? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes. In non-oncology, what we have done is for some of our molecules, which we were 
manufacturing for many years like Ambroxol, Phenylephrine, there we have reduced our 
production and for those production blocks, we have now replaced with high-value products like 
UDCA, which will also go in the export markets and followed by NorUDCA, which is for a 
formulation for NAFLD. So going forward, in FY '26, the old molecules, which were not giving 
a significant revenue jump, those molecules we have replaced with some better molecules with 
better margins. So, you will see a good increase in the non-oncology business also starting from 
Q1. 
Neha Kharodia: 
Understood. And also, regarding the tax rate. So as of last quarter, it was at 51%, and we had 
guided that it is likely to come down to 35%. So just wanted to understand the reasons for 
improvement in the current quarter? And how should one look at the tax rate going forward? 
Will the 24% level of the current quarter be sustainable or how to look at it? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
The current quarter numbers that have come up, there are certain MAT credits and all that have 
come in, which may not necessarily continue. But as we had guided that we were taking certain 
measures to arrest the tax leakage happening on account of intercompany loans and all. So, a 
large chunk of that we have done that has helped us from an overall perspective. And as I had 
guided last time also that overall, we are likely to remain in the region of 35% tax rate. 
Neha Kharodia: 
For FY '26? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes. We should reach nearer to that. We are currently at about 39%, 40% for the 9 months. So, 
we might be slightly a couple of percentage points higher during this year. But next year 
onwards, we should reach 35% our tax rate. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Deepak Sharma, an Individual Investor. 
Deepak Sharma: 
How will the Trump policy impact the export revenue of the company? If yes, then how much 
there will be impact on which segment? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
I think on the Trump recent announcement on tariff, whatever they have given. still, I think 
multiple things they have not clarified how much will be the tax rate and for which therapy of 
drugs, etcetera. But what I can tell you is if you have gone through our numbers also majorly, in 
our formulations, still the US revenues are not significant. And the molecules which we are 
manufacturing are more of a life-saving drugs. We think this should not have significant impact, 
but we should observe in quarters to come. 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Deepak Sharma: 
Okay. Will you sustain the EBITDA margin of 26% to 27% in the coming quarters? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, that should be sustainable, as I was mentioning in my commentary as well that we do 
believe that there are opportunities to improve it further. But certainly, 26%, 27% is 
maintainable. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Vishal from Systematix. 
Vishal: 
One clarification on Nilotinib and Axitinib. So, since you have launched this ahead of others on 
the market through a non-infringing route, so basically, have you been able to kind of circumvent 
the patents around this and launch it earlier? Is that the case here? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes. 
Vishal: 
Okay. So, how long this window will last for you? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
That depends on how the litigation goes for other partners for which we don't have clear 
information. But as I mentioned, at least for a couple of quarters, we will be the only generic, 
what we feel. 
Vishal: 
And post that, do you still expect this to be limited competition? Or you would expect kind of 
markets getting flooded with several generics? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
No, this is a very complex product. So, I will not say that there will be like 10, 20 generics like 
that. But how many will come, how the market will shape up, I think we have to observe. 
Vishal: 
Okay. And are you also kind of trying to build on this opportunity for the US markets through 
the non-infringing route? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
No. US has a different strategy, and we think at the moment there is no opportunity for this 
molecule in US for us. 
Vishal: 
Okay. And with respect to the Rotigotine transdermal patch, you would be a generic, a 
substitutable generic, right? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Correct. You're right. 
Vishal: 
Okay. So, it would be easier to garner market share. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, you're right. 
Vishal: 
Okay. And just on this licensing income, if you can kind of talk about the events that trigger a 
licensing income for you? And, some guidance on a broad range, like if you can set a floor for 
the licensing income that you would expect probably a basic level of licensing income that you 
can generate every year with whatever assets you have currently? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So, I think as far as the various milestones related to licensing income is concerned, Keshav 
already explained those, that each contract is different. And depending on various milestones 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
that you reach within the contract, which could be either submission of a dossier or completion 
of certain studies or filing of the dossier receipt or marketing authorization approval, launch of 
product, there could be several such milestones for which licensing revenues can be generated 
or triggered. But it differs from contract to contract.  
As far as setting any expectations or floor for the licensing fee and all, I think what we have been 
mentioning is, see, we are a B2B company. So, this is part of our regular business that we would 
develop products, and we would generate licensing income out of it. How much is the quantum 
and all will be dependent on each opportunity that comes up, the kind of product, which is there, 
the kind of market potential that the product has. So, it is very difficult to quantify or provide 
any guidance on that. 
Vishal: 
Okay. So just if you could share whether there was a onetime lumpy licensing contribution from 
a single product this year? And so, if you could share that? We have different opportunities that 
we have worked on, right? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
We have had different opportunities that we had worked on and we can't disclose specifics about 
any contract because of the confidential nature of the agreements that we have. 
Vishal: 
Maybe whether there was a single product contributing to a large part of the licensing income, 
Not the name of the product. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
As I mentioned, we have a number of such opportunities, which we have worked on. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
So, just to clarify, for the current year, we did not have a licensing fee only for 1 product or 2, 3 
products. It was a mix of more than, I can tell you, at least 15, 20 products in different customers 
in different territory with multiple products, multiple strengths. So, it is very difficult to quantify 
exactly that. But I can tell you it's from a multiple pipeline product. 
Vishal: 
Okay. And on the biosimilar Aflibercept opportunity. Do we have the block manufacturing 
Aflibercept capitalized or once it is commercialized, you will capitalize the asset then? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes. The capitalization will happen once everything is completed, and the product is ready and 
all. So, capitalization has not yet happened fully over there. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Just to carry over from the previous participant on licensing. Is it just fair to assume that given 
you have highlighted so many new products that you are working on and a lot of opportunities 
are closer to commercialization or in advanced stages, that licensing income should continue to 
be a major driver of both revenue and profitability for us going forward over the next maybe 
couple of years? Not looking beyond that, but in the foreseeable future, do you think that it will 
continue to be a major driver? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes, it's right. I'll not say it will be only a major driver, but it will be one of the major drivers. 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Vishal: 
Got it. So, we should continue to model for licensing as one of the important revenue drivers for 
the firm. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes. We are a B2B company, And yes this will be an income which will continue for us every 
quarter. It can be sometimes very high, sometimes it can be down against previous quarters, but 
it will be there every quarter. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Second, on CDMO, so when the contract with Unicycive came up, I think it caught a lot of 
people by surprise who are not aware that Shilpa is in advanced stages of development in any 
CDMO project. Maybe you would like to highlight overall strategy behind building our CDMO 
business across API as well as biologics. And if there are any other products that may be 
similarly placed, which could come up over the next couple of years in terms of 
commercialization possibility? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
So, there are a lot of molecules already in pipeline, and the main focus is on CDMO because 
these are surely a good gross margin business. And also, once if you have a good customer where 
you are supplying API and if you get even formulation, you will be one of the only suppliers for 
them or at least there will be a second source or third source opportunity. So, it will be a sizable 
opportunity as and when there are milestones which our partner will achieve. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Maybe, if you can qualitatively highlight what kind of efforts the company is doing to build up 
the revenues of the business development of CDMO specifically? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes. Like company has a good talent pool in various markets, starting from US, Europe and 
some high-quality rest of the world markets. And since one good thing with us, many people ask 
us that we are into so many segments, but that is the main strength what Shilpa has. Because we 
are into API, we are into formulations, we do Peptides, we do Polymers, we do Biologics, we 
do fermentation, so when we go to any customer, we have multiple offerings. And if we enter 
with them in any of this one vertical, that's a hit for us. So that is the kind of advantage which 
company has. 
Tushar Bohra: 
If you can highlight on albumin besides the therapeutic grade, if any efforts are being taken to 
develop it for excipients and cell culture, etcetera? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, on excipient grade, we are focusing on developing some clients, where we want to start 
feeding them samples. So, there is a business development team, which we have appointed, and 
they have joined. So slowly, there is an effort now getting started for selling this excipient grade, 
which we are doing for the first time. So, we have to observe how it will evolve now in the 
upcoming financial year. 
Tushar Bohra: 
If you can highlight more on the ADC side, what are we doing exactly on antibody drug 
conjugate? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes. Because we manufacture biologics, we have small molecule capabilities also. So, we have 
now taken some ADC molecules in our pipeline. Similar to how things are today where in top 5 
molecules globally, 2-3 are Biologics.  
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
So same way for ADCs will get into picture in the coming years. This being more targeted than 
even biologics. So, we are well positioned because we have biologics, we have small molecules 
where we can manufacture payloads, linkers, etcetera. So together, we have very good 
manufacturing and development capability of ADCs now. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Bhawani Shankar Somani, an Individual Investor. 
Bhawani Shankar Somani: We have big product being lined up for launch in next financial year. So, I wanted to know from 
the management perspective, which are the top 3 products, which according to you will be the 
biggest revenue generator next financial year. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, the top 3 molecules will surely be Nilotinib, Axitinib and our CDMO products what we are 
doing broadly. 
Bhawani Shankar Somani: Okay. I have a question slightly different from the business perspective. So, there are a few 
promoters. I think they have been with the company for like 6, 7 years, but now they are trying 
themselves to be reclassified to public category specific reason or? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
I think some of the promoter family people who are not involved in the business, they have not 
been actively doing anything. They have not been participating in anything. And obviously, as 
promoter group, there are additional responsibilities cast on you. So, it was just more of a 
compliance-related requirement that was coming up, which they wanted to avoid, nothing more 
than that. 
Bhawani Shankar Somani: Okay. Like you mentioned in biologics segment about one new project being signed up in food 
sector. So, I just wanted to know more about like what's the product and what the project 
basically is like. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
It's one of the projects, which is developed by fermentation. I wont be able to disclose the 
molecule name, but it's a CDMO project where the client has regular commercial requirements. 
And now we will be the one more source for them where the development activity he has 
initiated with us. 
Bhawani Shankar Somani: So, will that be launched in India and/or other foreign countries? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
It's mainly for export market. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we'll take that as the last question for today. I 
now hand over the call to management team for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Thank you very much. Thanks, everybody, for your continued interest in Shilpa. We hope we 
were able to answer most of your queries. If you have any follow-on questions or queries, you 
can reach out to our IR team, and we will get back to you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. On behalf of Shilpa Medicare Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
L 
I Innovating for 
... 
affordable healthcare 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
,£,_ I Innovating for 
.,_ affordable healthcare 
