 
Godrej Properties Limited 
Regd. Office: Godrej One 
5th Floor, Pirojshanagar,  
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai – 400 079. India 
Tel.: +91-22-6169-8500 
Fax: +91-22-6169-8888 
Website: www.godrejproperties.com 
 
             CIN: L74120MH1985PLC035308 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Ref: Godrej Properties Limited  
          BSE - Script Code: 533150, Scrip ID – GODREJPROP 
BSE - Security Code - 974950, 974951, 975090, 975091, 975856, 975857, 976000 - Debt Segment  
          NSE Symbol - GODREJPROP  
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call with the investors/ analysts. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A, Para A of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the conference call organized with the investors/ analysts on Tuesday, February 4, 2025, 
post declaration of unaudited financial results (standalone and consolidated) for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours truly, 
For Godrej Properties Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Karyekar 
Company Secretary  
 
Enclosed as above 
 
Ashish 
Sudhakar 
Karyekar
Digitally signed by 
Ashish Sudhakar 
Karyekar 
Date: 2025.02.06 
17:23:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
  
 
“Godrej Properties Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PIROJSHA GODREJ – EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON – 
GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED  
 
MR. GAURAV PANDEY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GODREJ PROPERTIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJENDRA KHETAWAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED 
 
MR. KSHITIJ JAIN – INVESTOR RELATIONS – GODREJ 
PROPERTIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Godrej Properties Q3 FY '25 Results 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kshitij Jain from Godrej Properties. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Kshitij Jain: 
Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on Godrej Properties Q3 FY '25 results 
conference call. We have with us Mr. Pirojsha Godrej, Executive Chairperson; Mr. Gaurav 
Pandey, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat, CFO of the Company. 
Before we begin this call, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature. The forward-looking statements are based on future 
expectations and may involve risks. The outcome may differ materially from those suggested by 
such statements and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results presentation. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Godrej to make his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Godrej Properties third quarter financial 
year 2025 Conference Call. I'll begin by discussing the highlights of the quarter, and we then 
look forward to taking your questions and suggestions. Calendar year 2024 was a record-
breaking year for Godrej Properties. Our booking value reached INR28,800 crores, a year-on-
year growth of 69%, and this was achieved through the sale of 26.38 million square feet of area, 
a volume growth of 54%. This is the highest ever booking value and volume achieved by any 
listed real estate developer in India in a calendar year. 
Collections and operating cash flow were INR14,779 crores, a year-on-year growth of 40%, and 
INR6,043 crores, a year-on-year growth of 52%, respectively. We delivered projects aggregating 
18 million square feet across 7 cities during the calendar year. 
Furthermore, we replenished even more than what we sold by adding 16 new projects with an 
estimated saleable area of 29.1 million square feet and expected booking value of INR36,250 
crores. Our earnings were also the highest ever with net profit of INR1,489 crores, a year-on-
year growth of 124%. 
Towards the end of the year, we raised INR6,000 crores of equity for growth capital through the 
largest ever QIP by a real estate company in India. As a result, our net debt-to-equity ratio has 
improved to 0.23 from 0.72 at the start of the calendar year. 
Booking value in the 9 months of the current financial year grew 48% to INR19,281 crores from 
the sale of 18.2 million square feet of area, a volume growth 54%. This is the highest ever 9-
month booking value and area sold achieved by Godrej Properties or any Indian real estate 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
developer. GPL has now achieved 71% of its annual guidance for booking value for FY '25. So 
we remain confident of meeting and exceeding our guidance for the year. 
The Mumbai region has seen very sharp growth this year with total sales of INR5,155 crores, a 
year-on-year growth of 104%. For the third quarter, our booking value was INR5,446 crores 
from the sale of a little over 4 million square feet of area, a decline of 5% year-on-year in booking 
value and a growth of 5% quarter-on-quarter. 
GPL achieved a booking value of more than INR5,000 crores, even though a couple of new 
project launches, including Godrej Madison Avenue in our new launch in Hyderabad, which is 
currently underway, and Godrej Riverine in Sector 44 in Noida, which is also currently 
underway. But both of these have been planned for quarter 3 and ended up being launched in the 
early part of quarter 4 instead. 
This is the sixth consecutive quarter in which Godrej Properties has delivered more than 
INR5,000 crores of booking value. And for the first time in Indian real estate, we were able to 
deliver INR500 crores-plus launches in five separate cities in all parts of the country with 
launches of over INR500 crores in value in the West in Mumbai and Pune, in the North in 
Gurgaon, in the South in Bangalore and in the East in Kolkata. 
GPL also achieved its highest ever 9-month collections and operating cash flow of INR10,086 
crores, a year-on-year growth of 50% and INR3,436 crores, a year-on-year growth of 99%, 
respectively. Collections and operating cash flow in the third quarter were INR3,069 crores and 
INR615 crores, respectively. 
From a business development perspective, I'm happy to announce that Godrej Properties has 
added 12 new projects in the year-to-date, with a total estimated saleable area of approximately 
16.9 million square feet and total estimated booking value potential of INR23,450 crores as 
against our annual guidance of INR20,000 crores. This included 4 new projects with an 
estimated saleable area of 5.9 million square feet and expected booking value of INR10,800 
crores added in the third quarter. 
 
GPL delivered projects aggregating 2.6 million square feet in two cities in the third quarter, 
taking the year-to-date total to 11.9 million square feet of delivery. Slightly lower deliveries in 
the third quarter were part of the reason that cash flows for the quarter saw quarter-on-quarter 
decline, but we have a lot of deliveries and other construction milestones planned in the fourth 
quarter and expect to see a sharp growth in both collections and operating cash flow in the current 
quarter. 
For the third quarter, our total income increased by 133% to INR1,222 crores. EBITDA 
increased by 85% to INR280 crores, and net profit increased by 161% to INR163 crores. For the 
9 months, our total income increased by 74% to INR4,203 crores. EBITDA increased by 144% 
to INR1,336 crores. And net profit increased by 301% to INR1,018 crores. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
We hope to build on this momentum through the launch of a large number of exciting new 
projects combined with strong customer sales. We also expect to deliver a record year from the 
point of view of cash flows and earnings. 
On that note, I conclude my remarks. Thank you again for joining us on this call. We'd now be 
happy to discuss your questions, comments or suggestions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from Puneet from HSBC. 
Puneet: 
My first question is, if you can share your thoughts about the sustenance sales momentum, a lot 
of your sales are also driven by launches. How should one think about the fair number of 
sustenance sales on a quarterly basis? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thanks, Puneet. I think -- we think we've seen pretty strong track record of consistent sales. As 
I mentioned in my remarks, last quarter was the sixth consecutive quarter we've been able to sell 
over INR5,000 crores worth of inventory. I think that's an industry record. Similarly, we sold -- 
had sales of over INR500 crores across 5 cities in all parts of the country. So we do see this sales 
growth has been quite sustainable. 
We've done ahead of our business development targets for the year already, lining up a good 
launch portfolio for the next couple of years. So I don't see currently any challenge in 
maintaining the kind of strong sales we've seen over the last couple of years. 
Puneet: 
Sorry, sorry. My question is in context of your guidance, where to meet your full-year guidance, 
you need to do about INR7,700 crores of presales and the balance unlaunched value of your 
inventory is also somewhere slightly shy of INR7,000 crores. So how confident are you of 
meeting your guidance here? And you'll need a decent amount of sustenance sales to run you 
through, isn't it? Or... 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
We're extremely confident, Puneet. If you look at kind of the track record of the company over 
the last year, Q4 does tend to be a pretty strong quarter with a larger percentage of full annual 
sales than is required this year to meet our guidance. We will, of course, need good sustenance 
sales, and we're seeing some sustenance sales, but we actually have a very strong launch 
portfolio as well for the fourth quarter, so we're already in process of launching our projects -- 
our first project in Hyderabad, which is going very well so far. 
We're launching a new project in Noida, which again, early signs are very positive. We have 
additional launches planned in Bangalore, Pune, Mumbai and another launch in Gurgaon. So I 
think the launch calendar itself is very robust, but we do have also given the large number of 
launches last quarter, a healthy amount of sustenance inventory. So we're extremely confident 
of meeting our full-year guidance. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
And just to add on to that, we've already crossed last full-year sustenance figures already. In 
fact, the year-on-year growth is about 40%. So the launch numbers are the ones that will drive. 
Sustenance anyways is going on the right trajectory. With the 2 launches that slipped from 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
quarter 3 to quarter 4, will give us the fillip to strengthen the quarter 4 numbers, but they're still 
actually quite doing rock solid. 
Puneet: 
Yes. Okay. So should one also think that your launch number for full year will be higher than 
what you've guided maybe start of '25? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. 
Puneet: 
Okay. That's helpful. And secondly, if you can also talk about what you're seeing in terms of 
progress on your Bangalore site, so Bangalore market has picked up this time? How are you 
seeing your market share growing there? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think we've been very happy with the growth in Bangalore. If you look at it, I think last year, 
as we look back, we were, of course, extremely happy with the overall sales performance growth 
of 84% and hitting a total of INR22,500 crores of booking value. I think where we felt we could 
have done even better is perhaps last year's sales were a little over reliant on NCR with almost 
a 45% contribution from that market last year. 
One of the goals for this year in addition to strong overall growth was to see a better balance 
amongst the different regions we are in. So if you look at our sales, both in Bangalore, which 
has grown -- our 9-month numbers, in fact, doubled our full-year numbers of last year. And 
Mumbai, also for the first 3 quarters, grown at 100%. 
So I think both of those markets have seen very strong growth, and we've had a much more 
balanced sales performance this year across our top 3 markets, and we're hoping to also see the 
Pune market contribute more over the next few quarters. 
And I think with Hyderabad being our new market entry, we're quite hopeful this quarter we will 
see very strong kind of initial outcomes there. One project, as I said, is already in the market. 
We're hoping to get the final approvals for the second one and launch that one next month as 
well. And if we're able to do that, I think that would be an excellent entry into the Hyderabad 
market also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
First is on the launches for Q4, you briefly highlighted some of them. Any broad number in 
terms of the total revenue potential that you are expecting to launch this quarter, including the 
couple of launches, which are already in process? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thanks, Pritesh. Pritesh, just to give you a sort of insight into our Q4 launch calendar and subject 
to, of course, some of these are in approval stages, but some head start, like Sector 44 Noida, 
which is the central CBD market of Noida, we will have a -- hopefully, a big blockbuster launch 
over there. This is going to be a very meaningful launch for North portfolio. Then we have 
another launch coming in the central CBD micro market of Gurgaon's Golf Course Road, which 
is going to hit the market in Sector 54. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Coming down to South, apart from Pirojsha, what he just talked about Hyderabad launches, we 
have something in fairly advanced stage of approvals in Sector -- this is like the northern part of 
Bangalore. We have like 66 acres of land. A large portion of that we intend to launch within the 
quarter. And that is, again, going to be a very significant number. 
On the Pune market per se, we have launch planned in Hinjewadi. As you would know, we 
launched a project just last quarter, which incidentally is now Pune's highest launch ever. So this 
is going to be very near to that micro market only, in Hinjewadi itself. We are quite excited about 
that launch. We hope to launch something in Indore as plotted development, something near 
Kolkata, the recent plotted acquisition we've done. 
And in Bombay, we have a series of activations and launches ranging from reserve project that 
we have to Carmichael to Vashi to Bhandup, a retail phase of that. So yes, I mean pretty large 
sort of launch calendar. Difficult to really say how much total inventory we would want to 
launch. It depends if in case we realize that some approvals are getting needed, we might open 
more inventory and vice versa. 
But fair to say that the guidance that we've given to you, we should be more or less be able to 
beat that from the launch end itself. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. Got it. That's helpful. Just on Mumbai, Worli launch, will this happen this year or next 
year? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
We're still hoping to get it done this year. But I think the reason we haven't mentioned that as 
one of the launches is there is some uncertainty on final approval time. Very advanced stage of 
approval, so we are still hopeful we will get the approval. But then, to get the approval also, if 
we can't start getting through March to get the approvals, we may choose to launch it next year 
so that we have a few weeks to get to launch fully planned and prepared. So it's -- I'd say it's a 
bit of 50-50 right now whether that gets launched this year or next. But I think it's either end of 
this quarter or first quarter next year. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Got it. And just on the launch strategy of late, I'm seeing we are giving a little more time 
to the launches. Any specific strategy in place or probably we are just taking -- considering 
where we are in the market right now, we are taking a little bit more time to generate as much 
EOIs for the project, and hence, a little bit more time for launches? Or -- you can guide me on 
where I -- what my thought process is, yes? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Yes. Essentially, what happened, in quarter 3, we had 2 launches planned within the quarter. In 
fact, we did get the approval, but it was almost towards the quarter end, and there is this -- a 
period where buyers don't feel like buying in these 2 geographies. So we took an informed call 
that after Makar Sankranti is when the good days for buying properties would start. So we could 
actually frankly push that, at least one of those launches within the quarter. 
But these are very tangible numbers, whether it's the Noida launch or the Hyderabad launch, and 
eventually, we're not really playing a quarter game, we're playing more of a long-term game, but 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
yes, that's the main reason behind the recent movement between the quarter. Otherwise, it is 
pretty much straightforward that wherever we feel is demand. 
That being said, the only thing I'll say is that there is some amount of price calibration we started 
wanting for ourselves. So now the fact that we have sold a lot of inventory in some micro 
markets, our residual inventory or the launch also is not like very, very massive to our total 
inventory size. 
So sometimes there is a temptation to improve profit margin and calibrate the opportunity. So 
yes, we do once in a while we see that, but that's very tactical adjustment, nothing really strategic 
in that sense. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. And one last, and then, I'll go on to the follow-up. But for NCR, I mean we have a flattish 
9 months. Obviously, last year was pretty strong. And considering that now we are more into 
luxury side of -- or premium side of launches in that market, do you think that market from a 
contribution perspective has peaked out for us and might even be lower next year, considering 
we don't have any volume projects there, like we used to have in general, so your thoughts on 
NCR markets? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think it's a good question. But if I would put it this way, the reason why you saw 9 months 
reasonably flattish for NCR is also, some of the launch delays, like Sector 44, had that happened 
in quarter 3 itself, the numbers would have looked from a 9-month performance perspective 
fairly different. And if you would go down to the cities like Gurgaon, there are demand and 
pricing opportunities available on both sides with respect to the market. Yes, premium also is 
doing very well, and luxury is also doing very well. 
That being said, do I see that we will have multiple INR3,000 crores kind of launches? It will 
depend upon the BD portfolio. So if you see what we've done in Gurgaon specifically, we built 
a very strong portfolio on the Golf Course Road. And on the Noida side, we've got something in 
Sector 44 phase of which we launched now and maybe the next phase next year. And then, we 
have Greater Noida parcel. So I think the volume gain most likely will be Noida portfolio, and 
the value-accretive game would -- value accretive plus volume growth will be in Golf Course 
Road. 
So yes, I think fair to say that we'll maintain and grow over and above whatever we deliver this 
year. But yes, the exponential growth of 50%, 100% that we are noticing is also -- in other 
markets also a bit of a catch-up game to NCR, right? Because that is already doing INR10,000 
crores last year. 
Bangalore was, for example, doing INR2,500 crores. So just post there will be percentage wise 
very significant jump we would want other markets to do. But that being said, it doesn't mean 
that we would not like to grow our NCR portfolio. But yes, the percentage of growth will be 
different. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Praveen Choudhary from Morgan Stanley. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Praveen Choudhary: 
Congratulations on very strong presales this quarter. I have just one question. Are you seeing 
any areas, geographies or segments where the demand is looking weaker than, let's say, 6 months 
ago? And how are you countering that? And the related question is also the land banking that 
you have done in the last 6 months and the assumption that you may have for the margin. Do 
you think that margin will come under pressure if demand is weaker? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thanks, Praveen. I think we're continuing to see very strong market, frankly. As I mentioned 
earlier, we've seen INR500 crores plus launches across five cities in all parts of the country. We 
have seen 6 consecutive quarters INR5,000 crores plus sales. So I think these are all indications 
to us that markets remain strong. We've also been looking at pricing. So these are not -- these 
are strong sales at attractive price points above what we underwrote. So in that sense, margin 
should expand as a result of these. 
That said, I think, there was perhaps some level of euphoria in some markets 6, 12 months ago, 
but perhaps calmed down a little bit. But I think the markets continued to do very well, but 
perhaps not to the same degree of frothiness that perhaps some of the markets we're seeing. But 
as of now, nothing we're seeing confirms us that fundamentally demand is weakening and there's 
anything to be overly concerned about. 
We like that we're also very well distributed nationally and also across various micro markets 
within the cities we operate in, so we're not overly concentrated on any one geography or any 
one micro market, which will allow us, we think, to continue to show growth even if some 
individual markets slow down a little. 
So as of now, I think we think things remain healthy. We've, of course, taken note of kind of the 
overall economic slowdown in India over the last few months and some of the global uncertainty 
that's still unfolding. But we think the government is taking the right steps. I think the budget 
was a positive move. 
And we're quite hopeful that there will be an interest rate cut later this week. All of this, we 
think, will aid sentiments, and this is ultimately a sector that's quite driven by sentiment. So we'll 
keep an eye on all of this. But as of now, we think we remain in a very positive overall market 
condition. 
Praveen Choudhary: 
That's very reassuring. If I have just one follow-up on collections. Your year-to-date or calendar 
year collection and operating cash flow has been strong. But just looking at the December 
quarter, we saw some softness. It could be just temporary. I just wanted to understand if there 
was any factors affecting that, and the fact that next year, it will come back strongly. Can you 
talk about that? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
That's nothing too important here, Praveen. I think we expect a very, very strong Q4. I think it 
was a little bit lower number of deliveries. We only had a couple of million square feet of 
deliveries of that part of the commercial projects with no collection on. So there tends to be a 
little bit lumpy linked to deliveries, which we will see quite a few of in the fourth quarter. Yes, 
I mean, the quarterly number was a little low, but you'll see very strong full-year growth and I 
think very strong growth in the fourth quarter as well. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Gaurav Pandey: 
And, Praveen, because of NGT ban that you would be aware in NCR, some of the billing 
milestones had moved from quarter 3 to quarter 4. So as we speak from enough period of time 
right now, some of these are hitting. So yes, so some of this is more of a catch-up because of the 
NGT ban that typically NCR sees... 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies India. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
A couple of questions. So firstly, given where we are on the BD side for the year, so how do you 
expect this unfolding in the next, say, 1 or 2 quarters? And where do we expect the net gearing 
to be? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
You are referring to, Abhinav, BD strategies. Is that the question? 
Abhinav Sinha: 
That's right. BD and the corresponding net debt in the next few quarters? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think there are a few guiding principles that we have kind of set for ourselves, right? One is 
that we want to have very robust risk management, which is why we did QIP to manage growth 
and risk very well. So we would like to have an upper cap of about INR10,000 crores of net debt 
and currently our gearing is about 0.23. 
 
So we have a significant headroom to play the capital in terms of right opportunities. But also at 
the same time, you have to balance opportunities from potential of future. One is delivery of 
current, but you're also kind of predicting the market for the next 1 to 2 years. So there are certain 
cities and certain micro markets within those cities, we are more bullish upon. 
And we will be more analytical-driven at decision-making than deployment pressure-driven. 
And to be very fair, if you see, generally, Godrej Properties' strategy has been, irrespective of 
capital availability, we've gone very aggressive in a quarter and taken pause for 1 or 2 quarters 
if we don't find the deals, which are right. 
So fair to say that you will see a lot of growth and a lot of acquisitions in the next few quarters, 
but they can be lumpy in terms of when we feel the micro market is presenting the right 
opportunity at the right valuation. So yes, you'll see a lot of action on BD, but, again, very 
calibrated, very specific to need based and within a particular guidance and framework that we 
set for ourselves in terms of risk management. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Right. And, Gaurav, from a portfolio basis, we are now fairly premium as compared to, say, 2 
years back. But do you see this ratio sustaining here? Or we, let's say, head further more on the 
premium ladder? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
See, you're looking it from a growth point potential of the topline, is that your question? 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Let's say, from a -- more from a -- how do you plan your ticket sizes? Do you want to do more 
of large 3, 4 bedrooms? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Got it. I think there is a combination. So let me take a step back. What is the market -- which 
part of the market will always see very strong demand, agnostic to a cycle would always be 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
ticket size, which is between INR1 crores to INR5 crores depending on which city we pick up. 
That's always a market that operates agnostic to a cycle. The thing is that when the cycles are in 
mid-stage to slightly early part of late stage, consumers always have very aspirational demand. 
So it's not really just a ticket size game, it is product aspiration that most buyers have. 
Today, if you see, because of the economic growth and what we're seeing in terms of our own 
sales ratio, we have seen very strong demand in the premium segment, and to some extent, even 
in the luxury segment. But yes, 2 to 3 years from today, there will be, of course, an opportunity 
to reconfigure your product. So in certain cities, you may want to reduce the sizes, and in certain 
cities, you may want to or certain micro markets, you may want to maintain your sizes. 
Like if I give you an example today, the most talked about market from risk management point 
of view is Gurgaon, right? But if you see Gurgaon's sales performance, any project from the 
right developer at the right size of unit, by size of unit meaning minimum bedroom size is right, 
minimum balcony size is right, minimum kitchen size is right, are doing very well even if the 
ticket sizes are higher. 
And then there are projects which are playing a sort of a relatively smaller product game, are not 
necessarily as successful as that. So there is no generic principle, Abhinav. I know your question 
is coming mostly from the previous cycle when ticket sizes raise demand. I do think that will 
happen. But currently, if you ask me, it's very micro market specific. 
People are more conscious about product for the moment than ticket size alone. I think there will 
be ticket-size sensitivity sooner than later, but I don't see that immediate concern. But yes, there 
are cities like Pune, for example, is extremely ticket-size sensitive. Pune operates still the pre-
COVID model that your price accuracy and ticket price accuracy is far more higher, important. 
Bangalore used to be like that, but has moved to more of aspirational product today. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Right. And, Gaurav, one final question. So I think you partly answered this, but broadly, on Golf 
Course Road, we have, I think, north of INR10,000 crores worth of inventory with us. So how 
does this -- you see this annually being sold down? Are you going to have like, let's say, all 4 
projects launched by, say, middle of next year or something? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
See, the good thing about the inventory that we've added is like the cream de la creme inventory 
because that -- from a portfolio point of view, this is not even 10% of, say, our portfolio was, at 
a company level. So there is no pressure to sell them fast, right? These are opportunities which 
will create the maximum profit margins for us. So we would like to take every -- one project at 
a time, but not have that pressure to sell fast. We would rather focus on margin expansion and 
quality of sale. 
Just looking at Miraya, as an example, there were a series of, say, bookings, which we didn't 
want to log in because we had a very high control threshold from quality of sale point of view. 
So I think Golf Course Road, till the time we are very much focused on ensuring that customers 
that are coming are largely end users and we are able to build extremely good product, I think 
these will consistently sell well. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
That being said, there is no reason if we see great demand and everybody being end user, we 
cannot sell more. But it's not driven with the pressure to exit faster. From a portfolio level point 
of view, this is not a very significant inventory, but very profitable inventory. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
 
Right. Thanks and all the best to the team. 
Gaurav Pandey:  
Thanks Abhinav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Pirojsha and Gaurav, congratulations on a great quarter. My first question is that for the year, 9 
months and for this third quarter, what has been the contribution from the new launches to the 
presales? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Let us come back to that. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. So the other question is that now -- I mean, in terms of your sales, so are you seeing any 
elongation in the sales closer cycles for -- I mean customer taking... 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I'm not able to make out what you're saying. Could you just repeat that? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir, just wanted some data points, at your sites, when you are launching new projects, do you 
see -- are you seeing any trends where the closure cycle is elongating or taking more time for 
deals to get closed over the last few quarters? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I can see good responses almost across the board. I do think in more premium, the higher up you 
go the value chain in terms of price points, of course, the slightly longer decision-making takes. 
So I think in some of the luxury projects, we would expect that closure timeframes would move 
up a little bit. But other than that, I think we're seeing very strong continued response to launches. 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Parikshit, to your question, new launches to presale is like 70% for 9 months and 68% for the 
quarter. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So that was -- the other question was that now we have only INR7,000 crores to be launched 
versus the guidance of INR30,000 crores for the year as a whole, and we have a large... 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Parikshit, it's important to keep in mind, we do keep buffers in our guidance given the 
uncertainties of regulatory approval. So we -- I think Gaurav and I highlighted earlier that the 
number of launches we have. So if the question is that do we have the launches to meet the 
guidance... 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I wanted to know how much on a conservative basis can we upsize this, I mean, for this quarter? 
I mean you would have already got some sense on given that we have only two months left. So 
some reasonable visibility on getting approval. So what could be the upsizing here, I mean, given 
that large quantum of the presales is coming from new launches? 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I don't think we want to quantify that right now. We'll stick with the INR30,000 crores of launch 
guidance. It will depend a little bit, as we said, on some of these, it can be quite large movements 
like are we able to launch the Worli project in March because it slipped to the April quarter. So 
I think we'll stick with the guidance for now, but we're certainly looking to do a large number of 
launches this quarter. The two that are already definitely happening are Hyderabad, Noida. And 
as we mentioned, in five or six other cities, we have opportunities that we're working at the final 
stages of approval. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. And just on the embedded margins, if you can highlight what has been the number for the 
9 months and for the third quarter? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. So we've indicated that we'd like to do this on an annual basis rather than a quarterly basis. 
But as of now, it's tracking similar to slightly above last year's numbers. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. And just the last question on the approvals. I mean, we have seen a couple of projects 
getting approvals later in the quarter versus expectation. So in general, across your key markets, 
what has been now the trend on getting approvals? We have seen delays, especially in South in 
last quarter. But do you think that things are now improving and are on track for getting 
approvals on time? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think we're quite happy. If you look at the kind of average time to launch for the company, 
it's come down quite considerably over the last few years. While we said, of course, Hyderabad, 
we wanted to launch last quarter and slipped into this quarter. I think it's important to remember 
that we only added the land parcel in Q4 of last year. So actually still a very well-timed launch, 
and no real delays, and in fact, launched faster than we had originally underwritten. 
So similarly, I think the teams have built very strong capabilities in terms of designing quickly, 
understanding the market, working with government departments to get approvals on a timely 
basis. So I'd say that wasn't a particular skill of the company a few years ago. I think we've gotten 
better and better at that. And now I think quite satisfied with the kind of time we're taking to 
launch projects. 
Of course, we always see in this industry, there is a series of projects, maybe 10% or 20% of 
projects, that get inordinately delayed for one or the other reasons. We've seen that -- Worli, 
which we hope to launch in the next couple of months, had been delayed for many years. Ashok 
Vihar is another example. So particularly bigger projects, we've noticed tend to take a little bit 
longer in the approval timelines. But overall, I think in all parts of the country, including some 
of these new markets like Hyderabad, quite satisfied with the progress. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you. That answers my question. 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead.  

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Hi, good evening. Thank you for taking my questions. My questions are actually pertaining to 
NCR market. Considering your launch Miraya, right, we've sold about 25% odd in this quarter. 
Do you see any slowdown there? Because until last year, we were seeing projects getting sold 
out at launch. And again, the related question is since we are doubling down on that -- on the 
Golf Course Road in terms of project acquisition also? 
 
Do you see that as a concern considering the prices there have like gone up like to 100% or 
150% in the last 4, 5 years? And we -- essentially, we are buying land there now at current prices. 
So do you see that as a concern considering like the sales velocity in the micro market kind of 
slowing down versus are we doubling down on the market in terms of acquisitions? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Kunal, this is a wonderful question. Actually, every market, you tend to have a different long-
term strategy. Like I was mentioning some time back, for us, Golf Course Road is a pure margin 
expansion play. So we have a lot of inventory in Gurgaon, which is more about asset turnover 
play. This is more of a pure margin play. And idea was from the first launch itself is to establish 
profit expansion higher than the underwriting margins we have done for the last acquisition also. 
So just to give you some interesting data points. From this first launch, like you rightly said, say 
about 25-odd percent that we've sold, the profit that we had underwritten in the project, we have 
more or less done more than half of that underwriting. Now try and imagine that with a 75% 
inventory and residing through a good product because the very end user product, if you've kind 
of seen Miraya as a product, large room size and all, we feel there's a lot of opportunity to create 
value. 
And theoretically, if you sell -- again, this is more academic, for that matter 50% of the inventory, 
whatever you've underwritten as profit, you've already logged in. So there is no risk per se after 
that. But we're also trying to establish a margin profile and the pricing for a future inventory that 
we will sell, which idea is again to do profit expansion. So this is a different product market play 
that we are trying to do in our portfolio. 
There are some players in the competition in India, not talking about -- not actually NCR, who 
do necessarily only this, margin expansion play. We had kind of defined that in our large scheme 
of things, which are one or two markets we can do this kind of a strategy. It's been working very 
well for us. So I'm not really worried about it. I'm not really targeting a booking value play from 
Golf Course Road project. I'm looking more from a value accretive and strong margin profile 
kind of a play. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure, sure. Just a follow-up on that in terms of, like, if you look at the overall -- that whole Golf 
Course Road as well as Golf Course Extension, I know they don't compete with each other, but 
still like in terms of like the overall micro market, right, the kind of supply that is expected from, 
say, the top 8 to 10 developers, right, almost each of them planning to launch like 400, 500 unit 
projects in the next 6 to 9 months, so close to like 4,000, 5,000 units costing, say, INR7 crores, 
INR8 crores plus. That's a huge supply in that kind of ticket size, right? Would you be worried 
in terms of like oversupply situation in that particular ticket size over the next 1 year, 2 years or 
so? 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Sure. I think the customer segments are totally different. If I were to give you some amount of 
thesis to that, and so Extension Road is a great micro market. We have a project practically more 
or less sold out by the neighbor of Aristocrat. But extension micro market is mostly either for 
people who are first time home buyers or who are upgrading for micro markets such as Sohna 
Road or an SCR or a new Gurgaon market with wealth creation, they are looking at buying. 
And while there is supply coming up and we don't really have, frankly, any large project 
available in that micro market, it is not at all concerning for the -- for that micro market. But 
Golf Course Road is frankly quite the opposite. If you see old projects of Golf Course Road, 
which have been completed and delivered 3, 4, 5 years back, they are currently commanding 
even higher premium to what we are selling, to be very frank. 
I mean, Miraya, we've upped the game from a pricing point of view, margin point of view, but 
there are many delivered products which are like 15%, 20% higher to that without going to 
specifics of it. So this is more of a customer who has got into a wealth income of, say, INR1 
crores to INR2 crores per annum of salary, I'm talking minimum, and has a very -- either a very 
stable job or like a CXO or has a very tangible business. And there are sort of ticket size orbits 
that they had. 
So you have an INR10 crores to INR20 crores kind of a game, then you have INR20 crores to 
INR50 crores kind of a game and then the latest launch of DLF as an ultra-luxury, which is like 
INR70 crores, INR80 crores and above. So there are certain customers who are upgrading their 
lifestyle from Golf Course Road, who look to buy these products. And they're very refined 
customers. They don't necessarily look at property cycle. They are more product focused. 
So I think different segments, different cycles, and to just make it academically even more 
difficult, just to play out a scenario that what if -- and these are the scenario planning, you have 
excess supply issue in Extension Road and you have price correction. And just extrapolating, 
would you see an impact in Golf Course Road? Probably not at all. Because if you see even in 
the previous cycles across most markets, markets which are aspirational and have extreme lack 
of land availability, they have a very different consumer base. 
Like in Bombay's case, you would -- if there is a customer for Carmichael, will always be a 
customer for Carmichael, he or she will not necessarily buy if the property market is low or high, 
right? He or she may not necessarily buy a product in, say, Worli or Lower Parel. He or she 
would definitely want to buy a product only in Carmichael. Something similar, that Golf Course 
Road is the most aspirational market for anyone staying in NCR, let alone just Gurgaon. 
So the migration for people looking from Delhi to Gurgaon or from Golf Course Road to Golf 
Course Road. And what we've tried this for ourselves is, Kunal just being in the sweet spot, that 
our lower ticket size product is the, say, slightly higher ticket size of an Extension Road and a 
max ticket size is lower than, say, a very luxurious completed product of that micro market. So 
it's a very sweet spot we're trying to play to hedge any risk. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Rahul Jain from Elara Capital. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, just wanted to check on your strategy in terms of outside the Tier 1 markets -- I mean, you 
have already acquired 2 land parcels in Indore. Just want to understand what really -- what are 
the factors that you consider before entering a Tier 2 market essentially? And are there any Tier 
2 -- other Tier 2 markets that you're considering to enter? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
We've distributed our acquisition strategy across plotted development projects and group 
housing projects, and we're keeping it quite the same. So for group housing, which is the vast 
majority of our business, we are focused only on the larger cities, our four core markets, 
Mumbai, NCR, Bangalore and Pune. We've recently decided to enter the Hyderabad market, and 
that will be an important focus going forward. 
And opportunistically, we've said we would look at markets where we've historically had 
projects, places like Kolkata, Ahmedabad, perhaps Chennai. But that would be all from a group 
housing perspective in the near future. 
One of the ways that we will look to see which new cities make sense to look at for a group 
housing perspective is by entering the market through plotted development projects. And here, 
we're open to doing projects in the top 20, 30 cities in the country. We think plotted development 
stand-alone is a great opportunity with relatively low management bandwidth and quick 
turnaround time. 
But equally, it gives us an entry point into these markets, lets us start understanding how the 
markets are functioning and will help, we believe, in crafting our group housing expansion 
strategy. But for now, from a group housing perspective, we remain focused on only the top few 
markets I mentioned. 
Rahul Jain: 
Understood, sir. Very clear. And one more on the Worli launch. I mean, what is the ticket size 
that you are targeting? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
We are having final discussion on pricing, etcetera. We have a partner. That -- all of that is still 
underway. So let us -- we'll come back to you with that once we're ready with the launch and all 
the approvals. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question in queue. I would now like to hand the conference back to the 
management team for closing comments. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thank you. I hope we've been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further questions 
or would like any additional information, we'd be happy to be of assistance. On behalf of all of 
us, thank you once again for taking the time to join us today. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Godrej Properties Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank you for joining 
us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
