 
 
UFO MOVIEZ INDIA LIMITED: VALUABLE TECHNO PARK, PLOT 53/1, ROAD 07, MIDC, ANDHERI (E), MUMBAI 400 093   T: +91 022 4030 5060 
E: CORPORATE@UFOMOVIEZ.COM CORPORATE IDENTITY NUMBER: L22120MH2004PLC285453 WWW.UFOMOVIEZ.COM                                           
GST IN: 27AABCV8900E1ZF 
 
 
 
 
      February 07, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
 
 
                      
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
                 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Fax: 022 – 2272 3121 
BSE Scrip Code: 539141 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai- 400 051 
Fax : 022- 2659 8237/ 38 
NSE Symbol: UFO 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript for the Q3&9MFY25 Earnings Conference Call held on January 31, 2025 
 
ln continuation to our letter dated January 27, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of lndia (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with Part 
A of Schedule lll of the Regulation, please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on 
Friday, January 31, 2025 for discussing the Company’s Q3&9MFY25 financial results. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.ufomoviez.com  
 
Request you to take it on record and disseminate it on your website. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For UFO Moviez India Limited 
 
 
 
Kavita Thadeshwar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
KAVITA 
BHAVESH 
THADESHWAR
Digitally signed by 
KAVITA BHAVESH 
THADESHWAR 
Date: 2025.02.07 
14:41:44 +05'30'

                                                                                                                                    UFO Moviez India Limited                                 
 
                        
January 31, 2025 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
Q3&9MFY25 Earnings Conference Call  
 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                        
                  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJESH MISHRA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND GROUP CEO, UFO MOVIEZ INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH MALUSHTE - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, UFO MOVIEZ INDIA LIMITED  
MR. SIDDHARTH BHARDWAJ – CEO, DIGITAL CINEMA NETWORK BUSINESS, UFO MOVIEZ 
INDIA LIMITED  
 
SR. ANALYST: 
 
Mr. TANUJ – VENTURA SECURITIES LTD  
 

                                                                                                                                    UFO Moviez India Limited                                 
 
                        
January 31, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the UFO Moviez India Limited Q3&9MFY25 
earnings conference call hosted by Ventura Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal the 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Tanuj from Ventura Securities 
Ltd. Thank you and over to you, Sir.         
 
Tanuj: 
Thank you. Good day, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Ventura Securities Ltd, I welcome you 
all to the Q3&9MFY25 earnings call of UFO Moviez India Limited. The company today is 
represented by Mr. Rajesh Mishra, Executive Director and Group CEO of the company, Mr. Ashish 
Malushte, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Siddharth Bhardwaj, CEO-Digital Cinema Network 
business of the company. I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Mishra for opening remarks, 
post which we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
 
Rajesh Mishra: 
Thank you, Tanuj. Greetings everyone and thank you all for joining our Q3&9MFY25 earnings 
conference call.    
 
The third quarter of the financial year started on a subdued note with release of films like 
“Vettaiyan”, “Jigra”, “Vicky Vidya ka woh wala video”, etc. The end of October 2024 also saw 
the releases of films like “Lucky Bhaskar” and “Amaran”, which were made on a modest budget 
but resonated well with audiences, demonstrating the power of engaging storytelling. 
 
November 2024, however, began strongly with the release of “Singham Again” and “Bhool 
Bhulaiyaa 3”, both films achieving significant box office success, contributing to a robust start for 
the month. Despite this, anticipated films like “Kanguva”, “The Sabarwati Report” and “I Want to 
Talk” fell short of expectations. 
 
At the same time, the highly anticipated "Pushpa 2: The Rule" which was released on December 
5, set new benchmarks at the box office. The film grossed Rs. 1,000 crore worldwide within six 
days, becoming the fastest film to reach this milestone. In contrast, "Baby John," a high-budget 
film starring Varun Dhawan, struggled significantly at the box office. 
 
In total, 404 movies were released (including versions/languages) during the quarter, compared to 
502 in Q3FY24 and 470 in Q2FY25. The decline in number of releases contributed to decrease in 
both theatrical and digitalization revenue. 
 
Riding on the success of films in November and “Pushpa 2” in December, Q3 FY25 experienced 
robust advertisement revenue growth, driven by the exceptional performance of standout films that 
captivated audiences and attracted advertisers. This success resulted in a 20% YoY increase and 
an 88% percent improvement on a QoQ basis. Additionally, product sales grew by 54% YoY and 
91% QoQ. Overall, our total revenue for the quarter saw a healthy 17% YoY increase and a 43% 
percent increase on QoQ basis.  
 
On the screen network front, our advertisement screen network grew to 3,863 screens, marking a 
13% year-over-year increase. This includes 2,246 multiplex screens and 1,617 single screens, with 
the addition of 456 advertisement screens over the past year and a 3% increase on a quarter-over-
quarter basis. 
 
On the screen network front, the advertisement screen network grew to 3,735 screens, marking a 
13% year-over-year. This includes 2,122 multiplex screens and 1,613 single screens, with the 
addition of 432 advertisement screens over the past year. However, there was a 1% decline quarter-
over-quarter.  
 
Turning to the key figures for the quarter and nine months ended December 2024 –  

                                                                                                                                    UFO Moviez India Limited                                 
 
                        
January 31, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
The consolidated revenue for Q3 FY25 stood at Rs 1,387 million compared to Rs 1,184 million in 
Q3 FY24, showing a 17% increase on YoY basis, primarily driven by advertisement revenue and 
product sales. EBITDA Q3 FY25 stands out as the best quarter in the current financial year with 
EBITDA reaching Rs 305 million, that is 199 % QoQ and 65% YoY increase. The company 
reported a net profit of INR 153 million in Q3 FY25 compared to a net profit of 46 million in Q3 
FY24 and a net loss of 9 million in Q2 FY25. 
 
Regarding nine-month performance, consolidated revenues amounted to Rs 3,300 million, 
compared to Rs. 2,909 million in 9MFY24. EBITDA for 9MFY25 was Rs. 473 million, compared 
to Rs. 524 million in 9MFY24, mainly due to lower exhibitor revenue. On the PAT front, the 
company reported a net profit of Rs. 103 million in both 9MFY25 and 9MFY24. 
 
The consolidated cash at the end of the quarter was ₹917 million, and the net cash was ₹259 million 
after considering outstanding debt. 
 
I would also like to inform you that we have commenced the organizational level restructuring 
exercise, and the benefits of the restructuring exercise will start occurring from middle of next 
financial year. 
 
Looking ahead, though the quarter began on a quieter note with the release of films like “Game 
Changer”, “Emergency” and Azaad”, the upcoming release pipeline looks promising with releases 
such as “Sky Force”, “Deva”, “Vidaamuyarchi”, “Sanghvi and Sons”, “Chhaava”, English film 
“Captain America-Brave New World” and Salman Khan starer “Sikander”, which is expected to 
be released on 28th March 2025. 
 
With this lineup, we are optimistic about building momentum in the upcoming quarter. With this, 
I conclude my opening remarks and throw the floor open for questions, which will be answered by 
myself, my colleagues, Mr. Ashish Malushte, CFO and Mr. Siddharth Bhardwaj, our CEO. Thank 
you. 
  
Moderator: 
First question is from Ankit Kanodia from Smart Sync Services. Please go ahead.     
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Thank you so much for taking my question and congratulations on a very good set of numbers, 
particularly in advertisement revenue. My first question relates to advertisement revenue. I believe 
advertisement revenue significantly boosts our margins and overall operating leverage. However, 
it's also an area where we have limited control because we rely on movie releases. If there are no 
good releases, advertisement revenue will suffer. When looking at the advertisement revenue today 
and the breakup of our three major segments- exhibitors, distributors, and advertisement-exhibitor 
revenue still forms the bulk of our revenue. My question is more long-term: Do we foresee 
advertisement revenue becoming the bulk of our total revenue and surpassing exhibitor revenue in 
the next 4-6 quarters? I'm not asking for definite guidance, but directionally, is this possible? If 
yes, how? That's my first question, sir. 
 
Ashish Malushte: 
Hi Mr. Ankit, So, I know it's a very longish kind of a question, but very pertinent and important. 
With the set of results that we have declared for this quarter, I think one of the cases that we wanted 
to convincingly establish is that, when there is a content, there is a footfall, and if there is a footfall, 
as a cinema industry, digital cinema industry, we are in a position to get a better pie from the overall 
advertisement spend. So that has resulted in our number. But that again throws the same question 
that you have asked that how do we move forward from here. And you have two questions, one, 
about the linkage of the ad revenue to content, and the second question about the total proportion 
of advertisement revenue in the total income. So, the second question being easier, let me first take 
that.  
 
In my own opinion, the better way to look at our numbers is not what proportion advertisement 
income draws, and the reason being, my theatrical business revenue is more or less stable from 

                                                                                                                                    UFO Moviez India Limited                                 
 
                        
January 31, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
what I generate from rental or the service that I deliver to distributors. It's more like a contractual 
revenue. But my advertisement, as you rightly said, has a lot of you know upside possible upside. 
So instead of looking at it what proportion advertisement is of total revenue, we should try and 
focus on the advertisement revenue and the contours of that. So currently, you will see that the 
total minutes that we have is close to 5.67, and that has also significantly grown from last year's 
number. So that is the first lever that we have. 
 
Second lever is pricing. And both these levers, we are you know slowly encasing, and on both these 
lines you know there is an uptick, and therefore, it translates into revenue. As regards content is 
concerned, it's a currently, it's a concern, which is true. Unless there is a content, you can't see a 
significant growth in ad revenue. But to be more specific, what we all really need, I mean, from 
the industry side is the confidence amongst Cine goers to come back to the cinema, which is slowly 
happening. And for that, you don't really need back-to-back hits. We just need a steady supply of 
content, which generally is there. We hope that in last six months, the non-Hindi speaking market 
is also changing its consumption pattern, like in South, people have again gone back to movies the 
way they used to go in the past. In North, we are still seeing some challenge.  
 
Hopefully, this quarter, last quarter can be a starting point when people will again start coming 
back to the theaters. So once that happens, the content doesn't clearly make a very significant 
difference to ad revenue. It does, but not to an extent which it's currently making. So, we need 
content and of course, cinema industry will work only if there is a content. But we want the habits 
to come back slowly. This is one. Second, to an extent that the advertisement revenue is dependent 
on content is true when we look at national or regional advertisers. In the new reorganization that 
we have started, what we are doing is we are having a regional focus on the retail advertisements.  
 
And in our opinion, retail advertisements are not really content specific. Those are there to encash 
the footfalls which are there, which are most relevant footfalls for the retail advertisers. So that's 
one of our major strategies that how do we further deepen the retail advertisement pie, which is 
currently near insignificant in our 5.67 minutes. So, this is how we want to look at it. If both these 
things work well, people start coming back to theaters and once that happens, we'll be able to 
deepen our minutes and obviously, when the penetration of inventory happens, then the rates would 
naturally start going up, which we are seeing for last two quarters at least. 
       
  
Ankit Kanodia: 
Got it, sir. So that was very helpful. So, I took a couple of follow ups on what you just said. So, 
one thing which I wanted to understand much more is what do you mean by a retail advertisement? 
If you can throw some more light, that would be very helpful. 
 
Ashish Malushte: 
Yeah, very simple. When we go to a theater, in the vicinity of the theater, generally, people come 
from, say, 2- or 3-kilometers radius in cities like Mumbai, right? So, radius, whoever is having a 
retail business, can be in that radius. It can be a retail shop, it can be a saree shop, it can be a gym, 
it can be classes, anybody. For them, this is the most relevant medium, so to say. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Right. So, and the second point was related to the number of minutes sold, which you touched 
upon. So even if you look at last year, so is it some sort of a seasonal thing because last year also 
Q3 numbers were about 5.3 and this time it is 5.67. But when we look at the 9M run rate for us in 
this year, it is 3.62 only. And when you compare that with the average of total of last year, that is 
4.7. So, what do you make of it? 
 
Ashish Malushte: 
Yes. To answer your question, yes, there is a seasonality, and seasonality is in our favor in Q3, 
which is generally the festive season until Christmas. And in the past Q4 also used to be so called 
seasonal because in those days, the government spend used to be high, which currently is not. But 
yes, to answer your question, the seasonality, however the jump that you see is not on account of 
seasonality alone. That is where the ad sales team have really been able to penetrate deeper and get 
the business back to this extent.  

                                                                                                                                    UFO Moviez India Limited                                 
 
                        
January 31, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Got it. And so, the caravan advertisement revenue has dropped significantly. Of course, it forms a 
very small insignificant proportion of our total advertisement and total revenue of the company. 
But still, what explains this drastic fall from INR 4 crores to, I think 
 
Ashish Malushte: 
Yes, near zero. So actually, the caravan business is very, very event specific. There could be a 
corporate or there could be a government agency who wants to run a campaign where they want to 
reach deeper into the rural segment, and that is where they make use of these caravans to carry 
their message and messaging. So, there's no certain business as such it is as we have been 
explaining, we are trying to create this opportunity in the country. It more or less remains very, 
very specific to the requirements of these two sets of customers that we mentioned. Last year, there 
was some uptick from corporates and also some of the central government agencies, and therefore, 
there was a business. 
 
 
This quarter also, we were hoping that for one of the regions we will be able to get Caravan ad 
from state government. But, it has got pushed forward, but nevertheless, as you rightly said, 
Caravan is not a major mover for us. Even if there is a revenue, the margins are maybe around 15-
20%, sometimes 25%, but not a major ticker. But in a way it adds to the overall bouquet of offering 
that my ad sales team can take it to advertisers. So, to that extent, it has an advantage. But a drop 
there hurts my profitability to the extent of 20%, but we are not really very, very optimistically 
looking at that segment to add to our overall buyback the way we are focusing on our core offering 
of in cinema advertising. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Aditya Sen, from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Aditya Sen: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, we see that the revenue from sale of products has gone up 
from Rs 28 crore to Rs 43 crore in Q3. So, is this any sort of one off or can we analyze the Rs. 43 
crore revenue to roughly Rs 120 crores, Rs 130 crores for full year? 
 
Ashish Malushte: 
Can you repeat the last line, please? 
 
Aditya Sen: 
Can we analyze the INR43 crores revenue, from the sale of products that will make INR 120 crores, 
INR 130 crores from this segment? 
 
Ashish Malushte: 
Okay. No, you shouldn't do that. And there's nothing like one off, one time here. Let me explain 
you our Middle East operations where DCI is quite prevalent is where we have an opportunity of 
doing integrated offerings to cinemas, new cinemas that come up. And that is where we do product 
sales. And in the first two quarters, if you go back and see, our performance was below the target 
or the budget in the international market that's because some of the business was shifted. That 
business came in Q3. And to that extent, Q3 has been, in a way, a phenomenal quarter for our 
international operations. But this is not the normal annualized turnover that you can see. 
 
So, what you have seen last year, sale of product being in the range of Rs 28 crores, so anywhere 
between Rs 30-35 crores, Rs 25-35 crores could be the run rate that we generally take at our end. 
But we look at it differently, international and India. International is more certain. India is 
depending upon which screens want to go on their own procurement mode. The important point 
there is in the business, though the sales have gone up, the margins have remained intact. And we 
still have in excess of 22%, in fact, a higher margin in this quarter. Those margins are also slightly 
higher, what we see 25% should ideally in a normal scenario be between 21-23%. 
 
Aditya Sen: 
All right. The second question is that we see that the exhibitors are now participating in the re-
releases. So, in the re-releases also, will we be able to deliver content? And if yes, then will it help 
us with the advertisement revenue. 
 

                                                                                                                                    UFO Moviez India Limited                                 
 
                        
January 31, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Ashish Malushte:            Yes. I mean, re-releases, in fact, good you raised this point because this has, I mean, it has a very 
deep meaning, re-release happening and people going back watching re-releases, including the 
Generation Z, they're lining up and watching some of the releases which were released even before 
they were born. What it tells us is the fact that there is an urge for a citizen or a normal consumer 
to go back and go back to theaters and watch movies. It's not that OTT has scaled this medium, 
which has been one of the beliefs and that probably is hitting the way the market and the analysts 
look at the exhibition industry players like us and some other players. And that could have been 
true if people were not coming to the theaters. 
 
But the fact that if for re-releases they're coming back and obviously for regular releases they will 
certainly come back. Now re-releases give us an opportunity that normally in any year you don't 
have a good content week on week. You have some dry periods. Now if the re-release is doing 
good, then people can you know keep offering re-releases in the market. Coming to our role, when 
the re-release comes, we are very much in a position to release it on our network. In fact, many of 
these movies could be on our library straightaway. So, we continue to get benefited. In fact, re-
releases are targeted in dry weeks. And in those weeks, we will be able to get advertisement 
revenue. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Vaibhav Badjatya from Honesty and Integrity Investments. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Vaibhav Badjatya:             Hi, sir. Thanks for calling the opportunity. So, any update that you have on the central government 
advertising and the expected revival? Do you see that it is reviving and are you getting any 
indications from the government that this can come back? 
 
Rajesh Mishra: 
So central government advertising is still a challenge for us as we have been pointing out. This is 
something which is really driven by the DABP and the Ministry of I&B. So, one has very little 
control over something like this. But our team continues to keep engaging with the ministries and 
I&B ministries, and we hope it comes back, but there's really no guarantee about it. So, as you said, 
it's a concern area, and it will come when it comes.  
 
Ashish Malushte:   
But while it's a concern area, I must tell you that two quarters back, we said that we are moving 
slowly and changing our strategy to have dependency reduce the dependency on government. To 
that effect, this quarter has been the largest grossing corporate advertisement quarter in the history 
of UFO when we have done Rs 35 crores. Before this, the next was in Q3 FY19 when we had done 
Rs 31 crores. More importantly, the volumes have grown for corporate segment from 3.48 - 4.61 
in this period and this is where we are trying to reduce our dependency on government advertising. 
 
Rajesh Mishra: 
Our state revenue continues to keep advertising and growing with us. 
 
Vaibhav Badjatya:            Right. Got it. That's it for me. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Rahil Shah, from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Rahil Shah:      
Hi, sir. Good afternoon. So, a very direct question with regards to Q4. Now in Q3, I think your 
performance has been good on many fronts. Can this continue in the next quarter given that you 
see a good pipeline of releases and you're trying to push the ad revenue as well? So, can this 
performance continue for the next two quarters? 
 
Ashish Malushte: 
So, my humble request is we should look at more in a slightly longish period QoQ can be different. 
It's too difficult to predict that we advertise this period. As Rajesh mentioned, the films have not 
very good in January, and therefore, the momentum becomes little weaker. But looking at QoQ 
doesn't really help some strategy I mean, we have been hurt because of the expectations around 
cinema industry, whether its survival, its existence grows. And I think to that extent, there are some 

                                                                                                                                    UFO Moviez India Limited                                 
 
                        
January 31, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
positive indications which are very, very clear. And therefore, my request will be we should look 
at least a year and a half horizon, which looks quite promising. 
 
Rajesh Mishra: 
I just want to add over here would be that we have two films, big films coming up, Deva and 
Chhaava, shortly in the next couple of weeks. And, however, one big film, Salman Khan Starrer, 
is releasing on 28 March. So, the impact of that would largely spill over into the Q1 of next year. 
So, this is the way it plays out. It's largely a content driven marketing scenario, and it will depend 
upon the how the films fare in the cinemas. The good part that we are seeing with the increasing 
trend across the board is regional cinemas having played a greater and greater role, And Pushpa 2 
has really put the Hindi speaking market as a huge potential market for South films.  
 
And we see more and more of such crossover films coming up and releasing in the North market 
also, which increases the content pie for the Hindi market. So earlier it was either Hindi films or it 
was some Hollywood films that would come in. Now we have South films coming in, regional 
films are catching up, Hollywood films continue to play their role. And Hindi films are also there 
in the pipelines. So, we remain optimistic about it. 
 
Rahil Shah:      
Ok. Overall, if I say a general strategy for you is completely the business is dependent on content 
and you know consistent content creation, correct? which you get. And the same applies for the ad 
revenue as well. Only if there is a great number of footfalls will you see the business grow. 
 
Ashish Malushte: 
This is not fully true. It's not that we need constant supply of content. As I said, I mean, this very 
company between 2017 and 2020 never had this challenge. It's only post COVID the habits of 
people change. And now the views of investors and analysts have probably slightly moved thinking 
that to what extent OTT will damage this industry of viewing. I think over there, there is what we 
are I was trying to say that if there is a content which was there last quarter where people are slowly 
coming back in theaters, we need average 5-6 views, I mean, per Cine goer in a year. There are only 
close to Rs 13000 crores in the industry side. So, if that is coming back, then there is no challenge 
in terms of perception.  
 
But we don't need consistently back-to-back film like Pushpa and only then will this industry be 
able to deliver revenue. Currently, this is how it is. Soon, we're in the process of changing, which 
you can see in the last two quarters. 
 
Rajesh Mishra: 
In fact, the smaller budget films have fared well. I mean, if you see traditionally, there have been 
many films which have been made for small markets with low budgets, and they have performed 
really well. So, the portfolio will keep coming. It's not going to be either or situation. 
 
Rahil Shah: 
Ok. So, this restructuring that you mentioned in the opening remarks and then this behavioral 
change in cinema goes back to those historical levels. So, in a year and a half, can you expect the 
same to change for the business? Is that fair? 
 
Rajesh Mishra: 
Yes. Very much. So, the restructuring was more at our corporate level and internal thing, nothing 
to do with the film patterns or anything like that. This has this is an endeavor to bring in a fresh 
pair of eyes and minds into the business. A lot of our senior members have got superannuated, and 
a lot of our second level people have been elevated to the higher post like my colleague, Siddharth 
Bhardwaj, who joined me on the call today. He's been alluded as CEO. Siddharth was earlier 
handling advertising sales, and now he's the CEO of the entire business. And as I said, the structure 
is more from internal purposes to optimize areas of revenues and costs, so from that perspective. 
So, this was just sharing with you. 
 
Rahil Shah: 
Thank you for answering, and I wish you all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up question from Ankit Kanodia. Please go ahead. 

                                                                                                                                    UFO Moviez India Limited                                 
 
                        
January 31, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Yes. Thank you for allowing me a follow-up. So, my next question is related to the Nova Cinema 
new initiative. Last time we mentioned, I think in the last call or maybe the call before that, there 
is just one I think in UP, somewhere we are trying to do that. So, any update on that, how it is 
progressing and any feedback you want to share? 
 
Rajesh Mishra:     
Yes. So, we have started another property in UP in an area near Meerut, Khatta, and another 
property is in the pipeline over there. There is one property that we are targeting in Maharashtra. 
So still early days. Right now, there are only two properties operational, and they have just seen 
two months of operations. So, as I said, still early days, we remain hopeful about this endeavor. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Got it. Sir, the reason I'm asking questions about Nova Cinema and Caravan is that my 
understanding is that, again, you are a better person to know how things work out. But what I was 
thinking is that if there is any scope of scaling up these initiatives, that in one way, we get ourselves 
ready to, get ourselves prepared to or maybe bear the shock of volatility of the content flow or the 
footfalls which we see in the theatres, right? So, don't you think we can scale this up and make this 
part of the business, which is not too much into what it is happening in the other part of the country 
that could help us in stabilizing our revenues and profits, any thought on that, sir? 
 
Ashish Malushte:     
Yes. So, it is a very good point. If you see these two businesses, Nova, which is targeted to do the 
penetration of theaters in semi urban or maybe higher rural areas, that will still have a dependency 
on whatever dependency you mentioned on content. So, it will not be insulated in any manner. But 
Caravan could have been and can be sort of an opportunity where you can have the content would 
not really affect that caravan business because it's not a theatrical business. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
But the way you answered my previous question earlier when I asked, so it felt as if you are waiting 
for the corporate and the government to give you projects there rather than you going to them and 
pitching, am I right on that? 
 
Ashish Malushte:     
Of course, there is an extensive marketing effort that I'm saying that to that extent, that market has 
not really arrived, and people are not really both in these segments are not really making use of 
this avenue. And therefore, we said that this is not my primary focus. My primary focus still 
continues to be the cinema and sooner, we will see that there is, to some extent, decoupling with 
the best of the content has to be there for advertisement to come. It will be another couple of 
quarters, and then it meaningfully gets decoupled. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
So, my last question, so recently I went to a PVR cinema to watch a movie with family and there 
were, I saw advertisement done by a lady who someone from my ad media company and she 
highlights the importance of doing advertisement in cinema and what kind of advantage you have. 
So do we enter these kinds of initiatives where we make all these retailers aware of the prospect of 
doing advertisement on because that can also lead to a lot of growth in our advertising. Do we have 
any such plans in place where we reach out to some because there are so many small retail 
companies which can actually benefit from this. So, what are our advertisement or campaigns? Do 
we involve them in this? That is what I wanted to understand. 
 
Siddharth Bhardwaj:      Ankit, this is Sidharth. So, these testimonials, what advertisers actually run, are part of the trade 
campaign that any media platform you know plans. Now, every media platform chooses different 
ways of disseminating this information. Yes, since we are the owners of cinema screens, it's a good 
idea to run it on a cinema screen. But we may also want to do it, but I think more effective is direct 
to our clients and prospects. And we do all these testimonial campaigns also, which may not be 
visible to advertisers on a cinema screen, but trade marketing is an integral part of any mid 
marketing efforts or sales efforts that we do.  
 

                                                                                                                                    UFO Moviez India Limited                                 
 
                        
January 31, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
And we also do the same using you know best case studies and taking them to potential advertisers, 
whether they are times they are part of our pitch deck and many times we create customized mailers 
and share the same information with more effectively with our direct prospects. You know just 
running it on cinema screens where some of our potential advertisers maybe there is also an option, 
which we have done. We have used this resorted to this option in the past. But we have maintained 
focus our efforts because we know who our prospects are and they are part of our database. So, we 
can do it more effectively by going direct. Yes, this is an option When as and when the need arises 
and when we have a campaign of that size, we'll use our own cinema screens. We may use other 
media platforms also. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Thank you so much, sir. That was very helpful for the detailed answer. And I was not asking 
specifically for the cinema screen only. What I was asking for, I got your answer actually. So, 
thank you so much for that. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up question from Aditya Sen. Please go ahead. 
 
Aditya Sen: 
Sir, you shared the content pipeline for Q4, but what are your views regarding the content pipeline 
for FY26 compared to FY25? 
 
Rajesh Mishra: 
Yes. So, as I said, it seems like a very healthy pipeline because compared to this, there are 
Hollywood films which are lined up, big budget star cast films from the Hollywood side like Avatar 
and all those things. South films, a lot of them will be migrating into the north, riding on the success 
of Pushpa and, you know, earlier films like Bahubali and everything. Regional films also are 
picking up in the market, especially Punjabi, Gujarati, Marathi films. These films carry a lot of 
footfalls with them because they are released on a very, very focused market. And of course, the 
Hindi films are also lined up. The biggest one that we are seeing up close is Sikander, which stars 
Salman Khan. But that FY26 lineup is expected to be one of the best lineups that we have seen in 
the last 3,4 years. So, it is a very healthy lineup. 
 
Siddharth Bhardwaj:  
Aditya, this is Siddharth. So, I think what is different this year is for the first two quarters, we have 
good visibility, right, of content and which is very, very important for at this part having a visibility 
in Q4 of the next year's subsequent two quarters because this lineup actually helps advertisers build 
conviction about integrating cinema in the part of their annual budgets, right? Last year, though 
Q4 was a strong pipeline, it delivered well. But Q1 and Q2 pipeline were weak, so which did not 
give too much confidence to advertisers to commit to the medium, right? So, what drives 
confidence in the industry is that as of now, we can see a good pipeline, not only language content 
but also Hindi content, right? 
 
We have ‘Jatt’ which is Sunny Deol's movie, which got pushed into Q1. We have Jolly LLB 3, 
War 2, Housefull 5, Delhi Files, Wanted 2, Karate Kid, is in Q 1 and Q2. Lot of movies, so and 
good visibility of Hindi content. So, this year has not been so good for Hindi. It got compensated 
by regional content, right? So, it gives us confidence that Hindi comes in and the habit of Hindi 
audiences lapping up southern dub content also. So, it will give a really good kick to the footfalls 
because it will be two things working together. So that is actually helping build confidence on our 
side and more importantly on the advertising side. I hope that answers your question, sir. 
 
Aditya Sen: 
Yes, that answers. Thank you for that. And one last question. Regarding the re-releases, do we get 
the same realization in re-releases also when compared to the first new movies? 
 
Siddharth Bhardwaj:      Sorry, can you repeat the question? We missed some part of it. 
 
Aditya Sen:    
I think that in the re-releases, do we get the same realization as the newly released movies in terms 
of advertisement revenue? 

                                                                                                                                    UFO Moviez India Limited                                 
 
                        
January 31, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Siddharth Bhardwaj:   
Aditya, we hope they do. However, re-releases currently form a very small percentage of the 
overall number of shows and the movies that release. There is no clear trend visible as of now, 
right, and when they start contributing. You know there is newness to this phenomenon of re-
releases. But if you look at the overall contribution to the number of shows that contribute to the 
cinema industry, it is still very, very small. There is no clear trend visible. And when some trend 
is visible, we'll be able to respond to this. 
 
Aditya Sen: 
All right. Thank you. That was my question. 
 
Moderator:   
Thank you. That would be the last question for the day. Now, I hand over the floor to Mr. Rajesh 
Mishra for closing comments. 
 
 
Rajesh Mishra:   
We thank everyone for joining this call. You're welcome anytime to reach out to our teams for any 
further clarification information that you need. Thank you very much, everyone. 
 
Moderator:   
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for your 
participation.    
   
 
 
 
 
 
The transcript has been edited for language and grammar; it, however, may not be a verbatim representation of the call. 
 
 
