 
 
 
February 25, 2025 
 
Subject: Transcript of investor(s)/analyst(s) meet – Q3FY2025 Financial performance and            
Strategy update 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, kindly find enclosed the 
transcript of the investor(s) / analyst(s) meet for Q3FY2025 financial performance and 
strategy update held on February 12, 2025. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company i.e. 
http://www.marksanspharma.com/investors-meet.html 
 
We request you to take the aforesaid on records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Marksans Pharma Limited 
 
 
 
Harshavardhan Panigrahi 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: As above 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Department 
PhirozeJeejeeboi Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code: 524404 
   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
   Listing Department  
   Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
   Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
   Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051. 
   Symbol: MARKSANS 
HARSHAVARDH
AN PANIGRAHI
Digitally signed by HARSHAVARDHAN PANIGRAHI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=266CD73ACD498A4EC72E255B502EE2C4D1FFFA20, 
2.5.4.20=8740573be5fc89d477394505d3e09bc8aeec4569a2612ba
b64a5ebd3449c8b2f, postalCode=401107, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=8504A87ABEEF17220E4E6F5D37B003A37ACD0FF5
7CA749F78AEDFD26A26CE06C, cn=HARSHAVARDHAN 
PANIGRAHI 
Date: 2025.02.25 11:51:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Marksans Pharma Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MARK SALDANHA – FOUNDER, CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. JITENDRA SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BINO PATHIPARAMPIL – ELARA SECURITIES 
INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Marksans Pharma Q3 FY25 earnings 
conference call hosted by Elara Securities India Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference has been recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Securities India Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Hi. Good evening, and good morning to all of you. This is Dr. Bino Pathiparampil from Elara. 
Welcoming you all to Marksans Pharma Q3 FY25 earnings conference call. We have today with 
us Mark Saldanha, Founder, Chairman, and Managing Director; and Mr. Jitendra Sharma, Chief 
Financial Officer of Marksans Pharma.  
 
Before I hand over the call to the management, please note that certain statements made by the 
management in today's call may be forward-looking. These reflect management's best judgment 
and analysis as of today. The actual results may differ materially from the current expectations 
based on a number of factors that affect the business. We will begin the call with opening 
comments from the management, followed by the Q&A session. I hand over the call to Mark. 
Over to you, sir. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you, Bino. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us in our Q3 & 9M FY25 
earnings conference call. We sincerely appreciate your interest and continued support for the 
company. I'm pleased to report another strong quarter with an all-time high quarterly PAT. This 
strong performance was driven by the sustained 12th successive quarters of double-digit revenue 
growth. 
 
Our revenue grew by 16.3% year-on-year in Q3 FY25, led by a continued strong performance 
in the U.S., followed by U.K., which has improved during the quarter. The U.S. market 
continued to grow strong, reflecting the strategic focus. It grew by 37% year-on-year, more than 
double of the overall company growth rate. U.K. & Europe performance improved both year-
on-year and on a sequential basis. However, Australia & New Zealand was soft due to 
seasonality impact, while the Rest of the World was impacted by continued geopolitical turmoil. 
 
We expect the performance to improve in the coming quarters. Improvement in product mix and 
softer input price helped in gross margin expansion over the previous years. However, 
investments in the acquired facility and increased freight costs compared to the last year put 
pressure a bit on the margin. Nevertheless, we delivered a strong EBITDA and an all-time high 
PAT of INR 105 crores in Q3 FY25.  
 
The acquired manufacturing facility is ramping up as per plan and will help in boosting growth 
further in the coming quarters. We remain focused on our strategic pillars for growing the 
company in the coming years. Expanding our business with new product launches and ramping 
up our new facility will help us achieve our next milestone of INR 3,000 crores of revenue. With 
this, I would like to turn this over to Jitendra to update on the financials. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Jitendra Sharma: 
Thank you, sir. In Q3 FY25, our operating revenue stood at INR 682 crores, an increase of 16.3% 
year-on-year compared to INR 586 crores in the same quarter last year. Revenue from U.S. & 
North American markets stood at INR 353 crores, an increase of 37.1% on a year-on-year basis, 
driven by the new product launches and increased market share. U.K. & EU formulation business 
grew by 2.6% year-on-year to INR 258 crores. We witnessed mixed demand trends in this 
market. 
 
Australian & New Zealand markets recorded revenue of INR 47.2 crores, down by 2.8% year-
on-year, affected by seasonality. The Rest of the World recorded revenue of INR 24.1 crores in 
Q3 FY25, affected by geopolitical issues. Gross profit was at INR 384 crores, up 22.4% year-
on-year. Gross margin expanded by 279 basis points from 53.5% to 56.2% in Q3 FY25.  
 
This was driven by a better product mix and lower raw material prices. We recorded EBITDA 
of INR 138.8 crores in Q3 FY25, an increase of 4.3% year-on-year. The EBITDA margin for 
the quarter stood at 20.4%. The reduction in EBITDA margin by 234 basis points was primarily 
due to the addition of new employees at the Teva facility and increase in freight costs. 
 
Profit after tax was at INR 105.1 crores compared to INR 83.0 crores in Q3 FY24, an increase 
of 26.6% year-on-year. EPS for the quarter was at INR 2.3. The R&D spend for Q3 came in at 
INR 11.8 crores, which was 1.7% of the consolidated revenue. 
 
Now talking about the nine-month financial performance. In 9M FY25, our operating revenue 
stood at INR 1,914 crores, an increase of 18.4% compared to INR 1,617 crores in the same 
period last year. The U.S. & North American market recorded revenue of INR 908 crores, up 
34.9% on a year-on-year basis and contributing 47.4% to the total revenue. U.K. & EU markets 
grew by 6.4% year-on-year to INR 756 crores, contributing 39.5% of the revenue.  
 
Australian & New Zealand markets recorded revenue of INR 176 crores, an increase of 13.4% 
on a year-on-year basis. The Rest of the World recorded revenue of INR 74.3 crores. 
Contribution from these 2 markets stood at 9.2% and 3.9%, respectively.  
 
Gross profit was at INR 1,096 crores, up 29.1% year-on-year. Gross margin increased by 475 
basis points to 57.2% in 9M FY25. EBITDA for the period was at INR 403 crores, an increase 
of 15.5% year-on-year. EBITDA margin stood at 21.0% compared to 21.6% in 9M FY24. 
 
The drop in margin is primarily due to the investments in the acquired facility and an increase 
in freight costs. Profit after tax was at INR 292 crores compared to INR 237 crores in 9M FY24, 
a growth of 23.0%. EPS for the nine months was INR 6.4. In the 9M FY25, the cash from 
operations came in at INR 131 crores. The capex during the period was INR 129 crores, which 
is in-line with our plan to scale up the acquired facility. 
 
We spent INR 34.5 crores in R&D in 9M FY25, which amounts to 1.8% of the consolidated 
revenue. We continue to remain debt-free and the cash balance stood at INR 669 crores as of 
31st December 2024. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you very much. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. First question is from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Agastya Dave: 
Congratulations on fairly decent set of numbers. Sir, I had 2 questions. One is the quarterly 
fluctuation in the EBITDA margins. Is there something you would like to call out which 
happened during this quarter or probably happened last year same quarter, which is effectively 
giving an optical decline of 300 basis points, around 250 basis points in EBITDA margins? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
This is Jitendra here. So, mainly if we see the expenses which we have incurred during Q3 in 
this year against the last year same quarter, there was increase in employee cost and also in the 
freight cost, which was a major contributor to this reduction in the EBITDA margin. 
Agastya Dave: 
So the employee cost, I understand completely, sir, freight is still the problem sir, continuing, 
sir? There is still no resolution on that side? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
No, it has started coming down. So, I think that impact you should see in this quarter, in Q4. I 
think this will no longer be a drag on EBITDA from this quarter onwards. And the employee 
cost also, I think as revenue grows, it will be again no drag on EBITDA from next 1 or 2 quarters. 
Agastya Dave: 
Any headwind or tailwind from the raw material costs? 
Mark Saldanha: 
No. The raw material cost is now quite stable. Obviously, it has over time softened. So, we don't 
expect any increase right now on the raw material per se. We do see a bit of stability arising out 
there. But like Jitendra said, our employee cost because of the new facility will have a slight 
drag till operational leverage kicks in. 
Agastya Dave: 
That is completely understandable. Sir, the second question is a hypothetical one. I wanted to 
understand the setup of the distribution channel in the U.S. and how the pricing mechanism is 
working out, especially for you guys? The hypothetical part of the question is that there is a lot 
of talk about the government there imposing universal tariffs on all pharma imports? 
 
So, I'm assuming that if they actually do it, then we'll also be impacted. But I also think that a 
lot of it will be passed on to the end user. So how exactly does the pricing pass-through 
mechanism work in the distribution channel that we have today? What kind of lag can we expect 
if there is a price pass-through? 
 
First of all, can we do a price pass-through? Will the market absorb it? How exactly will it work 
out? For the portfolio of products that we have, are there any local competitors there who can 
become more competitive with respect to our offerings if there is a completely irrational import 
duty imposed on our products? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So presently, India does not have any tariffs being imposed. It is on China right now. That said 
and done, we really don't know what will come tomorrow. It's a very valid question. So 
technically, if it is more, if all countries or all major suppliers to the U.S., whether it's raw 
material or finished product, if tariffs are levied, I think it is fair to say that the price will be 
passed on. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
There will be a time lag that may be depending on the inventory being held at old prices, so you 
are looking at possibly a 6-month time lag to pass it on to the retailers or to the clients. But it 
will be a higher possibility if it is uniformly, if there is no advantage per se. So, there are local 
manufacturers in the U.S. 
 
We have a factory in the U.S., but we import all our ingredients from different parts of the world, 
including China. And obviously, now that China tariffs have been effective, so technically, 
anything that comes in from China, the cost will go up by whatever 10% if we do continue 
getting it from China and if we don't get any price reduction on those materials to compensate 
the tariff. 
 
So, what's going to happen is, obviously, the cost is going to go up and that cost will have to be 
passed on to the retailers. But that's where India comes into play. If India does not have any 
tariffs, then India becomes more advantageous. But we also have our own manufacturing 
capabilities in India. 
 
So, we are in a good spot right now where we can leverage both our capabilities to negate any 
tariff implications. But if tomorrow, there is tariffs on all countries, then literally whether you 
make it in U.S., whether you make it in China, whether you make it in India, it's not going to 
matter, the cost will go up and that cost will have to be passed down. 
Agastya Dave: 
Now the plans that you had with respect to U.S. that growth was is expected to come in in the 
future as well and is supposed to become a sizable market for us. So, all those sales, were you 
planning to sell everything by making in U.S. or something was supposed to be exported from 
India? How are you planning the manufacturing and supply setup? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So, all our distribution happens from U.S., but the manufacturing happens both from U.S. as 
well as India and India contributes a substantial amount of manufacturing support to U.S. So 
technically, we do have a balance, and we do manufacture a lot in India, while we also 
manufacture in the U.S. also. So, obviously, we will leverage low-cost manufacturing base, 
which is India, and that will always be our focus point of manufacturing more in India and 
shipping out into the U.S. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Pal from MSA Capital Partners. 
Aditya Pal: 
Congratulations to the team for a great set of numbers. So, if I were to just say that the reason 
that EBITDA margin has decreased this quarter and obviously, Jitendra sir highlighted during 
the introduction call, so can I say that because our revenues from the Europe and U.K. market, 
maybe U.K. market didn't turn out to be as good as we expected? 
 
And a subpart of this would be that now that we have close to 34 products being filed in U.K. 
do we see growth acceleration coming from this market and this is what will increase our 
EBITDA margin of the Teva facility? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes. So, there are 2 sets of questions out here. So basically, we are very bullish on the U.K. 
market and it's very difficult to analyze it on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Definitely, the season in 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
U.K., the winter was not all that great in U.K. It was a warm winter, you could put it this way. 
So, there was a bit of a seasonality part in the U.K. leading to softening of the number. But that 
said and done, we are very bullish on U.K. We have a growth plan of doubling our revenue 
within the next 5 to 7 years in the U.K. also. 
 
So, we do see U.K. being also a potential growth driver after the U.S. So, we have a robust 
product pipeline, which is awaiting approvals plus what is being filed and plus what is being 
developed. So, we have an exhaustive pipeline out there. U.K. is a much more mature market 
compared to the U.S. So, we do see that revenue getting unfolded as and when approvals do 
come in play. 
 
With regards to the Teva plant, it has to evolve. We still do believe it will do INR 800crores odd 
or INR 800+ crores odd. But it is a process. First is obviously get the plant operational to the 
level we want. Then the second step is to increase the capacity. And the third step is to get all 
the variations in place so that the increased capacity can be utilized. 
 
We can't skip the process because we can't go and get the business or get the variation before 
the capacity is there. Otherwise, you will not be able to deliver the service needed out there. So, 
it is a process that one has to go through. Until then, in the pharma industry, you invest today, 
you see returns later. So out here, you have to get your team ready, you have to have your 
headcount, you have to have highly qualified people. 
 
You have to invest, you have to do the training. And so, you have a gestation of 6 months out 
there before you actually see optimization or operating leverage happening once they come on 
board. So, there will be a time lag. I'm not saying this quarter, you will see what we want to see. 
But definitely, from the next quarter, you will probably see much better. 
Aditya Pal: 
Fair enough. So, in terms of Teva, right? Teva, are we on the operational front, operational 
expenses that is employee benefit expenses and other expenses that we've invested in Teva. Are 
we done with that process? Or do you see that there will be a slight bit more ramp-up in our 
employee benefit expenses, which is today it's INR 88 crores odd. Do you see this ramping up 
furthermore? This is the run rate along with somewhat bonuses and increases that should be 
given? 
Mark Saldanha: 
80% of the employment investment is already done in terms of people. I don't see a big variation 
in people. From a capex point of view, there is still a small percentage which is left in capex to 
get us to what we want to achieve. But that once we achieve the next milestone of hitting INR 
50 crores odd, then we will talk of doing INR 80 crores odd. 
 
So today, we are doing maybe INR 30 crores odd on a month-on-month basis, which is INR 360 
crores odd in a year. That's our run rate. And we want to now hit INR 50 crores odd, which will 
be INR 600 crores odd. And then we talk of INR 80 crores, which will be basically INR 1,000 
crores odd a year. 
Aditya Pal: 
If I can just slip in one last question. So just wanted to understand more from a longer-term 
perspective. So now we have 4 plants, cumulative capacity would be INR3,500 crores odd of 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
revenue generation. And we plan to achieve INR 3,000 crores odd of revenue milestone by 
FY26. And then that is the capacity. Then there's an entire Europe market that we were planning 
to tap. So, from a longer-term perspective, how do we look at the company? One is from the 
capacity once we at INR 3,000 and the other is from a geographical point of view. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes. So basically, from revenue point of view, obviously, we no longer talk of INR 3,000 crores. 
We are already working towards the INR 4,000 crores mark, the business model and the strategy. 
Our growth drivers will still be the top 2 countries that we talk about always, that's U.S. and 
U.K. From a geography point of view, we are working on Europe. 
 
So, we are in dialogue with companies, but that, I think, should be more from a medium to long-
term outlook. There is no short-term outlook in Europe per se. So immediate revenue drivers 
will be the 2 markets that we're already strong in and getting stronger. But from a medium to 
long-term, you will see Europe contributing and you will see doubling our revenue in the markets 
that we are already doing well. 
Aditya Pal: 
Understood. So, from now once we achieve INR 3,000 crores in FY26, do we see capacity being 
constrained because as you rightly highlighted, right, that pharma business is a long gestation 
period business. Even if we start a greenfield or brownfield project, it takes its own time for 
either the plant to stabilize or to get these regulatory accreditations. So now because once we 
achieve INR 3,000 crores, there might be some capacity constraint that we might face in the 
shorter time period, not from a medium to long-term perspective? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So, we do see our present capacity taking us beyond INR 3,000 crores and probably closer to 
INR 4,000 crores odd. But the question is by the time we start crossing INR 3,000 crores and we 
talk of INR 4,000 crores, our business model will take shape to go to the next level already. So 
that's where eventually, we would need to look at capacity infrastructure again to support the 
growth beyond the INR 4,000 crores odd. 
 
So, it's not that we wait for us to achieve INR 3,500 crores or INR 4,000 crores and then look at 
our facility. Because obviously, then our target will be INR 5,000 crores, right? So, we would 
have to probably look at a facility maybe mid of next year, you could say, or towards the end of 
next year to take us beyond INR 4,000 crores odd. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital Securities. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Mark, off-late we have heard in bits and pieces from large Indian players about a renewed focus 
in the OTC space. Are you seeing any increased competition from larger Indian players? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Sorry, I didn't get you, Bino. Did you say retail players or? I didn't get you. Could you repeat it 
again? 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Yes, sure. Off late, the large Indian pharma companies, some of them have indicated a renewed 
focus on the OTC segment in the U.S. So, are you facing any increased competition from the 
larger Indian pharma players in the U.S. market? 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Mark Saldanha: 
Well, I mean, this is not a market that we've invented. So, we can't say it is like it is something 
very normal or we've invented. It's been there. There are bigger players than even Indian 
companies out there. There have been Indian companies. So, I don't think anything has changed 
and I don't think anything will change at least in the near future as to how it operates. 
 
We obviously have an added advantage. We are one step ahead of the industry. So, we have that 
advantage to our side. But nevertheless, like I said, it's a nature of the beast, right? So, it's not 
something that concerns us right now. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Understood. Second, coming to M&A, you were, I believe, open to looking at some small bolt-
on acquisitions in new geographies, especially Continental Europe. Anything coming around on 
that? 
Mark Saldanha: 
We are in dialogue with 2 companies right now as we speak. They are very initial set of 
dialogues. We are far away from any due diligence or putting pen to paper. But again, it's 
difficult. Many times, we've gone down the road, we've even gone to a due diligence stage, and 
pen didn't come to paper for whatever reasons. 
 
So, it's got a bit more difficult to bridge the expectation gaps in M&As. So, we are still optimistic. 
We still work towards achieving those objectives, but we are very conservative in our approach 
so that we ensure that the shareholders get their return on investments. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Understood. One last question for Jitendra. Our depreciation and amortization expense has come 
down Y-o-Y. Why has it happened despite the Teva facility ramping up? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
Yes, Bino. See, when we acquired Teva facility, we got the valuation done like as per the 
requirement. And then basis the remaining life of the few assets, which we got in acquisition, 
there was accelerated depreciation we had to provide in the initial quarters. And subsequently, 
now it has normalized. 
 
So that's why you see a bit of lower depreciation in this quarter. Now of course, as we are doing 
more capex, eventually, it will go up only. So, I think it is because of the accelerated depreciation 
based on the remaining life of the few acquired assets from Teva. The depreciation was high 
during previous quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepesh from Maanya Finance. 
Deepesh: 
My question was actually a reverse of what the first participant had asked. Firstly, who is the 
major competition in our OTC segment in U.S.? And if there are no tariffs levied on India, will 
that give Marksans a greater advantage over its competitors abroad? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Well, yes and no, because most of the players do originate from India. Like Bino mentioned, 
there are players originating from India. So, we are at level 3. But India always gives us a low-
cost manufacturing base advantage, and we leverage that out when needed. If tariffs do come 
into India, then I guess level fields for everybody. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
And that's where we have to then look at the cost implications and then work on passing those 
cost implications down if we don't get any price advantage. So presently, it is not there on the 
horizon, but we never know how politically things change very rapidly. So, we always hope for 
the best. Did I answer your questions? 
Deepesh: 
Yes, you can continue. I mean, if you want to add on anything? 
Mark Saldanha: 
No, no, I'm fine. I mean, I just try to club both your questions and give you a single answer. So, 
I'm just trying to figure out. 
Jitendra Sharma: 
If there are no tariffs on Indian products, then definitely, India will have that edge, to answer 
your question. 
Deepesh: 
Right. I was trying to understand that whether Marksans will get a better edge than other 
companies. But since you said that most of the competition is from India, but again, just 
modifying this question, since we have a manufacturing facility in U.S.A, is it possible for us to 
ramp up this facility if need be? Because, I mean, Trump being Trump, he can get up in the 
morning and just announce some tariffs. 
 
And I mean, he's going to meet Mr. Modi maybe in this week or maybe tomorrow. And looking 
at him, he might just remember, okay, I import a lot of drugs from India. So let me put tariffs. 
So, if that kind of thing happens, can we expand our American facility? Or can we have a 
significant advantage? I mean, can we use that as an advantage for our company? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So basically, you've got to understand when tariffs are put in play, and it depends on how they 
put sweep-in tariff. Let's take, for example, China, right? So, they put sweep-in tariffs on China 
that anything and everything, even what you send by courier has a tariff implication. So 
basically, now our U.S. plant imports material from Europe, from India. A lot from India, a lot 
from China, some from Europe. 
 
So technically, all the cost will go up because the raw materials originate from countries which 
have tariffs. So, the cost will go up if you make it in U.S. And that said and done, the finished 
product cost will also be tariff to that level. So, there is no escaping in terms of cost implications. 
We just hope that we can leverage that advantage being in the low-cost manufacturing base to 
our advantage. I'm hopeful that India would not be levied with tariffs. And that way, we can 
have a balancing act. 
Deepesh: 
Right. Because these are uncertain times. So, if we can have opportunities for our company in 
this, it will be great. Also, I just wanted to understand, we are trying to double our low-cost 
manufacturing in India from INR 8 billion to INR 16 billion. When is that going to happen? 
Mark Saldanha: 
That's already happening, right? So Teva has achieved its first objective, which we had kept as 
INR 30 crores odd of revenue. And now the next milestone is INR 50 crores odd and then INR 
80 crores odd. So, we have achieved the first objective. So, we have broken it down to 3 phases. 
First phase is complete, we are in the second phase, and then we have to look at the third phase. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Deepesh: 
Okay. And if I can squeeze in one question, that what is the capacity utilization of all the plants 
right now? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Teva, our utilization is very low, maybe 20% odd. I would be surprised if it's 20% odd, it's low. 
So, because we have increased capacity, our utilization is low. But that gives us a potential of 
growth, right? So, we are working towards utilizing that capacity to fuel our growth to our next 
milestones. 
Deepesh: 
What about the rest of the plants? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Rest of the plants are at 70% odd. 
Deepesh: 
What is the maximum they can go if you can just answer that? 
Mark Saldanha: 
I would like to say 85%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hiral Nandu from Kalpvruksh Capital. 
Hiral Nandu: 
Congrats for a good set of numbers. My one question on tariff has already been asked and 
answered by you in the previous participant question. The second question, broadly, I would like 
to understand in the last 10, 12 years of our journey, we had a peak margin of around 25% and 
PAT level 18%. So, when do we see we reaching towards that goal in near future or in what time 
frame can we have it? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
Again, difficult to answer this question. So, we are at around 21% right now. And it all depends. 
I think as sales are growing, we are experiencing operating leverage benefit kicking in, and that 
definitely will help us to improve our margin. So, it will depend on the overall market situation 
and our market share. So, giving timeline is difficult. 
Hiral Nandu: 
But is there a possibility that was one of the case with some, I guess, some surprise gain or that 
margin is still achievable or possible with whatever condition remaining favourable and all. So, 
can we expect, we going back to that margin at some point in time with some positive scenarios 
and all? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
See in business, definitely, it is possible. Again, very difficult to give timeline. We cannot give 
any specific commitments on these kinds of numbers. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Chirag Shah, an individual investor. 
Chirag Shah: 
First of all, I'd like to thank you for the tremendous value that you have added to the investors 
over the last three to four years. Most of the guidance and vision which you set for us, you have 
exceeded them. I have two questions. One, on a longer-term, how do you envision this company 
now by 2030? 
 
On the large goals that you are working towards. And other one is more short-term. You've 
targeted INR 3,000 crores by March 2027, but you'll be INR 2,600 crores by the end of this year. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
So, are you going to revise that target because the target, short-term target looks very small? 
Those are the two questions. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Well, I'll maintain my target. Nothing is small in this industry. We face geopolitical uncertainties 
on a daily basis, like one of the investors said – it depends on which side the president wakes 
up. But we will maintain the target of INR 3,000 crores odd. But we no longer talk of INR 3,000 
crores now. Internally, our team is already working on the next milestone, which is INR 4,000 
crores. So, when we talk of 2030, I would like to see beyond that, if you ask me my frank opinion. 
But it's difficult to give a number right now because that makes it a statement. But we would 
like to keep our next goal after INR 3,000 crores to a next milestone of INR 4,000 crores and 
then go on to INR 5,000 crores. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yes. And how does new lines of offerings come into your larger term goals and a little bit light 
on the API goals that you had set yourself? 
Mark Saldanha: 
The API goal will play and the API integration will be a part of our strategy like we have always 
said. It is not going to be and we are not an API company to believe that it's going to make our 
foundation on or create a foundation on, but it will just help us to basically leverage during 
uncertain times. 
 
Obviously, nobody expects to go through a core phase again, and we hope that we never see 
those days. But we just want to be, we just want to cross our T's and dot our I's when that is 
confirmed. But in terms of our growth strategy, our growth strategy is pretty much crystal clear. 
Obviously, U.S., like we no longer talk of INR 200 million now we talk of INR 300 million odd.  
 
We are working towards INR 300 million and then we will obviously revise our goal before we 
reach the end of the year. So, the same way for U.K., we have a business model to double our 
revenue. It may take 5 years, 7 years. So, if you try to put all these pieces in from where we are 
today, obviously, we are looking at a different number if everything unfolds the way we want it 
to unfold. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Maheshwari from Perpetuity Ventures LLP. 
Dhruv Maheshwari: 
I just had a small question. What were the freight costs for the quarter? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
Well, for the quarter, freight costs will be in the range of approximately INR 40 crores odd. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. 
Agastya Dave: 
Thank you very much for allowing me the follow-up. Sir, there has also been a lot of volatility 
in fx. So how are you handling the cross currency moves which are happening? And have you 
changed your hedging policy in any way? Or are you running everything open? Because as of 
now, net-net, we should be a net beneficiary of it, but I'm not sure. I just wanted to know your 
comments and your views also on it. 
Jitendra Sharma: 
So, our major revenues are coming in U.S. Dollar and in GBP. So, we have seen a lot of volatility 
in forex rates off late. So, as a policy, we definitely do some forward setting of our revenue in 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
foreign currency. But as a percentage for U.S. Dollar, we keep it very small because we see 
Rupee will have a depreciating trend. So by and large, our U.S. Dollar exposure, we keep it 
open. And the GBP, definitely, we see more volatility. And that's where we have a bit higher 
forward sales on GBP. So broadly, we follow this policy. 
Agastya Dave: 
So final question. So, excluding the possibility of tariffs and the currency fluctuation, how are 
the realizations moving? What kind of drop have you seen Y-o-Y in this quarter for your product 
basket? Has it still mid to slightly high-single-digits or has it changed? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
So, we haven't seen any drop as such. No, there is no drop in our realizations. 
Agastya Dave: 
So absolutely nothing. On a like-to-like basis, it would be at zero? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
No, no, I couldn't understand your question. Can you repeat it? 
Agastya Dave: 
So your product basket, the prices of your products, have this fallen y-o-y for this quarter? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
No, there is no change actually, no pricing. There is a usual pricing pressure on Rx, which we 
keep getting on our Rx basket of product. But as such, there is no reduction or drop in prices on 
account of tariffs. As such, there is no movement. 
Agastya Dave: 
Excluding any tariffs or excluding any forex volatility, have you seen any price? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
No, it is business as usual for us, though there is volatility in forex market. But on our overseas 
business pricing, there is no impact on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan from Prad Capital. 
Rohan: 
So, my first question is that we have an other income of around INR 28 crores this quarter, which 
seems much higher than normal. So, what does it include? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
So other income has 2 broad components. One is interest and the other is the foreign exchange 
gains. So, during the quarter, we definitely had a better foreign exchange gain. And of course, 
we have a good amount of interest income also. 
Rohan: 
Sir, could you quantify the foreign exchange gain? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
Foreign exchange gain during the quarter was in the range of INR 9 crores to INR 10 crores. 
Rohan: 
Understood. And sir, in your presentation, when you explained the gross profit margin 
sequentially, you said that margin declined primarily due to product mix. So, what is it in the 
product mix this quarter that caused the decline? Is more U.S. slightly margin dilutive? Is there 
any more color on the product mix? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
So, in Q2, we had a bit high gross margin, which was at 59%. And I think at that time itself, we 
were very clear, we had given a guidance that these margins are not sustainable. So, I think those 
margins are now becoming more at a level that will be more sustainable. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Rohan: 
Okay. So, the Q3 margins of around 56%, we should be in the ballpark of this number going 
forward? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hardip Dhodi, an individual investor. 
Hardip Dhodi: 
Sir, I have a very basic question. I have heard a lot of these analysts on the business channels 
mentioning that CDMO is a big opportunity for Indian pharma companies. So now I want to 
know where does our company fall into? Would we classify ourselves as a CDMO player, sir? 
Mark Saldanha: 
No. I don't think we are classified as that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirali Shah from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Nirali Shah: 
Just one question on new products that we are planning to launch. What kind of therapy are we 
looking at in that? And we are not giving any breakup on therapy-wise for a quarter-on-quarter 
basis. So, it would be really helpful if I could get that, which therapy are we targeting? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So it is into pain, it is into digestive therapies. So, we have a bit of a cough & cold and allergy. 
So, it's pretty broad-based, it's not one therapy that we are focusing on, but it is more diversified 
into the areas that we already are into. So, we don't give a breakup therapy-wise. There's so much 
data we've already given. But maybe annually, we basically give up the segments that contribute 
the maximum to us. 
Nirali Shah: 
So, the new products are into the top 3 therapies that we are targeting pain, cough & cold 
analgesic, all the new products are targeting the top 3 of the therapies? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepesh from Maanya Finance. 
Deepesh: 
Just a quick question. I think we have around INR 650 crores to INR 660 crores in as a cash 
balance. What are we going to do to deploy this to get the same ROE that our business is getting? 
Secondly, I think you mentioned something that you're going to look at a new project or a new 
company, a manufacturing facility once you increase your targets to INR 4,000 crores. Are we 
looking for anything? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes. So, the answer to your question, are we looking at targets? We're always looking at targets, 
and we are in dialogue and we are exploring, and that's where cash reserves are needed because 
when we find something interesting, we need to have the capability of closing that possibility. 
So obviously, these are always capital-intensive assets that we look at. 
 
So technically, you need to have deep pockets where that is concerned. So definitely, we are 
looking at increasing capacity by the end of next financial year. That may be organically or 
inorganically. Most likely, we would love to do it inorganically. And M&A is another thing that 
we are also exploring. So, all put together, I think that's where our reserves need to be intact. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Deepesh: 
So, will we be building a war chest by raising fresh capital in terms of a QIP or a preferential for 
the next foreseen expansions or acquisitions? 
Mark Saldanha: 
No, I don't think so. I think we have the reserves. We've kept reserves for that, cash reserves for 
that, and I don't think we need it right now. 
Deepesh: 
That will suffice for the next acquisition? 
Mark Saldanha: 
We are hoping. We don't do some crazy acquisitions. Our history will say that we've never gone 
into some big-ticket deals. We are not averse to it, but we try to avoid any risk or you could say 
we do a risk mitigation to see that there is no devaluation on what we acquire. So, our approach 
to M&A is a bit different than most of the Indian companies. 
Deepesh: 
Okay. And the promoter holding is around 43%. Do you think that or you're comfortable with 
that or do you want to increase this promoter holding? 
Mark Saldanha: 
I didn't get you. Do I want to - 
Deepesh: 
Increase this? I mean, you hold around 43.8%, right? So, are you planning to increase this stake 
in the near future? 
Mark Saldanha: 
I've not given much thought, honestly, on that, and I will explore it at a different time. But right 
now, I'm not giving much thought to that. 
Deepesh: 
Because there have been some open market transactions from Sandra, but I mean, in that way, I 
just wanted to know whether the promoter wants to increase his skin in the game or? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Well, like I said, I've not given some thought, and Sandra, I mean, she's free to buy from the 
market if she wants to buy. So, it's not strategic buying. So technically, when we do give it a 
thought, we will go and acquire something from the market. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you all for taking this time and interest in our company and totally appreciate all the 
support and the good wishes for the company. Have a great evening and be safe. Take care. 
Cheers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities India Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you 
 
Note: This document has been edited to improve readability 
 
 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Contact information: 
Jitendra Sharma (CFO): jitendra@marksanspharma.com 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
11th Floor, GRANDEUR, Opp. Gundecha Symphony,  
Veera Desai Extension Road, Oshiwara, 
Andheri (W), Mumbai - 400 053 
Corporate Identification No.: L24110MH1992PLC066364 
 
