 
 
Ref: GSL/CS/Q4/2024-25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 17.02.2025 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
National Stock Exchange Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Script code: 544140 
Symbol: GOPAL 
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 –Transcript of Earning Conference Call – Q3 UFR FY25 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In continuation of our letter dated 06.02.2025 for Analyst / Investor Earning Conference 
Call and in pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended 
from time to time, enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earning Conference Call with 
the Investors and Analysts held on Wednesday 12th February at 03.30 PM (IST) to 
discuss the operations and financial performance for the quarter and nine months ended 
on 31st December 2024. 
 
The transcript of the Earning Conference Call will be available on the website of the 
Company at: www.gopalnamkeen.com  
 
 
 
Kindly acknowledge and take on your record. Thanking You.  
 
 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For, GOPAL SNACKS LIMITED 
 
      
         
                              
CS Mayur Gangani 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
Membership No. F9980 
 
Encls: a/a 
Gangani 
Mayur 
Popatbhai
Digitally signed by 
Gangani Mayur 
Popatbhai 
Date: 2025.02.17 
20:31:30 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Gopal Snacks Limited  
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BIPINBHAI HADVANI - CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGEMENT DIRECTOR 
MR. NAVEEN GUPTA - CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
MR. YASH RAJPARA - AGM FINANCE 
MODERATORS: MR. NITIN GUPTA FROM EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call hosted 
by Emkay Global Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Gupta from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Thank you and over to you, Mr. Gupta. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to welcome the Management and thank them for this 
opportunity. We have with us today Bipin Hadvani – Chairman & Management Director; 
Naveen Gupta, Chief Business Officer and Yash Rajpara, AGM Finance. I shall now hand over 
the call to the management for the opening remarks. Over to the management. 
Bipin Hadvani: 
Namaskar. Welcome everyone to the Earnings Call of Q3 FY25. I will give you a brief 
Presentation on the Quarterly Performance of the Company: 
As we reflect on Q3 FY2025, it is evident that this has been a quarter of several challenges, 
decisive action, and resilient progress for Gopal Snacks. On December 11, 2024, a significant 
fire incident occurred at our Rajkot I manufacturing facility, halting operations at one of our 
main units. While there were no casualties or injuries, the event temporarily disrupted production 
and imposed significant challenges on our operations. However, prioritizing safety and 
continuity, we swiftly implemented measures to stabilize operations.. Within days, we scaled up 
production at our Modasa and Nagpur facilities to offset the loss of capacity. Simultaneously, 
we collaborated with third-party manufacturers to ensure uninterrupted supply of our products 
to the market. These actions allowed us to restore ~50% of supply levels within the first two 
weeks post-incident and we have been able to restore ~75% of supplies by end of Jan-25.. To 
further reinforce our operational stability, we commissioned a manufacturing facility in Gondal, 
Rajkot on back of strong backward integration. The Gondal plant has already commenced 
commercial production of key products of Gathiya and Namkeen segments - which are integral 
to our product portfolio. This unit will not only restore lost capacity but also strengthening our 
long-term production capabilities. And this is why we have 75% supply restored by the end of 
25th December 2024. 
In addition to the operational disruptions, the increased cost of key raw materials, such as palm 
oil, further compounded the pressure on margins. Despite these challenges, our unwavering 
focus on innovation and market growth remained steadfast. Our unaffected product segments 
continued to demonstrate remarkable resilience, with the Wafers segment registering an 
impressive YoY growth of 48% during Q3 FY25. Focus Markets and Other States also reported 
robust YoY growth of 19.7% and 48.3%, respectively, during the same period. This growth was 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
primarily driven by strategic expansion efforts and the addition of 207 new distributors in the 
past nine months. These achievements underscore the strength of our product portfolio, 
distribution network, and market strategies. The challenges of Q3 FY2025 have reaffirmed our 
belief in the importance of resilience, adaptability, and long-term vision. Our immediate 
priorities include scaling operations at the Gondal facility, phasing out third-party manufacturing 
and to fully restore the affected supplies by the end of this fiscal year. While the quarter 
underscored the unpredictable nature of external challenges, it also highlighted the strength of 
our strategic vision and operational framework. Our long-term goals remain unchanged: to 
enhance market leadership, deliver innovative and high-quality products, and generate 
sustainable value for all stakeholders. I thank all the employees and the investors for their 
patience and support. Thank you. 
Yash Rajpara: 
Thank you, Mr. Bipin sir. Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Yash Rajpara. So, let me begin 
with the sharing Key Financial Highlights of the Quarter and Nine Months ended on December 
31, 2024. 
Let us take up Key Financials for Q3 FY25 first. 
During the quarter, we achieved revenue from operations of Rs. 393.6 crores, marking the year-
on-year growth of 7.12%. This growth was driven by product innovation, focused channel 
engagement and expansion in distribution network as well as imparting essential training to our 
dealers and feet on the street. 
Our gross profit for the quarter stood at Rs. 84.2 crores, representing a gross profit margin of 
21.4% against 26.3% last year. Our margins during the period were impacted by several factors 
starting with rising key raw material pricing, which added a significant pressure on our margins. 
Key raw materials such as palm oil, potato, and chana witnessed sharp price increases on a year-
on-year basis and that has substantially impacted our cost structure. In response to that, we have 
undertaken multiple initiatives, like downward revision in grammage in our Rs. 5 and Rs. 10 
SKUs for Gathiya and Namkeen products, as well as upward revision in selling price in some of 
our larger packs. Margin pressure was also observed as a result of third-party tie ups to resume 
our production and supplies, consequently to the incident of fire. However, this pressure is both 
marginal and temporary. 
Our EBITDA for Q3 stood at Rs. 15.5 crores with an EBITDA margin of 3.9% against 9.6% 
from last year. In addition to the decline in GP being the main reason, the decline is also 
attributable to an increase in employee benefit expenses as well as advertisement and 
promotional costs. Our profit after tax stood at Rs. 5.3 crores with a PAT margin of 1.5%. 
Now coming to “YTD Performance” for nine months of FY25: 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
We reported revenue from operations of Rs.1,150.5 crores with a year-on-year growth of 10.2%. 
Gross profit stood at Rs. 303.6 crores with gross margin of 26.4% as against 28.7%. Gross profit 
has remained in line with last year. EBITDA stood at Rs. 103.2 crores with EBITDA margin of 
9% compared to 12.4% last year. 
We would like to reassure you that the underlying business fundamentals of Gopal Snacks 
remain strong and we are well positioned for a steady recovery. Our focus remains on optimizing 
operational efficiency, enhancing profitability and delivering value to all our stakeholders. 
With this, I would like to request Naveen sir to provide operational highlights for the quarter 
gone by. 
Naveen Gupta: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining. During the quarter, we demonstrated 
resilience and adaptability, overcoming significant challenges to deliver a strong performance. 
Talking about statewide performance, our focus states achieved a healthy growth of 19.7%, 
showcasing the success of our expanded distribution network and market-specific strategies. 
Other states continued to exhibit stellar performance with a significant growth of 48.3% driven 
by our targeted effort to tap into new regions and expand our geographical presence. These 
results underscore the success of our ongoing initiative to strengthen our footprint across 
underpenetrated markets. Our strategy focused on key segments yielded remarkable results this 
year. The wafer category witnessed a substantial growth of 48% driven by continuous product 
innovation, enhanced trade campaigns, and improved channel engagement. We remain 
committed to establishing a leading position in this category by introducing region-specific 
products and flavors tailored to our consumer preferences. 
Additionally, we are intensifying efforts to strengthen the Gathiya and Namkeen segments, 
which despite the fire incident remain integral to our portfolio. A key driver of our success 
remains our expanding distribution network, which has grown to 874 distributors, adding 207 
new partners in the past nine months. This expansion has played a crucial role in strengthening 
our market presence, driving revenue growth and increasing our share across key regions. 
Furthermore, commercial operations have started at our new manufacturing facility in Gondal. 
This facility is a pivotal step in reaffirming our commitment to operational excellence and supply 
chain resilience. The new plant is expected to operate at 100% capacity by the end of this fiscal 
year significantly enhancing our production capabilities and enabling a faster phase out of third 
party manufacturing.  
During the quarter, we laid the groundwork for additional branding and marketing initiatives 
which are set to launch in the upcoming quarter. These efforts aim to enhance brand visibility 
and strengthen market penetration, ensuring sustained growth and consumer engagement. Our 
long-term strategy focuses on expanding market presence, enhancing operational efficiencies, 
and fostering innovation across our product lines with a strong distribution network supported 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
by rapid deliveries through own logistics vehicles, increased capacity utilization, and a 
diversified product portfolio. We are well positioned to capitalize on emerging opportunities. 
We remain committed to driving sustainable growth, optimizing profitability, and delivering 
long-term value to our stakeholders. 
This is all from my end. I now request the attendees to come up with their questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question and answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Yes sir, thank you for the opportunity and it's really a tough quarter for the Company but you 
performed with resilience so that's good to see. So, the first question on the margin movement 
during the quarter, so we have seen almost 756 basis point of dip in the gross margin and the 
reason is one is the RM inflation, the second is maybe third-party procurement, slightly higher 
cost compared to what we were manufacturing inside. So, first is what is the component of these 
two factors in terms of contribution of margin decline and second is when do you see your 
margin going back to the Q2 level in near term, is there any possibility? You can make comments 
on that also. 
Yash Rajpara: 
Thank you for the question. Major reason is attributable to RM pricing only. As you know, the 
third-party manufacturing was just after the fire. So, it is in the last few days of the quarter. Its 
contribution to the declining GP is very minimal, not even say half percent of the quarter. 
Majorly decline in gross margin is on account of incremental palm oil and other commodity 
pricing such as potato.  
Naveen Gupta: 
Let me answer this question. The margin pressures, what indications we are getting, and the 
current quarter also continues to be challenging. And we see chana and potato prices 
significantly softening. And as far as edible oil prices are concerned, it's very difficult to predict 
although, future prices quotes are comparatively lower. We see that in Q1 there will be marginal 
improvement in margins, but Q2 will be back on track because of three reasons. One, RM prices 
will stabilize. Two, whatever actions we are taking for short term or mid-term, whether it is 
corrections in grammage or increasing MRP or whatever the ways are to pass on inflation 
impacts to the consumer. Plus the third thing is by that time our dependency on third party will 
be reduced or it will become zero. Third party operations may not have impacted on our margins 
beyond 1% but there is a disruption in the supply chain, which impacts our transportation cost 
as well. That additional transportation costs will also become zero. And we have clear timelines 
laid that our Modasa operations will start from the first week of July itself to cater to a larger 
product basket. So, that also saves us a substantial amount in terms of transportation costs, even 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
inward and outward both kinds of transportation costs as the labor costs. So, margins are 
expected to come back on track from Q2. 
Manish Ostwal: 
So, Q4 margin will be very similar to Q3. Am I right sir? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Yes. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Okay. The second question on the ad spend for, so can you indicate the total spend we have done 
for nine months in the Q3 on ad spend? Because we are expanding the distribution network in 
the focus market so that also increase the ad spend. So, how much we have incurred for nine 
months and Q3? 
Yash Rajpara: 
So, by December 31st, 2024, we have incurred advertisement and sales promotion expenditure 
to the tune of Rs. 7.25 crores which then translates to less than 1% of the revenue from operation. 
Manish Ostwal: 
And lastly sir to judge the concentration risk of our production operation, so in terms of our plant 
wise concentration of sales like Rajkot, Nagpur, Modasa and Gondal, can you briefly give the 
indicative contribution of these facilities to our sales? 
Naveen Gupta: 
So, let's take a ballpark figure of Rs. 100 crores what we did in the month of December. Rs. 40 
crores came from Nagpur plant and Rs. 25 crores came from Modasa plant and the rest Rs. 35 
crores came largely from the third party. So, third parties are now gradually getting shifted to 
our Gondal facility. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Pawan from Geojit PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Pawan: 
Hi sir, tough times, but I think sir, despite the issue, we have got 7% revenue growth. That is 
pretty good, in my opinion. My only question is that earlier quarter also we had spoken about 
increase in large size pack. And I think the trend is showing towards increasing contribution 
from large size pack. So, in this quarter Rs. 10 and above is about 23.5% of our revenue Anything 
that you can highlight what are the good things you have done here what is working and how do 
you want to take this ahead going forward? 
Naveen Gupta: 
So, Pawan bhai, post-fire incident there was massive trouble for us to produce larger packs. Our 
key focus and even when we go for our dependence on third party, all the other parties had the 
facility to pack the smaller pack but did not have the facility to pack the larger packs. So, it 
remained under pressure, and it will continue to remain under pressure in the current quarter as 
well. Now, you can see from last week onwards, our complete focus is now how to ensure that 
we get larger pack supplies because we don't wish to lose market share of those consumers where 
our pack goes inside the house. Having said that, we have unveiled a product basket of 27 items 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
which are standby pouches which were not earlier in our portfolio. We have already commenced 
production of Standy Pouches from Nagpur 10 days back. We have got a tremendous response 
for our Standy Pouches. We are currently running out of stock on a daily basis from our Nagpur 
plant for these Standy Pouches. Going forward, as we had mentioned that we are going to 
improve our footprint in modern trade and e-commerce platforms, so these larger pouches will 
help us in two ways. One is definitely improving revenues and profitability. Second, it enhances 
brand imagery. So, we are going to launch these 27 Sandy Pouches in Gujarat as well in next 15 
days. Large pack contribution will definitely improve. That is one of our strategy, and that how 
to improve our product mix from profitability perspective as well. Because these Standy pouches 
give us better margin as compared to our smaller pack. 
Pawan: 
Okay, and sir, any one-off cost in this quarter so far because of fire, you highlighted travel related 
thing. Apart from that, any one-off cost in this quarter? 
Naveen Gupta: 
No, there is nothing.  
Pawan: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, given that, whatever we were targeting revenue before this fire incident 
happened, now given that in the next financial year, only Q1 is supposed to be a soft quarter, 
largely our estimates target for FY26 and FY27 should be broadly the same, if I'm not wrong. Is 
that correct? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Yes. First month onwards itself, everything will be 100% back up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Resha Mehta from Greenedge Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Resha Mehta: 
Yes, thank you. It is very unfortunate that the incident happened while we were on a very good 
growth momentum. But now the question is, one is from a very short-term perspective, that 
while you all have not quantified the loss estimates, but do we have any number on that or what 
can be the one-off costs that we may see because then that will be an ugly margin surprise 
sometime soon. Any numbers there and also on the insurance bit, what's the kind of insurance 
cover that we have and the status on the claim and the timelines?  
Yash Rajpara:  
Thank you. See, from the insurance perspective, we still believe that it is still little premature to 
comment on the exact quantum of loss to be proved, because the present survey and loss 
assessment activities is underway. In addition to that, an e-auction for the scrap restructuring is 
going on. But we are expecting better clarity in this Q4 regarding the exact amount of loss to be 
quantified and to be accounted for. And we have an insurance cover of Rs. 174 crores for this 
facility. To be very precise. 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Resha Mehta: 
And sir, what was the invested amount to actually build this plant? What kind of Capex had we 
incurred to build this plant? 
Yash Rajpara: 
So, over a period of time, the aggregate gross block of the same was near to Rs. 75 crores to Rs. 
80 crores. 
Resha Mehta: 
Okay, and by when do we expect this affected plan to fully come on stream and how much Capex 
will be incurring to get it fully functional just like before? 
Naveen Gupta:  
No, let me give you ample clarity. We don't intend to make this affected plan fully operational. 
We have a stepwise plan ready with us. What we are going to do, right now our Gondal thing is 
a makeshift arrangement. From 1st of July our Modasa will start, Modasa will become 
operational for 100% of our product basket. Once that product basket stabilizes, what we are 
going to do, for our Fryums category which are lighter in nature, we will start our production in 
our existing papad unit on a floor. So, we will have roughly 10% contribution coming from 
Rajkot in future for Gujarat and 90% contribution will come from Modasa plant itself. We don't 
intend to restart this affected plant. 
Resha Mehta: 
Okay, understood and this you're saying will be by 1st of July this Modasa plant will be 
completely operational, right? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Let me further give you time line. By 30th of April our civil work will be completed. We will 
have two months in our hands to do machinery installation in our Modasa plant. So, after that, 
you know with each passing day we will keep adding one product. So, it will take roughly one 
and a half month by 15th of August, 100% of our product basket will get manufactured at 
Modasa. 
Resha Mehta: 
Okay. So, by 15th August, we are expecting full restoration of our production facilities, which 
was pre-fire? Is that understanding right with zero third-party sourcing? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Correct. Third-party sourcing will come to an end much before that because we have our Gondal 
plant to back up our interim operation. 
Resha Mehta: 
Alright, so when do we expect third party sourcing to end? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Next, couple of months. 
Resha Mehta: 
Okay. And while you talked about the margins, but when you say we will go back to normalize 
margins by Q2, so what is it that an EBITDA level that we would be targeting? 
Yash Rajpara:  
In Q2, we are assuming that edible oil prices will stabilize and rather decline by at least 5% to 
10%. Then our EBITDA margin will be to the tune of 10% to 11% in Q2. 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nitin Gupta from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Thank you. Naveenji, just wanted to check, like, what is the quantum of price hike we have 
affected so far and the quantum of price hike we are looking to effect in Q4? 
Naveen Gupta: 
In Q4 on the larger packs, we took a price hike of 12% to 13% on a weighted average basis. And 
on smaller packs, like Rs. 5 packs, we reduced the grammage from 25 to 22 grams. But this 
reduction did not start in the first week of Q3. First, we did 25g to 24g in second week of October 
and then 24g to 22g we made it in last week of November. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Okay, sir, thank you. And I just wanted to check, like in terms of disruption in production, so 
how have our products been available across the market? So, do you see any drop in outlet 
coverage and distributor churn post fire? There is a minor drop in distributor count in states like 
Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, and Rajasthan. Just wanted to get some clarity on this. 
Naveen Gupta: 
On December 23, we had 275 distributors in Gujarat and December 24, we had 290. And January 
25, we had a count of 287 distributors in Gujarat. Largely, our impacted states, Gujarat, 
Rajasthan and parts of MP, which we were catering from Rajkot, there is no decline in 
Maharashtra. There is no decline in Uttar Pradesh. There is no decline in Madhya Pradesh. There 
is no decline in Rajasthan Q3 versus Q3. But yes, In January, Rajasthan had dip in certain number 
of distributors because of poor supplies. And other states did not have any drop assets. As on 
date 31st January, we had 878 active distributors. Last year, December, it was 638. Only one 
distributor left us in Gujarat. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Sure, and lastly, if you can help us understand about the Capex outlay for Gondal and Modasa? 
Yash Rajpara: 
So, Nitin bhai, expected Capex for Gondal and Modasa is likely to be around say Rs. 50 crores 
to Rs. 60 crores, all including plant and machinery as well as civil structure which is under 
construction. 
Naveen Gupta: 
Let us understand in a way because in Gondal our civil was already ready and we just installed 
our machinery. Once our civil is ready in Modasa, we will shift majority of those machines to 
Modasa. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Yes, sir. I have only one question with respect to revenue target for F26 and FY27. What is the 
target for these two years? 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Naveen Gupta: 
This financial year we will be closing at roughly Rs. 1,500 crores. So, we will deliver Rs. 1,800 
crores in next financial year and we earmarked a minimum growth rate of 20% for the subsequent 
financial year as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naitik from NV Alpha Fund. Please go ahead. 
Naitik: 
Hi sir, thanks for taking the question. So, my first question is, if you could give us some sense 
on what sort of margins we make in our Wafer segment. Is it above the Company level margins 
or below because we're seeing rapid growth in that segment. So, just wanted to know what sort 
of margins we make in wafer segment? 
Naveen Gupta: 
So, Naitik, apologies for delay. If we talk about the potato wafers, the Q3 margins were in the 
terms of 18% to 20%, but on annualized basis, the same shall be considered to be somewhere 
between 30% to 33% due to expected fresh and cheaper potato crops. 
Naitik: 
Right. And in terms of EBITDA also, they are sort of at Company level or above Company 
level? 
Naveen Gupta: 
In wafers, as a category, the annualized basis gross margin will be 30% to 33% and at the 
annualized basis, it will be 28% to 29%. 
Naitik: 
My second question is, it's quite heartening to see your growth aspirations of 70% and above. 
But my question is, Snack Pellets and Namkeen have sort of not seen growth, even if I exclude 
the last quarter which was affected by fire, even before that, they are sort of been flattish and not 
grown. And these two are big categories for us. So, can we expect these two categories to start 
contributing in terms of growth going forward? 
Yash Rajpara: 
Definitely. I will try to give you a split of October, November versus December. So, October-
November values were Rs. 279 crores. Going by that run rate, we would have delivered Rs. 135 
crores - Rs. 140 crores in the month of December itself. So, Snack Pellet are a major contributor 
in Gujarat state. So, if going forward, we are going to do lot of product innovation as well in 
Snack Pellet category. Our only new introduced product in Snack pellet was Pizza Pasta and it 
was an instant hit. So, we have three more products in our kitty and we will be supporting couple 
of our products through consumer promotion of like toys etc. to come back at our regular packs 
in Snack pellet category. As far as Namkeens are concerned, we have multiple plans how to 
bring back Namkeen's run rate. One definitely will be our marketing endeavor, because we are 
heavily dependent on Gujarat for our Namkeen revenue. Second, from outside Gujarat, we 
introduced these Standy pouches, which are, I mean, we launched it 10 days back in Nagpur, 
and feedback is very good. Whatever stocks we are producing every day, every day it's getting 
sold out 100%. So, Namkeens will also start growing. 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Naitik: 
Right sir, got it. Sir, one more question I have is, the advertising spend that you mentioned, the 
voice wasn't very clear. So, you could just repeat how much we have spent in the nine months? 
Naveen Gupta: 
It was Rs. 7.24 crores. 
Naitik: 
And so, my last question is, are we going to appoint or are we looking for a new CFO or any 
updates on that front? 
Naveen Gupta: 
So, Naitik, our talent acquisition team is already actively engaged with the potential candidates 
and as soon as the Company will find suitable candidate, the one will be on boarded. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Disha Giria from Ashika Institutional Equity. 
Please go ahead. 
Disha Giria: 
Hi. Good afternoon. Sir, you mentioned in your commentary that you do not intend to restart the 
affected plant fully. So, I mean, could you just explain on that once? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Yes, that's very simple. To dismantle that building and remake that building is going to take 
more time. That building, that whole asset is already under insurance Company preview. So, we 
don't wish to lose our revenue. Secondly, Modasa as a location is more strategic versus Rajkot, 
which helps us to save roughly Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 12 crore on annualized basis, going to inward 
freight cost as well as outward freight cost. So, it's more sensible for us to relocate to Modasa 
for our larger dependency of product basket. 
Disha Giria: 
Okay, and the second question is that earlier in one of the analyst's questions, you had mentioned 
that the large pack contribution will improve with the launch of the new pack that you have. My 
query is regarding the small packs. So, considering the inflation and how they do not contribute 
that much to the margin, are you planning on discontinuing the Rs. 5 - Rs. 10 or any of these 
price point packs? 
Naveen Gupta: 
No, not at all. Rs. 5 products are our bread and butter and we don't intend to discontinue with 
our Rs. 5 price point product. There will always be a couple of scopes. One is further grammage 
reduction. Second could be reducing retailer's marketing. If you remember during COVID times 
palm oil prices has spurted to in dollar terms all time at 25 years all time high and in INR terms 
it has gone up to Rs. 165 per litre. At that point of time, majority of companies restructured the 
retailer margin and price to retailer was coming to Rs. 4.50 which is currently Rs. 4.25. So, in 
case it further goes up, so the entire industry will reduce the retailer margin and reduce the 
grammage. So, the one portion can be passed to the consumer, another portion of inflation can 
be passed to the retailer. 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhumin Shah from Sameeksha Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhumin Shah: 
Good afternoon. So, are you planning any price action or grammage reduction in Q4? That is 
the first question. And second is, if we look at the potato chips sale on quarter-on-quarter basis, 
packs growth is only 2% whereas price growth is 7%. So, are we selling the larger packs or how 
the shift is happening over that just wanted to understand this? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Bhumin bhai we are not intending, as on date we are not intending any further grammage 
reduction in Q4 at least because there is competition landscape as well and coming to this potato 
thing, earlier we were selling our wafers roughly 15% to 20% cheaper trade price versus the 
leader brand. So, we have reduced that gap now by 7% - 8%. 
Disha Giria: 
Okay and the last question is that let the Rajkot was X percent capacity before the fire incident. 
So, will it be covered by Modasa going forward or Modasa will have a larger capacity as 
compared to the pre-fire Rajkot facility? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Yes, Modasa will have a larger capacity. 
Disha Giria: 
So, will it be 10% - 20%, if you can give us the number? How much bigger will the modasa 
plant be compared to Rajkot? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Roughly 20% - 25% more capacity versus the affected plant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Thank you for the opportunity and very unfortunate state of events, but it's good to see that we 
are trying to catch up and come back fast enough to our original plan. Just my one question I 
mean, in the process of going through this entire journey, I mean, you, you're having to reimagine 
your own manufacturing footprint, logistics, maybe even product packaging and sizes. So, are 
the good things that are coming out in this whole reimagination process which kind of bring in 
more efficiencies into the way you now conduct business going ahead? What are those areas that 
you may have identified from efficiencies as well as from new product areas targeting which 
gives you more revenue? So, just trying to understand that. 
Naveen Gupta: 
There are a couple of things, Pulkit, which we realized. One is when we were running short of 
our key products, so we tried to drive our entire sales team as well, dealer fraternity, to start 
focusing on whatever was available with us. So, at least the distribution team is more geared 
now to sell a better range of products. And as far as efficiencies are concerned, whatever small 
inefficiencies were there in the affected plant, because this plant was always made over a number 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
of years. So, those are identified. So, definitely when we put a new plant, so those things are 
taken care of. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Right. Are you able to quantify in terms of eventually, I mean, initially, this business was a 11% 
- 12% margin kind of business. And even there you had certain capacity utilizations were low, 
etc. But if you think of it two-three years out, the new plants, the reduced logistics cost, etc. I 
mean, how much more margins can be envisaged? I mean, are you able to quantify the 
efficiency? 
Naveen Gupta: 
We got a cost sheet made from our cost accountant and that is why I mentioned the precise 
number that by putting up, we had a lot of diligence internally and we had a lot of debate and 
discussion, first basis our guts and then finally we got into actions. We said okay make cost 
sheet. So, it has come out of cost sheet that why we should move our manufacturing to Modasa 
because it gives us an annualized saving of Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 12 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nikunj Mehta from Magma Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
First of all, very good commendable performance in terms of how we got back after the 
unfortunate incident which kind of happened. I have a couple of questions. First is that, one of 
the pointers which you mentioned is that in the month of December, almost around Rs. 35 crores 
was the third party procurement which we kind of had in terms of overall sales. Is that correct, 
that number? 
Naveen Gupta: 
It was roughly Rs. 13 crores to Rs. 15 crores from third party. The total business loss was to the 
tune of Rs. 30 crores- Rs. 35 crores. This is what I stated. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
Okay. Understood. So, that roughly amounts to from a quarterly sales perspective that roughly 
amounts to close to 5%. So, how do we see the mix in Q4 from third party in your assessment? 
Naveen Gupta: 
See, our dependency on third party will remain on monthly basis for next two months at least, 
Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 12 crores per month. But simultaneously business losses will keep reducing 
because now we will have our Gondal plant is also fixed. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
Understood. fair point to that. And the second question which I had was more with regards to 
competitive intensity. Now, because of the palm oil prices, I think everyone is facing a lot of 
challenges. So, just wanted to know that we have reduced the grammage on the Gathiya side, as 
we have mentioned, that we won't lose further. So, my question was one, that how has the 
competition reacted to that? Has the competition also reacted to similar kind of grammage 
increase or they have been more aggressive to take some market share by continuing with the 
25 gram kind of a packet?  

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Naveen Gupta: 
A few players have reduced grammages, few stopped production and few becomes more 
aggressive who are more keen to take market share. I mean, there are players who are still ready 
to burn the money and keen to take market share. So, there is always mix of competition. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
Okay. And in Q4, do you see on the wafer side to be further taking price hike? Because the point 
which I'm coming to is that we have mentioned that we have taken a weighted average price 
increase in the larger pack segment. And we are clearly not the market leaders in that segment. 
And though our pricing discount versus PL would have reduced, if suppose the competition 
doesn't take the price hike then it will be very difficult for the product to get put into the market. 
So, what is your sense on that because that is one of the segments which is the fastest growing 
segment for us. 
Naveen Gupta: 
I just got a poll conducted yesterday by the entire distribution team. We took a price hike in the 
wafer’s Rs. 10 segment which is the highest contributing SKU for us. We took a price hike to 
the tune of 7% - 8%. So, I got a poll conducted from my distribution team whether it is impacting 
revenue or not. So, 100% of the people responded there is no negative impact. So, now comes 
to what competition will do. I will tell you the exact number. Rs. 10 MRP wafers, the leader 
brand in Gujarat sells at Rs. 8.50. A year back we were selling at Rs. 6.50. So, I took a gradual 
hike, then I made it Rs. 6.90, then I made it Rs. 7.40. So, currently we are also selling at Rs. 
8.50, but now I am supporting through a trade scheme of weighted average, 7-8%. So, versus 
competition, if one year back the gap was to the tune of 20%-25%, now the gap has reduced to 
just 7%-8%. So, competition will neither increase the price nor decrease the price from here. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
And it is basically not impacting the sales also is what you kind of see. 
Naveen Gupta: 
No, it's not impacting sales. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
Okay, and last question from my side, because of this disruption and everything, and because I 
am assuming there will be a bit of increase on the working capital side as well, so have our 
borrowing increase compared to our September and balance sheet numbers? 
Naveen Gupta: 
So, Nikunj, there has been a marginal utilization of working capital facilities because we had a 
surplus available with us at the time of fire event taking place. So, there hasn't been much of 
utilization. Since we are expecting new crop season, there will be a utilization in Q4. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
Okay, understand. That's just from my side. Thank you and all the best. It was very commendable 
that you guys have come back in terms of the production disruption which has happened and 
posting a growth in this quarter was a good feat which we have achieved. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Abhishek Kumar from Sanctum 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is on raw materials. So, raw material, I just 
want to know our main raw material, which is a Palmolive oil, potato, chana dal, so what exactly 
is the percentage of our total raw material basket? If you could give some rough numbers on 
that. 
Naveen Gupta: 
You want split of RM? 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Yes, split, sir. 
Yash Rajpara: 
So, Abhishek, out of the entire composition, the palm oil contains 26% roughly, 26% to 28%. 
And then the second highest consuming ingredient is Channa, which contributes to roughly 20% 
to 23% of the product composition. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay, got it. And have you seen any, you mentioned that you have some softness in the potato 
and chana prices in the recent month. So, I just wanted to know, so out of the total, sudden swing 
in prices across our raw material market, so by now, how much price hikes or grammage cuts in 
order to cover for that we would have taken? 
Yash Rajpara: 
6%. You are asking typically about the waterfall, right? 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Yes, the cumulative price highs in order to cover for the incremental cost what all we would 
have taken up until now and how much will you intend to take say maybe next month or by Q1? 
Naveen Gupta: 
If RM prices impacted us to the tune of 10.8% on total, we passed on to the consumer 5.9% out 
of that. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay, and the rest you intend to undertake in future months or next year? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Yes. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay, got it. And other set of questions was with respect to our segregation of markets into core 
and focus. Given that this last quarter got impacted, especially the last month got impacted 
because of our large-scale facility. Just wanted to know how do we look at the growth rates for 
core states, which is Gujarat and other focus states on a yearly basis? How is the Company 
thinking about it? What kind of growth risk we could expect? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Yes, so core state Gujarat definitely once things stabilize, so will continue to grow at a pace of 
10% to 12% because whatever corrections we were taking in Gujarat and distribution those are 
started yielding results and our focus markets will grow at a pace of 25% and the other markets 
will continue to grow at a pace of 40% to 50%. 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay, got it. And given that we are expanding at a good pace now, so what kind of brand building 
activities and general ATL activities we are thinking of? Because given that our presence has 
now increased over several states, you have to start investing on that. So, what's the thought 
process behind that? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Yes, more than earlier, it was like want for us to grow revenue, to come out with aggressive 
marketing endeavor. Now it will become or rather it has become a need for us because definitely 
in this period we have lost some market share, some market space to the competition. So, in 
order to take back that shelf space or market share we will do a full-blown TV commercial 
somewhere in Q2. More important for us right now is to get back our production to the full scale. 
Once product availability stabilizes, then we will do a full-blown TV commercial. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay, sir. That's good to know. And then my last question is, again, with respect to focus market. 
So, we have presence in Maharashtra and UP and these two states being two big states. So, how 
exactly are the setting there and what is our strength in terms of our touch points in these states 
and how are we attacking competition also on the ground? If we could just say. 
Naveen Gupta: 
So, we will focus more on Maharashtra because we have a plant in Nagpur. So, that makes more 
sense to us to have a better distribution depth in a vicinity of 300 to 400 kilometers of our plant. 
Having said that, UP is a large market with a large population base. Gathiya is a big contributor 
in UP. Gathiya is not so big contributor in Maharashtra. But since our media campaign will be 
around our hero product, Gathiya, so definitely we will focus on Gathiya in Maharashtra as well. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
That's it from my side. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa. Please go ahead. 
Amit Agicha: 
Good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question was with respect to the 
geographic distribution like the presentation says like some North Indian states and some South 
Indian and East Indian states are not yet covered. Like when does the Company plan to become 
pan India and are you planning to expand to exports to new markets? 
Naveen Gupta: 
Going northward is going to be a costlier affair for us. So, in short term, our focus is to regain 
our production facility in mid term to consolidate and regain our market share in core state and 
focus state. If we intend to go northwards or eastwards, it will be through either through M&A 
or through some sort of joint venture. In our salty snacks category, until and unless we have 
multiple plants at multiple locations, it's not wise to go beyond 700, 800 kilometers. 
Amit Agicha: 
So, sir, is the Company planning any mergers or acquisition? 

 
Gopal Snacks Limited Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Naveen Gupta: 
We were contemplating before this fire incident, we were contemplating a couple of small, small 
acquisitions. Those were not brands. In fact, those were small factories. But now we have 
stopped thinking as of now because priorities have changed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Dutte, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjay Dutte: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions. First question is, last month there was a news 
item that a dead rat was found in our Namkeen packet, I think in Banaskantha or somewhere in 
Gujarat. So, what is the status of that? 
Naveen Gupta: 
The case is shut. Actually that consumer and the retailer had some tiff. And you know the 
consumer in question was six months baby. So, it was all a fabricated story. 
Amit Agicha: 
Okay, because there was no update from the Company with the stock exchanges. Like there was 
no filing or anything. So, it was just a little confusion. 
Naveen Gupta: 
Yes, we probed the matter and the consumer had bought the product from the retailer. The 
consumer and the retailer had some personal animosity. So, they were fighting with each other. 
We unfortunately got into this. 
Amit Agicha: 
Okay. Second question is about the GST notice that you had received for Rs. 12 crore or 
something. What is the status? 
Yash Rajpara: 
So, Sanjayji, thank you. With reference to the GST notice, the Company is already in the writ 
petition at the Honorable High Court of Gujarat and the matter is pending at that forum. And it 
is an industry wide issue. 
Amit Agicha: 
Okay, so that means we are not accounted for it as so far in our accounts, right? It is a contingent 
liability right now. 
Naveen Gupta: 
Yes, very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Yash Rajpara: 
So, I would like to thank everyone for joining the call. I hope we have been able to respond to 
all your questions adequately. So, for any further information, we request you to please do get 
in touch with our Investor Relations team. Stay safe, stay healthy, and thank you once again for 
joining us. Thank you so much. 
 
