Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
Head Office: C-14 A & B, Sector 1, Noida – 201301 Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P. India 
Tel: +91-120-6752100, 6752278, Fax: +91-120-2521866, 2521966, Website: www.motherson.com 
 
February 21, 2025 
 
 
  BSE Limited 
  1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
  Rotunda Building  
  P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
  MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 Scrip Code: 517334
Symbol: MOTHERSON 
 
 
Ref.  :   Transcript of earning conference call      
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s) 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated February 14, 2025, informing about the audio recording of 
earnings conference call on the unaudited consolidated financial results and standalone financial 
results for the third quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the aforesaid earnings conference call.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.motherson.com  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
 
 
 
 
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  Regd Office: 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India)  
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L35106MH1986PLC284510 
Email: investorrelations@motherson.com  
ALOK 
GOEL
Digitally signed by 
ALOK GOEL 
Date: 2025.02.21 
12:45:22 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Samvardhana Motherson International Limited (SAMIL)  
Q3 FY25 Results Conference Call” 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal, 
Chairman 
 
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal, 
Director 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital, 
COO and Whole Time Director, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Kunal Malani, 
CFO, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Rajat Jain, 
COO, Vision Systems Business Division  

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 FY'25 Results Conference Call hosted by 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V. C. Sehgal. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Sehgal. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the Results Conference 
Call of SAMIL. I am pleased to announce that the Board has approved the results for the Quarter 
3 of Financial Year 2025.  
 
Some of the key highlights are our diversified and resilient business model continues to deliver 
steady performance in a challenging business environment. We are getting continued support 
from our customers in navigating through these short-to-medium-term challenges.  
 
I am pleased to announce that our leverage ratio has improved to 0.9. This will be the lowest 
level in the last 10 years, highlighting our robust balance sheet, which will support future growth 
opportunities.  
 
Our first plant for the consumer electronic business has operationalised during the quarter. We 
are expecting a sharp ramp-up during the ensuing quarters, which will further strengthen our 
non-automotive play. We continue to invest in opportunities that could support our future growth 
albeit with careful consideration.  
 
I would like to now hand over to Vaaman and the team to provide a walkthrough and business 
highlights and insights for the quarter. Over to you, Vaaman.  
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you, Papa. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. SAMIL reported robust quarterly 
revenues of Rs. 27,666 crores, reflecting an 8% year-on-year growth. EBITDA stood at Rs. 
2,776 crores, up 13%, and PAT reached Rs. 879 crores, marking a solid 20% increase on 
normalised level and 62% on reported basis.  
 
On the revenue side, the business continues to grow at a faster rate than the market. The auto 
industry de-grew by 1.2% on a year-over-year basis and excluding China, it de-grew by negative 
4.8%. Against this, SAMIL registered a 7.5% growth.  
 
On profitability, we have delivered a robust performance with 10% EBITDA margin driven by 
our focus on operational and cost control measures.  
 
SAMIL continues to demonstrate resilience and stability, underscoring the strength of our well-
diversified business model. This steady performance is particularly notable given the weak 
production environment.  

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
The industry remains in a transitional phase as global OEMs continue to navigate the shift to 
clean mobility and evolving consumer demand trends. This is further exacerbated with shifting 
geopolitical landscape and trade dynamics.  
 
The shift of production to EV and hybrid platforms continues at varying growth rates across 
different regions, which we have shown on slide 7. While premium OEMs are recalibrating their 
strategies to introduce new models across platforms and segments, the mass market 
manufacturers are expanding their offerings with a slew of new launches across multiple 
powertrains. I would like to iterate that SAMIL is a powertrain neutral company with more than 
95% of our product portfolio being engine agnostic.  
 
Just to give a sense on the broader business environment, interest rates stayed mostly steady. 
Commodities like copper experienced price volatility and energy price in Europe are on a 
worrying upward trend. There are indications of supply chain stabilisation and logistics cost 
decrease supported by port decongestion on key trade routes. This development should help us 
to release working capital by the end of the year. You can see more on this on Slide 5. 
 
We have had many inquiries about trade tariffs and rollbacks, and we would like to provide you 
with an update. While different countries are working through the trade agreements, the 
implications in the global auto industry are yet to be fully understood.  
 
Motherson has a globally local strategy with a manufacturing plant in close vicinity to our 
customers. All material flows like commodities are typically pass through and so they are 
customer nominated parts. Any change in tariff from these parts would have a pass-through 
effect. For the remaining procurement, we work actively to localise and hence the implications, 
if any, for Motherson will be very limited. Further, as tariffs is an industry-wide issue, these 
would ultimately be repriced by the customers.  
 
In the medium term, for a global player like us, we would be better placed to optimise our 
production in more favorable jurisdictions and thereby provide a faster and unique solution to 
the customers. However, it's early days and we continue to evaluate how the trade dynamic 
shapes up in the future and will work with our customers to find mutually beneficial solutions.  
 
Moving back to the results, during the quarter, we have operationalised two green fields, notably 
one in the consumer electronics that my father spoke about before and one in precision metals 
and modules. Further, an additional six are expected to come on stream in the ensuing couple of 
quarters. More on this in slide 14.  
 
Motherson has achieved a new milestone in the non-automotive play with the start-up production 
consumer electronics plant. While the first batch of delivery is entered in November, we have 
significantly ramped up serial production in January and this will start reflecting in the emerging 
business from next quarter onwards.  

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
The Elastomer Division has also made significant in-road overseas with the start of construction 
with first greenfield outside of India. This will serve as a near-shore production base to European 
OEMs and open doors for new opportunities in and around the region.  
 
We have further extended our collaboration with Honda-San with the acquisition of Atsumitec, 
a global metal and machining specialist having a footprint in 7 countries and a revenue of 
US$412 million and a healthy margin profile of about 8% basis FY2024 numbers. The 
interesting piece of this asset is that all core high value-add capabilities such as heat treatment, 
carburising, precision machining are all in-house available.  
 
With Atsumitec, we get access to manufacturing footprint in new countries like Vietnam and 
Indonesia, further increasing our exposure to emerging markets and related growth 
opportunities. Atsumitec's capabilities are complementary to our capability set. The country 
resides in India and Mexico, and hence we now have a global potential to pivot and serve more 
customers across industries as we start to unlock some of these synergies.  
 
On the balance sheet side, Effective net debt for the quarter is approximately Rs. 10,500 crores 
versus Rs 11,500 crores in September 2024. Basis this, the net leverage ratio is now under 1 at 
0.9x. You can see more on this on Slide 11.  
 
We continue on our deal leveraging trajectory with a much stronger balance sheet geared to go 
after large opportunities. During the quarter, we also fully utilised the QIP proceeds to pay down 
debt. The full impact of the interest cost reduction should be visible from Q4 onwards.  
 
To greet with the changing market dynamics, we have further recalibrated our Capex estimates 
for FY '25. We are now estimating to have a reduced spend of about 4,500 crores plus minus 5% 
versus the earlier guidance that we gave you of 5,000 crores plus minus 5%. The Capex spend 
for growth primarily in emerging markets remains intact on a full-year basis. You can see more 
on this on Slide 13.  
 
Finally, I would like to report that the consolidated ROCE based on the nine month FY '25 
numbers has improved to 18% from 17.3% as reported in the last quarter. As we move towards 
the end of the year, the teams are working relentlessly on core operations and working to delever 
some of the working capital by the year-end. This should further enable improvements in our 
ROCE.  
 
Thus, in a weak production environment, we have been able to deliver a steady and resilient 
performance. We are engaged with our customers for sharing some of the pressures related to 
changing business dynamics. While the environment is what it is, volatility also creates 
opportunities for Motherson to thrive. It gives us the opportunity to address issues in the supply 
chain and pain points of our customers and be a sustainable solution provider across our 
industries.  

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
The M&A pipeline is running hot with deals in various stages across automotive and non-
automotive businesses.  
 
With this, I conclude my remarks. And I have Pankaj Mital sir, Rajat Jain and Kunal Malani on 
the call, and we would be happy to take your questions that you may have. Thank you, and over 
to you, operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested 
to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. Participants, you may press star and 1 to ask a question. The first 
question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on good numbers, resilient numbers in a 
tough environment. My first question is on our emerging business. It would be great if you can 
give a breakup of revenue of the emerging business as we had given in Q1 presentation.  
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Kunal, you want to take that?  
Kunal Malani: 
Yes, Aditya, we give that in every yearly basis, so you will see that next quarter.  
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. And you know, Kunal, on the consumer business, how should we expect a ramp up over 
the next one to two years? Any broad numbers you can share with us?  
Kunal Malani: 
Broad numbers? As we have again said, it's a fairly confidential piece. But needless to say, I 
think the ramp up is extremely significant. It will be a Burj Khalifa kind of a ride out. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. That's good to know. And any update on the JV investment? So, our JV partner was 
supposed to infuse equity with 10% stake and scaling up to 49%. Any update on that, Kunal? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Kunal, I can take that. I think they have just received the approval for the equity investment and 
they are just in the final stages of getting their internal approvals for the same. And hopefully by 
next quarter, we would be able to give you more color on that. But it seems that they have got 
all the approvals to be able to go and make the equity investment.  
Aditya Jhawar: 
Perfect, perfect. My final question is on the wiring harness business. It's a pretty impressive 
margin expansion despite, you know, weaker revenue print. So, if you can help us understand 
that what drove this expansion and should we expect this margin as more of sustainable going 
ahead.  
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Pankaj, do you want to take this? 
Pankaj Mital: 
All right. Basically, we have been working through all the regions to optimise and to improve 
and the focus has been on human resources, as you know, Motherson does have its own resources 

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
and its capital, so we have been improving on that. Plus while markets have been choppy and 
markets have been down in some of the regions, we did get, we mentioned about two years ago 
that we have received additional orders which have started to kick in and therefore we could 
balance the portfolio and keep our facilities optimised.  
 
So, that's the main reason as to how we continue on this path. Really we can't predict how the 
markets continue to behave as we are quite well diversified in different markets. As you know, 
the commercial vehicle markets have been at a low number in Europe. We do believe that in the 
coming quarters, in the next coming year, they are inching upwards, hopefully. U.S. markets 
have been quite stable and China is still a little bit lower and still surviving on exports also from 
China.  
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. Sorry, just to summarise, I mean, you mentioned that there was a favorable product mix, 
as well as geographic mix, along with cost saving. Is that right, Pankaj?  
Pankaj Mital: 
Yes, basically, it's been, the teams have been working hard since everything went up literally 
after COVID and it's a human resource content business. We have been improving our facilities, 
improving our productivities and efficiencies. And we have also in-sourced multiple products, 
which also supports the customers. So, we do share the benefits with the customers also when 
we in-source and those benefits are there reflected within us as well.  
Aditya Jhawar: 
Perfect, perfect. That's it from my side. All the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Participants, you may press star and one to ask a question. Next question 
is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead.  
Kapil Singh: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations for a very resilient performance. My question is on emerging 
businesses. You know, we started this consumer electronics plant, but emerging business 
revenue has seen a bit of a dip in December quarter. Also, the margins are holding pretty steady. 
Usually when we start the new plants, sometimes there is an impact coming on account of that 
also. So, if you could help us understand seasonality of revenues and also if there should be some 
impact on margins for to start off with itself, we are making good margins in the Consumer 
Electronics division and by when do we expect to hit optimal performance in that division? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Kunal, will you take this please?  
Kunal Malani: 
Yes, sure. So, Kapil, I think on the emerging market side, you are right, there has been a slight 
decline on the revenue front when you look at it from a quarter-on-quarter basis. As you can see, 
most of our emerging markets on the automotive side, sorry, most of our emerging market 
businesses are in the Indian automotive side. And that piece of the puzzle has shown a decline 
in both commercial vehicles, particularly in commercial vehicles and businesses associated with 
it, like heavy equipment, machinery, etc. I think that part of the business has been on a decline 
in India and that's how that impact is visible.  

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Having said so, areas like aerospace continues to grow. Areas like our IT business continue to 
grow. And consumer electronics become the cherry on the top in some way. It's coming, 
however, for only a month in this three-year period. So, as we look forward, I think the ramp-up 
is going to be steep. So, you should be able to see that the emerging markets portfolio as a whole 
will continue to be showing the maximum growth among the portfolio set that we have.  
 
On top of it, Atsumitec is also going to get added to this portfolio. That's a sizable piece where 
our corresponding assets are again residing in India and Mexico. And then the idea is to synergise 
between India, Mexico, and the 9 facilities that Atsumitec has and thereby grow both not only 
automotive business, but their capability sets are equally good for the non-automotive part. And 
the aim will be to use that capability set and grow both the auto and non-automotive part. So, I 
can only say look out for the emerging market segment as we move to the ensuing quarters.  
Kapil Singh: 
Yes, no thanks for that answer. I also wanted some color on Consumer Electronics division. 
How much time does it take before it hits an optimal profitability profile for the first plant?  
Kunal Malani: 
It's been two months of production. I think where things stand, things look reasonably more 
stable than frankly what we anticipated. So, I think things are looking good. Much depends now 
on the customer also and how quickly he or she wants to ramp up production.  
 
We are ready our new facility. The second facility will also come up by quarter 2 of next year 
and then the larger one will come in in beginning of FY '27. So, putting all of it together, as I 
said, I think the ramp-up is going to be steep, obviously subject to customers' support coming 
around the way.  
Kapil Singh: 
Sure, sir. And one question I had on your interest cost, if you could give some color here. You 
know, it's been still a bit on the higher side. Are there any one-time elements here? And how do 
you think about on a normalised run rate at current level of debt?  
Kunal Malani: 
Yes, so I think when you look at debt, some of the pieces which are over and above the debt 
piece which resides in the interest cost is one is Forex losses. This time on account of the 
volatility seen in variety of different currencies, there is roundabout I think 35 or 40 crores of 
Forex losses that reside into the interest cost bucket.  
 
Secondly, you are aware that in September we had done cumulative convertible debentures. The 
accrual for that, while I don't think the company needs to ultimately pay for it, but from an 
accounting perspective, we are accruing that at 14% return, and that is adding another 30-odd 
crores into the interest cost bucket.  
 
The third element is some of the debt that we had to pay down using the QIP proceeds that only 
happened in November. So, you are seeing around about 1.5 months of impact on some of those 
reductions. And hence you will be able to see the full quarter impact in quarter 4. So, I anticipate 
quarter 4 numbers to trend downwards by somewhere between 50 to 75 crores from here on.  

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
The Forex piece is a little bit unknown. That is dependent now on how the currency plays out. 
But mind you, most of the Forex losses are also accounting entry because we do have 
corresponding hedges. So, there are MTMs and translation gains and losses which negate it. So, 
overall, our asset liability is relatively matched up. But then yes, from an accounting perspective, 
we do need to recognise mark-to-market pieces.  
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you, sir. I wish you all the best. I will come back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please go 
ahead.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Yes, hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just following up on the emerging businesses, could 
you also give some color on the aerospace piece? Because there was a pretty healthy order book 
that you all had flagged earlier on that and you also flagged in this presentation about becoming 
a Tier-1 supplier for the commercial aircraft. So, if you can give some color on the where the 
revenue for this business stack-up, how should we think about the growth on the aerospace side?  
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Vaaman? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, look, you know, we have two facilities that are coming up and that they should be coming 
up in the first quarter of July 26 sort of a timeline. So, I think, again, we have a large order book 
there. I think in the next quarter, we can also disclose more on the order book over there, but 
that's seen very good gains and definitely a lot of the expansion is coming up at the two facilities 
that are coming up specifically for the aerospace expansion. Like I said, we will be able to give 
you some more on the order book on the next quarter.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Sure. I am just trying to get the revenue, you know, sort of some color because I think this is 
pretty small piece if I look at F24, right? It was somewhere around I think 300, 350 crores. I am 
just trying to get some sense with the acquisition and this execution. How big can this be? Can 
this be like, you know, 3-4 times of where the FY24 revenues were?  
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
You mean, with the acquisition itself or with the growth? We have definitely very high targets 
for where we wanted to grow. Definitely at 10x is what we are targeting in the next few years. 
So, we want to do much better than that.  
 
But also you have to understand that a lot also depends on how the customers pull because in 
this business there are only two major customers. The rest are obviously also there, but there are 
two very large ones. And you know what's all is happening with some of these customers with 
the supply chain issues. But, we believe again in the long-term prospects these customers will 
ramp up and I think we will see more of that coming this year.  
 
That's why I was saying if you be patient, I think at the end of next quarter we will really be able 
to tell you how all of that is picking up. We are quite optimistic, and it seems like the worst is 
behind us. So, we should be ready for some high levels of growth in this business.  

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it.  
Kunal Malani: 
Sorry, if I just might add, Gunjan, you are talking only 350, which are only part of ADI 
Industries. ADI Industries itself is €120-130 million business. So, if you add that, I think on a 
clocking basis, the business should be able to see very significant growth as we release the 
numbers in quarter 4.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. The second question I had was on the Japan piece. Congratulations again. It looks 
like a pretty good acquisition. If you can share two things, one, when do we expect the payout 
and consolidation of this business on the timelines? And secondly, where would Japan, after this 
acquisition concludes, where would Japan stack up in terms of percentage contribution to our 
revenues? Because I think that's been a white space for us. If you can share how big Japan 
exposure will become with this acquisition.  
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Go ahead, Kunal.  
Kunal Malani: 
So, Gunjan, I think with Atsumitec and Yachiyo businesses, I think together, it's not only by 
Japan, mind you, these are all global businesses to begin with. From a capability-side 
perspective, we have tapped into Honda-San obviously in a fairly big way, and we are very 
happy with the support that we are receiving from them. Atsumitec itself should get closed in 
March is what we anticipate right now. So, while you won't see much of the revenues kicking in 
in quarter 4, but quarter 1 onwards, you should start seeing pretty much the full of Atsumitec 
coming in.  
 
I think the interesting piece is as some of these elements come together, there are multiple areas 
where we can leverage the Japanese presence, not only in cross-selling to other Japanese OEMs, 
but also supporting Honda-San and many of their other product lines across the globe.  
 
At the same time, each of these businesses carries a fair amount of R&D engineering capabilities. 
The objective would be to not only utilise that in Japan and their existing ones, but to take them 
global as well. And not only in their product portfolio, some of their capability sets can actually 
be used across the board. For example, there is a great amount of automation that is embedded 
in many of their facilities. Frankly, we can learn a lot from that and start building that out in 
some of our other facilities as well.  
 
That's been also the thought behind the joint venture that we created with Matsui, which is on 
industrial automation. And hence, the idea is to start leveraging the base of Japan, the 
engineering and manufacturing capabilities there, to not only do it for Japan and Japanese 
customers, but then to leverage this across the globe and then cross-sell to other customers, other 
product lines and so on.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. This is pretty useful. Just the last question from my side on the SAS, the integrated 
assembly segment. You know, the margin, of course, there is improved a lot, but you also talk 
about, you know, how you are able to find avenues for growth from other segments as well. If 

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
you can sort of talk about how that business is growing, is it more to do with the in-sourcing that 
we had spoken about when the acquisition was done or is it some other cross-selling 
opportunities that you are seeing? So, some color on that, please.  
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, Kunal, if you let me, I can take that. The idea with integrated assembly was to really push 
on to become a Tier-0.5. So, you know, and we are pivoting ourselves to be an engineering, 
manufacturing and assembly specialist.  
 
I think what we are also seeing is the customers are wanting more and more of the supply base 
to do the entire assembly of the car and the logistics operations. So, this fits in really well with 
that. I think, you know, we are targeting more and more businesses to move up the value chain, 
not just the cockpit business which we are doing. We want to do more and more modules, and I 
think we are getting good traction.  
 
So, still early days, but I think we are in the right direction. All the things that Kunal also spoke 
about with more focus on industry automation, our businesses that we are growing in the 
logistics side across close connect with the customers and their wish to really push more of the 
assembly businesses over to their suppliers, I think this fits in really well.  
 
So, again, this is an exciting area of growth. I think we are targeting to do a lot more than what 
it was originally doing and build capability there and hopefully there should be some good news 
of us being able to do that in the next upcoming quarters and winning businesses which will 
really be able to bring this division to its full color.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the announcement that you made for 
becoming a Tier-1 supplier for commercial aircrafts. Can you specify what components or parts 
you will be making for this?  
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Kunal. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
I think we have to come back. I don't think we are allowed to give you the exact components on 
that. But Amyn, as you know, we are focusing a lot on the structure side and being able to do 
more and more of those kind of parts. So, look, it's all part of the strategy once we entered this 
segment to increase the customer base and the ability of our products are being able to do.  
 
You're also seeing that two new facilities are coming up in the aerospace segment, which will 
again, together with the ADI Industries, increases our product portfolio with complete capability 
on the machining side. And that's something that we continue to grow with the customers and 
have success with that.  

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Amyn Pirani: 
So, no, that's actually this Tier-1 with this company is actually quite a big thing. So, yes, we will 
wait for more details on that when you can share. Secondly… 
Kunal Malani: 
Amyn, you will hear more about it in the next few days.  
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Look forward to it. Look forward to it. On the consumer electronics piece, just a 
clarification. So, you have already started ramping up one plant. I see in your presentation two 
more plants coming up next year. So, is this for the same product line and the same partner or 
are we something else, if you can just help us understand on that? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Kunal, maybe I can start and you can add on. Look, plant that we are setting up is a very large 
plant. It is in Chennai, so the first plant was always the prototyping plant where we were doing 
much smaller volumes and kind of showing that we are capable to do it and build the competence 
from there, so that when the last plant comes along and the large volumes have been able to 
execute out of that plant, we are able to do that at a size and scale, which is demonstrated already. 
So that is the idea, I think we have been fairly successful at doing it at the smaller set up. Smaller 
setup is still quite large for us, but compared to the new plant that we are setting up, it is very 
small. So everything is kind of relative. I think it is moving at an exceptional pace and I think 
the teams have done a wonderful job to be able to deal with this new technology and it is only 
going to be supplementary or growth in which we are already doing a smaller way in a much 
larger way than the big plant will set up next year. 
Amyn Pirani: 
In this last year, Atsumitec acquisitions, again seems to be a decently profitable business with 
good revenues. Historically, you have been almost exclusively powertrain agnostic. I think you 
started doing acquisitions when with this one, where you are getting into things which are related 
to more engine kind of components. So should we assume that going forward you are relatively 
more open to doing this, is there a slight change in thought process given there is so much 
uncertainties regarding ICE EV, how should we think about this? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
I think this particular point is your point of view. How you think about. I think the change is not 
going to be as dramatic as what people are feeling at that from one day to another, the change 
will happen. So I think the objective is basically to take over these high capability companies 
and then over a period of 5 years, 10 years, you are then actually using that as a base of 
engineering and technology and capabilities, and then coming out how you are going to solve, 
what our company's objectives are. So it is not for one day to another, if you are thinking it is 
bad, then of course, we would be in trouble, but we know for a fact that it will not be from one 
day to another. We have a period of 10 years, 15 years to use that particular technology and then 
A, give that competence or a geographical spread to new customers because at the movement 
we are only tied up to one customer and give it to the other customers and also in the process 
come up with the future technologies where we want to be, which would be in the emerging 
businesses and all that. So there is a lot the basis which we are taking this particular companies 
over for.  

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Kunal Malani: 
And if I might add, look our strategy remains exactly the same. This is a customer led piece.  Its  
not we decided to go to powertrain. The customer had requested much like every other asset that 
we look at. And it is the collaboration with them to find solution for them as well as to find 
solutions for ourselves in terms of our product lines and our capabilities getting an answer, the 
matching of the two that results finally in the acquisition. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Understood. Thank you. Thank you for this, I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Jinesh Gandhi from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Hi, sir. Couple of questions from my side, one is when you talk about consumer electronics 
CAPEX of Rs. 2,000 crores, it was for all the three phases put together, right? 
Kunal Malani: 
Yes, the Rs. 2,600 crores is for all the three phases put together. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And any sense on how much you have invested in first phase? 
Kunal Malani: 
It is happening over a period of time. I don't know the exact numbers. To be frank, we can come 
back to you. It is roundabout. I am taking a broad guess, it should be somewhere in the Rs. 700-
Rs. 800 crores level. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And second, with respect to you said the revenues from acquisitions third quarter FY24, 
any sense on what will be the EBITDA contribution from those acquisitions? 
Kunal Malani: 
I don't have that number with me right now. We don't have that number. We can get back to you 
separately. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Sure. I will take that offline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pankaj from Affluent Assets. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj: 
Thanks for taking my question. Am I audible? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Pankaj: 
Sir, as I understand the tariff I think which is being spoken about in the news these days is 
expected to impact the automobile industry, especially the European, Mexican and Canadian 
countries. So just wanted to understand what is our exposure to these countries and as you 
mentioned in your introductory message that most of the things will be passed on, the raw 
material and other things, so would these tariffs, if they go through from your side have any 
impact on our topline and bottom-line? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
I think the topline will increase, but there will be that lag period. So that could be 2 months that 
could be 3 months. But I don't think it is going to be a show stopper or something like that. But 

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
the topline will definitely go up because the tax rate gone up and carmakers are definitely going 
to increase the prices. 
Pankaj: 
Sure. And second thing, sir, regarding this consumer electronics, as I understand is this the same 
EMS space which you are talking about or is it something different from that? And secondly, if 
this is the same EMS space, whether it is low margin, high value or high margin low value 
segment? 
Kunal Malani: 
Very difficult to define, high value low value. It is all relative in nature. I don't know what 
reference you have. From our perspective, we are doing electronics manufacturing if that helps 
you, but I don't know how to define what is low value high value. 
Pankaj: 
So would the margins from this segment be same as our 9%-10% margin or would it be higher 
than that? 
Kunal Malani: 
We expect it to be margin accretive. 
Pankaj: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raghunandan N from Nuvama Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Raghunandan N: 
Congratulations, sir for strong results. Sir, firstly you highlighted about container prices which 
has come down by 15% between Q3 to Jan. This certainly indicates positive on working capital, 
but freight cost is generally 2% of our sales. Would this also be benefit be partly retained or fully 
passed on to the customer? 
Kunal Malani: 
No, this will have a portion that we will retain. There is some portion which is a pass through, 
there is some portion which is retained. But I think the bigger impact more than the cost front is 
actually on the working capital side because once you have an ability to predict when the material 
is going to reach the shores that is what gives you the comfort on keeping lower levels of 
inventory and having a lower, let us say, BOQ, etc. So that is where I think we anticipate a lot 
more liquidation of inventory as we move to quarter 4 and even beyond. 
Raghunandan N: 
Thanks for that. Sir, standalone business profitability is lower. Would this be partly because of 
front ending of certain costs for upcoming capacities, any one-off impact that you can highlight? 
Kunal Malani: 
Look, I think a couple of things happened on the standalone side. You are aware that Euro 
depreciated against INR and hence obviously export revenues got hit. On top of it, European 
markets have generally been underperforming and hence in general the volume trajectory has 
been lower. So the operating leverage didn't play out and then the commercial vehicle market, 
which is again housed in standalone as well was underperforming in India including the high 
equipment and the heavy equipment side and that had a dent again on the overall revenues and 
hence the lower operating leverage. 

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Raghunandan N: 
So we would not be doing any capacities building for increase in supplies to Motherson guidance 
because they have lot of capacity additions happening over the next three quarters? 
Kunal Malani: 
We are adding capacity on the Motherson, you are referring to the wiring portion of our business, 
I am assuming, or you referring to MSWIL? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Are you talking about the wiring harness or the wiring business? 
Raghunandan N: 
So at our standalone, would the capacity needs to be increased to supply to Motherson wiring 
business? 
Kunal Malani: 
Yes, new facilities are getting done for MSEW. There is one new facility that is coming up as 
well. 
Raghunandan N: 
Understood, sir. One clarification, on consumer electronics, you alluded to that there is an 
approval for the JV partner to take an equity stake. What would be the range of stakes, sir? 
Would it be 40%-49%, which was announced earlier? 
Kunal Malani: 
Contractually, it is 10%-49%, so we will wait to hear from the JV partner what they are 
comfortable with. 
Raghunandan N: 
Understood, sir. On the CAPEX guidance, which was reduced Rs. 500 crore and this reduction 
is in global businesses to which segment should it relate to? 
Kunal Malani: 
It is actually related to a variety of segments. Essentially, when you are seeing both either lower 
production levels as well as delays in SOP's. We are planning to recalibrate our CAPEX to meet 
those revised expectations of customers, so that is how the recalibration has been done. Some of 
it is getting postponed to a point when they will be starting the SOPs, some capacity additions 
have been delayed out till there is better clarity on how the volume trajectory is playing out. 
Raghunandan N: 
And the region wise, it would mainly be in Europe? 
Kunal Malani: 
To a large extent, I would say yes, and Americas as well to some extent. 
Raghunandan N: 
Thank you very much. I will get back to the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, you may press * and 1 to ask the question. Next question is from the 
line of Laxmi Narayana from Tunga Investments. Please go ahead. 
Laxmi Narayana: 
Thank you. if you just to take a look at your wiring harness business, what has been the India 
growth because I think last year around 36% of our wiring harness business comes from India. 
So just want to understand how that business, what is the composition of the business in the last 
9 months in India business and how it has actually grown? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Are you talking about MSWIL or? 

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Laxmi Narayana: 
I am talking about the revenue growth last 9 months in your writing harness business, what is 
the India part of the business growth? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Wiring harness business is only for India. That is MSWIL. Wiring harness business is also 
international, which is in SAMIL which one are you wanted to know about? 
Laxmi Narayana: 
There is a JV with this Kyungshin right? So that is part of this entity, correct? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
SAMIL, yes.  
Kunal Malani: 
I don't think we have exactly what the number of India is right now. We can come back to you. 
Laxmi Narayana: 
Got it. And there is any increased EBITDA margin in the wiring harness business, what is the 
margin band you like to operate this business at? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
We don't give guidance on margins, but we believe in ROCE. I think, so really can't guide you 
on that. 
Laxmi Narayana: 
On this particular wiring harness business, you also have anything which is made in India and 
exported outside and how much is that? 
Kunal Malani: 
So there are multiple products that do get exported. 
Pankaj Mital: 
We do export from India to some markets, but as you would have seen, the moment a market is 
maturing, we have been setting up the plants in most regions. So we used to export in ASEAN 
we now have a plant in Thailand, we manufacture there and support the ASEAN markets. We 
have plants in the Middle East from where we are supporting our various customers and we are 
also exporting from India. So the plants have been expanding and since earlier we had set up the 
plant in Mexico and then of course with acquisitions more and more plant got added in, so mostly 
we have been trying to be closer and being in the same region where the customers are or where 
we could do better logistics, but we keep many options for the customers as customers like us 
have the multitude of options to work with us. 
Laxmi Narayana: 
Got it. Now also in your annual report, you had mentioned that there is a movement towards 
high voltage wiring harness especially in the EV. Just want to understand how that has actually 
picked up in the last 9 months sale, either in terms of sales or in terms of order book. Is it when 
you are getting a mix of high voltage wiring harness as well as regular one? Can you just throw 
some light on that? 
Pankaj Mital: 
As Mr. Sehgal earlier mentioned that for India market there is another company called MSWIL 
which supports the customers in India both on the high voltage as well as low voltage harnesses 
both for EV cars or ICE cars, hybrid cars, all kinds of cars. As far as SAMIL’s business is 
concerned, we also support our customers globally in whichever kind of vehicles they are 
making, so all the commercial vehicles which are coming up at the electric vehicles, we are 
supporting our customers both on the voltage as well as high voltage side in different regions. 

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
As you would know the penetration of the electric trucks has been not so much at the moment. 
But we do support them, so we are working together with them, and we supply to them also 
other products which we are making and as they embark on the journey in the future with 
different power trains also, different configurations we are all working together with them to 
support them. And you did ask about our other joint venture, which is with Kyungshin. It also 
supports its customers, which is Hyundai and Kia. Both are the low voltages and high voltage 
side. 
Laxmi Narayana: 
And what is the revenue that entity makes that Kyungshin joint venture? That is included as part 
of this revenue, which you actually put in your presentation, right? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Sorry, did you say potential joint venture? 
Laxmi Narayana: 
No, the current joint venture with Kyungshin which you have for Hyundai that is part of the….? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
It is 20 years old, by the way what do you want to do? You want to know the numbers of that? 
Laxmi Narayana: 
My question is that is part of the wiring harness business, which you report in this entity that 
includes the revenues from that joint venture also, correct? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
That is true. 
Laxmi Narayana: 
And what is that revenue? 
Kunal Malani: 
We will talk about this on an annual basis. So you will hear about this as we release our annual 
results. 
Laxmi Narayana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Participants, you may press * and 1 to ask a question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, you may press * and 1 to ask a question. Next question is from the line of Kapil 
Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity again. Just one question I had on the Vision Systems business. 
We mentioned some effect of unfavorable platform and geographic mix. Could you elaborate a 
bit on this? And are you seeing we are at the peak of this effect, or this could increase a bit in 
2025? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Rajat, you are there on the line? 
Rajat Jain: 
Yes, I am one the line. So yes, look, I think we all know that the industry is going through a bit 
of flux on the new platforms and new model introductions. I think customers are trying to figure 
out what is the right time to make new launches. So you would see different OEMs having 
different plans on how they want to have this new model introduction strategy. So we are seeing 
a bit of delay somewhere and some margins are, maybe not at the volumes that were expected, 

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
but this should settle down. We do also see somewhere where the ramp ups are started and we 
also expect that in a few quarters the ramp up should get stronger in some customers and some 
geographies. So it is an evolving developing situation, I think we have to go through this. We 
are working very closely with our customers to support in these changes and we are going 
through this with them together for the next few quarters and then it will start to look much 
better. 
Kapil Singh: 
And can you talk a little bit about increased traction in China as well in this division? What did 
you see happening over there? 
Rajat Jain: 
Yes, we have good presence in China with most of the OEMs and there are some OEMs who 
are doing by themselves, but then there are other OEMs who are open to get into new 
technologies and buy high quality and high technology components. We are engaged with those 
sets of customers and they are also doing very well. So we are having good growth with those 
customers with the volumes growing in China. So yes, to some extent we do see the slowdown 
that we are facing in ramp ups and new model induction in Europe and US is offset partially 
with the higher volumes within China. So that is obviously with our diverse portfolio helping us 
to keep very similar levels in the current quarters and going forward. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thanks, sir. And when you say adverse geographic mix, you basically what I am trying to 
understand is it that China mix will be a little bit adverse on profitability compared to the Europe 
and US markets? 
Rajat Jain: 
Each OEM would be different, it would be very hard to say, so as you can imagine every model, 
every platform comes with different margin, different challenges and we keep improving with 
all of those platforms as we go along. So we work with the customers, we work internally. So 
yes, it is always a mix and yes, as we are going through this very volatile situation, you do see 
some impact and it can be favorable, it can be unfavorable and we keep changing, but on the 
whole, we look very strong in terms of order book and also the new months that are coming up. 
So as I said in the next few quarters, it should all start to settle and start to look better. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thanks a lot. Look forward to that. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pankaj from Affluent Assets. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj: 
Thanks for giving me an opportunity again. Sir, just wanted to understand the impact of this 
Russia-Ukraine war on our business, to ask you whether the war has impacted our business 
because there is chatter, there is noise that now things will be settled on and this work would be 
put to an end. So going forward, will this development help our business? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Vaaman, Kunal, can you take that? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, from our side, we didn't have any facilities in the Ukraine or any of the affected areas. So 
from our side, we were relatively insulated. The customers are fairly moved those production 
from affected units to other European locations, so actually, we have not really seen too much 

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
impact on our business. Kunal, you can correct me if I am missing something, but from my side 
not really much of an impact. 
Pankaj: 
My question was after the start of this war, the economy of Europe went to doldrums. Did it 
have any impact on our business and if it revives, what would be the developments for us? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, I think two things, one, we have a very diversified business model. So not anyone country 
is able to really affect Motherson’s business. Thanks to the diversification that we have been 
able to pull off with the businesses. You have seen that we have also made a pivot towards other 
growth areas in different industries and also sometimes when the periods of turmoil are there, 
we have the opportunities of growth. So back in 2020, we were probably one-third smaller than 
where we are today. So all these throw up opportunities for us to grow, so we don't really believe 
that it is all bad scenario. There have been real opportunities for Motherson to grow and get 
closer to the customer and look at new business opportunities in the periods of volatility and 
uncertainty. 
Kunal Malani: 
And if I might add, we do have and we did have facilities in Russia which obviously cannot 
produce if the sanctions etc., taken out. It enables us to get back into that market. As one, two, 
as an immediate hit, obviously the whole energy crisis in Europe was a function of the Ukraine-
Russia issue. Presumably if that gets resolved, at least some of the cost pressures on the energy 
may ease out as we move forward and these are at least two immediate impacts that may be 
positive for us as it moves. Besides as Vaaman was saying with turmoil there is always 
opportunities. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
And also I think Europe is not in doldrum, they are in a bit of trouble, that is for sure, but Europe 
is still very strong and everything, it is in the slight weak side that is alright, it is part of life. 
Pankaj: 
And, sir, if you can help me with any guidance for FY26, topline? Growth guidance? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
I think I just give you one clear indication that we have a clear target till the end of this financial 
year that is March ‘25 the new this thing will come in the new five year plan that we will have 
and that is what we can tell you about 26, but yes, growth all over, we are sure this is going to 
be growing. 
Pankaj: 
Thank you, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. Next 
question is from the line of Rishi Vora from Kodak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Vora: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just one clarification on the results, in our consolidated numbers, 
other operating revenue has seen a sharp jump, can you just give us some color on what has 
resulted in such a sharp jump? 
Kunal Malani: 
So part of it is the income obviously coming on account of the parking of funds that we had done 
before paying off debt. So 1.5 months, those funds were invested in variety of different 

 
 
  Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
instruments. Some of that interest income is residing in there. That is one chunk of it. I think that 
would be the largest chunk of what those would be. 
Rishi Vora: 
It is a part of other operating revenues, is it? 
Kunal Malani: 
Sorry. You are talking about other operating revenue. Other operating revenue will have a cost 
of different things in it. There will be places like scrap sales that may have happened, to have 
caused it. There will be a whole host of different things residing in there. 
Rishi Vora: 
Because sequentially, there was a jump of Rs. 250 crores, so just wanted to understand, is that 
something that you could highlight? 
Moderator: 
Rishi, should you have any follow up? 
Rishi Vora: 
No, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, I now hand the conference over to Mr. V. C. 
Sehgal for closing comments. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you very much. I am sorry. I have to catch a flight, so I have to get onto the telephone 
call. But I think the Board was very pleased that in such circumstances, the company has come 
up with the expectations much to the good surprise of the Board. And I think all the teams have 
done a phenomenal job in this particular endeavor. And we are hopeful that the opportunities are 
there, so just watch the space is that I can say the future is really bright. Thank you and wish you 
all a good weekend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
 
 
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing 
translated version of voice file for grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or 
discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at website of the company, viz., www.motherson.com . This 
discussion contains based on the currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are 
expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and can may include forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which 
may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ 
materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or 
omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document should each make their 
own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such 
other investigations as they deem necessary.   
 
