 
 
February 11, 2025 
To, 
 
  BSE Limited 
                                                                National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
            The Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543413 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: TEGA 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter and nine months ended December 
31, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call of Tega Industries Limited held on February 06, 2025 at 6:15 PM IST for the Quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2024. The same can also be accessed on the Company’s website 
at https://www.tegaindustries.com/investor#stock-exchange. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Manjuree Rai 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosed: As stated above 
 
 
 
 
 
MANJU
REE RAI
Digitally signed 
by MANJUREE 
RAI 
Date: 2025.02.11 
12:13:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
 
“Tega Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MEHUL MOHANKA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TEGA 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. PRATIK BASU ROY – PRESIDENT, PRODUCT 
MANAGEMENT, GLOBAL SALES AND MARKETING – 
TEGA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SHARAD KUMAR KHAITAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TEGA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HITESH AGARWAL – ORIENT CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Tega Industries Limited Q3 and 9 Months FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Orient Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hitesh Agarwal from Orient Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Agarwal. 
Hitesh Agarwal: 
Thank you, Manav. Good evening, and welcome to Q3 and 9 months FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Tega Industries Limited. Today, on this call, we have with us Mr. Mehul 
Mohanka, who is the Managing Director and Group CEO; Mr. Pratik Roy, Product 
Management/Global Sales and Marketing; and Mr. Sharad Kumar Khaitan, who is the CFO. 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to give a small disclaimer that this call may contain 
certain forward-looking statements, which are based on beliefs, opinion and expectation of the 
company as of date. A detailed statement has also been given on the company's Investment 
Presentation, which has been uploaded on the stock exchange. I hope everybody had a chance 
to go through the results. 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Mehul Mohanka, sir, for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Mehul Mohanka: 
Thank you. Good evening, and a warm welcome to all the participants on the call. I'm joined 
this evening by Mr. Pratik Basu Roy, who's our President, Product Group and Sales; and Mr. 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan, our CFO. 
The total revenues of the group for the 9 months ended 31st December '24 stood at INR1,139 
crores with an EBITDA of INR230 crores. That is an EBITDA margin of 20%. The group 
revenues has been higher by INR135 crores or 13% in comparison to the same period last year, 
that is 9 months ended 31st December 2023. The group revenues for the Quarter 3 of FY '24-'25 
was higher by 21% over the same quarter last year with EBITDA margins of 25%. 
We have an order book of INR1,258 crores as 31st December '24, out of which executable orders 
within 1 year stands at INR758 crores. A significant portion of our products, as you know, are 
customized for the gold and copper mines, and we believe robust demands for both the metals 
continue to prevail. 
Gold prices buoyed in part by strong central bank demand is likely to remain elevated right 
through 2025. Sustained elevated price expectations, which is attributed to gold has broken price 
records in 2024 due to strong demand, both official demand from several emerging markets and 
developing economy central banks and private demand boosted by declining U.S. interest rates 
and heightened geopolitical tensions. 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
The global mine demand of gold appears to be robust and coupled with declining grades would 
lead to increased consumption of Tega's offerings. Copper has multiple sources of increasing 
demand fuelled by traditional economic growth, energy transition and the digital space. 
The demand for copper is broad-based and shows strong growth as the long-term trends remain 
compelling. Grade decline has been a consistent long-term trend, and it would lead to increased 
consumption of critical consumables supplied by us. 
A stream of disruptions has created a persistent state of uncertainty and instability in global 
supply chains and supply chain risk management is still a challenge for the industry at large, 
amid increasing geopolitical challenges, inflationary pressures, ongoing supply chain 
disruptions and weather-related disasters. 
Global supply chains are more vulnerable to global shocks affecting multiple sectors at once. 
Through our operational excellence, we have managed the challenges and are well-positioned 
to continue strong momentum into the future while maintaining tight cost control, and we have 
a clear pathway for growth. 
I would like to express our sincere gratitude to all our investors for their unwavering faith in our 
Company. Thank you for your continued support. And now I would like to hand over to Sharad 
to take you through the financial performance of the company for the period under review. 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Thank you, Mehul. A very warm welcome to everyone and thank you once again for joining the 
earnings call for Q3 of FY '25 and YTD December '24 performance and results. 
The total group revenues for the 9 months ended December '24 stood at INR1,139 crores with 
an EBITDA of INR230 crores, that is an EBITDA margin of 20%. For the similar period last 
year, that is the 9 months ending December '23, the total group revenues was at INR1,004 crores 
with an EBITDA of INR198 crores, again with an EBITDA margin of 20%. On a year-on-year 
basis, the total revenues has increased by approximately 13%. 
The revenue from operations of the consumable business for the 9 months ended December '24 
stood at INR970 crores vis-a-vis INR841 crores during the same period last year. That is an 
increase of INR128 crores or roughly 15%. The revenue from operations of the equipment 
business for the 9 months ended December '24 is INR136 crores as against INR147 crores during 
the same period last year, which has moderated by approximately INR10 crores or 8%. 
The decline in the equipment business is mainly account non-receipt of pro forma invoices, 
advance payment from customers, delay at customer sites and certain delays in receipt of 
manufacturing clearances from customers. The revenue from operations of the equipment 
business is approximately 12% of the group revenue from operations. 
We are in discussions with our customers of the Equipment business segment to ensure that the 
goods are lifted and all approvals are released on time. The blended gross margins of the group 
for the 9 months ended December '24 is 57% vis-a-vis 58% during the same period last year. In 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
our business, generally, H2 is always better than H1 in terms of our performance, both in revenue 
and profitability margins. 
You may have observed that in every financial year, the subsequent quarter is generally better 
than the preceding one. However, there are quarter-on-quarter challenges like the supply chain 
issues, pending clearances or approvals from customers, mix impact, which again impacts the 
quarterly performance. 
The revenue operations from the Consumable business for the quarter ended December '24 stood 
at INR356 crores vis-a-vis INR286 crores during the same period last year. That is an increase 
of approximately INR70 crores or 24%. The revenue from Equipment business for the quarter 
ended December '24 is INR55 crores as against INR56 crores during the same period and has 
moderated by about INR1 crores. 
Similarly, if we compare the quarter ended December '24 vis-a-vis the immediately preceding 
quarter, that is the quarter ending September '24, then we observe that the revenue from 
operations of the Consumable business is at INR356 crores vis-a-vis INR309 crores during the 
immediately preceding quarter, which reflects an increase of INR46 crores or roughly 15%. 
The revenue from operations of the Equipment business for the quarter ended December '24 is 
INR55 crores as against INR46 crores during the September '24 quarter, which has an increase 
of about 20% over the last quarter. 
The order book for both the business segments, that is the Consumable business and the 
Equipment business remains strong. As informed earlier, we have an order book of INR1,258 
crores as of 31st December '24, out of which the executable orders within 1 year is INR758 
crores. 
We would also like to inform you that there is a slight delay in the Chile project by about 6 to 8 
months due to delay in instituting various requirements as per the approvals received. However, 
we would like to assure you that no sales would be impacted by such delay as we have put up 
alternate plants at Chile, which will address any capacity limitations due to growth in revenue. 
Thank you very much for your time, and the forum is now open to any questions that you may 
have. Over to you, Hitesh. 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Mayank Bhandari from Asian Market Securities. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Sir, congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is on -- as you highlighted 
that Chile capex is bit postponed. So what would be your capex number till 9 months? And how 
your capex -- how will you guide for the capex for next 2 years? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
You see we had earlier estimated the commercialization of the project by Q2 of FY '26, which 
is delayed by about 6 to 8 months, and we expect that the same shall be completed in the later 
part of FY '26. As far as the capex budgets are concerned, we are having those capex budgets 
intact, and it's just about a timing difference between these two periods actually. 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
And as I informed you earlier that this delay will not impact my revenue growth because we 
have put up alternate plant. In fact, we are also putting up an additional press in my Chile plant, 
which will take care of any capacity limitations for this temporary period of about 6 to 8 months. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
And the plant remains the same, like DynaPrime, you will be expanding? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Yes, yes. There is no change in my overall plan, Mayank. It's just about shifting of the project 
by some 6-odd months. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
And secondly, sir, we have seen very good growth in this quarter. Even sequentially, we have 
seen improvement. So the container availability issue and export-related challenges, shall we 
assume that we are now behind that? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
See, from a logistics point of view, increased freight costs, shortage of containers, congestion at 
ports and dependence on major shipping hubs still pose a serious challenge to the overall industry 
and is impacting the efficiency and reliability of supply chains for businesses. However, we have 
been able to overcome some of these in Q3. 
 
The COVID crisis has also left us with experiences how to manage such logistics challenges 
proactively. And we are more vigilant and with a better planning and coordination with our 
customers with whom we are in constant communication, we expect to navigate this crisis, but 
the challenge still remains. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
And so what guidance you will give for FY '25 growth -- top line growth after the Q3? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
See, we have been -- if you see our results, we have been growing at about 15% CAGR for the 
past 4-5 years. And we have a clear pathway for growth and are well-positioned to continue the 
strong momentum in the future. As I mentioned, the track record is there, and we would like to 
focus on the growth trajectory and our performance and work towards enhancing the shareholder 
value. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Deepak: 
Yes. Sir, just Mehul also mentioned this in the opening remarks. Just wanted to understand as a 
general trend as the ore grades keep going down and the hardness keeps moving up, meaning 
more processing of ore to get the same amount of output, implying higher consumable use and 
maintenance work as well. Assuming a stable or higher metal consumption, should this trend 
lead to higher service and operation and maintenance income for us? I mean that should be 
margin accretive for us, right? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Yes. Obviously, Deepak, with every ore grade decline, the consumption goes up actually. And 
it's good for us when we are supplying our solutions and consumables. So whether it's gold or 
copper, with every passing phase, the ores are declining. And it means that to have the same 
output, you have to process a much higher ore quantity actually. 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
 
So with higher ore quantity consumption, definitely, the consumables and the solutions which 
we give definitely increases by each ore grade actually. So you are right in your assumption that 
with ore grade decline, our consumption will definitely increase. 
Deepak: 
And particularly, the service income, which is the OEM part should also then be a higher 
proportion of our income going forward, right, because our installed base is also now at a higher 
base? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Definitely, if the ore grades are declining, whether it's consumption or service, both have a 
growth trajectory and higher uses actually. So whether it's service income or a maintenance 
income or supply of critical consumables, all the three verticals have potential to grow even if 
the same quantity of output is being generated. 
Deepak: 
And my second question is, can you just highlight how does the maintenance schedule or 
shutdown schedule stack up for our mining clients across regions, let's say, which month do they 
usually take maintenance shutdowns in regions like Chile, Ghana, Russia, Europe, wherever we 
have our mining plants? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
So this is Pratik here. So each mill has got its own cycle schedule, which will depend on the size 
of the mill, the quality of the ore, the kind of solution that we have provided, whether it's hybrid, 
whether it's steel, whether it's rubber. So depending on it. So it's more or less evenly spread. So 
there's no one season of change. 
Deepak: 
But sir, it would differ from region to region, right, like Chile, Ghana, Russia? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
Differ from mine to mine and plant to plant. So even within the same mine, you can have 
different schedules. 
Deepak: 
And on McNally front, Tega McNally front, so last year, we won the NMDC order. So I just 
wanted to understand what other pipelines of projects are we bidding for? I mean can we win 
two or three such orders in FY '26? And let's say, will it be jointly with EPC contractor or direct 
with the company? I'm just asking to see where are we witnessing more visibility on the Tega 
McNally front? 
Mehul Mohanka: 
Yes. So this is Mehul. We continue to participate in different bids and tenders that are published 
on a routine basis. I think it's very difficult to really predict what will come through and what 
will not. But we are seeing significant number of tenders and inquiries and bids coming out in 
the market, government and nongovernment projects. And we continue to remain very optimistic 
and bullish on the growth prospects for the business over the next financial year. 
Deepak: 
And one just bookkeeping question. So post our expansion of the press capacity in both Chile 
and Dahej, whenever it happens 1 year down the line, what would be your press capacity and 
what it is currently? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
See, currently, from Chile, if you see, we have been doing about INR300 crores to INR350 
crores of revenue with the Concon project in full because once the entire capex is there, we 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
expect it to be about anything in the range of INR900 to INR1,000 crores. Similarly, for Dahej 
also, we are doing the debottlenecking to have the capacity augmentation to be ready for future, 
and we can immediately increase the press and double the entire revenues what we have from 
Dahej as of now. 
Deepak: 
Okay. So then sir, our total capacity will go above, let's say, 30,000 metric ton press capacity or 
how is it? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Deepak, in our business, we are not being able to give a capacity in metric tons. So it's revenue 
what we have been discussing, and we see how much revenue we generate from that particular 
facility because capacity is fungible for me actually. So it's difficult to give you a per ton or 
some number like that. 
Deepak: 
Got it, sir. If I may squeeze one more question, if you allow. 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak: 
And sir, just on this equipment front, this is the third quarter where we have seen some slowdown 
in revenue booking. So just wanted to know, I mean what kind of revenue guidance are we 
giving on the equipment business for FY '25? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
You see, like I mentioned earlier, we are -- the decline what you are seeing is a very marginal 
decline. The percentage looks big, but the decline is not much. And the order book is intact, and 
we expect that all the orders should flow in. 
 
And as mentioned earlier, we stand by our growth trajectory, what we have done in the past as 
well, and we are holding on to the 15% revenue guidance, which we gave earlier for equipment 
business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Muchhala from Centrum Broking. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Congrats for the good set of numbers. Sir, first question is actually on our order book. So this 
Q3 order book of INR1,258 crores, sir, is it inclusive of the NMDC equipment order or this is 
only consumable order book? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
The INR1,258 crores is the group order book, and it includes all the orders what we have in 
hand, and we have specifically mentioned what is executable in 1 year; that is INR758 crores. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. So basically, in Q2 quarter in that PPT of Q2, we had mentioned INR545 crores. So how 
should we look at it the INR545 crores has gone up to INR1,258 crores. There has been a very 
strong order inflow in Q3, or in Q2 we had not included NMDC and now we have included 
NMDC? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Earlier, we always used to give a very conservative number, excluding all the projects, etc. Then 
from the investor fraternity, like last year, we got this request that if we give the total order book, 
it's easy for the industry as a whole to figure out where we are. So we have started giving the 
total order book what we have and the executable orders within 1 year. 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
So basically, the difference between Q3 and Q2 is not just the new inflow in Q3, but it is also 
some of the long duration orders which we were not including earlier, which we have now 
included? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Yes. So we have an order inflow as well, which is strong. And then we have also started reporting 
the entire number so that it is as per the requirement, which came in last quarter. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
And on the NMDC order, so has execution for that order started for the equipment? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Yes, we have started the execution. And we will ensure all the supplies are done as per the 
timeline, milestone schedules agreed with the NMDC. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
So sir, when it is likely to get completed that INR120 crores order. So should that -- I mean, 
remaining part of the order will be booked in FY '26? Or will some execution will also go to FY 
'27? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Some portion will be booked in FY '26 and a small portion may also spill over to FY '27. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
It's 20 plus month contract. So it takes time for execution of the same. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. Yes. Sir, one question I had on this -- post this change in government in U.S., there is this 
renewed uncertainty regarding tariffs. So since North America is one of the large markets for us, 
so how do we see that either impacting us favorably or unfavorably in terms of both our Chile 
plant and our other global plants? Will tariff -- are we neutral to it? Is it favorable to us since we 
have a plant in Latin America? Your thoughts on this? 
Mehul Mohanka: 
So our exposure to the U.S. is not very significant at this given time in the overall percentage of 
our revenue mix. But as you said, that depending on how the U.S. government reacts to tariffs 
across different jurisdictions, we are unable to assess the impact of that at this current time. 
 
But the options available to our company is the fact that because we manufacture in multiple 
different jurisdictions, we have the ability to supply the U.S. market from any of the countries 
that we have a manufacturing facility in. 
So what I'm trying to say is that if there is a tariff imposed on A, particular country, we have the 
flexibility and the ability to supply products from other countries where we have manufacturing 
as well to navigate those tariffs. But it is what it is, and I'm sure we will factor that in. But like I 
said, the U.S. market for us is not very significant in terms of impact on our revenue as far as 
tariff is concerned. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. Yes. And sir, last question on the growth outlook for the consumables segment for next 
year. So depending on DynaPrime's further scale up and the demand for gold and copper, as you 
mentioned, is it possible to qualitatively speak about in FY '26, I mean, what kind of growth 
should one expect? Should one expect further possibility of large-sized orders coming in, etc? 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
We are doing a thorough evaluation, and we are in the process of forming up our budget for the 
next year. So maybe in the Q4 guidance, I'll be able to give you the right numbers of how FY 
'26 will be there. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
And lastly, on this Europe order. So sir, in Q3, execution continues to be at the same quarterly 
run rate. Any update on that? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Yes, it's on the same quarterly run rate. So it's been about a year now, we have been able to -- 
we are servicing this particular customer of ours. And the results have been very encouraging 
for us. The customer is also very happy and satisfied with our performance. We have been able 
to do value addition at his site as well and we intend to take it forward in the next year as well. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Samyak Jain from Marcellus Investment Managers. 
Samyak Jain: 
So on the equipment side, so we have seen that this is the third quarter where there is some delay 
in getting approvals. So when there is such delay in lifting of material or any approval, what 
protection does Tega has in terms of, let's say, profitability and cash flow? Because we are 
incurring -- we are holding the inventory for the customer. So is there any additional 
compensation built into it when there is some delay? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
It depends on the orders what we have and the relations with each and every customer. So there 
are instances where in case of delay, we build that some sort of LD to the customer, and we have 
that additional revenue as well. But it's on a case-to-case basis, what we examine. There are 
instances also we have advances and those advances takes care of my cost, etc. 
 
It's that the profitability part, final realizations take some time to come. So it's a mix of having 
an increased advance as well as certain cases where we do customers compensate us for the 
delay, and that is how we manage our overall business. 
Samyak Jain: 
And I believe everything would be predefined before entering into the order or contract? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Yes, yes. All the terms and conditions are predefined before we enter the contract. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Desai from ABC Capital. 
Harsh Desai: 
I would have three, four questions. So first would be mill liners, mill liners account for 75% of 
your total sales. So what strategies do you have in place to grow the non-mill liner segment and 
diversify your revenue streams? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
You see, mill liners are an important part, and so is my other products or solutions than non-mill 
liners. And we do showcase all our products and solutions to our customers, and we definitely 
want to grow the other segments also with my mill liners. 
Harsh Desai: 
Okay. Another question would be what makes DynaPrime a key driver for growth? And how 
does its pricing compare with steel liners in terms of customer acceptance? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Can you just repeat your question, Harsh? 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Harsh Desai: 
Yes, sure. What makes DynaPrime a key driver for growth? And how does its pricing compare 
with steel liners in terms of customer acceptance? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
This is Pratik here again. So DynaPrime is a unique product that has  unique features, especially 
for the large SAG mills and the large ball mills. So these are the mills that the impact of 
processing the ore is the highest. And hence, our unique structure, which is now under patenting, 
gives us that edge on that. So competition will try to develop, but they still haven't been able to 
replicate our success in those mills. 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
And as far as the pricing is concerned, Harsh, we sell our DynaPrime liners at a premium over 
the steel liners. 
Harsh Desai: 
Okay. I just wanted to also understand how does Tega McNally set its equipment apart in the 
highly competitive OEM market? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
It is about the quality and the assurance which we give to our customers. It's about the assurance 
about the quality of the product, design and solutions, what we give. And that is how McNally 
is able to sell the products to its customers actually. And currently, we are focused on the 
domestic market. 
 
Once we establish ourselves and set up all the processes -- as you are aware, we took this 
company about 2 years back. So we have done a lot of changes in design, about the products, all 
of that in people, resourcing. And once we are completely through with our changes and the 
expected outcomes, what we intend to do, we will go globally. Again, the basis is our 
commitment and the quality parameters what we have. 
Harshal Desai: 
Just if I could just squeeze in one more question. Could you just shed some light on the sensor-
based systems that you are developing and how they are benefiting your customers' operations? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
I'm Pratik here again. So the sensors actually monitor the health and the efficiency of our liners. 
This is something that is under trials in multiple locations across the world. So the data that they 
can get in real time, we do not have to -- earlier what used to happen is you can get the health or 
how much wear has taken place only after during the shutdowns when the mill has stopped 
operations. Now we can do that while the mill is still in operations. So it gives them real-time 
data. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I missed the part of reasons for delay in Chile 
project. Like what are some of the reasons for the delay? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
No, I already mentioned that we have got the approval. It's about instituting some of these 
approvals that is causing that delay. And it's only about 6 months, the whole thing is there. We 
have started that construction. We have been able to do the boundary wall, but we intend to take 
some more time. And we expect the entire factory to start and do the commercial production in 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
FY '26 itself. Like I also mentioned in my earlier questions is we have set up alternate plant, 
which should not impact my revenues or growth trajectory, what we have planned for. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sir, if you can throw more like what are the execution delays? I didn't get it. Like is it the 
machinery part or something like what exactly. 
Mehul Mohanka: 
Yes. So it has to do with some regulatory approvals. So while we've got all of them in place, 
there needs to be some verification to be done at site. And that's taking some time in terms of 
the inspections that need to be carried out by the local authorities, and we are expecting to 
overcome that shortly by the time -- and by that time, we would go into full-scale construction. 
Akhil Parekh: 
And what would be the cost overruns because of the delay because it's almost 2 quarters of delay. 
Do you anticipate any cost overrun because of it? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
We don't expect any significant cost overrun at this juncture. 
Akhil Parekh: 
And lastly, sir, on the sales growth guidance, I mean you did highlight and we have seen past 
execution that we have compounded at 15%. But would you like to give some guidance for, say, 
next 2 years, like are you comfortable attaining the 15% of sales CAGR? 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
See, as I told earlier, we are firming our budgets for FY '26. And once that is firmed up in the 
Q4 earnings call, I'll give you the guidance for the future years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today. And I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sharad Kumar Khaitan: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and we will keep you posted of any subsequent 
developments. Happy to interact and take any subsequent questions you have. You can reach us 
with our investor department, and we'll be happy to answer if any questions are there. Thank 
you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tega Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Hitesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. 
