 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Ltd 
Registered Office: C/o Avanta Business Centre, First Floor, Unit No. 1.14(a), D2, Southern Park, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi–110017, India  
Corporate Office: 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh–201301 , India  
Tel: +91-011-3044 6511 | Tel: +91-120-4648 100 | Fax No.: +91-120-4648 115 
CIN: L74999DL2007PLC277039  | Website: www.iexindia.com 
 
 
Dated: January 30, 2025 
 
The Manager  
 
 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1 
Dalal Street  
 
 
 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex   
Mumbai- 400001 
 
 
 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip Code: 540750   
 
 
Symbol: IEX 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call with analysts and investors held on January 24, 2025. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the earnings conference call held 
with analysts and investors on January 24, 2025 to discuss the financial results of the 
Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company: 
www.iexindia.com 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Vineet Harlalka  
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. ACS-16264 
 
 
Encl: as above 
VINEET 
HARLALKA
Digitally signed by 
VINEET HARLALKA 
Date: 2025.01.30 
12:11:51 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Results Conference Call” 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATYANARAYAN GOEL – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR –INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE 
LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT BAJAJ – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR –
INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MR. VINEET HARLALKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
AND COMPANY SECRETARY – INDIAN ENERGY 
EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MR. AMIT KUMAR – HEAD OF MARKET OPERATIONS, 
NEW PRODUCT INITIATIVES AND EXCHANGE 
TECHNOLOGY –INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MS. APARNA GARG – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
AND CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS –INDIAN ENERGY 
EXCHANGE LIMITED 
 
                                    MR. ROHAN GHEEWALA – AXIS CAPITAL 
 
 
 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Indian Energy Exchange Q3 FY '25 Results 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Gheewala. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rohan Gheewala: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Axis Capital, I'm pleased 
to welcome you all for the IEX Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call.  We have with us the 
management team of IEX, which is represented by Mr. S.N. Goel, the Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Rohit Bajaj, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Vineet Harlalka, Chief Financial 
Officer; Mr. Amit Kumar, Head of Market Operations, New Product Initiatives and Exchange 
Technology; and Ms. Aparna Garg, Head, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. 
 
We will begin with the opening remarks from Mr. Rohit Bajaj, followed by an interactive Q&A 
session. Over to you, sir. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, you're audible, loud and clear. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Okay. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the IEX Earnings Call for Q3 
FY '25. With me today on this call are Mr. Satyanarayan Goel, CMD, IEX; Mr. Vineet Harlalka, 
our CFO and Company Secretary; Mr. Amit Kumar, Head of Market Operations, New Product 
Initiatives and Exchange Technology, Ms. Aparna Garg, Head of Investor Relations and 
Communications; and Mr. Aditya Wali. 
 
Friends, the last quarter was a challenging one for the Indian economy. Economic growth in Q2 
experienced a dip on account of weaker private consumption and slowed to 5.4% after more than 
2 years of sustained accelerated growth. Subsequently, the RBI has also revised India's GDP 
growth forecast for FY '25 from 7.2% to 6.6%. However, based on high-frequency indicators of 
economic activity, RBI expects a recovery in Q3 FY '25 from the previous quarter's slowdown 
driven by increased private consumption. 
 
On the power sector front, electricity demand at 393 BUs during the third quarter was higher by 
3% Y-o-Y, better than the previous quarter's muted 0.5% growth. Power demand in the country 
for the first 9 months of FY '25 has been higher by 5% over the same period last year. 
 
The Ministry of Power has continued to maintain its focus on monitoring capacity addition and 
strengthening overall power infrastructure. Already, 28 gigawatt of thermal capacity is under 
construction and about 40 gigawatt is under planning and tendering stage. In addition, 40 to 50 
gigawatts of renewable capacity is to be added every year till 2030. This additional capacity is 
expected to increase sell-side liquidity on the exchanges in the coming years. 
 
On the fuel side, there has been ample availability of coal this fiscal. At 726 million ton, coal 
production for the first 9-month period from April to December FY '25 has been higher by 6.1% 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
compared with the same period last fiscal. Coal is available at a nominal premium of 10% to 
20% under the Shakti B8 auction and coal inventory today stands at a healthy 19 days. Imported 
coal prices in Q3 have also been competitive at $50 per ton. 
 
To meet the growing demand for power, MoP also made adequate provisions to ensure 
availability for the winter months by extending Section 11 directive to imported coal-based 
power plants to operate at full capacity up to 28 February 2025. These imported coal-based assets 
should support liquidity on the exchanges. 
 
Gas price at $14 per MMBtu, however, has seen a slight uptick in Q3 compared with $12 per 
MMBtu in Q2 due to onset of winters and continued geopolitical issues. Adequate availability 
of fuel in this quarter led to higher liquidity on the exchange platform as sell quantum increased 
by 62% on a Y-o-Y basis, leading to softening of the prices. For Q3 FY '25, prices in the Day 
Ahead market averaged at INR3.71 per unit, a decline of nearly 26% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
As prices remain competitive, DISCOMs and Commercial &Industrial consumers continue to 
have an opportunity to meet their demand at competitive prices and optimize their power 
procurement costs. With these trends, volume growth is expected to continue going forward. 
 
Let us now talk about important regulatory updates and policy initiatives during the quarter that 
helped deepening of the power markets.  
Under the amendments to late payment surcharge, LPSC rules, generating stations which have 
long-term PPA can now offer un-requisitioned power in the Day Ahead market as well as the 
Real-time Market segments. Recent amendments in the LPSC procedures has now also brought 
the State government-owned generating stations under its ambit, mandating them to offer URS 
power on the exchange platform. This is expected to further increase liquidity of the exchanges. 
 
The Deviation Settlement Mechanism, DSM regulation 2024 is work in progress towards 
renewable integration and grid stability. Under the proposed amendments, deviation charges are 
again linked to grid frequency. With regards solar and wind generators, deviation percentage 
allowed for levy has been narrowed to 10%. This is expected to help increase RTM volumes at 
exchanges. 
 
With regards the carbon market, CERC issued draft procedure for trading of Carbon Credit 
Certificates for both obligated as well as non-obligated entities through power exchanges. This 
will result in trading of Carbon Credit Certificates on IEX in the near future. 
 
IEX business performance during Q3 FY '25 has been robust. At 30.5 billion units, electricity 
volumes for the quarter were 16% higher on a year-on-year basis. For the first 9 months of FY 
'25, electricity volume at 89 billion units were higher by 19% Y-o-Y basis. In Q3, a total of 26.5 
lakh renewable energy certificates were traded, a jump of 31% over the same quarter last fiscal. 
REC trading volume touched 110.6 lakh certificates for the first 9 months of FY '25, a rise of 
158% over the same period in FY '24. 
                                 
The RTM segment continues to demonstrate strong growth. For Q3 FY '25, RTM volumes were 
higher by 30% Y-o-Y at nearly 9.3 billion units, showcasing its critical role in helping DISCOMs 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
as well as open access consumer efficiently manage their short-term electricity requirements. 
For the first 9 months in FY '25, 29.3 billion units were traded in this segment, a growth of 29% 
year-on-year basis. RTM’s ability to offer flexibility and immediate responsiveness highlights 
the opportunity to efficiently integrate renewables with the grid. 
 
With regards the Green Market, in Q3 FY '25, volume rose over 300% to nearly 2.5 billion units, 
compared with Q3 FY '24.  
While we continue to await approval from CERC for our long duration contracts of up to 11 
months, the hearing of our petition on the Green RTM segment was held recently by the CERC. 
As per the commission's direction, we have sought public comments on our proposal. 
 
Green RTM would provide an opportunity for RE sellers to avail price premium over 
conventional power and allow buyers to avail green attributes of electricity. This segment shall 
also help reduce deviation exposure due to weather events by providing an avenue to trade green 
power one hour in advance. 
 
Let me now summarize the financial performance of the company in this quarter. On a 
consolidated basis, revenue for the company grew 13.7% on a year-on-year basis in Q3 FY '25, 
increasing to INR160.5 crores from INR141.2 crores in Q3 FY '24. Consolidated PAT increased 
by 16.9%, rising to INR107.3 crores in quarter 3 of FY '25 compared with INR91.8 crores in 
quarter 3 of FY '24. 
 
For fiscal year 2025, the Board of Directors of the company announced an interim dividend of 
INR1.50, equivalent to 150% of the face value of equity shares.  
IGX traded volume of 162 lakh MMBtu for Q3 FY '25 compared with 84 lakh MMBtu traded 
in Q3 last fiscal. In the first 9 months of FY '25, IGX traded volumes of 398 lakh MMBtu, higher 
by 24% over the same period in FY '24. The profit after tax for IGX for Q3 FY '25 came in at 
INR8.3 crores compared with INR7.4 crores in Q3 FY '24. For the first 9 months of FY '25, IGX 
recorded a PAT of INR22 crores, higher by 18% compared with the same period last fiscal.  
Friends, development of new market models in the form of battery storage arbitrage, firm and 
dispatchable renewable energy, FDRE, or virtual power purchase agreement, VPPA, is slated to 
be the future driver of India's power market, eventually pressing a successful energy transition. 
 
In a recent SECI tender, the price of INR3.52 per kilowatt was discovered for a 2,000 megawatt 
solar with 1,000 megawatt or 4,000 megawatt hour energy storage requiring 4-hour discharge 
for one cycle a day. 
 
Storage prices are already competitive to make a promising case for market development and 
provide enough arbitrage to make it commercially viable. Rates under the VGF scheme have 
also declined. Visibly, battery storage remains poised to improve liquidity during non-solar 
hours and help meet the power demand. 
 
Further, the government recently reiterated its plan for setting up India's first coal exchange in 
the calendar year 2025, details of which are being worked out. The draft note for the cabinet for 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
setting up a coal exchange has already been circulated for interministerial consultations. The 
exchange is expected to work under the supervision of coal control organization. 
 
With the CEA forecast of peak power demand of 458 gigawatt by 2032, power consumption 
growth will continue to drive exchange volume growth. Government's effort to facilitate the path 
of energy transition shall continually support market development. As India marches towards 
achieving its net zero target, there is bound to be a growing role of power exchanges in the 
country's energy landscape and IEX shall continue to be part of this journey. 
 
Thank you, and now we can move towards question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question 
comes from Mayuresh M, individual investor. 
Mayuresh M: 
Okay. My question was, what is the current revenue breakdown for IEX, IGX, ICX and coal 
trading in terms of numbers and in terms of percentages? 
SN Goel: 
Yes. I'll request Mr. Vineet Harlalka, our CFO, to respond to this. 
Vineet Harlalka: 
So, if you look at the overall numbers for IEX, IEX stand-alone PAT was at INR103 crores, 
which was higher by 15.5% on a year-on-year basis, quarterly basis, and on consolidated PAT 
was INR107 crores, which was almost 17% higher than the previous year. The IGX stand-alone 
PAT for the quarter was INR8.3 crores, which was higher by 13% in the corresponding period 
from the previous year i.e. quarter for the previous year. And ICX during this quarter made a 
profit of INR20 lakhs against a loss of INR1 crores during quarter 3 of financial year '24. 
Mayuresh M: 
And how about coal trading? 
SN Goel: 
Coal trading, nothing has started. Coal exchange is still on paper. And only after approval by the 
government, they will decide who will do, when it will start. There’s no clarity on that. 
Mayuresh M: 
Okay. All right. Understood. And what is the expected growth? Or what are the expected 
revenues for the next 1 or 2 years, say FY '26 and FY '27 as a whole? And also for the sub-
companies like IGX, ICX? 
SN Goel: 
See, as far as IEX is concerned, it is difficult to make any projections. I mean, since it is a 
technology platform, it all depends on growth in demand and supply. But looking at what we 
have achieved in the last 4, 5 years, I think a number of 15%, 20% growth is definitely 
achievable. 
 
In case of gas exchange, at present, it's a challenging business environment wherein gas prices 
are very high. These are in the range of $14, $15. And at these rates, gas affordability is not there 
in India. Gas consumption is not increasing at the rate at which it was expected to increase. 
 
But it is expected that in 2026-27, there are many liquefaction terminals which are under 
construction in the countries where gas is available, and that will increase the gas supply in the 
world. And gas prices are expected then to come down to almost about $8, $9. And if that 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
happens, I'm sure gas consumption in India will increase and gas exchange should also see a 
jump in the volume growth. But it's difficult to make any projections at this stage now. 
Mayuresh M: 
Yes, yes, I understand that. And for IEX, considering the fact that the government is promoting 
a lot of investment in new renewable technologies like wind and solar energy, and we have made 
a lot of progress in the past 3 years and also, we will be making a lot of progress in the coming 
years in terms of installations and capacity, do you think that would help IEX to increase its 
volumes by more than 15% maybe after 2, 3 years when this capacity will come into operation? 
SN Goel: 
Yes, that should definitely help. Because what we have seen is that when there is good supply, 
the clearing price on the exchange reduces. And with that, if the clearing price reduces, it 
provides opportunity to distribution companies to optimize their power procurement cost and 
also to industrial consumers to optimize their costs. So definitely, the volume will increase 
further. But again, it's difficult to make projections for the future growth. 
Mayuresh M: 
I understand. So the profitability, I would say, is inversely proportional to the cost. So, or you 
can say the volumes are inversely proportional to the cost. If the cost of electricity or gas, 
reduces, the volumes will increase as the companies will try to buy them from exchanges rather 
than their normal contracts, which they have signed for a higher cost, right? 
SN Goel: 
Yes, you're right. 
Mayuresh M: 
Okay. But if the demand also increases with the supply, then maybe this might not be the thing 
that we are expecting, the cost to reduce? It may not happen? 
SN Goel: 
When demand increases and supply doesn’t increase, or commensurate supply increase doesn’t 
happen, then the rate increases. And that puts a lot of pressure on the distribution companies. 
So, it is good when both demand and supply increase, then we really see a jump in the volume 
increase. 
Mayuresh M: 
Yeah. Okay. Quite understood. Thank you very much for answering my questions and good 
luck. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Good Afternoon Sir. My first question is, you've had very strong volume growth on the 
collectives - Day Ahead Market, and RTM. Has that been accompanied with an overall increase 
in market share also as of 9 month FY '25? If you could give us the data. 
SN Goel: 
In the electricity segment, we are maintaining a market share of around 84%. And that was the 
trend last year also. And this year also, we are maintaining the market share at the same level. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. And what would be your market share in the REC segment? 
SN Goel: 
REC segment, I think the market share is about 60%, 65%. But then REC, is not counted as far 
as the market share is concerned. REC is done twice in a month. And the revenue stream also 
for REC, we have reduced the fees. So electricity market is basically the main market as far as 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
the market share is concerned. In any case, in electricity, our market share is 84.5% and in REC, 
it is about 60%. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. And within that, for the TAM, including DAC, your market share is still around 40% or 
So? 
SN Goel: 
Yes. I mean, RTM and DAM is practically 100%. And rest of the products, it is about 35%. 
Sumit Kishore: 
The second question is, in the opening remarks, it was mentioned about the new products and 
the regulatory developments. So this trade up to 11 months for TAM, how soon can this 
materialize? And similarly on the Green RTM front, what is the stage of progress? So if you 
could break up the LPSC rules, Green RTM and TAM and the time lines over which you expect 
these to materialize and the volume uptick they can translate into? 
SN Goel: 
11-month contract hearings were complete, order is reserved. So it depends on CERC, but then 
the hearings were complete a couple of months back. So we are waiting that order. As far as 
volume in the 11 months contract is concerned, again, it is difficult to say because we already 
have 3 months contract and distribution companies normally purchase power on a seasonal basis. 
 
Only thing is there are a few distribution companies who purchase power maybe for the month 
of June to September, maybe 3, 4, 5 months in advance. So maybe that kind of opportunity, if 
11 months contracts are approved, we can get that opportunity also on the exchange platform. 
So that may not be very significant, but then we are awaiting CERC order’s approval on that. 
 
Green RTM, the petition was admitted. We have posted the petition on the website for public 
comments. Thereafter we will respond to CERC also on those comments and CERC will then 
have a hearing. It will take some time, maybe a couple of months, 3, 4 months, it may take. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. And in LDC right now, what kind of volumes have you seen in the 9-month period? And 
what has been IEX's share? 
SN Goel: 
Our volumes, total volumes for all the three exchanges in LDC has been about 18 billion units 
and our share is about 38% in that. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So 18 billion units, because this number, I think, was just 5.2 billion units as of first half. So 
there has been a big uptick in LDC in third quarter? 
SN Goel: 
So, this number is Term Ahead Market and GTAM taken together. It is TAM segment and G-
TAM segment number is... 
Rohit Bajaj: 
So 5.8 must be for IEX... 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay, okay. Yes, yes, yes, it's for IEX. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
 
This one is for the market -- together. For IEX alone, this number is 7.1 billion. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
7.1 billion. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. Just one last question, an update on how, if at all, market coupling is, the study etcetera 
and events are panning out? 
SN Goel: 
No update. CERC had issued order in the month of February for simulation of the different 
market segments and submit the report with CERC, report is awaited. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So that shadow pilot study, etcetera, is done? Or... 
SN Goel: 
No, shadow pilot report is awaited. So only when they submit the report, CERC will take a view 
thereafter. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, in terms of timeline, you think that this can keep getting delayed and for how long? 
SN Goel: 
This was to be submitted in the month of July, and we are now in the month of January of next 
year. So already 6 months are over. So let's see. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Rushabh Shah from Buglerock PMS. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, my question is, in one of the calls, you mentioned that even if coupling happens, we will be 
able to defend it and defend the market share. Could you please explain in detail how would you 
do that? What measure will you take to defend your share? 
SN Goel: 
Your question is not clear. Can you repeat the question? 
Rushabh Shah: 
In one of the calls, you mentioned that even if coupling happens, you will be able to defend your 
market share. So can you explain in detail? 
SN Goel: 
No… no….I don't think we have ever said that in case of coupling we will be able to maintain 
the market share. What we always say is that even in case of coupling, we are doing a lot of 
customer-centric activities to ensure customer loyalty, and we should be able to retain a 
significant market share. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. Next question is, as you said that on the sell side, you have thermal generators who are 
registered with you. So what do you do for engaging more and more customers on our platform? 
Are there any incentives you offer for both buy side as well as sell side? 
SN Goel: 
Getting customers on the exchange platform, today, we have all distribution companies 
registered with us, all large generators, captive generators, they're all registered with us. 
Renewable generators, they are all registered with us. So there is hardly any generator in the 
market who is not registered with us. We have practically more than 400 generators who are 
registered with us. So all major sector participants are already registered. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. So practically speaking, 90%, 95% of all of them are registered on IEX? 
SN Goel: 
Yes, yes, yes. Not only registered, they are participating in the market also. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Rushabh Shah: 
And sir, my last question is the REC market in India, which is a compliance market, so which 
type of companies have to take these certificates for compliance? And is it important for them 
to purchase these certificates? 
SN Goel: 
See, one is that distribution companies have to meet their RP obligations, which is specified by 
Government of India and the State regulators. So, there are many States who do not have 
renewable power with them. So, they purchase RECs to meet their RP obligation. 
 
Then there are industrial consumers who have captive generation capacity. So they have to also 
meet the RP obligation and also purchase certificates. There are many steel plants, cement 
industries, aluminum industries, who have large captive generation capacities with them. So they 
also purchase RECs. Then there are many open access consumers who buy power from the 
market. So they also have to meet the RP obligation, and they also purchase the certificates. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. And my last question is what is your vision for IEX in the next 5 years? What are the top 
3 priorities for the last 4 to 5 years? 
SN Goel: 
My vision is to provide a robust, reliable technology platform so that all market participants can 
do trading through this. And the numbers will depend on the demand and supply growth in the 
country because demand growth is not something which we can create. It is a function of demand 
and supply. And we will not like to give any projections on the numbers. 
Rushabh Shah: 
No, sir, I don't want the projections, nothing on the projections. Just your vision and the priorities 
for you. 
SN Goel: 
Vision I told. I mean, a growth of 20% is something which we are targeting. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Yashodhan Nerurkar from Ionic Wealth. 
Yashodhan Nerurkar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, one question that I had was in terms of the Contract for 
Differences. So most of the PPAs which are coming in the renewable space, right now, there's 
some delay from the... 
SN Goel: 
Your voice is not clear. Can you put the question slightly slowly? 
Yashodhan Nerurkar: 
Just a second. Hello, is it better now? 
SN Goel: 
Yes, yes, better now. 
Yashodhan Nerurkar: 
Yes. So what I was saying is I was asking in terms of your volume. So something like a Contract 
for Differences, would that make a big difference in terms of increasing the volumes, at least in 
the renewable space where we are seeing most of the PPAs, there's a delay in signing by the 
DISCOMs because the prices are consecutively dropping. So would CfD be the ideal solution 
for you to boost the volume? 
SN Goel: 
We are working on this with the Government and renewable generators, but so far, they are not 
willing to set up the capacity without the PPA because one of the problems which they are facing 
is that the banks are not willing to lend without the PPA. But definitely, there are alternate 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
models of transactions which has been worked out like virtual PPAs. Some of the MNCs are 
working on that also and Government is also thinking about that. So that will definitely bring 
more liquidity in the market and should give a boost to the volume. 
Yashodhan Nerurkar: 
So at least there's some thought given to it in terms of increasing the liquidity at least in the 
renewable space to increase the adoption of it. So that's the whole purpose behind it 
SN Goel: 
Correct. 
Yashodhan Nerurkar: 
And secondly, I just wanted to understand. So, most of the solar parks that we are seeing 
currently, there, I mean, it is suggested that it should come along with a battery pack, like a 
storage battery. So does that reduce the variability of the energy demand? Because I think there 
is this concept of net metering, where most of the power is traded in the short term like power 
market. So with battery storage coming into picture on a larger scale, would that variability be 
reduced? And does that reduce the volumes in the exchanges? 
SN Goel: 
Wherever battery is coming, that battery, most of the generators are setting up additional 
capacity for charging the battery and supplying that additional power in remaining hours. So 
battery will ensure availability of larger power during the non-solar hours also, and that is good 
for the market. 
Yashodhan Nerurkar: 
Okay. So that extra power, which is getting generated through, I mean, dispatched through the 
battery, even that could be a part of the short-term power market like through the exchanges? 
SN Goel: 
You are right. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Bharani from Avendus Spark. 
Bharani: 
Yes. Okay. So my first question is on sustainability of this growth that we have seen in this 9 
months period for FY '25. We have, of course, seen 16%, 17% electricity volume growth when 
the market has grown at 5%. And my first question is what proportion of this incremental growth 
or extra growth over and above the country's growth is due to the price drop? 
SN Goel: 
See, the demand growth in the country has been in the first 9 months, 5%, precisely 4.8%, and 
our electricity volume growth has been 19%. And though there is no direct correlation between 
the demand growth and our electricity growth but based on the last 10-years data, we find there 
is a correlation of about 2.5 to 3x. 
 
So 5% growth in demand should give, let's say, a volume growth of 15% on the exchange 
platform. But this year, volume growth was better because supply side, there was a lot of 
improvement, and coal prices also were low. Imported coal prices were also low and 
Government of India also took many initiatives to ensure availability of power. So as a result of 
all these things, our clearing price also reduced, and that resulted in extra volume on the 
exchange platform. 
Bharani: 
Okay. Understood. So like any idea of the growth if it were not for the price drop? 
SN Goel: 
It is very difficult to segregate like that. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Bharani: 
Yes, the corollary question to that is do you expect this growth to sustain in FY '26 because 
prices have dropped to Rs 3.5/unit. And then we may not see growth over and above the base 
power demand like 5%, 6% in 2026. Or if it is going to be again 15%, why would that be again 
on a base of this year? 
SN Goel:                                See if the Indian economy has to grow at a rate of 7%, 8%, then power demand in the country 
has to definitely grow at a rate of 6%, 7%. And if that happens, we are quite confident that we 
will be able to achieve a growth of 15% to 20%. 
Bharani: 
Perfect. And how much was the open access customer as a proportion in this first 9 months, it 
should have increased compared to last year? 
SN Goel: 
Yes. Open access percentage was about 13%. And distribution company purchase was about 
87%. 
Bharani: 
Okay. And last year, it must have been very less, right? 
SN Goel: 
Pardon? 
Bharani: 
Last year, it must have been very less. 
SN Goel:                                Yes. Last year prices were higher, so the number was lower. 
Bharani: 
My last question, to just complete the loop on the market coupling discussion. Now you had, of 
course, mentioned we are awaiting the results of the pilot study. But exactly where is the process 
right now? Is the software ready? Has the testing or the simulation started? Have the exchanges 
started giving the data for the simulation? 
SN Goel:                              We have been giving the data from the last 1 year. Grid India is doing the simulation. So we do 
not know when the report will be submitted. I think Grid India, when they, or once the software 
is developed, they will have to test the software also only after that, they will do the simulation 
and then submit the reports to CERC. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Good Afternoon Sir. And congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is 
basically, if we see the volume growth in the quarter, and I'm talking about sequential growth, 
we see that the DAM segment has seen a 17% growth on a Q-o-Q basis, while RTM has seen a 
13% decline. Now is there any particular reason why we have seen a decline in the RTM because 
that has been structurally growing quarter after quarter. And this quarter, we are seeing this 
anomaly. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
See what happens is in case of RTM, energy mix also plays a very important role. So when we 
compare, or when we are comparing Q3 vis-a-vis Q2, Q2 is the time when we have lots of wind 
generation in the country, lots of hydro generation in the country and overall renewable 
proportion is very high. More the renewable proportion, more is the intermittency. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
So these months, normally, you will find Q2 particularly starting from May going up to 
September, October, these are the times when generally, there is a historical data also available 
where you can see that real-time market numbers are much, much better during these months. 
They are very high. 
 
And particularly in the Q3 quarter when the overall renewable proportion is so low, we see there 
is some drop in the renewable side, on the RTM side. But if we look at collectively, both RTM 
as well as DAM market, then you will see that collective segment overall has grown. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, Sir. Right. And secondly, Sir, if we talk about the DAM segment per se because you have 
seen an overall decline in the clearing prices, and I think these are at a 2.5-year low. Is there a 
way to quantify what would be the replacement demand that you have seen in this quarter? 
SN Goel:                            Replacement demand is difficult to quantify. But we have seen active participation of distribution 
companies. And what happens, when the prices are low, distribution companies don't get into 
bilateral contract, and that demand comes to the market. So, we have not quantified that, and it's 
also difficult to do that. 
 
If we compare what was the bilateral transactions last year and what is the bilateral transactions 
this year, what is the difference in that, maybe something we can work out from that way. But 
otherwise, what we find is definitely that purchase by distribution companies has increased. It 
is, it has increased because of the demand growth and also because the prices were low. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, Sir. And Sir, one final one. All the new opportunities that you mentioned, be it your 
energy storage solution or firm dispatch RE, or even the virtual PPA, have any of this started to 
contribute on the exchange volumes? Or is there any expectation as to how much can come 
through these different opportunities in FY '26? 
SN Goel:                                Virtual PPAs, what we understand that there are 2 MNCs with whom there are virtual PPAs. So 
maybe that capacity, what is the capacity, Rohit? Maybe you can respond to this question. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
So as per our estimate, we are getting close to 300, 400-megawatt already on our platform, which 
is actually coming from VPPA. There are certain VPPAs which are there in place. And they 
have this generation during the solar hours and they are selling it. 
 
As we have done some more assessment internally, where we are seeing that, let's say, by end 
of this fiscal, we are expecting up to 2 gigawatts of total renewable sell potential, which will be 
there and which has potential to participate in our spot markets. And this would be not only 
VPPA, it would be some merchant capacity also. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
This 2 gigawatt is just the virtual PPAs or it's including your energy storage? 
Rohit Bajaj: 
I'm talking about total renewable capacity. This would include virtual PPA also, and this will 
also be, there would also be certain merchant plants, certain disputed PPA plant. Everywhere, 
where they are not supplying under long-term PPA, this would be the total thing that we are 
expecting by year-end. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
SN Goel:                                In addition to what we did this year. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Shaleen Kumar from UBS. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers, Sir. I know you have kind of answered this question, but 
just again, to pick your thought process here. Sir, on the long-duration side, there is some update 
as well. So two parts to it. One, should we consider that on the Green side, if there is a kind of -
- we have received a positive signal from CERC, it's an indication that things should move 
swiftly on the long duration as well? And if that happens, what's your best guess, I think for a 
guess, for an estimate, that this could happen in what time frame, both the things? 
Rohit Bajaj: 
So there are, 2 things. One is Green real-time market, second is a long duration contracts up to 
11 months. Green real-time market, as Mr. Goel has just explained, all the first hearing has 
happened, petition has been admitted, consultation process has started. So our expectation is, 
let's say, next 2 to 3 months' time we should get something positive from the CERC then we 
would be in a position to launch this. 
 
As far as longer duration contract is concerned, this hearing got completed about 8, 9 months 
back. So we are awaiting this. If you ask me to guess, again, I would say, 3, 4 months, we should 
be able to launch that as well. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
All right. So most likely in 3 to 4 months, we'll be able to launch this. And this will roughly, if 
my understanding is right, roughly open up almost a 40 billion unit market for us? 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Absolutely. So if we go by last year numbers, its total potential that exists is about 40 billion 
units. And in a phased manner, exchanges should be able to capture that. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Right. Sir, I'd also like to touch base on one more question over here, right, which everybody 
has been discussing about. But again, I want to go a little deeper on the coupling side, right? 
And I'd like to have a little debate here. So, coupling, I think, came or was introduced along with 
MBED, right? Now while we are talking about coupling why we are not talking about MBED, 
that's one front. Is it coming up in any of your discussions? 
 
Second, again, logically, again here, I'm looking for your views. Does coupling have any merit, 
in your view? And if in any of your discussions with the regulators, this kind of discussion is 
arising and what are you thinking about it? 
SN Goel:                                Yes, say, number one, MBED, discussions happened on this right from 2018. It was in the 
discussion for almost about 4 years. But under the MBED, say, today, we have, if you look at 
the scheduling mechanism, we have a decentralized scheduling mechanism. 
 
Each of the State, they have their power purchase agreements. They have their allocations from 
the Central generating stations, and they do scheduling of that. And there are the renewables 
also. They do scheduling of all these renewables and thermal power plants. So it is their 
responsibility to manage the demand and supply within the State. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
Under MBED, the scheduling is done at the Centralized level. So States are reluctant in giving 
their rights of scheduling. This issue was discussed with many of the States and there was a lot 
of reluctance on the part of the States. That is why what we understand is that MBED has been 
dropped. It is not being considered now. 
 
As far as coupling is concerned, I mean we have said very clearly that there are no merits in 
coupling. In the past, we have mentioned about it. We have also made our submissions to CERC 
on the staff paper that why it is not desired and why coupling should not happen because this 
will kill the institutional framework of this market, power exchanges. 
 
This will kill innovation, this will kill competition in the market. And that is why the regulator 
has issued the staff paper for simulation of the data, and they want to take a decision based on 
the simulation results that if there is actually a merit in the case that has benefit to the consumers, 
maybe they will consider this. Otherwise, they may not consider this. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
But do you think that there can be, because I don't understand it is not a market coupling, it's 
exchange coupling, right? Earlier, the thesis was a market coupling. There are no markets to 
couple here. So the whole thesis... 
SN Goel:                              I Agree with you, it's a misnomer. But whatever it is, whatever it is. So regulator will probably 
take a view based on the simulation results. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Understood. But simulation results and again, going back to the same point, given your market 
share at least in the key product of almost 100%, how can the simulation result be any different? 
SN Goel:                             Again, I agree with you. If you look at the order of CERC dated sixth of February in that order 
itself, CERC has mentioned that if one of the exchange has a 99% market share. And as common 
sense, will say, coupling 99% with 1% will not lead to any benefit. So it is already there. I mean, 
they have also mentioned that. But anyhow, since they have issued an order for doing the 
simulations for the different market segments. It is RTM-RTM, DAM-DAM and also RTM with 
SCED. So let's wait for that report to come. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Right, hypothetically, even if we say coupling happens, how easy is it to implement it? Because 
while we say coupling, but let's think about the challenges. Any thoughts on that? 
SN Goel:                                There are many challenges as far as DAM-DAM, RTM-RTM coupling is concerned. Then even 
if it is done by the system operator, they need a software. Present software, which they are 
developing for the simulation is basically just for the simulation of big data. But if you have to 
run the market, then you have, you need a market grade software. 
And that kind of a 
software will have to be developed, the front end of this, the back office of that, all those things 
will have to be done. So that will need a lot of time. And thereafter, you will have to also work 
out the process of physical settlement of power between the exchanges and the financial 
settlement between the exchanges and also have to ensure that how exchanges, the financial 
settlement between the exchange is ensured. Because each of the exchange will have to ensure 
payment to their sellers. So I think all these things will have to be worked out. So it will definitely 
take a good amount of time. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
And in case of RTM and SCED, if that is the option which is decided by the regulator. Then in 
that case, the time required will be much, much more because SCED, the algorithm is entirely 
different. RTM, the algorithm is different. I think we will have to first define the logic for that. 
That itself is a big task.  
And thereafter developing a software for that. And again, the 
physical settlement  -- because there, the number of participants are going to be large because 
all these generating companies under the PPA, they will be also the participants and also their 
distribution companies. So I think that process involved in physical and financial settlement is 
quite complicated there. So I think time required will be much larger there. It could be even 2 to 
3 years. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Got it, sir. So basically, in nutshell, we are saying there's a lot of investment, manpower, right 
technology, etcetera, is required to do this. And so this should only happen when there is a very, 
very strong merit for this? 
SN Goel:                                Yes. Sure. Definitely. Regulators also will take all these points into considerations while taking 
a decision. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Karan P. Gupta from CAVI Capital. 
Karan P. Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just a quick question, Sir. Can you just talk about the difference 
between volume growth and revenue growth in the last quarter. I noticed volume growth is about 
16% and revenue growth was about 2.5% lower than that. So if you could just talk about that 
briefly, why that difference? 
SN Goel:                                Yes. In some of the products, we are also giving incentive to our partners. So it is, the difference 
is because of that. 
Karan P. Gupta: 
Is this incentive something that started recently? Because I haven't noticed a similar difference 
in past quarters. So ,and how do you see this going ahead? Is this because of competition that's 
happening in the market or to grow the market as a whole? If you could just start about that, 
please? 
SN Goel:                                Yes, in the Term-Ahead-Market and REC market segments because of the competition between 
the exchanges, if they are giving incentives, we have to also match that. Otherwise, we will lose 
market share. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Manthan D Patel from Patel Investments. 
Manthan D Patel: 
So there are two questions. First thing I want to know, is there any learning curve involved in, 
while basically running front-end operations on your platform? 
SN Goel:                               I'm not able to hear you clearly. 
Moderator: 
Manthan sir, may we request to use the handset mode if you are using the speaker mode, please. 
Manthan D Patel: 
Hello? Are you able to hear me? 
SN Goel:                                Please go ahead. Let me try. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Manthan D Patel: 
Yes, yes. So I wanted to know, is there any learning curve involved while using your platform 
like, I mean if a novice or any new participants want to trade energy? 
SN Goel:                            Okay. I got it now. I mean, whenever any new participant, he becomes a member or client, we 
definitely do the handholding. And our market operations team person explains to him how we 
can do the, submit the bids and what kind of data is available for his decision-making. And also, 
you know there is an IEX Academy where you can get all kind of details about the electricity 
market, power market, and you can understand the different rules, regulations under which the 
power market is operating. 
Manthan D Patel: 
Okay. And sir, relating to first question, like I mean other exchange, will have other kind of 
system. Is my understanding correct? Like both systems won't be same. So, if a particular user 
is comfortable with IEX, I mean is there any incentive to shift and learn the new platform? 
SN Goel:                               We are not able to hear you properly. 
Manthan D Patel: 
Can you hear now? 
SN Goel:                              Your voice is loud, but your line is not clear, Sir. Please send me an e-mail, send an e-mail to 
Aparna Garg we will respond to your questions. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Gopinadha from PNR Investments. 
Gopinadha: 
Sir, my question is already answered, thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ankit Kanodiya from Smartsync Services. 
Ankit Kanodiya: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Just one quick clarification on the market coupling 
things which you answered to a couple of participants. That shadow coupling is already done, 
and we are waiting for the report or it has not yet been done. The government has not yet 
completed the shadow coupling? 
SN Goel:                                We do not know whether the shadow coupling simulation has been done or not. Yes, we are 
giving the data and we are not getting any feedback about the simulation details. 
Ankit Kanodiya: 
Okay. That was very helpful, Sir. And Sir, second point is, second question is related to the 
transaction income which we make, that is the bulk of our basically revenue in IEX. So how has 
been the transaction price mechanism in the past? And how do we see that going forward? And 
how much of government's influence is there in that? 
SN Goel:                              Government influence on transaction fees? 
Ankit Kanodiya: 
Yes. 
SN Goel:                                See, from 2008 to 2021, there was no regulation for regulation of transaction fees. Exchanges 
were free to charge a transaction fees which they feel right. And we have been charging this 
INR0.02 on either sides from 2011 onwards, and we have kept it constant thereafter. Then in 
2021, the new regulations came, and there also CERC specified a transaction fees of INR0.02 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
on either side. And subsequently, product-wise, we have filed petition and those petitions also 
have been approved with INR0.02 on either side. 
Ankit Kanodiya: 
So is it fair to assume that you don't foresee any risk on this angle going forward? 
SN Goel:                              Yes, yes. I mean, these kind of approvals don't happen every day. So once CERC has approved 
that, and I feel that this approval should hold good for at least 5 years. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as a last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Thank you, Friends. I would like to thank each one of you for being part of today's call. We have 
had a good first 9 months for this fiscal on the business front. We have witnessed several efforts 
announced by the government and regulators to further develop our markets in the country. We 
remain committed to contribute to the development of a sustainable and efficient energy future 
for India. Have a wonderful evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Indian Energy Exchange, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
