 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: JLHL 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Code: 543980 
 
Subject: Q3 & 9M FY 25 Earnings Conference Call – Transcript 
 
Reference: Intimation of Earnings Conference Call dated February 04, 2025 and rescheduled 
dated February 05, 2025 and Audio Link of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call dated 
February 07, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Q3 & 9M FY 25 Results Conference Call held on 
Friday, February 07, 2025 at 6:30 PM (IST) for the quarter and nine months ended on  
December 31, 2024. 
 
The same will be available on the website of the Company at www.jupiterhospital.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the afore-mentioned on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For JUPITER LIFE LINE HOSPITALS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Suma Upparatti  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
SUMA 
VINAYAK 
UPPARATTI
Digitally signed by 
SUMA VINAYAK 
UPPARATTI 
Date: 2025.02.11 
14:32:35 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited Q3 and 9M FY25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges and the Company website on 7th February 2025 
will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. ANKIT THAKKER  – ED & CEO 
MR. ANAND APTE - CHIEF OF BUSINESS AND STRATEGY 
MS. FALGUNI SHAH - BUSINESS CONTROLLER 
MS. SUMA UPPARATTI - COMPLIANCE OFFICER & 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited Q3 
and 9 Months FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
This conference may contain certain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Dr. Ankit Thakker, ED and CEO of Jupiter Life Line 
Hospitals Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Thakker: 
Thank you. Good evening to everybody. I thank you for joining us on our Earnings Call late 
Friday evening to discuss our ‘Business and Financial Performance’ for this Quarter and Nine 
Months of FY25. I hope you could look at our ‘Financial Results’ and ‘Presentations’, which 
have just been posted on the website and stock exchanges. 
I am accompanied by Mr. Anand Apte – our Chief of Business and Strategy; Ms. Falguni Shah 
– our Business Controller; and Ms. Suma Upparatti – our Compliance Officer & Company 
Secretary. 
We move to the ‘Updates of this Quarter’: 
As a part of our IPO objectives, we had an aim to establish new hospitals to take the total 
group tally to about 2,500 beds in Western India. We have already spoken about our Dombivli 
and the second Pune hospital, which had given you visibility of 2,200 beds. 
We are now pleased to announce the acquisition of an over 2-acre plot of land in Mira Road. 
This will mark our sixth hospital and the third in the MMR region. This land was procured 
from the open market through a local landlord financed entirely through internal accruals and 
equity reserves and has a cost of approximately Rs. 75 crores. Our plan is as always to 
establish a  full-service multi-speciality quaternary care hospital, which will have a capacity of 
around 300 beds. The project's estimated CAPEX will be about Rs. 400 crores, which will 
include the land. The financing of the remaining CAPEX will be subject to the planning 
approvals, board approvals etc. which will be communicated to you from time to time. Mira 
Bhayandar region is a densely populated residential locality with a significant unmet demand 
for quality health services. Currently, the area lacks comprehensive high-end health facilities, 
compelling the residents to rely either on local secondary care centers or they need to travel to 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
Thane or Mumbai for advanced medical treatment. The new hospital we propose there will 
cater primarily to the micro markets of Dahisar, Mira Bhayandar and the Vasai Virar regions 
and will address a critical healthcare gap in that area. 
The second hospital of Pune in Bibvewadi has now received the regulatory approvals and from 
next month onwards that is March of 25, we hope to start construction for that hospital as well. 
The first phase with a capacity of 200 odd beds should be operational in calendar year 28. The 
Indore hospital has recently added 78 new beds on 1st of January 25. This brings the total bed 
capacity in Indore to 309 beds. We have executed this one quarter before schedule and the 
CAPEX for this development was a little under Rs. 25 crores that translates to roughly Rs. 30 
lakhs per bed for the new phase of construction. The Dombivli project is advancing as per plan 
and is expected to be operational around Q1 of FY27. 
The ‘Numbers for this Quarter’: 
Income for this quarter stood at Rs. 322 crores which is a 17.7% increase YoY. EBITDA Rs. 
76.4 crores, which is a 21.5% increase YoY. The EBITDA margin this quarter is 23.7%. The 
PAT is Rs. 52.5 crores which is a 20.1% increase YoY. The PAT margin is 16.3%. For the 
nine-month consolidated numbers, the revenue was Rs. 934.8 crores, a 19.5% increase year-
on-year. The EBITDA for nine months so far is Rs. 218.3 crores, again a 22% increase. The 
EBITDA margin is 23.4%. The PAT is Rs. 148.6 crores, an increase of 13.2% year-on-year 
and the PAT margin so far is 15.9%. The ARPOB for 9 month of this year has been Rs 59,100 
as compared to Rs 53,600 in the same period last year. The ALOS for 9 months is now 3.88 
days as compared to 3.92 days. The occupancy for these 9 months was 66.7% compared to 
63.2% last year. The overall volume has increased from 6,51,500 to 7,27,500. The payer mix is 
insurance represents 55.4% of the revenue. 43.5% comes from self-payers and government 
schemes at 1.1%. So, these are the big highlights. 
With this, I open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
withdraw yourself from the question queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are 
requested to please use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of 
Amey Chalke from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Amey Chalke: 
Thank you for taking my question and congrats to the management on good numbers. So, the 
first question I have, Ankit you saw the margin side, what levers do we have considering like 
Pune is also occupied up to 60% to 65%, Thane is also more or less optimally occupied. So, 
what levers do we have to improve margins going forward? 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
Ankit Thakker: 
Hi Amey, so I lost your voice a little bit, but from what I could gather you were asking for 
levers for margin expansion in all the three units, is that correct? 
Amey Chalke: 
Yes. 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, in Thane, there is just one lever that is an inflation-linked price hike. In Pune, besides 
inflation-linked price hikes, there is a second lever also for occupancy growth which you could 
see that in this quarter is around I think  65%. And in Indore, besides price hike and 
occupancy, the third lever is case mix optimization which I believe should last for another 
year, year and half. So, these are the three levers in different units. 
Amey Chalke: 
So, our margin for Thane unit will be more than 25%, right? 
Ankit Thakker: 
It should be something like that, yes. 
Amey Chalke: 
Got it. So, should we assume that these margins are typically the optimal margins for the 
locality we are taking for doctors, etc.? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Correct. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. And the second question I have is, in Thane particularly considering there was only one 
Jupiter corporate driven hospital, now two more are coming up. At least they have announced 
their plan. So, in terms of talent etc., you are comfortable, or do you think that inflation should 
be there on account of this competition on the doctors and the nurses' talent etc.? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, I think Thane with a population of close to 30 lakhs or 3 million now has enough number 
of doctor representation out of those 30 lakh people who live here, so the native medical talent 
pool in Thane is pretty high and even today, there are to be honest very good doctors in Thane 
who don't work with Jupiter right because there is only as many who can be affiliated to a 300-
400 bed hospital. So, I don't think either from the demand side or from the talent availability 
side, there should be any challenge either for us or for the newcomers. 
Ankit Thakker: 
For the last couple of quarters, we have said that besides one, even if there are a few more in 
Thane, the demand is sufficient to neither bother us nor bother the new entrant. So, yes, that is, 
we continue with our view. 
Amey Chalke: 
And the second hospital which is coming up is closer to the Ghodbundar Road or where is the 
exact location? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Which one? 
Amey Chalke: 
The second hospital, the land which we acquired, is it closer to Ghodbundar Road or is it? 
Ankit Thakker: 
The Jupiter's land you are saying? 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
Amey Chalke: 
Yes. 
Ankit Thakker: 
Yes, so you must have read Ghodbundar. So, Ghodbundar is not Ghodbundar Road. It is the 
name of the area in Mira Road, so it is in Mira Road. It is not on Ghodbundar Road, it is an 
area called Ghodbundar in Mira Road. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sir, got it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, to ask a question, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’. We have the next 
question from the line of Pranav Chawla from Ambit. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Hi, sir. So, can you just briefly highlight what are the hospitals that are there in our pipeline 
and what will be their commencement pipeline and in every phase how many beds are we 
planning to get operational? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, I will definitely walk through it but we have included one slide in the presentation for this 
if you want to have a clearer picture at any date. Currently, we have three hospitals; Thane, 
Pune and Indore. Thane capacity is 377 beds, Pune 386 and Indore is planned for 431. 
Currently operating 309, so it has a scope to add 122 more. The new hospitals that are coming 
up Dombivli is planned for 500 beds, Pune 2, in Bibvewadi is planned for 500 beds and Mira 
Road is planned for 300 beds, so if you add all of them up it goes to 2494 which is close to 
2500 for all practical purposes. So, that is the pipeline. 
Pranav Chawla: 
And which year do these hospitals come in? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Dombivli Q1 FY26-27, Pune sometime Calendar Year ‘28, Mira road sometime Calendar Year 
‘29. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Sir, and what would be our case mix? What would be our largest therapies, top 3 therapies? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, we are, what do you say, full service multi-specialty hospital where you don't have any 
focused therapy area in any of the hospitals and all the branches are well-diversified. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Okay, got it. I will get back in the queue. 
Ankit Thakker: 
Thank you, Pranav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. To ask a question, ladies and gentlemen, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’. The next 
question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is with regards to your expansion 
plans. So, while we look at your history, you have been adding hospitals say one hospital in 
each of say 2 to 3 years span, while going ahead, what we are talking about is having one new 
hospital almost every year. So, what I would like to know is basically what could be the P&L 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
impact of all the three hospitals coming in? And at the same time with the kind of CAPEX 
what you have lined up, which is nearly say Rs. 1400 crores for these three hospitals, how do 
you plan to fund the entire CAPEX? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Thank you, Abdul. So, for the CAPEX question, currently we are sitting on something like  Rs. 
250 plus odd crores of cash on our books. And I told you that the nine month EBITDA this 
year is Rs. 218 crores with whatever simple extrapolations you want to do over a 5-year 
period, you will see that the current cash and the internal accruals which we will generate over 
a 5-year period will add up to the required CAPEX number. So, as far as we are doing these 
three hospitals because they are also greenfield which means the money has to be invested in a 
staggered way, not upfront. We will be able to deploy cash as we generate it through the 
running hospitals. So, we will be able to maintain the debt free status and fund these three 
hospitals. At future date if there is something interesting in terms of opportunity, then the 
board will evaluate it from time to time whether we need to fund more opportunity through 
debt equity or whichever way. So, that is on the CAPEX question. The P&L question is that I 
think industry average currently is that most new greenfield hospitals in the country are 
breaking even maybe sometime in the second year with small EBITDA losses or some 
EBITDA losses in the first year. So, from the current EBITDA numbers of the three hospitals, 
you can project some blips in the first year of operation of each hospital and stabilizing in the 
second year and becoming positive in the third year. So, with that, I think you will be able to 
build some kind of model. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Got it. That is well understood. Second question is with regards to your Indore. So, now that, 
you have been able to add beds quarter ahead. When should we expect the balance of 111 beds 
to be added at this facility? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, we have just added 78. We might add one more ICU about 10-11 beds soon. But after that, 
there is no immediate plan to add more beds. So, we were around 60% odd percent occupancy 
before these beds got added. With the addition of these beds, we would have slipped into 50% 
kind of occupancy. Till we don't come back to 60%-65%, we will not be discussing new bed 
addition. Once we reach that 60%-65% occupancy, we'll think about new beds. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Got it, sir. And just the final one, if I may. So, with regards to your Dombivli, now that it will 
get commercialized in Q1 of fiscal 27. So, by what time would the doctor hiring and other 
nursing staff will start? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, I think one quarter before, 3 to 6 months before you start talking and in the quarter before 
you start, you should start getting people on board. So, that is a typical timeline for all new 
Greenfield. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Thank you and wish you all the best. 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask questions, may please press ‘*’ and ‘1’. We have the 
next question from the line of Anjana Shah from Shah Investments. Please go ahead. 
Anjana Shah: 
Thank you for this opportunity, sir. So, sir, I wanted to understand that, a competitor's planning 
to enter the Thane market as our neighbor. So, how do you perceive this competition and what 
strategies do we maintain to have our market position intact? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Hi, Anjana. So, as I answered in the earlier question that I don't think there's any great strategy 
to be honest. I think the inherent demand itself is quite high in this region. And as the time 
passes, there is a definite replacement of unorganized and secondary care nursing home beds 
with organized and corporate multi-specialty hospital beds. So, a combination of the 
replacement of some beds and the unmet demand will mean that neither us nor them will have 
to have any extraordinary strategies. It is just you are here to serve the needs of the community 
and the community has a lot of unmet need. So, yes, I think it is much simpler than you think. 
Anjana Shah: 
So, also we are working towards setting up three new hospitals. So, with respect to funding, 
how do we plan to finance these? Would we bring on some debt on the book? Would we raise 
further equity? Or would it be like a mix of both? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, as I just answered Abdul, for these three hospitals, we will not need more debt. Internal 
accruals and cash reserves will be sufficient to fund them. If we do take on additional projects, 
then we may need debt equity or a combination of it. But when those opportunities arise, we 
will evaluate them at that point. 
Anjana Shah: 
Sure, perfect. Thank you. Thank you so much, sir. That was helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The next 
question is from the line of Anya Desai from Bright Securities. Please go ahead. 
Anya Desai: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just had one question. Can you please share the 
ARPOB and occupancy rate for Q3 FY25? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, we have 65.7% of occupancy. The ARPOB is Rs 61,750. And what was the third question? 
Just these two? 
Anya Desai: 
No, that's it. I just wanted to know for Q3 FY25. 
Ankit Thakker: 
65.7% and Rs 61,700. 
Anya Desai: 
Alright. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your touch-
tone telephones. We have the next question from the line of Jigar Shah from Elevate Research. 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
Please go ahead. Jigar Shah, your line has been unmuted. You may proceed with your 
question. 
Jigar Shah: 
Good evening, sir. Sir, I have a couple of questions. In nine months, FY25, what was our total 
CAPEX excluding the recent land acquisition? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Nine months FY25 what was our total CAPEX excluding the new land you are saying? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Should be around Rs. 100 odd crores I think towards Dombivli and Indore I think. I don't have 
the exact number on me now but it should be around Rs. 100 crores. 
Jigar Shah: 
Okay, that helps. Secondly with the Dombivli Hospital yet to commence operations in FY25, 
what level of EBITDA loss do we anticipate during the initial couple of years? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, we don't have formal guidance on EBITDA loss currently, but we do think that the first 
year should be EBITDA negative and the second year should be EBITDA breakeven. That is 
what we have for now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants are requested to please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to join the question queue. We 
have the next question from the line of Karan Mehra from Mehta Investments. Please go 
ahead. Karan, your line has been unmuted. 
Karan Mehra: 
Yes. Good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, most of my questions are 
answered, so I only have one question. If you can provide some insights into the demographics 
of the Mira Bhayandar locality and how it influences our hospital's growth potential, if you can 
throw some light here, it would be helpful. 
Ankit Thakker: 
Sure, so Mira Bhayandar, I don't know, are you from Mumbai? 
Karan Mehra: 
Yes, I am. 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, you would understand some geography if I talk about. So, you are familiar with Thane, I 
guess. So, just like Thane is to the eastern suburbs of Mumbai or the central line of Mumbai, 
Mira Bhayandar is to the western part of Mumbai. It is a dense residential neighborhood which 
essentially houses people who go to work in western Mumbai. It is not a commercial hub, it is 
mainly a residential hub. It is a very dense community and does not have healthcare facilities 
of great stature today. Mira Bhayandar, as a municipal corporation should have, I think a 
population of somewhere in the zip code of 15 lakhs, then it is surrounded by two other dense 
areas. One is Dahisar on the south and the corporation of Vasai Virar, Nalasopara, Naigaon on 
the North. So, with all of this together with in say 30 to 60-minute driving distance, you would 
again have a population of 2-3 million people who currently are essentially Mumbaiites in their 
mind, but don't have the facilities of healthcare in the place they live. So, this is the problem 
that we are trying to solve. 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Karan Mehra: 
Understood. Sir, thank you for sharing this idea. Thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask questions may please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ at this time. 
We have no further questions, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, thank you, everyone. I hope the questions were answered satisfactorily. If there are any 
more questions, you are most welcome to reach out to us or the SGA team, our IR Advisors. I 
wish all of you a very happy weekend ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
