 
 
 
 
 
Date: 4th February 2025 
 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
[Scrip Code: 517146] 
 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra  
Mumbai – 400 051 
[Symbol: USHAMART]
 
Societe de la Bourse de 
Luxembourg 
35A Bouleverd Joseph II 
L-1840, Luxembourg 
[Scrip Code: US9173002042]
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,                
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call – Q3 9M FY25  
 
In continuation to our letters dated 24th January 2025 and 30th January 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q3 9M FY25 held on 30th January 2025.   
 
The same is uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed through the following weblink 
TranscriptQ39MFY25. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Usha Martin Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosed: As above 
 
 
 
 
• ~USHA 
V
MARTIN 
USHA MARTIN LIMITED 
CIN : L31400WB1986PLC091621 
(O'> Regd. Office: 2A Shakespeare 
'v Sarani, Kolkata - 700071, India 
Q 
(00 9133) 71006300 
~ 
(00 91 33) 71006492 
contact@ushamartin.co.in 
www.ushamartin.com 
MANISH 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
MANISH AGARWAL 
Date: 2025.02.04 
18:29:23 +05'30'

Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
 Page 1 of 16 
USHA MARTIN LIMITED 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 30, 2025
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the earnings conference call 
of Usha Martin Limited. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-
only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Devrishi Singh of CDR India. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Devrishi Singh: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Usha Martin's Q3 
FY25 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Rajeev Jhawar – Managing 
Director of the Company, Mr. Abhijit Paul – Chief Financial Officer and Ms. 
Shreya Jhawar from the Strategy and Growth team of the Company.  
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the management, following 
which we will have the forum open for a Q&A session.  Before we begin, I would 
like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be forward 
looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
earnings presentation.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Rajeev Jhawar to make his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, sir.  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of the management team of Usha Martin, 
I would like to welcome you all to our earnings conference call. I will begin by 
sharing some updates on operations and strategies following which our CFO – 
Mr. Abhijit Paul will run you through the key financial highlights. 
In Q3 FY25, Usha Martin achieved sustained topline growth delivering an 8.0% 
rise in revenue, despite a challenging global environment. The wire rope division 
remained a core contributor, accounting for 73% of our total consolidated 
revenue and registering a 9.8% year-on-year increase. The wire segment 
performed well, achieving a 17.6% increase in revenue. The LRPC segment 
continued to face headwinds, reporting a decline of 1.4% year-on-year due to 
softer demand.  
Within the wire rope division, value-added products accounted for 71%* of 
revenue in 9MFY25, with encouraging contributions from the elevator sector. 
International markets formed 55% of total revenue in 9MFY25. However, 
*Percentage changed from 70% to 71% - this is factual correction made.
USHA 
MARTIN 

Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
 Page 2 of 16 
pricing softness and margin pressures in geographies impacted our operating 
profits for the quarter resulting in EBITDA margins of 16.6%. While these 
headwinds affected profitability, our focus on value added segments have 
ensured steady contributions from core sectors positioning us well for recovery 
in the coming fiscal.  
During the quarter gone by, Usha Martin continued to make considerable 
progress in its strategic initiatives, working steadily to support overall business 
momentum despite facing certain macro-led challenges. Our ongoing 
expansion in our Ranchi plant and Thailand plant remains on track with 
expected volume ramp ups, enhancing our market position in the coming 
quarters. We are also seeing steady progress in our digitalization and 
automation investments aimed at enhancing productivity. Our capital 
expenditure for synthetic slings production in the UK plant is also progressing 
well with commercial operations to begin in Q4 FY25.  
As most of you know, Usha Martin has undergone a significant transformation 
in recent years by divesting its steel business. This strategic move not only 
reduced our debt but also laid the foundation for a successful turnaround. 
Following this, the Company refocused in its core specialty wire rope segment, 
enhanced production capacity, improved our product mix and increased 
market share in the international markets. These steps laid the foundation for 
the turnaround we see today, enabling the Company to deliver steady growth 
and operational improvements in the future.  
Building on this foundation, I am pleased to share that we have embarked on 
the next phase of our transformation under the “One Usha Martin” approach. 
This initiative is designed to bring greater efficiency across our businesses. The 
goal is to operate as one cohesive Company rather than separate regional 
businesses, ensuring optimized cost and increased competitiveness leading to 
stronger financial performance and sustainable long-term growth.  
This strategy focuses on areas such as centralizing operations for certain 
functions and refining our manufacturing model.  
On the operations front, we are consolidating certain functions across the 
geographies, example, centralizing procurement for various units under one 
umbrella to achieve economies of scale. Currently, each manufacturing unit is 
purchasing 
similar 
raw 
materials 
independently. 
Consolidating 
the 
procurement requirements across the group allows us to negotiate better 
terms with suppliers across geographies, unlocking cost savings and 
standardizing input quality globally.  
We are also streamlining our logistics function where we are taking a more 
centralized approach to negotiations, securing rates across the global supply 
chain. While execution remains local, the strategy allows us to optimize costs. 
With better coordination, tracking and analytics we can also improve delivery 
timelines for our customers.  
USHA 
MARTIN 

Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
 Page 3 of 16 
Additionally, we are also optimizing our back-office infrastructure by shifting 
certain support functions from our high-cost subsidiaries locations to India.  
On the manufacturing front, we are advancing our operations with the 
redefined Brunton Shaw UK model. In the existing model, we manufacture 
wires and strands in India and complete rope production in UK. The model has 
been critical in establishing trust with premium customers, particularly in the 
specialized sectors like oil, offshore and elevators, etc.  
Now that we have successfully executed and built credibility with these 
customers, we are taking the next step in integration. For certain product 
categories, we will now supply finished ropes directly from India, leveraging our 
enhanced capacities and cost advantages here. However, for some specialized 
segments such as the large diameter crane ropes used in oil and offshore 
applications, the UK will remain a critical hub for final production. This enables 
us to achieve cost efficiency while maintaining specialization and effectively 
serving premium markets across the globe. The implementation has already 
started, and we aim to complete this transition by September, 2025.  
These are just a few examples of the many initiatives we aim to undertake in 
the coming months as a part of this approach.  
“One Usha Martin” is a clear step towards future proofing of our business, 
strengthening our competitive advantage, improving margins and increasing 
operating leverage. By integrating our operations globally, we are creating a 
leaner, more agile business that is better equipped to meet evolving customer 
needs while driving long-term creation for all our stakeholders. 
With this, I would now like to invite our CFO – Mr. Abhijit Paul to present you 
the financial highlights for the quarter ended 31st December ‘24. Thank you and 
over to you Abhijit.  
Abhijit Paul: 
Thank you and a very good afternoon, everyone. I will now provide a brief 
overview of the Company's operating and financial performance for the quarter 
and nine months ended 31st December 24. 
In Q3 FY25, the consolidated net revenue from operations stood at Rs. 860.5 
crore, registering a 8% year-on-year increase from Rs. 797.1 crore in Q3 of 
FY24. This growth was primarily driven by positive performance of our core wire 
rope and wire and strand segments, which recorded revenue growth of 9.8% 
and 17.6% respectively. While the LRPC segment continued to face challenges, 
we remain optimistic about its potential. With a steady increase in demand for 
galvanized and plasticated LRPC products, we anticipate improved 
performance in the upcoming quarters.  
During the quarter, our operating EBITDA stood at Rs. 142.7 crore compared to 
Rs. 157.1 crore in Q3 FY24. The operating EBITDA margin for Q3 FY24-25 was 
16.6%, down from 19.7% in the same period last year, primarily due to subdued 
USHA 
MARTIN 

Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
 Page 4 of 16 
realizations and market dynamics in the international markets. The net profit 
for the quarter stood at Rs. 92.3 crore compared to Rs. 107.5 crore in Q3 of 
FY24.  
For the nine-month period ended 31st December, 2024, the consolidated net 
revenue from operations rose to Rs. 2,578.1 crore, a 7.6% year-on-year increase 
from 2,396.2 crore in 9MFY24. Our wire rope segment accounted for 73% of 
the total revenue. The operating EBITDA for 9MFY25 stood at Rs. 457.5 crore 
compared to 447.1 crore in 9MFY24. The PAT for the nine months stood at 
305.4 crore compared to Rs. 317.8 crore in the prior year period impacted by 
softer realizations and higher cost in certain geographies. 
As at 31st December 2024, our net debt stood at Rs. 168 crore which is 28% of 
our annualized operating EBITDA. Despite ongoing capital expenditure 
initiatives including expansions in Ranchi and Thailand and upgrades at the UK 
facility, our debt level remains well within manageable limits.  
In conclusion, I would like to emphasize that the Company remains confident 
in its ability to improve its overall performance going forward. As we progress, 
we anticipate further growth in both production driven volumes and value led 
growth. Our strategic initiatives including the “One Usha Martin” approach, 
along with continued investments in automation and digitalization will further 
strengthen our competitiveness and improve operational efficiency across 
both global and domestic markets. Usha Martin remains focused on achieving 
sustained growth and creating long-term value for all its stakeholders.  
This brings me to the end of my address. I will now request the moderator to 
open the line for question-and-answer session.  
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Aman Kumar Sonthalia from AK Securities. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Both the Indian market and the European market are having very sluggish 
demand scenario. And we have expanded our capacities and at the same time 
we are seeing margin pressure. So, in this sluggish demand scenario, how will 
we increase our volume and at the same time how we will improve our margins? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
So just answering it in two parts. First, in terms of the India market, actually the 
wire ropes volumes which is the core segment for us, the wire ropes volumes 
have gone up significantly this year. So, if we look at the nine months, the 
volumes have gone up from about 28,000 to about 34,000 for the 9MFY25. So, 
we have been able to strongly focus on the domestic market especially with the 
support of our dealer network. That being said, of course to your point, there 
is an expectation of growth in India in terms of construction, infrastructure 
development, the ropeways projects, bridges, which do require both ropes as 
well as plasticated LRPC. But on the ground execution of some of these projects 
in the market has been a bit slower than expected. So, you know, while in the 
short term that leads to certain slowdown compared to expectations, in the 
long term we hope that we should still see this kind of growth.  
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 5 of 16 
 
 
 
In Europe on the other hand, as mentioned in the opening remarks as well, we 
do see certain challenges, overall slowdown in the international markets, 
including Europe, which has led to particularly pricing and margin pressures. 
Our goal is in this market that we make the European setup more lean, more 
efficient so that we can optimize our costs and then in turn become more 
competitive and then able to retain and gain our market share. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
My next question is regarding LRPC. So I think, this LRPC market is very 
competitive and it's not very remunerative as a lot of big players have come in 
and there is quite oversupply in the market and also the infrastructure 
spending is not picking up in India. As far as I know, we have stopped bidding 
for some haulage rope which is being used in Coal India and some of the other 
mining area which is not as profitable as other ropes. But it is much more 
profitable than this LRPC. So instead of putting our energy in selling LRPC, if 
we concentrate more on selling in this market,  I think it will improve our profit 
compared to LRPC.  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
The LRPC plant is very different to the plant producing the haulage ropes. So 
you are right that the LRPC demand and markets are fairly subdued at the 
moment because of oversupply situation and there is slow offtake of demand, 
because of the slowdown in execution of these projects. However, our objective 
of continuously upgrading our facility i.e using our facility to produce 
plasticated and galvanized LRPC continues to be our main focus. We have got 
certain orders both from domestic and export markets which we expect to 
ramp up in the coming quarters depending on the demands of these projects. 
And we feel that is the right strategy to improve the profitability of the LRPC 
and the facility to produce these LRPC strands, particularly galvanized and the 
plasticated comes from our rope making facility which is having a big advantage 
to us, and we feel that should really go up in the next financial year.  
On the haulage rope as well as ropes for the domestic market, including Coal 
India, we have started bidding for these orders. As Shreya mentioned, we have 
increased our market share in India and been able to increase some of our 
volumes in these markets. As a part of our strategy going forward, we will aim 
to increase our share at every market opportunity in India. Your point is noted 
and it is part of our plan.  
Aman Sonthalia: 
What is the update of Galfan Wire plant and synthetic sling plant?  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
As far as the synthetic slings plant is concerned, the plant is completely ready 
including the most important testing facility of the 2,000 ton through flow 
testing machine in the UK and we have started getting some small orders using 
our distribution and our service De Ruiter and EMM, our subsidiaries. We 
expect to start commercial production in this quarter itself in Q4 and next year 
would be the first year where we start working with all the end users to get 
their approvals. There is a process of getting the approvals especially for the 
specialized slings and our team is confident that we should be able to achieve 
that in the next financial year.  
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 6 of 16 
 
 
 
Coming to the Galfan which we are naming as Gal Star, which is our zinc 
aluminum line. I am happy to say that we have commissioned our plant, and it 
is under trial production, and we hope to stabilize the operations in this 
quarter, and we should start getting the full benefits of this from Q1 of the next 
financial year. And of course, some quantities of trial supplies will also be made 
in this quarter but we expect this to get fully commissioned in the next financial 
year.  
Aman Sonthalia: 
And what about the Saudi market?  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
In the Saudi market, we have all our team in place, all the approvals in place and 
we have started our rigging facility and the distribution facility there. The 
feedback we have received from the customers is that they are very happy as 
we are there with all our facilities and we have started approaching customers 
and started getting orders. We have been supplying there through our Brunton 
wire plant but now by having this facility, I think, there is a fairly good demand, 
and we expect good orders to flow in. And next year we should be having a 
significant increase in volume from that market.   
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital.   
Dhaval Shah: 
If you compare this conversation to the last quarter’s concall, we are now seeing 
some bearishness in both the European and Indian markets. The Indian 
market’s slowdown can be understood due to the lack of spending and CAPEX 
activity in the country, which directly impacts our volumes, as our Company is 
a beneficiary of that. But in Europe, could you explain in detail where are you 
seeing the slowdown? If I understand correctly, our key markets in Europe 
would include applications in fishing, rigs and wind installations. Which of these 
business segments is seeing the slowdown?  
Secondly, regarding the US, we have started sending material for mining 
applications, which is great achievement for our Company. So, what is the 
progress there? Also, in Australia, we have started sending materials, how is 
that segment performing as per your expectation? Overall, where will the 
growth come from? I was expecting a much better performance this quarter 
and for the year. How do you plan to meet the shortfall in terms of the guidance 
we had given? Going forward, what sort of volume guidance would you like to 
share with us? These are my questions.  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
First of all, let me tell you that while in the domestic market, there is a slowdown 
in the infrastructure and project execution in India, but with our initiative to 
work with our dealer network to have a better penetration in the market, we 
have actually been able to increase our market share in India and increase it 
almost by 18% year-on-year. And that is something which has helped us to get 
a better market share in India. In the coming period we expect the domestic 
market should hopefully start getting better and we are well prepared to take 
care of the increased market if that happens. We feel by focusing on our 
domestic market and keeping a very strong focus to ensure that we take the 
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 7 of 16 
 
 
 
full opportunity of any growth taking place. We are well prepared for that 
through our own marketing as well as through our distribution partners.  
Coming to the European market, I would say that there are three major 
segments which we operate apart from our rigging and servicing which is there. 
One is the elevator market which is fairly stable. And as a part of the new model 
which I mentioned in my opening remarks, that is something which we were 
supplying the strands from India to our UK plant and then finishing and 
supplying the ropes to our customers in Europe. I am happy to say that we have 
been able to convince them, they have come and looked at our facilities that 
yes, we are equally competent to supply the entire products from India. And 
that has already started from this month. So that is something gradually both 
the plants would be supplying but as the India ramps up, we will be supplying. 
So, this is going to help us not only be able to get a bigger market share but 
also help us to reduce the working capital in the business as the double freight 
and as the direct supplies improve from India.  
Secondly, on the fishing market, we have been able to establish a fairly strong 
market base through our BS UK facility. There also, 90%-95% of the customers 
are ready to buy the products directly from India. So that is something we have 
started gradually, and I think by September we should be able to ensure that 
everything starts going from here. This is also going to help us to be more 
competitive, faster delivery and be able to be much more faster response to 
the customer needs. The oil and offshore, so this is also a stable market and a 
stable demand.  
The area where we see a lot of competition as well as demand challenges 
coming is the oil and offshore. This is because of the competition and because 
of the lower demand; the competition is being aggressive to trying to get i.e 
everybody's trying to get a pie of the same market. So, we have to be 
competitive. And part of the strategy is to supply directly from India and part 
would be continuously to be producing out of our UK operations.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Sorry to interrupt. So, the competition which you're mentioning which 
geography these competitors are from, is it coming from the South Korean and 
the Chinese market. 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
Chinese are not there. South Korean is definitely an important player in this 
rope industry and there are also the European and the American players, mainly 
the European manufacturers and the Southeast Asian. Chinese are not there in 
this market. So, we don't see any competition from them.  
Dhaval Shah: 
So, the European competition is competing against our Indian cost base? 
Because we are doing part production here in India and sending there, so, there 
is a cost of production difference which is coming when compared to the 
European and despite this they are still competitive. Is my understanding 
correct?  
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 8 of 16 
 
 
 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
If they keep on reducing price, suppose they are supplying at Rs.100 today, and 
tomorrow we are supplying at Rs. 97, because of the lower demand and their 
plants still running, they may want to be aggressive in the market, reduce their 
margin, and keep their plant running. This will also force us to reduce and match 
prices. So, in a weak demand-supply situation, pricing pressures will emerge, 
and we need to maintain our market share and compete on price. This is 
something which will continue in the marketplace. This is a normal business 
phenomenon; when demand is strong, everyone is happy, but when demand 
becomes less, people try to pitch for a lower price. So, you have to compete 
with them. So, as we mentioned earlier, our margins will definitely come down.   
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And with regards to the American mining and Australian mining 
business? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
In this business, our quality is well established and the supplies are continuing 
both to the American and the Australian market. Our endeavor would be to 
slowly keep on pushing the volumes. But I am happy to say that our quality is 
well established now.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So then in terms of the guidance what we had given product wise, we 
might be quite short of it in the wire and strand category. So the current run 
rate of volumes, what we are doing on a quarterly basis, you think next quarter 
we could see some improvement? How is it going? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Overall on the volume front actually for both the ropes as well as the wire and 
strand category, over the nine months we've done quite well, even from a 
topline perspective in wire ropes we saw about 12% growth if you look at the 
nine months and about 10% for this Q3 and wires is well in the nine months, 
about 14% topline growth and strong volume growth as well. Over the next 
year as well with support from these core segments as well as some of these 
other initiatives we talked about that hopefully will reduce our cost base and 
make us more competitive. We do aim to grow by at least 12% overall.  
Dhaval Shah:  
12% for FY26? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
 Yes. The next upcoming year.  
Dhaval Shah: 
So, this year we should be touching overall around 1,90,000 tons in terms of 
total volume for the FY25 the current year by March? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
Yes, we should be able to do that.  
Dhaval Shah: 
1,90,000 and 12% volume growth on 1,90,000 base? 
Rajeev Jhawar:  
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Rajesh Majumder from B&K Securities.   
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 9 of 16 
 
 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I had a question on the margins. How do we read into the 16.6% number that 
we have got this quarter? Because if you are kind of restructuring the UK 
operations and sending from India, there would have been some impact on the 
employee expenses, etc. But that hasn't really come down. So, I assume that 
this would also entail some kind of rationalization of employee costs in UK 
which would actually lead to some more cost going forward. So are we going to 
see more margin pressures on account of these things in the short term before 
we go back to kind of 18% plus levels or have we seen the bottom of the 
margin? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
To be straight to you, I think this is the bottom of the margin. And with the 
various initiatives of “One Usha Martin” where we are looking at rationalizing 
our cost across all our subsidiaries. Also, looking at what I mentioned, a lot of 
activities like shifting back-office to India as well as the new BS UK model where 
instead of taking the wire and strand, we sell finished products. So, all this 
should only help us get better from here. It is a journey from now up to 
September when we will complete all these activities. There is a big 
digitalization program and everybody is coming on a similar platform to ensure 
that all these initiatives are getting implemented. So, I see that things only 
getting better from here.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right sir. And my second question is, I think you have received some kind of 
certification, European certification for the ropeway project that India has been 
talking about. So, any update on the Bharat Mala project and where we stand 
in that?  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
Yes, we have got the CE Certification which is the key certification for any of 
these ropeway manufacturers in Europe to start buying products from us. So 
that we have been able to get it in just about a couple of months ago. So, and 
now we are in touch with all the various projects which are coming up. Having 
said that, let me tell you that while there is a big buzz that these projects will 
all be coming up and I am sure that they will all come up. But there is a very big 
time-lag between the projects getting announced and getting all the approvals 
and the customers ready to buy the products. But this is a major step which 
was important to be able to enable us to get into this business. So having done 
that, we are now closely working with the various projects which are under 
tendering and the customers who are expected to get the orders and hopefully 
we should start getting the business in the coming years.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Just one added question sir here. This certification, does it cover all the global 
gondola project like USA etc. that we are bidding for, does it cover that as well 
the certification or do we have separate certification for this? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
We are supplying mainly for the projects in India. But we supply gondola ropes 
to the US market from our Thailand plant as well as to some of the European 
manufacturers through our Thailand plant. And there are a lot of these special 
lock coil ropes which we supply to the American market, the USA, Canada 
markets also. But those are more for the mining projects which require the 
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 10 of 16 
 
 
 
same ropes but not goes into the ropeway business. Our ropeway business 
focus is mainly in India.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Zaki Nasar, an individual investor.  
Zaki Nasar: 
Congratulations on a very decent set of numbers in globally competitive 
environment. My question is more of a general question regarding your efforts 
to change Usha Martin from a metal converter to a global engineering 
Company. I think all your efforts are going behind this in terms of your sourcing, 
your certifications. I would like to have your thoughts on this. And since you 
have a new logo and got everything under one new logo, your thoughts on these 
transformation on Usha Martin.  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
“One Usha Martin” approach of ours is that we have the manufacturing 
facilities in India and Thailand and then we have our distribution and our service 
and rigging facilities in different parts of the world. These are all integrated with 
us as 100% subsidiaries of Usha Martin. Our next step now is to integrate them 
more closely at the management level as well and explore ways to optimize our 
total costs. So, this is a major exercise we are taking which will help us become 
much more competitive and we would be able to take on competition in a 
bigger way.  
On the engineering front, our global design center is working very closely with 
our manufacturing plants to develop new better-designed products that bring 
better features and products to our customers. We also have a very strong 
machinery division in Ranchi, which is helping us improve the engineering 
capabilities and modernize our plant over a period of time and we are 
strengthening that.  
And these initiatives are all helping us to ensure that our product quality, our 
ability to produce better products with better features and ultimately be 
better than the best in the industry. So, I think all these initiatives are at 
different stages of implementation. And I can only say that in the next 12 
months you will see some of these big improvements showing up. So, we are 
confident to become what you rightly said that what we were steel producer 
more on the steel side and the value addition. But now that we are focusing on 
this, probably we will only get better from here.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Prolin B. Nandu from Edelweiss Public 
Alternatives.   
Prolin B. Nandu: 
A few questions from my side. The first will be on competition. Now, if we look 
at your numbers in terms of margin, both on percentage level as well as EBITDA 
per ton level, and not on a quarterly basis, but from FY21 to FY24, a large part 
of these gains came from some of your subsidiaries, right? This gain also 
coincided with some of the European manufacturers maybe going off-stream 
because of higher energy cost. Now, the energy costs in Europe have stabilized 
and if we look at some of the numbers of your competition as well, they have 
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 11 of 16 
 
 
 
also improved a lot. So, are you seeing a reversal of some of the trends that 
benefited us during the period of high energy cost in Europe? And do you see 
competition sustaining for longer, even if demand factors turns positive? I 
mean, how do you see this trend evolving?   
Rajeev Jhawar: 
In any business, competition is always going to be there. Last 2 years, we have 
seen the demand fairly strong, and that is why everybody was very happy, and 
the prices were fairly decent. But when demand comes down and everybody is 
well prepared to take on to the competition, prices do come under pressure 
and ultimately the margins come under pressure for various people because 
everybody wants their plant to be running at optimum capacity. So, having said 
that, this is the reality of the business. The European market as a whole and 
part of the other international markets are seeing some kind of slowdown, 
which is impacting demand and naturally bringing in more competition.  
What we are doing is to see that where we can optimize our cost with all the 
various initiatives mentioned in the different questions I have answered or in 
my opening statement. We expect to bring down our cost significantly through 
all these initiatives one side, and on the other side, with the various CAPEX 
initiatives which are already underway, part of which is almost done and the 
balance to be completed within the next year, we should be able to prepare 
ourselves to be able to take more market share from the competition, both in 
India and overseas.  
So, if you are looking at bringing down your cost structure in different ways, 
you prepare yourself to take on to the next level of competition, which is 
happening. Having said that, we are going to ensure that with this cost cutting, 
we are again more competitive than our Western as well as the Korean 
suppliers. However, if the market improves, the cost advantage we have 
achieved will continue, and we should be able to get fairly decent margins.  
So, markets are dynamic. We need to put our house in order to be ready for 
any kind of competition. And I am happy to say that we are on track, and by 
September, all these initiatives will be in place.  
Prolin B. Nandu: 
So that is appreciated. I understand that sir. My question was, has some of the 
competition that had gone out of the market due to high energy costs come 
back in? And on the margin also, if I remember it correctly, you were always 
guiding for 18% in percentage terms. Now, as you take on this entire 
transformation journey, are you saying that you will recoup to 18%? Does that 
mean we need to undertake all this cost-cutting just to get back to our original 
level of 18%? Or should we now think about margins also at the next level, not 
in the next quarter, but once the transformation is complete in September? 
Should we be aiming for a margin range of 18% to 20%, higher than what we 
had initially thought about?  
Shreya Jhawar: 
Quarter-on-quarter, of course the situation is dynamic, but if you look at a nine 
month for this particular year, we are still at about 17.7% so, at the 18% EBITDA 
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 12 of 16 
 
 
 
margin levels. So, and as mentioned in one of the previous questions, the 
margins for this quarter, we don't expect it to get any worse from here. We are 
only expected to get better with all of these initiatives. So, I think that the 
guidance that we had given that still holds. And with these initiatives coming 
into effect from Q2, from now in phases, but up to Q2 we do expect things to 
improve.  
Prolin B. Nandu: 
So just on this demand as well, right, in one of the past calls, we had mentioned 
that maybe, I might be getting this number wrong, but 45% to 50% of our 
demand comes from replacement demand, which, in a way has nothing to do 
with new CAPEX coming up or where energy prices in oil and gas are going to 
be. So, does that mix still hold true? And is a large part of this slowdown in 
demand coming from new projects, or is something happening in the 
replacement part of our market as well?  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
The replacement market is almost 80% to 85% of the demand. It is not 50%-
55%, in most products, 80%-85% of the market is replacement. That is point 
number one.  
Point number two, take the oil sector as an example, say Saudi Arabia. If there 
were 350 rigs which are working last year, now, based on the current global 
demand, almost 50 rigs have come down. They have taken out 50 rigs out of 
operation. Naturally, the replacement market for those 50 rigs will not be there. 
It's not a question of new builds. So, when it comes to 85% of the market which 
is replacement holds true. But if the equipments which are in service are taken 
out of service, it will definitely impact the replacement market demand. I am 
just giving as an example.  
However, overall, I would say the replacement market remains fairly strong, and 
in certain sectors like elevators, new builds are also doing well. In most of the 
developing world, the elevator demand is very strong, and both new builds and 
the replacement market are doing well.  
So, to answer your question, 80%-85% of the demand come from 
replacement, and the slowdown is more due to a general economy slowdown 
affecting overall demand. You cannot say that new builds have completely 
stopped, so new builds are also there. But if there is a slowdown in any 
construction activity, naturally, cranes will not be working in those areas.  
Prolin B. Nandu: 
Understood. Thanks, a lot, and all the very best.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Shraddha Kapadia from Share India.   
Shraddha Kapadia: 
So, I had a question with regards to the current capacity utilization. If you could 
provide it for your different segments, and also facility wise, it would be very 
helpful?  
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 13 of 16 
 
 
 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Yes. So, for ropes, in Ranchi as well as overall, about 80% to 85% of our capacity 
would be utilized. In the wires segment, over the years, we have moved out of 
some low-end wires that we used to manufacture when we had the steel 
business as well. So, the capacity utilizations for those remains still lower, at 
around 50% or so.  
For LRPC, our capacity utilization is about 70%- 75%. As we get into more 
plasticated LRPC as well, more of the capacity would shift to make those as 
opposed to the regular LRPC.  
If you want a bit more detail on the breakdown, we can always take it offline for 
various different factories and different categories.  
Shraddha Kapadia: 
Okay. Also, I just wanted to understand the Parvat Mala project which is 
expected to come up. So, are we the only one having the certification in India 
for this? And also how much would be approximate potential which we can 
expect for the Parvat Mala project for us?  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
As of today, we are the only Company with the manufacturing capability to 
produce these ropes. To the best of our knowledge, we are also the only 
Company in India with CE Certification for this.  
Having said that, on the demand side, it depends on how soon projects receive 
final approval and when the projects start getting to a stage where they start 
building these projects. I personally feel there is a good demand, but it is more 
medium to long term rather than short term. When you initiate such a project, 
it typically takes three to four years before you even start supplying the first 
rope. Because that is the last part of the Parvat Mala project. Suppose a project 
needs wire rope, so that is something which is required right at the end of the 
commissioning of the project. So, this will all happen.  
We are preparing ourselves with the certification, we have the plant capability 
and we are talking to all these customers, including the Government 
authorities. We expect to secure a decent share, but this will all happen in the 
medium to long term, I guess.   
Shraddha Kapadia: 
So, we are doing this “One Usha Martin” initiative, if you could just give a 
ballpark number for the expected margin improvement which we expect, it's 
not like exact-exact. But if we can just give a ballpark number, that would be 
very helpful.  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
Basically, you see, margins don't just come from reducing costs. It also depends 
on the selling price and the competition. As we said in the previous question, 
this quarter’s numbers are probably at the bottom, things will only start getting 
improved from here. But by cutting cost, margins just don't improve. You need 
to continue increasing your volume and get the right price for the product, 
which also depends on competition.  
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 14 of 16 
 
 
 
So having said that, as Shreya mentioned, our average has been close to 18%. 
That is something which we feel is the base at which we would be working. Let's 
see how the end-market prices, volumes, demand and the benefit of these 
costs ultimately span out.  
So that is something that may not be proper for me to give you an exact 
number. It is best to see that how things unfold, as we are in a very uncertain 
global scenario, and we all need to understand that we need to prepare 
ourselves to face this competition.  
Shraddha Kapadia: 
Just for my understanding. So, if you are not giving margin numbers but this 
will surely help us reduce the working capital days.  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
Of course, it is going to help us reduce our working capital significantly.  
Shreya Jhawar: 
To the working capital point, I just wanted to mention that as we said, we are 
optimizing the Brunton Shaw model, right. So earlier when we were supplying 
wires and stands from India then it would take the transit time to go to the UK 
then be an inventory before it could get converted into rope. Now with the 
direct shipments that have started from India, we will obviously reduce the 
working capital cycle and also that would help faster deliveries to the customer. 
So, working capital definitely is an important piece in this overall thing which 
we're trying to optimize.  
Shraddha Kapadia: 
That was quite helpful, thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Ishika Bajaj from Helios Capital Asset 
Management Private Limited.   
Ishika Bajaj: 
I just wanted to know if you are getting any rupee depreciation benefits in the 
current quarter from exports? 
Abhijit Paul: 
In the standalone financials there was some impact due to the GBP INR 
exchange rate. But overall, on a consolidated basis there was no impact. 
Actually, there was a slight gain in the CFS books.  
Ishika Bajaj: 
Okay.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Dikshi Jain from Invest Savy PMS.  
Dikshi Jain: 
So, part of my question is answered but on the LRPC side just wanted to know 
the margin profile and the asset turn. So, because the LRPC volume is around 
25% to 30%. 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
The material margin is close to Rs. 12,000 to 13,000 per ton. And so, the 
difference between the rod price and the ex-work selling price and our cost of 
production would be close to Rs. 7,500 per ton which includes the entire direct 
cost of production. So, the margins are fairly low. If you look at it, the 
contribution itself is around Rs. 4,000 to 4,500 per ton.  
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 15 of 16 
 
 
 
Shreya Jhawar: 
This is for the regular LRPC. 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
This is for the regular LRPC which is the majority of the volume today.  
Dikshi Jain: 
Okay, so on the LRPC side, can we say that this is fairly a replacement for TMT 
bars or TMT kind of saria in infrastructure and buildings? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
I don't know what the TMT margins are but these are the very-very thin margins. 
We are not into the TMT market, so I am not aware of what their margins are. 
But when it comes to our product these are our margins.  
Dikshi Jain: 
No, I'm saying replacement, not margins.  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
No, these are two different markets altogether. Where saria is used, it doesn't 
get replaced. Saria has a much wider application. LRPC is mainly used for post 
tensioning special applications, mainly in high-rise buildings, large bridges, high 
speed railway projects and nuclear power projects. So, these don't replace 
saria. These are post-tensioning designs that are decided, they are designed by 
the contractors, mainly formed by the consultants for these applications. That 
is where our LRPC is used.  
Dikshi Jain: 
Okay and one broader question on the slowdown in demand in Europe, Korea 
side, in our country also. What are the indicators you are seeing that the 
demand will improve in future? What are the indicators you are seeing or watch 
out for?  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
I think investment in infrastructure across the country is very important. The 
real estate as well as the bridges and other projects are there, but we are seeing 
a slowdown in new orders and even the Government’s implementation of these 
projects. So, we have to see that when these projects get announced and when 
the activities start. We'll have to wait and watch to see how things unfold. 
Internationally, with the current slowdown and recession in Germany and the 
UK, we see that in certain sectors the demands is low. So, we have to wait and 
see whether these Governments and economies start spending again. When 
that happens, infrastructure projects will pick up, and our business will start 
getting gaining traction.  
Dikshi Jain: 
Okay. And the margins, you already alluded that we are at the bottom of the 
margin. So due to this cost cutting measures and the further expansion in some 
facility, we can see the margin improvement, right, when the demand will pick 
up? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
I think I have already answered this question that this is the bottom of it. Let's 
see, based on all these initiatives and how the selling price and how the demand 
pans out, we expect as of today, this to be the bottom. We should only see an 
improvement going forward from here.  
Dikshi Jain: 
And just the last question on the LRPC side, what are the initiatives that you 
are taking to increase the volume in this segment? Because continuously we are 
USHA 
MARTIN 

 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 FY25 Earnings Call  
  Page 16 of 16 
 
 
 
seeing year-over-year the volume is decreasing. So, what's your view on the 
LRPC kind of revival in the volume?  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
I don't see the LRPC as a commodity. Our whole objective is to convert as much 
as possible into plasticated and galvanized LRPC, which provides much higher 
value addition. The demand for LRPC is directly linked to projects, especially 
the various Government projects, bridges and infrastructure projects, which 
are currently subdued. There is also a lot of competition in this area, and the 
prices are very competitive. I don't see the Company focusing on this as an area 
for growth in the future. All margin growth for LRPC will come from how much 
we are able to convert into plasticated and galvanized LRPC. Having said that, 
plasticated and galvanized LRPC is not a commodity. They are project-driven, 
depending on how these specialized projects get commissioned both in the 
country and overseas. We are doing around 300 tons a month and expect this 
should improve in the next financial year. A lot of projects are in the enquiry or 
finalization stage, but it all depends on how these projects finally get into order. 
So, we don't see a long-future for simple LRPC in terms of margin and volume. 
But definitely, the more we are able to convert to the other varieties, we will be 
better off as an organization.  
Dikshi Jain: 
We are not seeing the future CAPEX also? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
No CAPEX at all. Zero CAPEX.  
Dikshi Jain: 
Okay, got it.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as our last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments.  
Rajeev Jhawar: 
I would like to thank everyone for attending this call and showing interest in 
Usha Martin Limited. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. 
The Company is dedicated to creating value for all its stakeholders in a 
sustainable manner. Should you need any further clarification or would you like 
to know more about the Company, please feel free to reach out to us or CDR 
India. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call and see 
you all in the next quarter.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of Usha Martin Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The 
transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
USHA 
MARTIN 
