 
Mastek Limited 
804/805, President House, Opp. C. N. Vidyalaya, Near Ambawadi Circle, Ahmedabad – 380 006 
Tel: +91-79-2656-4337 | Email: info@mastek.com | Web: www.mastek.com | CIN: L74140GJ1982PLC005215 
 
 
SEC/114/2024-25                                                                                                             January 22, 2025 
  
  
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai-400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 523704  
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
SYMBOL: MASTEK  
ISIN: INE759A01021 
 
 
Dear Sir(s) / Ma'am(s), 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call held on the financial performance for the Quarter 
ended December 31, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call held on the financial performance 
for the quarter ended December 31, 2024, conducted on January 16, 2025, for your information and 
records. 
 
The Transcript of the conference call can also be accessed from the website of the Company at 
https://www.mastek.com/investor-financial-information/  
 
 
 Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Mastek Limited  
 
 
 
Dinesh Kalani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/A 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar Kalani
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar Kalani 
Date: 2025.01.22 
20:06:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
  
“Mastek Limited 
 
Q3 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 16, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. UMANG NAHATA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER– 
MASTEK LIMITED  
 
MR. ARUN AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MASTEK LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK JAGTAP – E&Y INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Mastek Limited Q3 FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator, by pressing star and then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pratik Jagtap from E&Y Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Pratik Jagtap: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good day to all of you. Welcome to Q3 FY'25 earnings call of Mastek 
Limited. The results and presentation have already been mailed to you, and you can also view it 
on our website, www.mastek.com. 
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have the top management 
of Mastek, represented by Umang Nahata, CEO; and Arun Agarwal, CFO. Umang will start the 
call with a business update, which will be followed by Arun providing the financial update for 
the quarter. Post that, we will open the floor for Q&A session.  
As usual, I would like to remind you that anything that is said on this call that reflects any outlook 
for the future, or which can be construed as forward-looking statements must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are 
included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and 
subsequent annual report that you can find on our website.  
Having said that, I will now hand over the call to Umang Nahata. Over to you, Umang. 
Umang Nahata: 
Thank you, Pratik. Welcome, everyone, to the quarter 3 results of Mastek Limited. Good 
afternoon. For this quarter, we delivered a revenue performance of $103 million, which reports 
a 9.4% year-over-year growth in US dollar terms. As you know, this Q3 is a furlough quarter. 
Given our nature of business, furlough is a pretty strong impacting area for us. And in spite of 
more than expected furlough, we've been able to hold our revenue at a steady rate. 
On the order book front, we had a very healthy quarter, and our order book or our 12-month 
order backlog now stands at $250 million. I'm also very glad to report to all of you that we very 
recently, this week itself, won another very large deal in one of our secured government services. 
It's a $40 million-plus deal that actually moves our 12-month backlog or grows it by another 8% 
or 9% as we move forward. 
Continuing with our UK business, our UK business overall is really firing all cylinders and all 
guns. Our secured government services, as I mentioned earlier, continues to do well. We not 
only are securing renewals of a big block of the business that we continue to hold, but also 
continue to win new departments and new programs. So, we won another significant new work 
with another significant new department earlier this quarter, which should expand our overall 
footprint with the secured government services. 
Our healthcare business in UK, as we had mentioned in the last quarter, is seeing a strong revival 
and continues to have strong tailwinds and is really going very well. The new government 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
continues to invest in healthcare, and we are seeing a lot of direct investment driven towards us, 
and that continues to drive strong momentum in this quarter, and we have a positive outlook 
going forward also. 
Our private sector business in UK and Europe, which has been an area that we have been trying 
to really build and grow over the last few quarters, is now really turning a corner. We've had 
good growth in our private sector business in this quarter. We actually won two of our largest 
deals in private sector in this quarter, one in UK, one in Europe and one across Oracle and the 
other across digital services. So, the private sector business, which is the third leg of our UK 
business, is now really starting to build up, and we actually are looking forward to a positive 
outlook going forward, too. Overall, our outlook for our UK business continues to be very 
positive, and we are looking forward to a really strong business going forward as we move into 
Q4 and the next year. 
On North America, we had a steady quarter. As you would all remember, we had an extremely 
high growth quarter in Q2, around 18% plus growth quarter. And now we are backing that up 
with a steady growth quarter in this year, which is around 1.5% growth. So, the overall growth 
story continues to be steady as we expect it to be, and we are really trying to put it up, consolidate 
it well as we build it together. 
While the healthcare business in North America continues to do really well, we had another 
steady growth quarter, both in terms of new customer acquisitions as well as expansion in our 
existing customer businesses that we have in healthcare in North America. Our overall outlook 
for North America as we consolidate the capabilities we have acquired over the last few quarters 
and really build our synergies together as we will have steady growth in North America for the 
coming few quarters. And we really will start realizing our expected full potential growth starting 
H1 of next year.  
As far as our focus and priority of business is concerned, Mastek is taking a full steering control 
on its AI priorities, and we are really driving an AI-first approach in the organization across all 
of our businesses and services. As I mentioned earlier, we're taking a 3-pillar approach to our 
AI strategy. The first pillar really driving innovation and automation internal to Mastek across 
all of our service lines. The second pillar is creating an AI engineering practice, which we'll be 
launching in January. And the third pillar is launching a small language development or SLM 
practice, which we’ll also be launching in January. 
The AI developments are also supporting all of our existing capabilities phenomenally. So, in 
December, we launched ADOPT.AI, which is one of the most advanced Oracle Cloud 
implementation methodology, which will help our customers across all phases of the 
implementations from testing to development to configuration and documentation. And we 
really hope to expand our market within the Oracle implementation services using ADOPT.AI. 
On the Salesforce front, we are now a qualified Agentforce partner. It's a product that Salesforce 
launched earlier in the year. And we are one of their early Agentforce partners that we have been 
qualified as. And not only have we become a qualified partner, we are also running Agentforce 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
use cases with quite a few of our existing customers. And we are really looking forward to 
delivering those and then using those reference cases as built up for growing our Salesforce and 
Agentforce business as we go forward. 
We also saw good development of AI in our data business. We recently launched our AI-led 
data modernization tool called Lightbeam, and I'm very happy to share that we won our first deal 
on Lightbeam in this quarter. And Lightbeam continues to spearhead our AI growth, not just in 
North America but taking it globally from providing services and solutions. 
All in all, I think we are definitely continuing to focus on the priority area that we had, which is 
across Oracle, digital Salesforce and data. All of our businesses are taking AI-first turn, and we 
are looking at AI sharpening our edge across all of our practices. And our vertical focus on 
healthcare as well as SGS continues to be a priority from a vertical standpoint. With that, I'll 
hand over the call to Arun who will share more details around our financial performance. Arun, 
over to you. 
Arun Agarwal: 
Thank you, Umang. Good day to everyone on the call. I will cover a few financial highlights for 
the quarter, and thereafter we can take your questions very specific to the quarter performance 
and more you want to understand about the Mastek performance going forward.  
We reported revenue of INR 870 crores for the quarter. It's up 10.9% year-on-year in INR terms. 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, it reflects 0.2% growth, again in INR terms, while it is broadly 
flat in constant currency. This is after taking impact of furlough, which was more pronounced 
than what we initially envisaged at the beginning of the quarter. We are pleased with our 
performance across region. As Umang mentioned upon, we are continuously focusing upon our 
strategic priorities. The healthcare performance continues to be much healthier. It has grown 
19% quarter-on-quarter and 30% year-on-year. 
As we have been focusing upon quality of our clients across the regions, very specifically in the 
AMEA, we have been able to reduce consistently our tail accounts. And as we stand in current 
quarter, our client count has come down to 351 versus 436 a year ago. This is helping us to 
increase our revenue per customer and focus upon the quality which we can deliver on a 
sustainable basis to our clients. We added 10 new logos during the quarter. So again, focusing 
upon the kind of clients which we are onboarding who we can grow to a much larger size and 
scale as we take them into digital transformation journey.  
Our 12-month order backlog stood at $250 million, broadly flat quarter-on-quarter in constant 
currency. As Umang mentioned, we have just received another deal of $40 million in UK SGS. 
It's a renewal with 20% to 25% net new included into it. We'll deliver it over the period of 2 
years. It helps expanding our backlog 12 months by 8% to 9%.  
Our operating EBITDA for the quarter was at 16.2%. It reflects a reduction of 30 bps quarter-
on-quarter. This is after absorbing the salary hike, which we gave to certain part of our 
employees in August last quarter and to the balance organization effective October, which has 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
led to impact in EBITDA of approximate 160 bps. And also, we have seen some currency 
headwinds during the quarter, with GBP depreciating versus dollar.  
We are pleased that our US business has delivered double-digit margin, which we have been 
talking consistently, and that was one of our endeavours. We believe we are moving in the right 
direction. You would have seen UK margin has seen some reduction, which is more reflection 
of our cost of ramp, furlough and also some partial currency headwinds. 
Our profit after tax for the quarter was at INR 94.7 crores, which is up 21.8% year-on-year. 
Since there were exceptional income, both in quarter 3 and quarter 2, if we remove it and 
normalize our performance, our profit after tax for the quarter would stand at INR 88.4 crores 
versus INR 85.6 crores in quarter 2, again seeing a consistent growth on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis. 
Our gross cash was INR 497 crores. We had a really good quarter in terms of collection, and we 
have been able to bring our DSO down from 96 days to 89 days, and the same is getting reflected 
in the free cash which we have generated. And this INR 497 crores cash is after one loan 
prepayment we have done, which is approximately INR 45 crores. So, cash addition in the 
quarter was actually much larger. Consequently, our borrowing stood at INR 602 crores as of 
31st December versus INR 641 crores in September.  
Our closing headcount was 5,260 versus 5,505 in September '24. This is after a consistent focus 
on improving productivity and driving better outcome for our customers at the same time. Our 
utilization dropped to 74.4%, including trainees versus 78.4% in the previous quarter. Again, 
this is the reflection of the higher leaves, which is both led by festivals, holidays and also client 
furloughs during the quarter. Thank you, everyone. Looking forward to your continued trust and 
support in Mastek. Going back to the moderator to open the house for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Karan from Monarch AIF. 
Karan: 
Sir, as we go into FY'26, if you can just throw some light on how the demand environment 
currently looks like from the UK? Have the digital programs from the Home Office, NHS started 
to see some accelerated spending? And what would be our ideal growth rate going forward in 
each of our geographies? That's my first question, sir. 
Umang Nahata: 
Karan, thanks for your question. So, as I mentioned, we will definitely be entering UK in FY'26 
with a very healthy backlog. And therefore, our expectations for growth will be quite high in 
UK. Having said that, from an overall macro point of view, NHS definitely, or healthcare 
continues to be a key spend area for UK government. There's a lot of revival in spend there, 
especially around prevention as well as data-driven decision-making. 
And we are seeing good participation in both of those lines of services or solutions that we're 
offering to the UK healthcare government. As far as the secured government services and private 
sector is concerned, there also, the government is now taking good control. They've gone through 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
renewals of a lot of existing work that we have. And as we renew most of our existing book of 
business, our aim and endeavour would be to now go after newer departments and expand our 
business beyond the current books that we have, which would have already secured by the end 
of the year. So, in general, UK will continue with a healthy growth rate.  
As far as US is concerned, again, the parts of the business is, there's a positive outlook. People 
will believe that the economy is taking a positive turn. At least, the outlook for the economy is 
positive, although a little unpredictable as we all see it. But we believe the economy will take a 
positive outlook and support the overall economic growth. From a Mastek standpoint, like I 
mentioned earlier, we are consolidating all the capabilities that we have had in our US business. 
As we consolidate, our growth rates will fluctuate a little high and low over the next 2-3 quarters. 
And our vision is by the time we get into H2 of next year is where we will start really delivering 
a steady and full potential growth that we hope in the US. 
Karan: 
Just on the AMEA part, we see that this quarter, our margin declined quite a lot. So, if you can 
just throw some light on why did this exactly happen? And sir, on the US bit, how do we see 
margins inching up from here on? We see that 13% EBIT margins. Do we see there is some 
more room for improvement? And if yes, what would be the key drivers for that? 
Arun Agarwal: 
Karan, thanks for the question. In the AMEA, as I mentioned, we are consistently focusing upon 
taking the tail accounts off. Obviously, that's a process in which, we have to ensure some margin, 
we have to sacrifice that sometimes to make those projects go live much sooner than it was 
expected. And also comes at a cost, certain times because you can't discuss change request 
because we just want to finish it off and move into the larger clients. 
Keeping those focus on, there are certain costs, which we had to take into the P&L. Now also, 
there is some PDT profile in the geography because while the collection is good, but there are 
certain clients where there's a delay. And as per the accounting norms, we have to take certain 
provisions in the book. So, all put together, our focus in the geography is to focus on the account 
mining, focus on the right client base. And, thereafter, improve the quality and the margin from 
those accounts. So, you will see consistent basis, there's a margin improvement which will 
happen out there.  
On the US side, again, we are really pleased with double-digit margin profile here. Is there 
scope? Yes, answer there is definitely scope of 100 bps to 200 bps improvement further from 
here. But at the same time, we are focusing upon growth. US is one of our growth levers. And 
we really want to ensure the growth is achieved without too much focusing upon improving the 
margins from here. So, I'll be happy from the margin profile perspective. But given the balance, 
we'll prefer more growth than looking for more margin expansion from here. 
Karan: 
And if I can just squeeze in one more. How do you see the spend happening across people -- or 
enterprises adopting Oracle, Salesforce, both on the cloud front as well as shifting away from 
on-premise? Because I understand that would have a major impact for us as implementors. So, 
if you can throw some light on how the spending has improved on the enterprise level in both 
geographies, sir? 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Umang Nahata: 
So, Karan, spend on Oracle, Salesforce, data and digital modernization continues to be high. 
Especially the packaged applications, Oracle, Salesforce continue to do really well in terms of 
spend. Our net new customer acquisition in Oracle continues to be healthy especially in US as a 
geography, and Europe also. So, we continue to see good demand for net new consumption 
there. 
Our Salesforce business is currently relying more on growing the business within our existing 
accounts. Our net new engine is something that we're working on to develop the net new 
customer engine in Salesforce, but our Salesforce business is largely focused on growing our 
business within the current customers that we have. 
Having said that, with the change and the turn that AI is taking on both of these applications and 
the customer expectations as well as the potential business outcomes really changing, I strongly 
believe that the demand for Oracle, Salesforce as well as data applications will go up 
phenomenally in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
Umang, you mentioned about the improving dynamics in the UK geography and also in the UK 
government and UK private. So, if you can comment upon how the spend pattern has changed 
maybe in the last 6 months in terms of deal sizes, in terms of decision-making? And also, we 
had plans to enter into newer departments. So, which are the new departments that we are 
targeting within the UK government? 
And in continuation to the UK government, we're also seeing NHS recovering. We have the deal 
on the defence side. So, if you can elaborate on the specifics of what's going to drive the growth, 
maybe for the next year from the UK government. And then you also mentioned that we have 
won the second largest deal in the UK private sector. So some more clarity or some more colour 
on that? What was that related to? And how the pipeline is looking there? 
Umang Nahata: 
Sure, Amit. So, as I said, our outlook in UK is definitely very positive. And on the secured 
government side, from a spend point of view, the government is clearly looking at driving budget 
efficiencies as well as trying to choose their partners who could deliver long-term success for 
them. There's also a clear mandate of driving or enhanced drive of digital as well as AI 
transformation in government and health. 
Applying this to our business, for us, we have been able to secure a large portion of our current 
book of business, and we continue to really look forward to secure all of it by the end of this 
fiscal. That's what we had really aimed for. And then we are really looking to go after securing 
new departments. We've secured one pretty decent sized new department in this quarter, a $10 
million-plus deal in this quarter in a new department, opening up one new account. And we will 
continue to focus on opening more doors and more accounts, which could be both new 
departments as well as new programs in the existing departments that we work for.  

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
The healthcare business, like I mentioned earlier, is largely focused on driving efficiencies in 
the UK healthcare, which is with more prevention as well as driving more data-driven decision-
making. And we are seeing a lot of data business coming our way, which is primarily in the 
healthcare sector but also in the financial services sector, with Bank of England and a few other 
customers really continuing to do quite well. So that's the scene on healthcare.  
On the private sector side, we won two good new deals. One of them is the renewal of our 
business for the next 2 years with an upside to it. And the second is a larger phase 2 global rollout 
followed by the phase 1 work that we had done for our customers. Both these deals in their 
respective areas are amongst the largest deals that we have won in private sector. 
We continue to see a very healthy momentum, so our pipeline in all the three sectors also looks 
very healthy. And we're looking forward to a positive order book in Q4 and going forward. 
Amit Chandra: 
On the UK side, do we have any scope in terms of margin expansion, maybe some offshoring 
that we can do in terms of the UK government contracts for which we have been working the 
last many years? And also, how do you see the sub-con panning out? So, is there a possibility of 
margin expansion in the UK government? Then we'll move to US after this. 
Umang Nahata: 
So as far as the margin expansion in UK is concerned, so there are two parts to the story. First 
of all, like I said, some of these extremely large deals are coming at a cost of margin, especially 
as the government renews larger contracts. So, for example, the recent contract that I mentioned 
that we won a couple of days back, it's a 20% expansion in our current book of business. 
However, there has been pressure in terms of doing it more efficiently. As an organization, we 
are looking at various means of maintaining our margin profile, which has various initiatives, 
right, from, like you said, offshoring, relooking at our resource pyramid, moving from sub-con 
to employees and things like that. 
So, our endeavour is to really hold our UK margin. It's a very healthy margin business. And our 
endeavour is to bring ourselves back and hold to that margin levels at which we are. I don't think 
there's a large possibility of expanding margin from there onwards. We will not be doing justice 
to our customers if we start charging more than what we are doing in UK. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And on the US geography, obviously, we are seeing things improving. But last time you 
mentioned about that we are trying to get more managed services deals there, which will improve 
the visibility in terms of the growth and obviously now stable margins. So, any progress on that? 
And also, now we have expanded the margins in the US geography. 
So, do we require more investments there or the investments are largely through or we can see 
the growth coming and the margins also at least be in the mid-teens range for the US geography? 
Umang Nahata: 
So, Amit, you are very right, our focus in the US is to really take our business to steady repeatable 
business, which is going to be coming through managed services and T&M business. And as I 
mentioned earlier, we are integrating all of our capabilities across Oracle, Data, Digital and 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Salesforce. So, we have a full bouquet of services that we can take to our existing customers and 
start winning more steady long-term T&M and managed services kinds of business with them. 
Having said that, really building managed service or T&M businesses, which are decent size and 
magnitude in terms of book will take us some time. And like I said earlier, we are expecting that 
as we get into closer to H1, next year is when we would have made some significant change in 
terms of our profile of business from projects to more tending towards managed services or 
T&M kind of businesses. 
On the margin front in US, I think most of these savings were very much available, and they 
have been made without any impact to growth or any of our growth investments. We are at a 
healthy rate of S&M investment in US, and we think our S&M investments is good enough to 
really drive the kind of growth and vision that we expect in the US. 
So, I expect our US margins to stay in the mid-teens, and it gives us enough cushion to really 
drive the growth that we need. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Soumitra Chatterjee from Avendus Spark Institutional 
Equities. 
Soumitra Chatterjee: 
Just two questions. This $40 million deal is not included in the $250 million order book and will 
be included from fourth quarter onwards? Is that a right interpretation? 
Umang Nahata: 
That is correct, Soumitra. 
Soumitra Chatterjee: 
Okay. And this $40 million is completely the expanded part of this 20 to 25%, which is the net 
new or this includes the renewal as well? 
Umang Nahata: 
It includes renewal and with the 20% expansion. So, $40 million has 80% renewal and 20% 
expansion. 
Soumitra Chatterjee: 
Okay. And from an incremental point of view of US, are you also seeing a shortened deal cycle 
that some of the larger peers are seeing wherein probably your order book starts converting at a 
faster rate? 
Umang Nahata: 
I don't know. We haven't seen anything specific like that, that the deal cycles have shortened. 
Again, the kind of deals and kind of deal cycles that we are experiencing are different from what 
the larger players experience. Our deals are still more in the midsize, more project-based deals 
right now. 
And therefore, we haven't seen any change in deal cycle for us in the US right now. But with 
initiatives around AI, initiatives around AI-led efficiency and growth, the amount of activity and 
discussions that we're having have definitely gone up with our customers. 
Soumitra Chatterjee: 
Okay. And just one last question on the sequential decline in the headcount, I think Arun said, 
it is about increasing productivity. From an annual perspective, if you are requiring lesser 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
number of people to drive revenue growth, generally, does it translate into a pricing pressure 
typically from clients 6-9 months down the line? 
Because you are not adding employees, but the revenue you are estimating to grow by a 
particular number. So, the productivity gains, will it be retained by the vendor or it will be passed 
on? 
Umang Nahata: 
Soumitra, there are two aspects to the revenue decline. One, definitely, there were businesses 
that we had where we had the revenue per resource was very low, especially in our AMEA kind 
of business. And those are businesses that we are walking away from now. We believe our 
potential of executing higher revenue per resource very much exists. And we have to look at the 
right orders and right kind of businesses there. 
That's one reason for which it's a systematic and intentional reduction of headcount without 
impacting revenue because we are looking at businesses that could deliver a higher revenue per 
resource. The other thing that you would see coming in the future is as we really sharpen our 
internal AI execution, which is starting from Q4 and onwards in terms of some of the tangible 
assets that we have developed. 
We definitely feel the ability for the organization to do more with lesser headcount is growing 
with every passing day and every passing week. So, we haven't really transformed those into 
tangible numbers yet, but from the outlook that we see, we think there's going to be a pretty 
decent change in terms of our ability to do more with less headcount. I think that's what our 
customers are also expecting us to do. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nikhil from Kizuna Wealth. 
Nikhil: 
Sir, my first question is on like, we have the ample headcount that is reducing like year-on-year 
and quarter-on-quarter. And last quarter, we said that we are looking for additions in the -- 
headcount addition is anticipated. So, are we going to add to headcount in H1 of FY'26? So that 
is my first question, sir. 
Umang Nahata: 
Sorry, Nikhil, we lost the last part of your question. Can you repeat the second half of your 
question, please? 
Nikhil: 
Sir, so as our headcount is reducing, and we are anticipating a huge growth, and in the US, we 
are anticipating growth from H1. So, are we anticipating headcount growth in H1 of FY'26? 
Umang Nahata: 
So, like I said, Nikhil, there will be definitely growth in headcount in selected areas where we 
have planned to grow. So,  our current reduction in headcount was more from businesses, which 
had lower revenue per resource, which is largely in our AMEA kind of businesses. So, that we 
are rebalancing. 
And we will see a headcount growth in the right area. So, our US services, our UK businesses 
will see growth in headcount to deliver those. Having said that, the rate of headcount growth 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
versus the rate of revenue growth, proportions will change as we start applying more and more 
AI to our internal execution. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. So, we can expect like exponential growth in revenue with comparison to headcount. So 
that's great to hear, sir. Secondly, as we are going for increasing the wallet share from our top 
30 clients. And we are reducing our long tail in the AMEA region. So how much reduction in 
active clients can we expect? 
Arun Agarwal: 
Again, it's a consistent effort. As we have mentioned,  if you recollect, we used to be 400-plus 
accounts. And what we have said that to double the revenue from here or maybe 2.5x of revenue 
from where we are at this point of time, which can be done with the similar client base. 300 to 
350 is a good client base. So again, that's a process which will continue. 
We'll keep gaining new accounts, which are much more scalable from the revenue perspective, 
and we'll keep on removing the tail accounts. So that's a continuous process, which will happen 
in the process. And you will see that revenue per person is growing, as it has been happening in 
the last 2-3 quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Just few questions. So one is on your other expenses, we have seen a lot of hike, and your 
employee headcount is decreasing, but still your employee cost is sort of trending in the same 
line as revenue. So, how do you see these costs because the costs have actually grown quite 
handsomely in the last 9 months? 
Arun Agarwal: 
Again, two points. One is when you are seeing other cost increasing quarter-on-quarter 
specifically, it is also the function because a lot of growth that we are seeing, we are seeing in 
health and also in SGS in UK. There a lot of work is happening through security cleared 
resources and by nature, they work in the contractual models. 
So rather than increasing the employee cost, that change is reflected into the cost of 
subcontractor, which is reported under other expenses. So that's the main reason you are seeing 
the increase, which is happening into the other cost. And you would have noticed quarter-on-
quarter, there is a decrease in the employee cost at the same time. 
And your observation is right, that's the combination. But on a consistent basis, you will see the 
employment cost is increasing because, one, based on increment which has happened, right? So, 
if you compare versus 9 months and 6 months, you will see there's increase in the employment 
costs. But the quarter is more the reflection of increase in subcontractors and not the employee 
headcount at the same time. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
AMEA margins are very low at 1% this quarter. So, are they expected to revert to the normal 
range going forward at 10% to 11%? 
Umang Nahata: 
Yes, Sarvesh, that's our full intent. And we are looking at taking AMEA to a double-digit margin 
performance. But it will take a couple of quarters before which we get there. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And similarly, on the UK, EU business, you said that we are expecting to hold on to the 
margins that we are having. Now these margins have come down. So, is this 20%-21% a new 
normal going forward? Or you are expecting to go back to at least 24% odd which we had last 
year? 
Arun Agarwal: 
So again, two things will happen, Sarvesh, there. In the short term, more 20%-21% kind of a 
margin profile, obviously, there will be some plus and minus quarters depending upon when you 
are doing the ramp, right? So, the kind of deal wins we are seeing in the public sector and the 
health in the UK, that leads to a lot of onshore hiring. 
Obviously, in the quarter in which those hirings are happening, the margin profile will be 
subdued. And the quarter in which you fully ramp up will have a better margin profile. So, you 
will see kind of mix happening, but 20% to 22% is a good range, I would say, at this point of 
time. 
And also, be mindful, the GBP to INR and GBP to USD has been depreciating significantly, 
which has not been factored yet. So, depending upon how the currency headwind flows, there 
could be certain plus and minus out there as well. So that's something which is not in control, 
but we have to keep watching how they impact our numbers as such. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Hasmukh from Tata Mutual Fund. 
Hasmukh: 
I have three questions. Firstly, on the order backlog. So, if I look at your previous 4 -5 quarters, 
your order backlog was growing healthily at 15% to 20% on Y-o-Y basis. But this time around, 
it has dipped to almost flattish, though you called out $40 million deal win. But including that 
as well, the growth may be at 8% to 9%. 
So just wanted to get a sense how confident are you to get back to the 15%-20% Y-o-Y growth 
in order book backlog going forward? 
Umang Nahata: 
Yes, Hasmukh, I think the Y-o-Y growth was mostly impacted by our last quarter's performance. 
Last quarter, we had a slower than expected order book growth. This quarter has been decent. 
And we are very confident, by the time we close FY24, we'll be back to the same growth levels. 
Hasmukh: 
Secondly, if I look at your client numbers, on a gross basis, it seems that almost 40 clients you 
have reduced on a quarterly basis. If you could call out any impact because of this from numbers 
perspective on your revenue? 
Umang Nahata: 
So Hasmukh, like we said, the client reduction that we have is very, very planned and 
purposefully executed. These are especially our Oracle business had a lot of tail customers where 
we were doing very small tail businesses for them. We have very purposefully reduced those tail 
customers. 
And we've taken a shift to focus on mid and mid-to-large customers. And that's the reason you 
see a reduction in the number of clients. It is no reflection of reduction in the value of business. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
In fact, our average deal size continues to go up, especially in the Oracle services where it was 
pretty low earlier. 
And that has allowed us to focus better on our customers, focus better on large deals and continue 
to deliver better in terms of client delivery as well as focus on growth. 
Hasmukh: 
And lastly, on currency movement perspective, as we have called out,  this quarter because of a 
wide movement in the currencies, how it impacted your margins in basis points, if you could 
highlight that? 
Arun Agarwal: 
In the current quarter, again, the way everyone reported, and we report as well it's a quarterly 
average from the P&L perspective. So, there is a partial impact which has happened in the 
current quarter. Again, we have to be watchful because at the fag end of the quarter end, you 
would have seen GBP and USD depreciating, much more in a wider way. 
But again, USD/INR and GBP/INR is improving at the same time, so there is a balance which 
is happening. So, I'll be watchful for Q4 to see where significant impact happens or not. In the 
current quarter, it would be in the range of 20 bps to 30 bps impact at the high level, which 
would have happened into the EBITDA profile. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rucheeta from iWealth Management. 
Rucheeta: 
My question was on the service line. So, what I see is that your Data Automation & AI, it has 
been flattish or has degrown. Similar with your Digital Commerce and Experience business, not 
been growing. So, what has been the reason for the same? 
Umang Nahata: 
So Rucheeta, as far as the Data business is concerned, again, we had a couple of customers with 
whom we had some projects business, which as the project business closed, we saw a dip in that 
kind of volume there. Although our endeavour spend, on the data continues to be high. 
And we look forward to a higher growth globally in Data as we move forward into the next 
quarter, especially the work that we are doing with the financial services and healthcare in UK, 
a lot of that is data and AI-driven around Data Bricks. We're also seeing good traction in AMEA 
around our Data business. 
And North America continues to be steady, and it's an area of focus. So, data, while it has had 
current blip in terms of our numbers, but the numbers are so small that even a million dollar 
change can change the percentage sizably. As far as the Commerce business is concerned, that 
is a very fair observation. 
It's been on a slow or, steady decline for some time over the last 4 to 6 quarters. That's because 
the commerce business was largely based on Oracle Commerce and Oracle ATG. Both the 
products have seen defocus from the principal and therefore, even our focus on our Commerce 
business has been more around staying steady. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
And then gradually trying to divert our commerce business to more Digital Engineering or 
Salesforce commerce kind of business, which is much slower as compared to the business that 
we had earlier. So, Commerce, while it is there in focus, but it is not a very high-focus service 
line for us. 
Arun Agarwal: 
Just to complement, overall service line, you will keep seeing improvement because that's the 
overall CX portfolio. And we are also combining multiple other capabilities in addition to 
Salesforce and others. So, while that growth is muted because, as Umang mentioned, there is a 
decline in Commerce part, while Salesforce continues to be healthy. 
So, it’s a balance which is happening as we keep growing other portfolio within that particular 
service line, that will be reflected in the numbers as well. 
Rucheeta: 
Understood. And sir, we've been talking about that going ahead, our headcount would be lower 
basically because of AI and all of that. So, would that mean that it would lead to operating 
leverage for us? Or will we pass it on to our customers to get more wallet share from them? 
Umang Nahata: 
It's going to be actually a bit of both. There is going to be a portion of the efficiencies that we 
find will be passed on to our customers, especially in the initial phase as we really want to build 
the market. But there is going to be certain areas of headcount, which will drive efficiencies and 
margin improvement for us also. 
So, it's going to be a bit of both. What is going to be the share, we are yet to see as we really 
start executing the benefits. We'll see how much can we retain for ourselves and how much do 
we have to pass on to our customers. 
Rucheeta: 
And sir, just one question. On the AI service line, how big do we see this segment to be, let's 
say, in the next 2- 3 years? 
Umang Nahata: 
Rucheeta, if you ask me, indeed, first of all, it's changing so fast, so it's very hard for anybody 
to predict. Two years is a long time in the AI world. But, my feel, we will see a complete 180-
degree shift in the way we do businesses in two years. Digital engineering will become more AI 
engineering. Packaged App development will become more packaged AI use case deployments.  
Foundation Data Models that we build for data modernization will become Small Language 
Development for AI enablement and things like that. So, all the businesses that is prominent 
business today from Digital to Packaged Apps to data will all see significant impact of AI in 
them in the coming years. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Varun Kulkarni from InCred Asset Management. 
Varun Kulkarni: 
Just one small question. I believe Arun sir has resigned from the company. Are we in the process 
of finding a new CFO? I mean, where are we on that particular front? 
Umang Nahata: 
Yes. The CFO search is very actively on. And we have already shortlisted a few candidates 
going through our motions. But having said that, all senior positions have a notice period that 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
has to happen. So, we might see an interim couple of months where we will run with our current 
team that is under Arun. 
We have appointed an adviser who would help us during that period. But our search and 
shortlisting of the candidate is very active. And hopefully, we would have finalized the candidate 
before the end of this month. 
Varun Kulkarni: 
Okay. And one last question, sir, if I may. What is the growth rate that we're anticipating in the 
UK and US region for, say, FY'26 at least for the top line? 
Umang Nahata: 
We're looking for a healthy growth rate. As you know, Varun, we don't share any forward-
looking growth markers, but it's a healthy growth rate that we're looking at, healthier than what 
we have had in the previous quarters or years. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Harsh Chaurasia from Vallum Capital. 
Harsh Chaurasia: 
I have two questions. I think in your opening statement, you mentioned like your private 
healthcare licenses business, it is very strong in North America, where you are finding new 
opportunities. When I just compare it with the larger peers, the commentary on the healthcare 
vertical, they have mentioned there is kind of weakness mainly because of the policy uncertainty. 
So, I am not able to understand why there is a divergence between these two? So, if you can help 
me understand this? 
Umang Nahata: 
Harsh, that's a very, very sharp questioning. So, what's happening is there are different parts of 
the healthcare market, as you know, right? It's the payer, provider and life sciences. A large 
portion of our healthcare portfolio right now comes from the provider space. The provider space 
is where I think the business is still doing well. 
And especially what services we offer is back office, which is driving efficiencies in their 
business. So, any solutions that drive efficiencies is welcome in the back office space, in the 
provider segment. As far as the payer segment is concerned, it's where even we are facing some 
challenges with a few of our customers. 
That's a segment which is going through certain challenges and budget cuts, especially 
discretionary spend is being put to challenge in the payer space. So, depending upon how you 
look at your overall healthcare portfolio, you would see a positive or negative or neutral impact. 
But yes, in the payer segment, there's a bit of challenge in the payers. But luckily in the providers, 
we are on the providing solutions and offerings that drive efficiencies which is what they're 
looking forward to right now. 
Harsh Chaurasia: 
Understood. And second question, sir, basically I wanted to know the nature of the business of 
your customers in the manufacturing vertical, are we focused on energy and utilities, or more on 
industrials? Like where are we majorly focused? 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Umang Nahata: 
It's largely industrial manufacturing. Having said that, we actually also have some utility 
customers, but those are more like ports and things like those or water supply, those kinds of 
customers also. But in the manufacturing, it is largely industrial manufacturing. 
Harsh Chaurasia: 
So, when we see the manufacturing vertical, what are the pockets of spending which you are 
getting, like new opportunities that are coming in this manufacturing vertical? 
Umang Nahata: 
So currently, the manufacturing vertical is largely led by our Oracle services, that's the 
spearhead. So, most of our relationships start with opening the account using Oracle services, 
where we would offer them migration to cloud and from there. But once we've opened a 
customer using Oracle, then we're seeing actually potential across CX and across Data and across 
Digital, all the three areas. 
And now as we move forward, a lot of healthy discussions are also happening around AI and 
especially in this space of hardware, software, integrated AI is where we are also seeing. So, our 
Nvidia partnership is now starting to play in the manufacturing space as we do hardware-
integrated AI POCs for them. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for their 
closing comments. 
Umang Nahata: 
Thank you, everyone, for all your very insightful questions. And again, like I said, we had a 
quarter where we’ve really continued to deliver steady performance, and we look forward to a 
healthy backlog improvement as well as continue to work on growing our top line and margin 
performance over the coming quarters. So, thank you once again to all the analysts for their 
insightful questions and guidance. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Mastek Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
