 
 
KOLTE-PATIL DEVELOPERS LTD. 
CIN: L45200PN1991PLC129428 
Pune Regd. Office: 8th Floor, City Bay, CTS NO. 14 (P), 17 Boat Club Road, Pune-411 001, Maharashtra, India  
Tel.: + 91 20 6742 9200 / 6742 9201  
 Bangalore Office: 121, The Estate Building, 10th floor, Dickenson Road, Bangalore 560042,  India. Tel.: 080- 4662 4444 / 2224 3135/ 2224 2803 
Web.: www.koltepatil.com Email id: vinod.patil@koltepatil.com 
 
To,  
The Assistant Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, ‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 
To,  
The General Manager,  
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
 
1st floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: 19 February 2025 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call held on 12 February 2025 
 
ISIN: Equity: INE094I01018 and Debt: INE094I07049, INE094I07064 and INE094I07072. 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol and Series: KOLTEPATIL and EQ 
        BSE Code and Scrip Code - Equity: 9624 and 532924 
        BSE Security Code and Security Name – Debt: 1. 974771 and KPDLZC33;  
  2. 975276 and KPDL221223; 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
  3. 976030 and 0KPDL34.        
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 47(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith transcript of “Q3 & 9M FY25 
Earnings Conference Call” held on 12 February 2025 at 03.00 PM (IST). 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vinod Patil  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A13258 
VINOD 
EKNATH PATIL
Digitally signed by 
VINOD EKNATH PATIL 
Date: 2025.02.19 
16:03:51 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kolte-Patil Developers 
Limited Q3 and 9 Months FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Smit Shah from Adfactors 
PR. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Smit Shah: 
Thank you, Manav. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
the Q3 and 9M FY '25 Results Conference Call of Kolte-Patil Developers 
Limited. We have with us Mr. Atul Bohra, Group CEO; and Ms. Dipti Rajput, 
Vice President, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I would like to remind 
you that certain statements made in today's discussion may be forward-looking 
in nature and may involve certain risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement 
in this regard is available in the Q3 and 9M FY '25 results presentation that has 
been shared with you earlier.  
I now hand over the call to Mr. Atul Bohra, Group CEO, to begin the 
proceedings of this call. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Smit. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to everyone 
present on this call. Thank you for joining us today to discuss operating and 
financial performance of the Company for the third quarter and nine months 
ended December 31, 2024. 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Let me begin by sharing with you my views on the real estate environment, 
followed by an overview of key developments during the quarter. Dipti will 
then take you through the key financial highlights. Following this, we will open 
the forum for Q&A. 
The residential real estate sector in India reached new milestones in 2024, 
recording its highest annual sales in over a decade. This growth underscores 
the sector’s resilience and the strong appetite of home buyers. Demand 
remained robust across major cities. The recently announced Union Budget 
2025 emphasized inclusive development, economic expansion, and fostering 
private sector participation while maintaining macroeconomic stability. 
Among the notable highlights, income tax relief for the middle class and tax 
benefits for two homes stand out as key drivers that could encourage 
homeownership. Reduction in Repo rate will further enhance affordability and 
favourably impact housing demand. The government’s commitment to 
Housing for All, large-scale infrastructure investments, and a business-friendly 
policy framework are collectively laying a strong foundation for sustained 
expansion across real estate asset classes. In our core markets of Pune, 
Mumbai, and Bengaluru, we continue to see strong customer sentiment and 
absorption rates. 
Let me now take you through the operational performance for the quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2024.  
Our performance over the nine months of FY25 has reached new milestone in 
terms of bookings and collections. Sales bookings reached Rs. 2,161 crore. 
Collections stood at Rs. 1,729 crore, marking a 17% year-on-year growth. This 
performance highlights our commitment to redefining living, enhancing the 
customer’s price-value proposition, and strong execution capabilities. Average 
realizations improved 7% during 9M and we have successfully been able to 
take rational price hikes across projects. As mentioned previously, our 
endeavour is to   balance APR growth and volumes to ensure healthy margins 
across geographies. 
During nine months of the financial year, new launches contributed 
approximately 31% to the total sales value. Our 24K premium luxury segment 
continues to gain momentum, reaffirming the growing demand for aspirational 
living spaces. Here I would like to mention that the Life Republic township 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
project continues to deliver strong performance. During 9MFY25, sales 
volumes at Life Republic (LR) reached approximately ~1.5 million sq ft, 
highlighting the township’s sustained demand and growing appeal among 
homebuyers. Life Republic continues to witness growth in realization which 
has improved by 6% over the same period last year. 
Over time, we have strategically widened our price bracket within the 
township, offering a diverse mix of residential options that cater to a broad 
spectrum of homebuyers. With the township evolving into a well-established 
urban hub offering residential and lifestyle amenities, we remain confident in 
Life Republic’s long-term growth potential. 
In Q3 FY25, our pre-sales value reached Rs. 680 crore, supported by sales 
volumes of 0.81 million sq ft. A key highlight of the quarter was the 
improvement in average realizations, which stood at Rs. 8,394 per sq. ft., 
marking an 11% year-on-year increase. This uptick was primarily on account 
of strong traction in our premium and luxury segments. Higher realizations at 
‘Canvas’ -  project within Life Republic (LR), along with robust demand for 
our 24K projects in Baner and Pimple Nilakh, played a pivotal role in driving 
this growth.  
To further enhance our portfolio, we are actively building our business 
development pipeline that aligns with evolving market preferences in our target 
markets. The business development pipeline remains robust. As you are aware, 
we recently signed a ~22 acres joint development project in Pune with the 
expected GDV of ~Rs. 4,000 crore and potential saleable area of ~5 million 
square feet. It’s a revenue share structure. Strategically located in South-West 
Pune with strong connectivity and proximity to essential social infrastructure, 
this development will strengthen our presence in a high-potential micro-market 
of Pune. This project exemplifies our vision of creating vibrant, community-
centric neighbourhoods, while delivering high-quality living spaces. Likewise, 
we are also focusing on strengthening our presence in Mumbai and Bangalore 
and are constantly evaluating opportunities. 
Moving on to the launches – We are hopeful of launching projects with the 
GDV of ~Rs. 5,000 crore in FY25. Let me dwell a little on this. For our Pune 
projects we have secured most of the approvals and are expecting to receive 
the RERA approval soon. We have mentioned in the past that most of the 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Mumbai launches are slated for Q4. However, we have experience regulatory 
approval delays in the Mumbai projects on account of elections and expect the 
approvals to come through in the coming couple of quarters. Basis this, we 
expect the pre-sales number for the year to moderate marginally.   
Coming to the financials performance, as highlighted earlier we are on track to 
close the year with strong deliveries. During the nine months we recognised 
highest-ever 9 month revenues of Rs. 999 crore. Profitability has been 
improving – 9MFY25 EBITDA and PAT stood at Rs. 69.5 crore and Rs. 41.3 
crore respectively as compared to 9MFY24 EBITDA of Rs. 58 crore and PAT 
of Rs. -42.3 crore.   
Looking ahead, we anticipate the demand momentum to sustain. Additionally, 
as homebuyers, developers, and landowners increasingly seek partnerships 
with reputed brands that offer reliability, quality, and financial strength, KPDL 
is well-placed to capitalize on these opportunities. Our commitment to strong 
financial discipline is reflected in a resilient balance sheet and robust cash 
flows, ensuring that we remain agile in capturing new growth prospects while 
maintaining operational efficiency. Our strong collections, alongside steady 
sales performance and a disciplined approach to project acquisitions, have 
positioned us well for sustained growth.  
With this, I now hand over the call to Dipti to share the financial highlights. 
Dipti Rajput: 
Thank you, Atul. Good afternoon, everyone. I’d now like to take you through 
our financial performance for the quarter and nine months ended 31st 
December 2024. 
Under CCM-based accounting, our Q3 FY25 revenues from operations 
increased to Rs. 349.7 crore from Rs. 75.8 crore in Q3 FY24, driven by higher 
deliveries. For the nine months ended December 2024, we recorded milestone 
revenues at Rs. 998.7 crore, compared to Rs. 845.1 crore in 9M FY24. 
Our reported profits have also been improving. EBITDA for Q3 FY25 reported 
at Rs. 25.5 crore, a significant improvement from a loss of Rs. 36.7 crore in Q3 
FY24, while 9M FY25 EBITDA reached Rs. 69.5 crore as compared to Rs. 58 
crore for 9MFY24. Our net profit after tax (post-minority interest) stood at Rs. 
25.3 crore for Q3 FY25 and Rs. 41.3 crore for the nine-month period. 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
As you are aware, revenue and profit recognition are determined by project 
completion as per statutory accounting norms. With continuous progress in 
construction, we have achieved strong collections, reflecting both efficient 
execution and high demand for our projects. Strong collections, financial 
discipline and operational efficiency support healthy cash flows. 9MFY25 
operational cash flows stood at Rs. 641 crore. With a disciplined financial 
strategy, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet, ensuring long-term 
stability, growth, and expansion opportunities. 
Thank you and I now request the moderator to open the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Ma’am. We will now begin the question and answer session. We 
have our first question from the line of Gautam from EverFlow Partners. Please 
go ahead. 
Gautam: 
I have two questions. My first question was that how are you seeing the demand 
outlook in Pune and Mumbai markets? Are we on track to achieve our presales 
guidance that we've given of about Rs. 3,500 crores this year and I think the 
three-year target of Rs. 13,500 crores. So are we on track to achieve this 
presales? 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Gautam. In Pune and Mumbai market, we have seen a good traction 
of demand. So far, Q3 as well as Q4. Q4 eventually has to be one of the most 
performing quarter always, and we see this momentum will continue. In terms 
of our sales guidance, we have, as already mentioned in the commentary that 
in a few of the projects in Mumbai, we see a couple of delays in approval, 
which may moderately impact our sales guidance. 
Gautam: 
And what about the three-year target? Are we on track to achieve that? 
Atul Bohra: 
Three years target, I think we are in line with our long-term horizon because 
see, these are the temporary delays like maybe a quarter, or two, nothing 
beyond that. 
Gautam: 
Understood. And at the current pricing level, what sort of project level margins 
and company level margins do you expect at the EBITDA level? 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Atul Bohra: 
So far, at least, we have seen a good amount of improvement in our EBITDA 
margin. This quarter as well, we have touched around 7% - 7.5% of EBITDA 
margin. And in terms of adjusted EBITDA margin, it is 12% - 12.5%. And 
going forward, this margin will continue to improve. And we see that as we 
have already discussed, even over our last call, that we see that in early teens. 
Gautam: 
Okay. Just to clarify project level margins are 12% to 12.5% and company 
level 7% and 7.5%, just to continue or improve sir? 
Atul Bohra: 
No. So project level, it all depend on the different projects. The redevelopment 
and the joint ventures have a different margin vis-a-vis for luxury segment. I’m 
talking about the blended at a group level margin, what we are discussing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have our next question from the line of Shreyans Mehta 
from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So Atul Sir, in terms of Mumbai launches, how confident are we in launching 
it in '26? Because if you see the slide, we've actually moved into strategic rather 
than under approval? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes, Shreyans. I think for Mumbai launches, there are few projects we have 
already secured sanctions like for Laxmi Ratan. But in redevelopment, the 
process is a little longer. It is not just securing the sanction, but there are 
vacation process and post that also, there are a few sanctions required.  
So we see that couple of projects since there is quite a few EC delay, there is a 
committee which was formed. But then again, there are a few delays on account 
of elections. So I think with all these things, we have factored out that maybe 
there is slight delay in a few of the Mumbai launches. But except that, we don't 
see any other such kind of changes in our plan. 
Shreyans Mehta 
Got it. So assuming if MMR comes into picture in second half of next year, 
what should be the presales number ideally we are looking at or what we are 
targeting? 
Atul Bohra: 
So for next year, you are talking about BD? 
Shreyans Mehta: 
No, presales number, assuming the Mumbai projects come on half year 
launches? 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Atul Bohra: 
So presale number at a group level, we have a long-term guidance. I think we 
are still maintaining that guidance. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Okay. Sure. Second is, sir, in terms of margins, earlier, we were guiding for, 
say, closer to 12%, 13%. But if I see the first nine month number, we've not 
even touched 10%. So do you foresee we'll be even closing nearer to 10% for 
this year? 
Atul Bohra: 
So there is quite a good momentum even in quarter four. We have already 
secured a lot of completions. So I hope that -- and as I said, that a steadily 
improving EBITDA margin is definitely on our priority. At the same time, if 
we go through the adjusted EBITDA margin, till 9 months ended it is 12%. 
And by the end of financial year, we foresee that there will be marginal 
improvement in the EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA both. 
Moderator: 
Thank-you, Sir. We request you to rejoin the queue. We have our next question 
from the line of Rohit from iThought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Sir, just two questions. In light of the challenge in approvals, I mean, the delay 
in approval, what kind of pre-sales are we now looking at? We did about Rs. 
2,800 crores last year. And we had earlier said that we'll do about Rs. 3,500 
crores. So what was the number that you're confident for the last quarter and if 
you can share that?  
And secondly, sir, I mean, last call, you said that in terms of reported numbers, 
you are confident of doing Rs. 1,800 crore for the year. We have done about 
Rs. 1,000 crore in the first nine months and 13% is the margin that -- I mean, 
you said about early teens we'll do the margins. So that would mean that we 
need to do a very strong EBITDA performance in the Q4 -- so can you just 
explain that?  
I mean, we are talking about this adjusted EBITDA. So, we've not talked about 
this number before. So what does this adjusted EBITDA mean exactly? 
Because all along, you are talking about reported EBITDA only so far. So if 
you can just talk a bit about that. And my understanding was that this 13%, 
14% is that we will close this year is on the reported EBITDA basis. So if you 
can just explain these two points, sir? 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Rohit. So I think on the Mumbai launches, I already explained that 
we are estimating quite a few approvals delays. And I hope that maybe 
beginning of next year, it will get launched. However, in terms of the presale 
guidance, there will be marginal corrections based on those launches that are 
not coming. So that kind of marginal changes will be there in terms of overall 
presale guidance. 
As far as on the revenue guidance, I think we have already touched 
approximately Rs. 1,000 crores in first nine months, and we are quite hopeful 
like around Rs. 600 crores, Rs. 700 crores in Q4, and there is a lot of visibility 
in terms of obtaining our occupancy certificates. But we are still in the line 
with our overall revenue guidance. 
On the EBITDA part, as I already explained that there is a gradual momentum 
in that. We have seen EBITDA is picking up quite well. And in Q4 also, you 
will see a better EBITDA as well. At the last question, adjusted EBITDA is 
simply the EBITDA and added back our other income and the share of the 
profit from the joint venture company. Since this is factored out separately, so 
if we club together, that gives us an adjusted EBITDA. 
Rohit: 
Got it. So sir, from a presales point of view, so this year do you see a growth 
over FY '24? 
Atul Bohra: 
We have-- first nine monthly we have already seen a growth of almost 4% and 
I hope that, that will continue in Q4, as Q4 always has better numbers, we will 
definitely see the growth in presale number. 
Rohit: 
Got it. And sorry, one clarification. 
Moderator: 
Rohit your questions are up. 
Rohit: 
Can I just have one clarification on this adjusted EBITDA, please. So you said 
adjusted EBITDA is EBITDA plus other income and the share that we have 
from our partners? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. 
Rohit: 
Okay. Thank you. 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Atul, coming back to the plan launch, which was, say, now we have revised it 
to Rs. 5,000 crores, and we have done Rs. 2,000 crores. So how confident are 
we to do, I mean, launches of Rs. 3,000 crores kind of a thing in Q4? 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, sir. I think on most of the Pune portfolio, like Little Earth we have 
secured the sanction and it is in the RERA approval process. Similarly, for 24K 
Manor, we have secured all the sanction. Altura, we have secured all the 
sanctions. And NIBM, we have secured the sanction and still we have applied 
for the RERA.  
We are just awaiting. I think in most of this even in Life Republic, we have 
secured sanction on 3 more sectors, R14 and 34 and as well as R17A. And we 
are still in the process of obtaining the final RERA consent. So we are quite 
hopeful that these launches as planned, will hit in Q4. 
Bharat Sheth: 
So balance around, say, Rs. 3,000 crores. So out of that, normally, typically, 
we do a booking of 30% to 40% on presales. So is that fair understanding that 
at least Rs. 1,000-plus crores kind of a thing is possible in Q4 in addition to 
that from the inventory. So our presales target of Rs. 3,500 crores. So does it 
mean that a single-digit kind of a decline will be there? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. So I think there is already 3.6 - 3.7 msf of ongoing portfolio as well as we 
are adding out of the new launches. So and as you rightly said that, there may 
be a slight correction in the presale number. So whatever the launches we are 
missing, maybe to the tune, there will be some correction on that. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. And coming back our last 9 quarters, our run rate of presales has 
remained around Rs. 700 crores. So when do we expect that to break that kind 
of a thing? That is first question. And second thing, we had, I mean, guided for 
Rs. 8,000 crores kind of a business development out of which only Rs. 4,000 
crores has been done. So how confident are we of reaching that Rs. 8,000 
crores? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. So you rightly mentioned that we have already secured Rs. 4,000 crores 
worth of business development and we are quite hopeful that the guidance for 
business development for this financial year of Rs. 8,000 crores, we will 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
achieve. There are quite a few deals which has moved to a very advanced 
stages. So at right time, I think there will be announcements about this deal and 
transactions. But yes, at least looking at the scenario, we are quite hopeful that 
this deal will definitely be announced. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nitin R from Frontline Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin R: 
I think a few of my questions have already been answered. But in terms of 
margins, what sort of revenue guidance is the company looking at for the next 
year? Because this year, I think we had guided for something like Rs. 1,800 
crores and we have done something like Rs. 1,000 crore even though the 
margins were quite well. So have we had an internal calculation as to where 
our margins and revenue recognition would be for next year? That's my first 
question 
Atul Bohra: 
Can you please repeat? 
Nitin R: 
I'm talking about the revenue recognition or the expected revenue recognition 
for the next financial year as well as the margins, which we are expecting? 
Atul Bohra: 
So I think for next financial year, we can provide you a guidance separately, 
but so far for this financial year, the guidance of revenue recognitions as well 
as on the EBITDA side, we have already explained, that's roughly around Rs. 
1,600 crores to Rs. 1,800 crores is what we are targeting. And we have secured 
most of the OCs, few in pipeline. So considering that, we are quite hopeful that 
this year guidance on revenue we will meet. 
Nitin R: 
So next year, we haven't done any internal calculation. Got it. And coming to 
the launches, we have kind of reversed back our launch pipeline. So in terms 
of new projects which you are like launching, what sort of internal EBITDA 
margins are we targeting? Because I think you kind of touched upon this earlier 
but it wasn't quite audible. So could you please repeat that? What sort of 
margins are we looking at for the projects which we are launching this year 
and as well for next year? 
Atul Bohra: 
So the projects which are typically on the outright basis and where we invest 
on the land, we expect a margin of around 25% to 28%. In redevelopment, joint 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
developments it's not just margin, it is more of an IRR-based business model. 
So we try to blend it together like it's not just margin-margin.  
But at the same time, we have to play a little bit of a capital-light model wherein 
IRR-based equation works, and we target somewhere around 20%, 25% of IRR 
on those kind of transactions, even though the margins looks around 14%, 
15%, but the IRRs are better in these kind of projects, wherein specifically on 
joint development and redevelopment sector. 
So we have an internal guidance in our selection criteria as to how and what 
are the financial parameters to meet on every project - we commit to any 
projects only if our numbers get met or maybe the guidance gets meet 
internally. 
Nitin R: 
Got it. And one final question. Do we have any unsold inventory because last 
year, we kind of report losses on our book revenue. So do we have any unsold 
inventory on those projects which were kind of not viable? So do we have any 
unsold inventory from pending legacy projects? 
Atul Bohra: 
Hardly, like in most of the projects and even if you see today that the total 
ongoing unsold is hardly like 3.75 msf. So finished and unsold hardly we have 
anything in our portfolio. 
Nitin R: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Bharat Sheth from 
Quest Investments. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sir, you said, we have 3.75 msf kind of unsold inventory. So in value terms, is 
it possible to quantify? That is first question? 
Atul Bohra: 
Roughly around Rs. 2,500 crores. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Rs. 2,500 crore. And how do we see momentum whatever has been there, I 
mean, different projects? And is that fair understanding that Life Republic is 
the largest. So momentum is still, I mean, good from those unsold? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. We have seen quite a good momentum, specifically in Life Republic in 
last nine months itself, we have secured 1.5 million square feet of presale 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
number. And since there are a few more launches in Life Republic in Q4, so 
we see this momentum is still building well. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And my one suggestion before I go to that we should give project-wise unsold 
inventory also, please. That will be helpful in understanding from future where 
we are going, which projects are stuck and second thing, when we are talking 
of, say, around reaching Rs. 1,800 crores kind of a revenue for full year around 
say, Rs. 700 crores to Rs. 800 crores in Q4. So in that, what would be the 
finance cost?  
See, last year our finance cost was approximately around Rs. 100 crores 
whereas currently nine months it is Rs. 35 crores. So if you can give some color 
because EBITDA margin, we can understand, but finance cost is also very 
important? 
Atul Bohra: 
I think finance cost is more based on the P&L, whatever is recognized is more 
based on the utilization of that. So we have rationalized that finance cost based 
on the utilization on a particular project. So a few costs get charged to P&L 
and a few finance costs get charged to WIP. 
Bharat Sheth: 
You have fair visibility from which project we are going to get around this Rs. 
700 crores, Rs. 800 crores kind of revenue. So based on that, if you can give 
some ballpark number? 
Atul Bohra: 
I think off the line, Dipti can share with you because there are quite a long list 
of the projects what the OC is there and the revenue has been planned, not only 
one or two projects, but by and large Hari Ratan, where we have already 
secured the OC. Stargaze, we have already secured the OC. A couple of sector 
in Life Republic, we have secured the OC. So I think Dipti can give you 
elaborately more in detail. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Fair. And now coming back to this business development pipeline. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vikas Sharda from NT Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Sharda: 
Two questions on business development side. So first is that the project 
acquisition, which you have announced of Rs. 4,000 crores, maybe you could 
give some more details on the dynamics like when is it likely to be launched? 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
What are the project economics? What kind of realizations would you be 
looking at?  
And secondly, when you look at the pipeline for business development, so you 
said this year you're still confident of achieving Rs. 8,000 crores. How does it 
look for next year and is the pipeline still more in Pune versus, say, Mumbai 
and Bangalore? 
Atul Bohra: 
So we recently announced a joint development project, which is at Wadgaon 
which is near to Nanded City township project, which is towards the Pune 
West- South market. It's one of the prominent market wherein a lot of social 
infrastructure is well developed. Upcoming IT parks are there, the mall. And I 
think it is quite accessible from the Pune CBD, Kothrud and Warje and these 
kind of locations and very near to the Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore highway. This 
is in a revenue share arrangement with the land owner. And obviously, with 
certain amount of refundable deposit. 
So we are now in phase of securing the further sanctions in terms of height and 
everything. And this is one from the ongoing acquisition. Now, your second 
question, which is on the BD pipeline. So we are not just focusing on Pune, but 
we are still focusing more on Mumbai and Bangalore. As per our internal 
guidance as well, so far, we are guiding like 70% should be Pune, 30% growth 
has to come from Mumbai and Bangalore. So keeping this in mind, we are 
building a strong pipeline in Mumbai and Bangalore as well. 
Vikas Sharda: 
Okay. And when is this project likely to be launched - the Rs. 4,000 crores? 
Atul Bohra: 
So we are expecting around 9 to 10 months. So maybe end of the financial 
year, we are hoping to launch. 
Vikas Sharda: 
And what kind of realizations would that be? 
Atul Bohra: 
In terms of average price? 
Vikas Sharda: 
Yes. 
Atul Bohra: 
So it's a mixed-use development project, which include retail, commercial and 
the residential. So the average price, we are hoping around Rs. 8,000. 
Vikas Sharda: 
Okay. Thank you. 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Gautam from EverFlow 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Gautam: 
I just wanted to understand regarding a project level like on a blended basis on 
a project level, what would be our EBITDA margins and where do we see that 
going? I understood adjusted EBITDA, but like on a project level, how do we 
see that project level margins and where do we see it? 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Gautam. I think this is fourth time I'm repeating. But as I already 
mentioned that this project level margin, it depends on the category of the land, 
either redevelopment, joint venture, outright. I think basis on that, different 
projects have different margin levels.  
But simply like for more details you can interact with Dipti-- but as a guidance, 
as I already mentioned that on outright, we expect somewhere around 25%. On 
JDs and redevelopment, we expect somewhere around 15%. And it is not just 
margin. We have to look at the IRR as well. 
Gautam: 
Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rohit from iThought 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Sir, just interest cost. So I have just two, three questions. So one was on this 
interest cost, if you can just maybe explain it like we had earlier said that on a 
yearly basis, the finance cost would be about Rs. 100 crores.  
I understand that some of it goes to WIP, but I'm saying based on our previous 
calls, etc., it was said that the finance cost would be around Rs. 80 crores to 
Rs. 100 crores. So I understand that it depends on the project. So can you just 
tell that for this year, given nine months is already done, I think you have 
booked around Rs. 40 crores, if I'm not wrong. So what is the number for the 
entire year based on what you think? So that was one question? 
Second was, sir, you mentioned earlier that this unsold inventory is about Rs. 
2,500 crores. So can you just broadly tell what is it in terms of LR versus non-
LR? And is there any slow-moving inventory? And the last question, sir, I 
mean, if I look at just reference to the last question, I mean Rs. 2,500 crores of 
unsold inventory, if you are able to go through that, I mean, our market cap is 
about Rs. 2,300 crores today.  

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
So I mean, is there any thoughts from the promoter side in terms of buying 
back or doing something, I mean, which can sort of increase confidence to the 
shareholders and the general market per say, which is probably we have the 
cheapest real estate stocks in the listed space. And this is despite whatever we 
say in terms of balance sheet, etc. So I would love to hear your thoughts on this 
as well? 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Rohit. I think let me answer one by one because you have asked 
too many questions at one go. In terms of interest costs, as you rightly said that, 
okay, based on the utilization, few cost is capitalized and few cost is charged 
to P&L. And we foresee by the FY '25 year-end, it is as of now already Rs. 36 
crores, but somewhere around Rs. 48 crores to Rs. 50 crores should be charged 
to P&L. and the rest will charge to WIP as and when the project gets 
recognized, it will recognize. 
Coming back to your second question, LR versus non-LR, like out of 3.75 msf 
of inventory, roughly around 1.6 million msf is in Life Republic and the rest is 
in the different projects across Mumbai and Pune. 
Coming to the last question, which is on the buyback of promoter, so far, 
internally, this is the promoter's call. So as a professional, I really have limited 
say in answering this question and maybe not even the right forum to discuss 
this. So I will really like to skip this question. But rest thing, I think you have 
the answers. 
Rohit: 
If I just have one discussion on this. So one follow-up was just out of this Rs. 
2,500 crores inventory, how much is LR from a value point of view, sir?  
Atul Bohra: 
Roughly around 40%. 
Rohit: 
So about Rs. 1,000 crores is LR? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. 
Rohit: 
Sir, basically, I mean, I understand, and my last question in terms of valuation. 
But sir, I mean, the fleet is generally -- if you look at -- I mean, I'm sure you 
are doing your internal benchmarking against lot of the other listed guys. And 
there is definitely something amiss in terms of what the Street is giving us, 
right? 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
So I mean, from that perspective, I think as -- I mean, promoters own 70% of 
the company roughly, so they are going to be the biggest beneficiary if there's 
any value that gets created. So from that point of view, I mean, if you can pass 
on this message to them, that would be helpful. Given the fact that we are 
engaging in these conference calls and doing this effort. 
I mean, I think it's also a feedback on how we are doing it in terms of the 
market, what is giving the value right now. So I mean, I would like put the ball 
back to you guys to sort of take this as a feedback from a shareholder probably 
to do something. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Rohit sir. May I please request you to rejoin the queue? 
Rohit: 
Yes, I'm done. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay 
from BugleRock PMS. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: It is more on your thought process. And you have spent nearly now 2.5 
quarters. So what is your thought process on strategy, let's say, the type of land 
bank what you are looking for and the type of projects you are trying to build 
around the company. And so one is on the quality of land bank and type of 
projects you are trying to buy. Second is the value addition which happens is 
on the design and the quality of projects, okay? What progress have you made 
in last 6 to 9 months? And what are your priorities for next 2 to 3 years? 
And third is customer relationship management and sales team management. 
So what has improved? And what are you doing to, let's say, to improve the 
customer relationship with you? So on these 3 aspects, can you give your 
thoughts what has been your strategy and what are you doing? 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Himanshu. I think let me go through one by one. And as you rightly 
mentioned in terms of our strategy on overall business development and the 
growth plan. So the few changes what we made is we are not chasing small 
projects. So our first strategy is scale, which is scalable projects, that is the first 
strategy. Number 2 is on the location. So we always foresee that there has to 
be a performing and upcoming locations only while selecting our project. 
And the third one is in terms of our financial closure strategies, like a few deals 
what we are targeting on the outright as well as in JV in order to maintain a 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
healthy capital-light model as well as maintaining the cash flow towards the 
BD, which will rationalize our long-term acquisition, not only for this financial 
year, but even for the next financial year. 
And we are rationalizing it, not focused too much on Pune, but we are focusing 
more on Mumbai and Bangalore as well. So going forward, you will see a lot 
of tractions will come in Mumbai and Bangalore as well.  
In terms of the second question regarding design and progressing on design. 
So we have already submitted a lot of approvals after closure of design, a 
couple of closures in Life Republic project itself, around three, four more 
sectors. There are a couple of projects which are lined up like NIBM and 
Kharadi. And most of these projects where we have secured the sanction as 
well, not just design closure. But yes, we are progressing quite well in terms of 
aggressive design closures and approvals. 
In terms of your third question in improving our CRM because as you have 
seen last 9 months, the collection is one of the highest ever collections. We 
have increased 17% year-on-year. And that is, by and large, to our CRM 
department who's focusing more on customer centricity and addressing their 
queries on time. 
We are implementing quite a few things in the tech-based solutions of 
interacting with the customer. I think a lot of initiatives are there in terms of 
improving our customer centricity as in our initiative and this is a prime focus 
area of quality and our customer centricity. So thank you for this question. I 
hope I have answered all your questions. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Why I'm asking this question is, we give our operational updates by third week, 
or at the end of third week of the quarter. Generally, it is never in the first 15 
days, okay? It is post 15 to 20 days. And by that time, many real estate 
companies and many companies have released their results also. So the 
question is how good is our MIS internally. If, what type of sales we have done 
takes three weeks for us to report and to internally finalize, is there a lot of 
work to be done to achieve the targets? 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Atul Bohra: 
I think we are maintaining that, we will maintain it even in future. So I think 
the feedback is well taken. We will try to publish before first/second week 
itself. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Second week you mean? 
Atul Bohra: 
Second week makes sense.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Bharat Sheth from 
Quest Investments. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Hi Atul, apart from LR, we have a lot of land parcel in the Pune itself and in 
Ghotawade and all other areas where we were working, I mean, in the planning 
stage, whether to launch for residential or mixed use or commercial only or 
going for a rental model. So can you give some color to what stage are we and 
our strategy is finalized or not? 
Atul Bohra: 
I think on a couple of deals like Boat Club Road we are evaluating since it's a 
very prime location. So still evaluating internally. But since the location is in 
a way where it is ideally utilized for residential as well as commercial. But very 
soon, once we are ready with our plans and strategies on those projects, we will 
certainly announce. 
Bharat Sheth: 
I believe we are talking since almost around 1year. So when do we expect those 
strategies really to fructify and as investors we get some color on that? 
Atul Bohra: 
I think gradually, we are getting it as like this quarter, we are having Kharadi 
as our priority as well as a couple of new projects like Springshire and NIBM. 
Simultaneously, on a few of these land parcels, we will definitely get back very 
soon, maybe early next year. 
Bharat Sheth: 
So beginning of the FY '26 or maybe next concall? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Himanshu 
Upadhyay from BugleRock PMS. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: My question is, again, to Atul only. And one of the things is we have pretty 
good IRRs in many of the projects. But are we able to get a major share of the 
profits of that project over a period of time or in trying to be capital light, we 
are just not able to get as much share of profits.  
Because if you see your net worth, even after 25 years of doing a profitable 
business net worth is still below Rs. 750 crores and if we really want to reach 
scale in terms of profits and revenues and the size of projects, we need to get 
more share of the profits also, not just the IRRs. Any thought process on this? 
Just that I'm not very clear by your reply on the first question, which I asked. 
Atul Bohra: 
So I said it is already noted.  Even our recent announcement, you must have 
recognized that gradually we have to scale up on a bigger acquisitions, which 
will contribute to higher margins. So I think we are already in line with that 
strategy of expanding the margin and as well as scaling up the volume. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay. So let's say, this Rs. 4,000 crores deal what you did, how different would 
it have been than your earlier deals, not just in terms of revenue potential, but 
in terms of your own share and expected profit contribution, what you could 
get or what you might get now versus historically you would have got in such 
a deal, which will help us better understand why the things are progressing? 
Atul Bohra: 
I think I have already covered it. It's a revenue share deal with payment on a 
refundable deposit with the landowner. And estimated EBITDA so far what 
we have planned in a JV deal is roughly around 15% and as you rightly 
mentioned there are quite a few factors which attract towards this deal. One is 
the scale, one is the location and third one is the micro market, upcoming micro 
market, where a lot of traction and the social infrastructure, upcoming 
developments are planned. So I think it fits with the strategy. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today. 
And I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you once again for your interest and support. We will continue to stay 
engaged. And if you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to 
Dipti Rajput at KPDL. Look forward to interacting with you next quarter. 

 
 
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
