  
 
 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MSUMI 
Scrip Code : 543498
 
 
   Ref.: Transcript of the Investor call  
 
Dear Sir (s)/ Madam(s),  
 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated February 6, 2025, for Audio of Conference Call with 
the investors on the financial results for the third quarter and nine months ended December 
31, 2024. In this connection, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call.  
 
The above information has also been made available on the website of the company www. 
mswil.motherson.com 
at 
https://www.mswil.motherson.com/storage/Analyst-Call-
Transcripts/2024-25/Q3/Transcript-of-the-MSWIL-Q3FY25-Investor-Call.pdf  
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours truly 
For Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
Pooja Mehra 
Company Secretary   
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
5HJG2IILFH
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited
8QLWė&:LQJ21(%.&*%ORFN%DQGUD.XUOD&RPSOH[
%DQGUD(DVW0XPEDLė0DKDUDVKWUD,QGLD
7HO)D[
&,11R/0+3/&
(PDLOLQYHVWRUUHODWLRQV#PVZLOPRWKHUVRQFRP
ZHEVLWHZZZPVZLOPRWKHUVRQFRP
 
POOJA 
MEHRA
Digitally signed by POOJA MEHRA 
Date: 2025.02.12 17:45:18 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
“Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Q3 FY'25 Results Conference Call” 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. VIVEK CHAAND SEHGAL 
CHAIRMAN, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. LAKSH VAAMAN SEHGAL 
DIRECTOR, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. ANURAG GAHLOT 
COO AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR,  
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. MAHENDER CHHABRA 
CFO, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. PANKAJ MITAL 
COO AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
SAMVARDHANA MOTHERSON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (SAMIL) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Motherson  Sumi Wiring India Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-
tone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.C. Sehgal for his opening comments. Thank you. 
V.C. Sehgal:  
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the results conference 
call of MSWIL. 
I am pleased to announce that the Board has approved the Results for Quarter 3 of Financial 
Year ‘2025. This year is turning out to be a very exciting one for the Indian automotive industry, 
with the OEMs launching a slew of new models across EV and ICE platforms. With feature-rich 
content, this has augured well for us with the company outpacing the industry by approximately 
6% attributed to the favorable product portfolio of increased content with platform mix. The 
Indian PV industry grew by about 3% year-on-year whilst registering a de-growth of -8% on a 
sequential basis. Similarly, the two-wheeler industry demonstrated 8% growth year-on-year with 
a de-growth of 5% sequentially. 
While the CV industry specifically for heavy-duty and medium-duty trucks remained weak on 
a yearly basis, growth of about 4% on a sequential basis. In this context, the company has 
delivered revenues of 2300 crores for Q3, in which the new Greenfields contributed 
approximately INR 80 crores. EBITDA remained stable for the quarter ending excluding 
Greenfields at INR 278 crores representing a 6.1% growth on a year-on-year basis. This shows 
an improved profitability of the business excluding the Greenfields. The three Greenfields are 
progressing in different stages, Pune ramping up while Navagam and Kharkhoda are set to be 
on stream H2 2026. These are new facilities and will cumulatively drive an annual revenue boost 
of approximately 2,100 crores marking approximately 25% growth over Financial Year ‘24 
revenues on a baseline. The team has done well to secure businesses with marquee OEMs like 
Maruti Suzuki, Mahindra, Tata Motors across EV and ICE platforms exclusively for new 
models. I would like to reiterate that these are not just replacements or mid-cycle updates but 
absolutely new models. MSWIL remains the preferred supplier for the new age vehicles by 
OEMs. The team has worked hard in developing these solutions for the customers, and along 
with the robust localisation plan. Since new facilities are in different stages of completion, 
certain costs have been expensed upfront. There is a negative net Greenfield startup cost impact 
of about 40 crores on EBITDA and 32 crores on the PAT which is expected to be to stabilise as 
production comes on stream with the new plants. We continue to have conversations with our 
customers for some of the pain sharing on some of the costs associated with expansions. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 8 
Our CAPEX guidance for the year remains at approximately 200 crores, have expensed about 
133 in 9 months and MSWIL continues to be a debt-free company. 
With this, I would like to conclude my remarks. I have Vaaman, Pankaj, Anurag, Mahender with 
me to answer any questions that you might have. Thank you and over to you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press “*” and “1” on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to withdraw 
yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are requested to use 
a handset while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
 A couple of questions from my side. One is you talked about 40 crore impact at EBITDA level 
from the greenfield. Just to clarify, this is for 3rd Quarter and not quarterly basis or for the full 
year. 
Mahender Chhabra:  
So, this 40 crore EBITDA impact is for the 3rd Quarter from the 3 new Greenfields that we 
mentioned. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay and what would be revenue contribution from these 3 Greenfields? You mentioned 
EBITDA of 80 crore. What would be the revenue contribution from these 3 plants? 
Mahender Chhabra:  
So, as of now, where the ramp up has already started, the revenue is about 80 crores and all, I 
mean, a number of these plants are still in the ramp up phase and we have given the SOP schedule 
when the commercial production would start. So, wherever there is a revenue, the revenue is 
about 80 crores. But the cost is there for the other plants as well. So, the revenue is yet to come. 
Got it. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And the third question pertains to we have seen some of the new age competitors, new age OEMs 
talking about the advanced technologies including cables instead of wires on the wiring harness 
side. Any views we have on those technologies on that I mean, we have seen even two-wheeler 
OEM, new age OEM and showcased that product, any views on that? Yesterday, one of the new 
age two-wheeler OEM has showcased advanced wiring harness, where it was based on cables 
which are much smaller in length and lighter in weight versus a normal electric wiring harness, 
which would have weighed about 4 kgs. This was about 800 grams. Any views on such emerging 
technologies? I am sure they are also working on it, but any sense on how does it influences our 
business? 
Pankaj Mital: 
You  are talking about the new age cars which are being launched in India, or this is about some 
presentation? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Primarily, EV two wheelers. Ola yesterday showcased their motorcycles and that they 
showcased these cables instead of wiring harnesses. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
Pankaj Mital: 
You are talking about the two wheelers. These three plants which we explained are about the 
new age cars which are coming in. We have given an entire schedule about these launches. They 
are from Maruti Suzuki, Mahindra and Mahindra and Tata Motors in particular. 
V.C. Sehgal:  
Also, Jinesh, I think new things cannot be experimented and all that. They try and showcase all 
the new technologies, but this is product liability and all that is huge in this business. So, it is 
not a telephone that they are doing, this is a car or two wheelers. These are human life dependent. 
So, there is always a lot of research which has gone into this, but I think as Pankaj said, we will 
come back if there is a situation. If it is, we are also in the same boat. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Sir my first question is on growth. We have seen revenue growth, which has been much higher 
than industry volume growth in the past. That gap seems to have come down quite a lot in the 
last couple of quarters. So, is this more reflective of the current content increase being lesser 
than in the past and is there any changes in market share also in the industry or we are largely 
seeing similar market share? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Normally we do not guide on market share. We think market share is for being changed, but 
look, this is a rapidly changing scenario and it is really very difficult to come up with some 
credible numbers and all that, because it is changing very fast. Pankaj, you want to add 
something more on that? 
Pankaj Mital:  
Basically, it is also the model mixes which happen and as you would see from our presentation, 
the new plants which we are launching, as per the customer volumes, these are all New Age 
Vehicles. They should contribute significantly to the revenue up around 2000 plus crores, 2100 
crores annually. Also, Hyundai and Kia group volumes are taken care of by the joint venture 
company. So, if you look at it from the India perspective, MSWIL has been very well entrenched 
and we are grateful to our customers for partnership in the new vehicles which are being 
launched in the market. 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Will it be possible to share the EV segment high voltage wiring harness contribution in the 
current quarter's revenues or probably in the last 9 months? 
Pankaj Mital:  
See, generally the revenue coming from EV vehicles have been in between 3% to 4% 
approximately, I mean ballpark. 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Understood and these three Greenfields which are starting now, what will be the peak revenue 
potential from these plants going ahead? 
Pankaj Mital:  
It is about 2100 crores as per the forecasts which were given by the customers. If they increase 
further, then it could be more. 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Okay and it will be a mix of both high and low voltage wiring harness? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 8 
Pankaj Mital:  
Yes. 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Okay. So, this ramp-up, so start-up costs we should expect should start normalising from quarter 
four onwards, or do you think the start-up costs may continue for some more time before this 
ramp-up plays out? 
Pankaj Mital: 
See, there is a presentation on which we have given when our SOPs are happening. So, start-up 
costs will start to – there are some plants in – some launches are happening now, and in Gujarat 
it will be in Q1 of FY26 and some launches are happening – SOPs are happening in Q2 of FY26. 
So, around that period, Q2 of FY26, Q2-Q3, that is the time when it should get normalised 
completely over a period of time. 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Got it, sir. Sir, you have said for the 3rd Quarter it is 40 crores. Will it be available for the last 9 
months? Because in the 1st and 2nd Quarters also we had some start-up costs. So, for the 9 
months, will you have the impact in EBITDA? 
Pankaj Mital: 
It's also given in the presentation, Mr. Mahender Chhabra. 
Mahender Chhabra: 
Yes, so for the 9 months, it is about 95 crores. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please go ahead.  
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Thank you for taking my question. I just had a follow-up on the three new plants that you 
mentioned. Now, these are all in newer locations, right? Like Pune, Gujarat, all these locations 
are new. I just wanted to get a sense that when you are expanding into these new geographies, 
is the profitability or margin going to be very similar to what our core business has had in the 
past? The reason I ask is because it is a labor-intensive industry, and there may be labor laws 
which are different expense, which is different on discount. So, I just want to get a color on 
whether the profitability remains the same when you get into newer locations. 
Pankaj Mital:  
Ma'am for us, we have been in Pune for a very long time. So, initially, there have been 
Brownfield expansions and greenfield expansions in Pune. So, Pune has been since 1997 or 
something we have been there. So, in Gujarat also, we have been there in Sanand. So, this is an 
expansion in a new land because the volumes are growing. So, we are setting up more facilities. 
Similarly, if you look at Kharkhoda, it is not very far from within the NCR region where we 
have been there since the beginning, since the foundation of the company and when we go to 
new regions also, we take care because every time we have been expanding, the company has 
more than 30 manufacturing sites today. It has expanded very well and having a concept of a 
mother plant which supports any new plant which comes in with people getting trained and 
people being treated respectfully in every geography where we are. So, MSWIL operates its 
plants in every region of the country wherever the carmakers are there, whether it be in Chennai 
or Bangalore or Gujarat, Pune, NCR region, everywhere. So, with its good practices and human 
practices, it has been operating the plants efficiently in all the regions. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Okay, I understand that and the other thing that you mentioned that we are in conversations with 
the OEMs to share the pain on the startup cost. Is that a practice which is usual? I would expect 
that these contracts are only when the revenue starts to accrue. So, is there something that we 
can expect that these cost hit could come down before the plant ramp-up happens? I am not quite 
sure of the comment that you made initially. 
Pankaj Mital: 
Ma'am, there are certain costs which get incurred during the development period. There are 
certain changes which happen during the development period. So, that is why that comment is 
there. So, there are things which get discussed with the customers and they get shared. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Raghunandan from Nuvama Research. Please go ahead. 
Raghunandan:  
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity and also, thank you for sharing the details of the upcoming 
plants and customers, very helpful. Sir, 2 questions. Firstly, on the high voltage wiring harness 
with the new plants coming in that should also indicate a higher focus on localisation and if you 
can talk a little bit about how the efforts have been in terms of reducing the input content, 
increasing localisation, and would there be any targets you would like to share going forward? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Well, there are localisations which have happened in terms of the cables for high voltage 
harnesses and as far as the connectors are concerned, some of them have also been localised 
already. Still, there are a few which are imported and as we see newer models coming in, 
especially coming from global car makers, there may be still some more import contents as they 
have been designed outside, but they all have a direction that over a period of time, they would 
want to localise or as they launch more models, they would like to localise. 
Raghunandan:  
Thank you, sir and imports, the currency movement of late is turning their rupee depreciating 
continuously. On the USD/INR movement, would we have arrangements with customers to pass 
on the impact? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Yes, sir. 
V.C. Sehgal: 
We have almost every customer. Pankaj, am I right? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Yes, sir, that is right. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Avish Bhansali from Chanakya Capital Services. Please go 
ahead. 
Avish Bhansali: 
Would it be possible to give the breakup of revenue as per vehicle in categories like commercial, 
passenger, and two-wheelers? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Yes, sir. We provide this data once in a year on an annual basis and this was in the last annual 
report. You can go through that passenger vehicle is approximately 59% approximately, and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
two-wheeler is 10 to 12%, and then commercial vehicle is also 10 to 12%. So, bifurcation is 
given on the annual report. You can refer that, please. 
Avish Bhansali: 
It is the same for this quarter also or are there any changes? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
No, there is once in a year only. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
For these 3 plants, what would be the total CAPEX invested for these 3 plants and what kind of 
manpower addition would be happening for these 3 plants? 
Mahender Chhabra: 
So, in terms of CAPEX, depending on the size, it is about 40 to 60 crores that we spend on one 
plant. And this does not include land and building, which we take only from SAMIL. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. So, it should be roughly about 150 to 180 crores for the 3 plants put together. Got it. And 
total manpower addition would be what, roughly about 15000 to 16000 people or less than that 
between the 3 plants? 
Anurag Gahlot:  
I think, these plants are, as the volumes are given and for the product we are making, these are 
sort of little large plants. So, between 2000 to 2500 manpower will be involved in these 3 plants 
individually, each of them. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question may press “*” and “1” at this time. Ladies 
and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question to the management, you may press “*” and “1.” 
The next question is from the line of Shirish from Nippon India Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Shirish: 
 I am trying to understand the correlation between copper prices and if I look at industry growth 
and add it up with the copper prices, somehow your growth seems much lower than the number 
which I was looking at. So, can you explain why really is there a difference because why copper 
prices are up 12% plus the growth also not too bad. So, our growth in that context looks a little 
low. If you can elaborate on that, sir, please. 
V.C. Sehgal:  
Look, your calculations are based on what? On your calculations or it is some kind of a standard 
or something?  
Shirish: 
Sir, just looking at the copper prices, there was a fair bit of inflation. So, I just want to understand 
if, like, how are you looking at market shares? Are the market shares stable or was there a 
difference between the production and the wholesale numbers that we are looking at for the 
industry? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
V.C. Sehgal:  
I think we have already said that our growth is higher than that of the market. But we cannot just 
answer on speculation that it looks lower, it looks higher. It is very difficult for us to quantify 
what you are saying and what basis you are comparing. 
Shirish: 
Copper price inflation was 12% and the industry growth would have been close to…So, if I draw 
a parallel from that 59% comes from PV, 12% from MHC, on that basis, the industry would 
have grown at least like a double-digit kind of a number, close to like a low double-digit. So, 
based on that… 
Pankaj Mital: 
Sir, the industry growth, if you will see, is about 3%, sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. A reminder to all participants that you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. 
Participants who wish to ask a question to the management may press “*” and “1.” As there are 
no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.C. Sehgal 
for his closing comments. 
V.C. Sehgal:  
Yes, I think the board congratulated the team. I think they have done a phenomenal job, including 
the marketing people and all that. Three new plants in 3 new geographies. Even though we are 
present there, it is still a huge mammoth task, but the company has done that. The prospects look 
phenomenal, even in the coming months and all that. We will keep you informed and thank you 
very much, and wish you all a very good week ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for 
grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of transcript 
is available at website of the company, viz., www.mswil.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the currently held beliefs and 
assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and can may 
include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market 
conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or 
industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or 
omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation 
and assessment of the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they 
deem necessary. 
 
 
