 
                                                                             
 
 
 
 
Kellton Tech Solutions Ltd., CIN: L72200TG1993PLC016819  
Regd. Office: Plot No. 1367, Road No. 45, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad-500033, Telangana, India  
Tel: +91-40-44333000 Email: info@kellton.com Website: www.kellton.com  
Plot No. 404-405, 6th Floor, iLABS Centre, Udyog Vihar, Phase III, Gurugram-122016, Haryana, India Tel: +91-124-4698900 
 
To 
 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai-400001
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051
Scrip Code: 519602 
Scrip Code: KELLTONTEC 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of the Earning Conference Call 
 
With reference to our communication regarding the Schedule of the Earnings Conference Call and in 
compliance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit a copy of the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held 
on Friday, February 14, 2025. 
 
The same is also available at the website of the Company at https://www.kellton.com/investor-call-
transcript  
 
Kindly consider this for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Rahul Jain 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Date: February 19, 2025 
Place: Hyderabad 
 
 
Rahul 
Jain
Digitally signed 
by Rahul Jain 
Date: 2025.02.19 
17:27:05 +05'30'

 
Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Moderator:​
Good day and welcome to the Kellton Tech Solutions Limited Q3 and Nine Months FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. I would like to thank all for participating in the Company's Earnings 
Call for the Third Quarter of the Financial Year 2025. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today's concall may be forward-looking in nature and such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on the management's 
beliefs as well as assumptions made from the information currently available to the 
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these 
forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's 
earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's 
fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Now, I would like to introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's 
earnings call. We have with us Mr. Niranjan Chintam – Chairman and Whole-Time Director, 
Mr. Karanjit Singh – Chief Executive Officer (India), and Mr. Srinivas Potluri – Chief Executive 
officer (US). 
Thank you and over to you Mr. Niranjan Chintam sir.  
Niranjan Chintam:​
Thank you. Good evening, good morning wherever you are, thank you for joining our Q3 
Earnings Call. I apologize in advance, I have a slight throat issue. I might be clearing my throat 
or coughing, so please bear with me. 
We will start off with the financial numbers and then we will take the operational highlights. 
The revenue numbers were around 279 crores for this quarter, which is a close to about 
13.7% year-on-year increase and 3% quarter-on-quarter. Wanted to again reiterate that, this 
third quarter typically is not a great quarter because of the US holidays and the number of 
​
Page 1 of 9 

billable hours that are available there. Hence, it's always been a slightly lower growth that we 
normally have and which is in line with this quarter also. 
The EBITDA was around 34.4 crores and the net profit is close to 21 crores. The EBITDA 
margin is around 12.3%, the PAT margin of 7.5%, the EPS that we have announced is 2.2 for 
this quarter. Now, comparing that with the nine months, the nine month number is around 
812 crores, with the 99.5 crores as EBITDA and a net profit of 60.5 crores.EBITDA margin is 
around 12.2% with a PAT margin of 7.4% for the nine months and the EPS of 6.3 for the nine 
months up to date. 
Now, I want to hand it off to Karnjit to talk about operational highlights and customer wins 
that we had this quarter. Karnjit. 
Karnjit Singh:​
Thank you Niranjan and hello everyone. So let me speak about the client's wins first and then 
I will talk about the operational highlights. So this quarter, we have had three significant client 
wins, just to give a little bit of a color on those three. So there is one where we are basically 
working, we are working with the client to revolutionize and build an advanced intelligence 
platform that enables them to seamlessly track funding and geospatial insights and marry 
that with their operational workflows. So this really is a cutting edge digital transformation 
project, which is targeted to deliver efficiency and precision in the sustainable landscape 
management space that they are in. We have also worked with another large customer to 
redefine the digital ecosystem, and we are helping them to build a cutting edge, finops driven 
approach that will help them elevate automation, scalability and operational intelligence. And 
the third one that we are working with is a large power group where we are basically 
engineering an advanced AI powered solution that helps them revolutionize their whole 
end-to-end coal tracking from the mines all the way to the actual power station. Today, it's a 
very manual system, so this will help them eliminate all these manual inefficiencies, and will 
really lead to real business efficiencies for them, and also give them real time, precise data. 
And of course, this solution will integrate, it's automated and it will integrate with their 
enterprise systems and the logistics systems and help them enhance their quality control and 
build on their operational efficiencies. So those are the clients that we acquired. 
Turning to the operational highlights. So the first one in this quarter that was significant was 
the successful implementation of a SAP HANA system, which is helping them drive seamless 
business integration and operational efficiency across 21 countries. This is done for a global 
leader that provides high performance computing and AI infrastructure. So this is a roll out 
across the 21 countries. The other one that is significant on the digital side, we have helped a 
customer launch their OTT content management system for their global. This is a global 
platform that serves about 33 million users worldwide, and so they just went live with it. And 
in fact, this has been recognized by MongoDB as a standout use case for revolutionizing 
efficiency and scalability. So that's another one. The third one is about,Forbes spotlighted 
campaign for the work that it is doing with the United Nations body, and we have recognized 
​
Page 2 of 9 

our role in streamlining financial aid being delivered through advanced digital solutions. So, 
those are some of the things that were significant that I thought I should mention. Niranjan, 
over to you. 
Niranjan Chintam:​ ​
Okay, thank you Karnjit. Let's open up the queue for questions. 
Moderator: ​
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press “*” and “1” on the touchstone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. Participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask 
a question now. Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may please press “*” and “1”. Ladies 
and gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a 
question, please press “*” and “1” now. The first question is from the line of Elesh Gopani 
from Gopani Securities Investment. Please go ahead. 
Elesh Gopani:​
Good evening everybody. Thank you for giving me an opportunity to ask the question. Can 
you please give the outlook for the next two, three years and what are the growth prospects 
for the company, and what can be the normal EBITDA margin in this, of the revenues that we 
see, and what is the net debt position at present? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Sure. So let me just answer the question on the margins part of it first. See our goal is to get 
to 17% within the next two years. That's the target that we are setting ourselves internally, to 
achieve a 17% EBITDA margin that we want to achieve and today we are around 12.5%. That's 
an aggressive goal that we set for ourselves. We are able to do a lot of efficiencies within the 
system that we are able to leverage. Now the AI is giving us a little bit of, not a little bit, it's 
giving us a productivity increase that we are able to leverage using the AI tool. To answer your 
question on the top line. See, our target has been and we have been doing near term, short 
term and long term. I will just talk about the near term, short term only at this point. Our 
target is the 200 million that we want to achieve in the next two years, is where the target 
that we have setup. And, the path that we are taking we should be able to achieve that. 
Talking about the debt, I'll get the numbers, I’ll pull it up and get the number back to you. But 
again, there will be some slight fluctuations there and the working capital will go up, whereas 
the long term debt is going to be lower. So based on where we are within the cycle of our 
usage of funds it varies from month-to-month based on the working capital. But I will get back 
to you with the answer once I get that feedback from my finance team. 
Elesh Gopani:​
One more question. We are going to raise QIP or some raising of funds, what is the position in 
this regard? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
So there are two fundraisers going on now. One is promoters, and management is taking 
around via a preferential route. That is one that is going on, the second one is the FCCB route. 
​
Page 3 of 9 

Today, we are in the fag-end of the process. It's a long, drawn out process, not just limiting to 
what approvals we need from the SEBI, MSE, BSE, it is also the banking requirements because 
there is a foreign currency involved. So all that route, because it's coming from outside the 
country, there are agencies and agents that we need to hire. So all that process, we are pretty 
much very close to the fag end of it. I am thinking like one week, maybe max two weeks is 
when we will be able to close the FCCP round and similar timelines for the preferential bonds 
too, because there are a lot of questions back and forth from the NSE, BSE we are answering 
those by. So, the idea is before March ends all the money would come in that we have set our 
target too and I am talking about the whole process. We are hoping that it's going to be 
sooner within this February itself, but I am giving an outside chance in case of procedural 
delays, the investors are ready to invest the money. It's just a matter of getting this procedural 
part taking care also that the money is sitting in our bank. 
Elesh Gopani:​
Thank you sir. 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Thank you for your question. Next question, please. 
Moderator: ​
Thank you. Participants who wishes to ask a question may press “*” and “1”. The next 
question is from the line of Redapa Gunluru from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go 
ahead. 
Redapa Gunluru:​
Yes, my voice is audible? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Yes, you are good. 
Redapa Gunluru:​
Thank you. Good evening, sir. I have a couple of questions. 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Please go ahead. 
Redapa Gunluru:​
About financial services growth. What are the key drivers behind the company's revenue 
growth, Q3 for financial 25? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Okay, so Redapa can you mute yourself, because there is a lot of background noise coming in. 
Thank you. 
Redapa Gunluru:​
I am going to my cabin sir.. 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Okay. So to answer your question, there are other growth areas. We are targeting growth in 
the AI and AI enabled services. That is one area of target that we are going after, and we are 
seeing a lot of traction in that. And also, the second thing that we have been doing is we are 
doing a lot of account mining, so I have given a target to our senior management team that 
we need to start getting more revenue from existing customers. It's not the number of 
customers, it is the amount of revenue we are able to get, or increase the revenue that we are 
​
Page 4 of 9 

getting from the existing customers. So those are the two key growth areas that we have 
when it comes to the customers. And also we have some partnerships that we are building 
and working with, that is in some of it we are deeply involved already. Some of it we are 
making forays into. There are again, a lot of cross over stuff that happens, these kinds of large 
partnerships, that we tie up with. Hence, they might take a little bit longer to see some 
revenues, but we are in there, actively engaged with the partnership thing of these large 
entities, and we should be able to start seeing traction going forward. Thank you, Redapa, 
next question please. 
Redapa Gunluru:​
Margin expansion about, can you please elaborate on the factors contributing to the company 
margins expansion in Q3 2025 and what initiatives are being taken to sustain this growth and 
also another question sir, growth strategy. So what are the general strategies prioritized for 
the next quarter, and how do you plan to achieve them? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Okay, Redapa there is too much of the voice cracking it. Excuse me, so can you mute yourself 
again please and I will answer your question just that, it's a little bit not clear, but I will answer 
that. Okay, so the margin improvement is primarily driven by efficiencies that we are able to 
squeeze out of the system itself, we found some inefficiencies, and we squeezed that out. The 
second thing that I told you earlier also is, we are able to get more performance improvement 
using some of these AI tools that we are actively using in our day-to-day outrange. Those are 
the two reasons why we are getting a lot of traction, and also improvement in March. Thank 
you for your question. Next question, please. 
Moderator: ​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Shah from Harshad Gandhi Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Shah:​
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my question is on the US market, can you please provide some 
color on the traction you are seeing in the US after the Trump government coming in, and are 
you seeing, are you getting any more inquiries from the US clients, that's all thanks. 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Okay, I will give a little bit of color on that, and I will let the CEO from the US answer the 
question. So there is a lot of noise around this Trump Tariff, and what is impacting us. We 
don't believe there is going to be any impact from our case, when it comes to the IT sector. So 
from our strategy we don't have to change anything. Talking about what it is that Trump is 
doing that it's going to add or reduce, I'll let Srini answer the question. Srini, can you take 
this? 
Srinivasan Potluri:​
Sure. Thank you, Niranjan. Yes, so basically like Niranjan said, whatever Trump is doing in the 
first three weeks or so in the office has mostly been tariffs and so on, which have an impact 
on actual manufacturing and pricing. But from a services side, there is no impact so far there 
is no focus on services except, the outlook is that there will be deregulation, specifically on 
the AI side and the cloud side and so on and so forth. Which will improve IT services business 
​
Page 5 of 9 

in the US. Have any of our customers made any changes? As of now there are no changes; 
they are continuing as they are. It's too early to say, there is speculation with respect to what 
might happen, but from a perspective of our customers changing course or doing something 
different, we don't see that happening. On the government side obviously, in the US there is 
going to be deregulation and open competition is going to be projected. So we might see, we 
might see a lot more potential or possibilities, working with the government sector in the 
open competition space. Thank you, Niranjan, or anything else? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
No, thank you. Srini. 
Gaurav Shah:​
Sir, my second question was, with respect to our contract with the LIC, so what's the traction 
on that, are we getting recovery from the government? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
See, the government is always going to be direct payments, it’s a milestone payment. We did 
get some payment in a way or once we met the milestone, the next milestone is probably 
within the next three months we should get a large chunk of the money coming in. So it's an 
ongoing process. So also this is a little bit slightly skewed, right, initially the amount of money 
we get is low, and as we get on with my multiple year contract it's a seven year contract, as 
you get the yearly payments will increase our outflow initially when it comes to our 
investment is higher from a cash flow perspective, but we recoup that probably within three 
years. 
Gaurav Shah:​
Okay. So what's the current outstanding as of now? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Outstanding for what LIC, there is no outstanding. We have not met the milestone and there 
is nothing outstanding. 
Gaurav Shah:​
Okay. So whatever we have built till now we have got the payment, right? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Yes, whatever milestone we met, yes, we have got the payments. 
Gaurav Shah:​
Okay. Is the next milestone going to be in the next three or four months? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
That's correct, yes. 
Gaurav Shah:​
Okay, thanks a lot. All the best. 
Moderator: ​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amita Gesha from HG Hawa. Please go 
ahead. 
Amita Gesha:​
Yes, am I audible? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Yes, you are. 
​
Page 6 of 9 

Amita Gesha:​
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations first of all the whole team achieving a 
milestone of +1000 revenue in PTM. 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Thank you. 
Amita Gesha:​
And sir my question was connected to like, how does the company form larger IT service 
norms? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
So, I will let Karnjit answer that, he has got a few lines that he loves to use, I’ll answer let the 
two operational people answer that right. See, from a larger company perspective, the 
nimbleness is not there, they are much more aggressive, we are a little bit more 
accommodative when it comes to some of these small, granular differences in contracts, and 
we are able to do that. Sometimes it also happens that the larger IT companies are unable to 
provide the services, and the customers have called us basically and said, hi I am not going to 
name these large companies are unable to provide. They failed in their delivery. Can you now 
recover from it and we have done that successfully. I am talking about the enterprises in the 
government sector also, they get…. Karnjit can you add more color to this please. 
Karnjit Singh:​
Yes, sure. So kind of, as Niranjan said at a high level, that is what it is, even as a company, even 
the roots of the company, we started off from a very different routes we like to call ourselves 
as the born digital IT services company, because the traditional IT was already taken. That's 
where we started and we have a very strong heritage in product engineering, and we have 
worked with leading, startups or which are today global companies as well as large 
enterprises. So, that's kind of what differentiates us, as Niranjan said, Yes, we are not saying 
larger companies do not deliver projects they do. But there are some things which have to be 
done at a certain speed, done in a more agile way, in a nimble way, and that is where our 
differentiation lies. So we have so many case studies that we get going and talking to 
customers, it kind of shows. In fact, one of the things that I mentioned today, which is the 
large OTT the 33 million user OTT that went live. In fact, we have built a completely cloud 
native platform and moved them away from a platform built by one of the big four, and they 
actually considered one of the big IT companies is already there, but for this work, they have 
come back to us. So that's kind of what our differentiation is. And by the way, that's what 
would be expected of a smaller company, which will kind of do it faster. We will do it agile, of 
course we are not that large so we do, they are very flexible and we accommodate a lot of 
requests that we get from customers, which they will not, let's say have that flexibility with 
also larger companies. 
Amita Gesha:​
That was very helpful sir. Another question was connected to the employees, like what is the 
total number of employee count that we have, and how does the company plan to retain and 
attract talent as far as AI and all these things are concerned? 
​
Page 7 of 9 

Niranjan Chintam:​
There are two scopes of thoughts there, to increase the employee base or not to increase 
their employee base using these AI tools, because a lot of efficiency has come. Wait and 
watch more and exactly what happens, with too many what you call the rumor intelligence 
going on. There are actual case studies out there that talk about the reduced need of these IT 
employees, while you use some of these tools to do some of the work. To answer your 
question we are around 1600 employees globally, and that is where we have been constant 
around that time. And are we looking to hire people, absolutely we are looking to hire people. 
And your question is related to how we are able to attract everything. Our one way is giving 
them challenging work. You would be surprised that some of the people that we bring on 
board from this large IT company, they are used to one or two projects, whereas when they 
come to our system, they are doing multiple projects which are but most cutting edge, and 
those employees were doing part of the project whereas here they get to do the whole 
end-to-end kind of a solution, and also the aggressiveness that we provide that they have not 
seen. So all those differentiators there and lastly, we also give stock options to both our long 
term employees that have been with the company as well as to attract new talent that we 
believe is needed for the growth of the company. Thank you. 
Amita Gesha:​
May I ask one more question, sir. 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Please go ahead. 
Amita Gesha:​
Sir, are there any plans to enter into new geographies? 
Niranjan Chintam:​
No, at this point no. I was corrected by the number of employees; it's actually 1750, little over 
1750. We don't want to enter new geographies, we already have enough geographies that we 
have, there are some challenges with some of the geographies that we are facing, and we 
have been addressing that, but at this point, no. To answer your questions, no, but we will 
project some other geographies as an inbound or as an outbound, but not open up offices in 
those countries. 
Amita Gesha:​
Thank you for all the explanation and all the best for the future sir. 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Thank you. Next question, please. 
Moderator: ​
Thank you. That was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Niranjan Chintam for closing comments. 
Niranjan Chintam:​
Thank you everyone for joining our Q3 earnings call. I appreciate you showing faith in 
ourselves as a team and as a company. Looking forward to more interactions with you as we 
move on, as you are going to take part in our growth trajectory. Thank you everyone, have a 
nice day. 
​
Page 8 of 9 

Moderator: ​
Thank you. On behalf of Kellton Tech Solutions Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
​
Page 9 of 9 
