WESTLIFE FOODWORLD LTD.  
[Formerly known as Westlife Development Ltd.] 
Regd. Off.: 1001, Tower-3, 10th Floor  One International Center  
Senapati Bapat Marg  Prabhadevi  Mumbai 400 013 
Tel : 022-4913 5000  Fax : 022-4913 5001 
CIN No. : L65990MH1982PLC028593 
 
 
Website: www.westlife.co.in | E-mail id :shatadru@westlife.co.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
           
Date: 5th February, 2025 
To, 
 
 
 
     To, 
BSE Ltd. (‘the BSE) 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘the NSE’) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers      Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street                              Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
     Mumbai – 400051      
 
Sub :    Compliance with Regulations 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, 
Submission of transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended                           
31st December, 2024 
Re   : Westlife Foodworld Ltd. (formerly known as Westlife Development Ltd.) (“the 
Company”) : Scrip Code-505533 and WESTLIFE (NSE) 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In compliance with Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith 
transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended 31st December, 2024, held post the 
Board Meeting of the Company on 29th January, 2025. 
 
In this regard, the transcript of the said earnings conference call has also been uploaded on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
and 
can 
be 
accessed 
at 
the 
weblink: 
https://www.westlife.co.in/investors/financial-news-and-information/  
 
You are requested to take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Westlife Foodworld Limited 
 
 
 
 
Dr Shatadru Sengupta 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl : as above 
SHATADRU 
SENGUPTA
Digitally signed by 
SHATADRU SENGUPTA 
Date: 2025.02.05 
10:29:02 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
Westlife Foodworld Limited  
Q3FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
▪ Mr. Akshay Jatia – Executive Director 
▪ Mr. Saurabh Kalra – Managing Director 
▪ Mr. Hrushit Shah – Chief Financial Officer 
▪ Mr. Chintan Jajal – Lead Investor Relations 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Westlife Foodworld Limited Q3 FY 
‘25 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” 
on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
We would like to remind you that certain statements made by the management in 
today's call may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
reflect management’s best judgment and analysis as of today. The actual results may 
differ materially from the current expectations based on a number of factors affecting 
the business. Please refer to the Safe Harbor disclosure in the earnings presentation.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chintan Jajal. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Chintan Jajal: 
Thanks. Welcome, everyone. And thank you for joining us on Westlife Foodworld’s 
earnings conference call for the 3rd Quarter ended 31st December 2024. I am Chintan, 
Lead IR at Westlife.  
From the management team I have with me, Mr. Saurabh Kalra – Managing Director; Mr. 
Akshay Jatia – Executive Director; Mr. Hrushit Shah – Chief Financial Officer.  
We will kick off today's conversation with Akshay sharing his thoughts on overall 
progress in outlook. This will be followed by Saurabh taking us through operational, 
financial and strategic highlights. Post that we can open the forum for questions and 
answers. We will be referring to the Earnings Presentation and Financial Releases 
available on the BSE, NSE and Investors Page of our Website.  
With that, I now request Akshay to commence this session. Thank you and over to you, 
Akshay. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Thank you, Chintan. Hello and good evening, everyone. I am happy to have you on the 
call today. I trust you have seen the numbers, Saurabh will take you through the details.  
 
But in summary, growth is gradually coming back, and we are encouraged by signs of 
progress. Same store sales were up by 3% year-on-year moving back in the positive 
territory. A key highlight here is that it is a guest count-led same store sales growth, 
while average check remains stable. I think this reflects our well-rounded strategy 

 
 
Page 3 of 20 
focused on enhancing value, our value proposition, while driving customer excitement 
through product innovation.  
 
We have been pioneers of value in the QSR industry with initiatives like the Happy Price 
menu launched nearly 20 years ago, democratizing the burger category in India. In fact, 
the QSR industry globally is built on two core pillars of value and convenience. I am 
pleased to report that our sustained efforts with Everyday McSaver Meals and the 
McSaver Combo programs have significantly improved our affordability perceptions 
scores, and increased customer footfall in our restaurants.  
 
Our customers continue to see us as value leaders, which is crucial in a challenging 
consumption environment where every rupee counts. We remain committed to 
delivering exceptional food experiences at all price points. During the quarter, we 
launched the McCrispy platform, with Shordaar Crunch tagline. The product has been 
very well received by customers and is becoming a favorite for many. McCrispy along 
with McCafe, has enabled us to drive the premium segment of our portfolio.  
 
Our customers are increasingly looking for experiences that offer both affordability and 
premium options, deepening their needs and occasions. Our ability to cater to these 
diverse preferences is a testament to our robust strategy and deep understanding of 
consumer behavior.  
 
Lastly, the operating environment remains challenging. We are yet to see a significant 
increase in dine-in out trends. We anticipate that stability in retail inflation and any 
budgetary measures to boost disposable income and purchasing power could provide 
the necessary stimulus in the near term to consumption. Despite these challenges, we 
continue to execute our strategy and expand our network prudently, in line with our 
Vision 2027 plan with a long-term growth mindset.  
 
We opened a record 46 new restaurants in the Calendar Year of 2024. Our ambition is to 
fortify our market leadership and deliver differentiated performance in the years to 
come, supported by a strong foundation and multiple growth levers.  
 
Thank you for your continued confidence in us. I will now hand over to Saurabh to take 
you through the operational and financial details of the quarter.  
Saurabh Kalra: 
Thank you, Akshay. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening. Thank you for joining us for 
this Q3 result. I am pleased to report to you that our revenue for the last quarter reached 
Rs. 6.54 billion, reflecting our 9% year-on-year growth. Our same store sales momentum 
has improved to a positive 3% Y-o-Y from a negative 6.5% in the last quarter. Our 

 
 
Page 4 of 20 
positive shift is given by increased footfalls and transactions, while our average check 
remains stable, as Akshay just pointed out.  
 
Our dual strategy of focusing on product innovations like McCrispy and offering value 
through McSaver has generated encouraging momentum despite current challenging 
consumer spending trends.  
 
From a channel perspective, our growth has been pretty broad based, with both on 
premise and off premise growing about 9% Y-o-Y. Our omni-channel strategy is 
designed to deliver an exceptional customer experience at every touch point. To this 
end, we continue to invest and enhance our capabilities across dine-in, delivery, and 
drive-thru. While growth may vary across channels, we believe that a broad-based 
growth approach is far more resilient and value accretive over medium to long-term, 
given the evolving customer preferences on channels. 
 
Off-premise contribution stood at 42%, consistent with the two-year average. Our 
average sales per store on a trailing 12 months basis was around Rs. 60 million. We are 
committed to further enhancing consumer experience through digital technology. Our 
digital journey is actually progressing quite well with increased enrollments in our 
flagship loyalty program, MyMcDonald’s Rewards, and the adoption of the self-ordering 
kiosk across all our restaurants. We engage with over 3 million monthly active users on 
our mobile approximately, and digital sales that now account for almost 70% of our top 
line.  
 
Turning to profitability, our gross margin improved by almost 40 bps sequentially to 
70.1%, despite heightened inflation in key commodities such as oil, coffee, cocoa, etc. 
We mitigated these inflationary pressures through supply chain and cost initiatives and 
a 50-bps portfolio level price increase. We expect the gross margin to remain stable at 
around 70% in the near term, providing a healthy benchmark for reinvestment in 
strategic growth initiatives.  
 
Restaurant operating margin and operating EBITDA were lower by approximately 200 
bps Y-o-Y due to operating deleverage and higher A&P spends for new product launch. 
However, on a sequential basis, we saw an improvement in profitability due to a better 
scale and cost management. We anticipate that this trend to continue as the average 
unit volume improves. The cash profit after tax stood at Rs. 520 million or 8% of sales.  
 
Despite near-term challenges, we are forging ahead with our network expansion plan. 
We added 15 new restaurants in the quarter and close to bringing our total store count 
to 421 across 67 cities as of December 31st. Approximately, 95% of these restaurants 
feature McCafe, 92% EOTF, and 22% offer drive-thru services. We are on track to 

 
 
Page 5 of 20 
achieving our FY ‘25 target of 45 to 50 new restaurants, reinforcing our confidence on 
the long term potential of both the industry and our business.  
 
In summary: 
As I highlighted last quarter, our three key pillars to drive profitable growth in the near 
to medium term are; first, accelerating on the value platform. Second, augmenting our 
menu through product innovation and giving excitement to our customers. And third, 
robust cost governance. We are seeing promising signs and green shoots of these 
initiatives taking effect. Guest count momentum is improving, particularly in dine-in, 
leading to a broad-based growth. Our breakeven sales have improved by 2% to 2.5% in 
the past quarter due to systematic cost governance, thereby enhancing like-for-like 
profitability, sequentially.  
 
Thank you for your time. I now hand over the call to the moderator and open the floor 
for your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer. We have the first 
question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Hi, thanks for taking my questions. And congrats on the growth revival in the business. 
So, the first question is that, there are a few important changes that have happened in 
our business over the last couple of years. One such change is the digital-led sales, 
which is now about 70% for us versus 50% earlier. These changes specifically are 
currently being underappreciated due to the weak demand environment. But I wanted 
to check on the positive impact of these changes in terms of top line margin once we 
return to normalcy.  
Akshay Jatia: 
So, Devanshu, the way we look at it actually is that we are acquiring a very loyal 
customer because we view digital touch points as a touch point where we understand 
the customer a lot better because we get their information, we get their buying trends 
in a digitized format. And as a result, we are able to reach out to customers regularly and 
personalize their experience in terms of offerings that we display to them, as well as 
personalize their experience in the restaurants through our self-ordering kiosks, etc. So, 
in the long run, the way we look at it is that it will increase frequency. It allows us to cross 
sell to our customers, which can eventually have an impact on average ticket size 
positively. But most importantly, it gives us predictability in our business where we are 
able to, firstly, have multiple cohorts whose frequency we know, and multiple cohorts 
whose buying habits we know. So, as a result, it helps with predictability, it helps with 
loyal customer base, and eventually sales growth.  

 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, just adding on to what Akshay said, just one point. I think in my commentary also I 
talked about it being a journey. I think the question you asked is also around what will 
happen when it all culminates. I think Akshay gave you a flavor of we can bring 
predictability, we can control frequency, we will have our loyal customer base with us all 
the time. So, those are all advantages we all know. But to me, we are also approaching it 
very structurally because there is restaurant and network involved. Because our digital 
strategy is also really phygital, right, so there is self-ordering kiosks which are there in 
the restaurant. So, we foresee this journey completing and giving us all the dividends 
which digital sales gives to the business.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood, Saurabh, Akshay. Any margin benefits also that should accrue, apart from 
operating leverage because of better throughput? So, any cost savings that can be 
there with these digital initiatives?  
Akshay Jatia: 
So, we do not look at it like that today. I think we would rather focus on throughput 
advantages we can get. And I think, as we get more control in terms of the buying 
journey, we can definitely obviously tactically intervene with upselling, but most 
importantly, giving the customers what they want. So, I think throughput is what I would 
focus on.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. Akshay. The second strategic question is, we are sticking to our five-year 
vision of delivering Rs. 40 billion to Rs. 45 billion of sales by FY ’28, right? So, ‘24 and ‘25 
in between are two years that have been impacted because of weak environment as 
well as some global actions. So, is it fair to assume that now the lower end of the 
guidance seems more likely versus the upper end of the guidance that may not be 
achieved?  
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, the guidance, obviously, there is a reason why that guidance is a range. I do not know 
what we will achieve, because honestly, we are putting our best foot forward. We went 
through a certain crisis where our new base got established. We have finally got 
momentum of starting to beat that base. We would like to do far more than what we 
have done already. But I would not say we should change, not change, because when 
COVID came in, our current guidance looked highly unlikely for us to achieve Vision 
2022, too. But we did it. So, I would rather say, there are demand challenges, there is a 
volatile world out there, the consumer demand is not as what it should have been. But 
that could change, right, that could change in the next one year and you could see, okay, 
all of a sudden you got a high single digit growth.  
 
So, things happen in business. I think there are times when you protect your base, there 
are times you improve your profitability, there are times you accelerate on sales. The 
good news for us is, we know our business is linked to a lot of momentum. Finally, we 

 
 
Page 7 of 20 
have broken the negative momentum. Last time when this had happened, it had taken 
us 2.5 years to get out of the negative momentum. This year we have been able to do 
this in four quarters. So, we are taking a little bit of heart out of our history and saying, 
what is the art of possible rather than saying what could be the barriers, is where we are. 
Now there is a range, we are still fairly committed to achieve that range.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. Last question from my end. We are likely going to be anywhere around 
13.5% post-IndAS EBITDA margin in FY ‘25. So, in the PPT we have indicated that we are 
making higher investments in terms of marketing otherwise to come over the 
community-based challenges as well as weak demand environment. So, I just wanted 
to check what are the one-off kind of investments that we have made in FY ’25, which 
may not be repeated in FY ‘26. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, while I will not give you the answer directly as FY ‘25 versus FY ‘26, obviously we have 
to reach what we have committed in the Vision 2027 over the next two years. Now, the 
good news is, if you look at it sequentially, we did see a significant improvement over 
the previous quarter. And our intent is to maintain this quarterly improvement and show 
it to us and through results that we will be able to make the EBIDTA improvement, 
sequentially, going closer to what we have laid down into our Vision 2027. And you will 
see improvement over the next one year because there are multiple paths to it, right. 
So, the multiple paths include what is the product mix, what is the pricing strategy. Then 
there is what are the cost governance initiative, what are you doing on the bottom store, 
stop store. So, there is multiple work which is happening right now. I think we are fairly 
confident that we will be able to grow EBITDA percentage consistently, sequentially.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Fair enough. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Saurabh Kundan from Goldman 
Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Hi. Thank you. It's actually very similar to the previous participant, but I was looking at 
your AUV currently, you are at Rs. 60 million. And to reach the lower end, I think rough 
cut calculation shows that you have to increase the AUV by 15% over the next three 
years. And correct me if I am wrong, but that should translate to a high single digit SSSG 
on average, over the next three years. So, if you could just help us how you expect to get 
a high single digit SSSG, that will really help. If you could just break it down into maybe 
transactions, footfall or new product introduction, that will really help get some 
confidence.  
Saurabh Kalra: 
Okay. So, I will give you a little bit of flavor on it. So, obviously when you look at the 
average unit volume, and you compare it to the comparative store sales, which actually 

 
 
Page 8 of 20 
means that all our restaurants which were present last year have done 3% better, so 
their AUV is higher. The AUV on a totality basis is lower because of some of the new 
store additions and for some stores which might have shut down, one or two stores 
which we would have shut down. So, if you look at in totality, the momentum of growing 
has come back. I know some of the new stores might not have been at the system level, 
which is causing some kind of, to me a transitionary blip because we opened the 
number of stores we did. And we also expect them to reach system level in the next 
couple of years. So, there will be some momentum which will come from that side.  
 
And like I said, we are a momentum business. Finally, we have reached positive. It does 
not always change in one quarter. I remember still time when we had launched the 
Happy Price Menu campaign in 2004, it almost took us three quarters of launching it to 
become positive, and then one year to really have the next five years rung of good 
positive numbers. So, we are true to our strategy, I think whatever we had laid down in 
Vision 2027, we have fairly committed to it. In fact, what we did do was, because of all 
this crisis we had augmented it and said accelerating value platforms is now one of the 
key agendas we have. We are comfortable with what we are providing as input and then 
we believe this is just a matter of time when you will start seeing the momentum shift 
to even better numbers.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
Sure. Thank you, Saurabh. So, safe to assume that it will be largely transactions driven? 
I am talking about the SSSG because you are focusing on value, so you are trying to get 
more and more footfall. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Yes, we would. We would largely want it transaction driven without having any impact 
on the average customer bill value. That's pretty much how we have always thought 
about things, and that should continue.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
Okay. And I think you mentioned in your remarks that you feel that dine-in is still not fully 
back, can you just dig a little deeper into that? Do you say that because some of your 
earlier, the impact of restaurants, are they still down in footfall? Are you expecting them 
to come back or is it something else?  
Saurabh Kalra: 
No, no, I do not think, I mentioned that in my comments but, however, I think there was 
a new baseline got established last year. And we have to improve from there. And we 
believe the growth will be broad based across channels and across types of stores. We 
did see even in the last quarter some of the regions are not performing as well and some 
of the regions really doing quite well. So, we have to work on those regions and that's 
how things will pan out. 

 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Okay. And did you exit this quarter, since you mentioned momentum, did you exit this 
quarter better than this overall 3%? And was the last few weeks better than 3%? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, overall if I were to say, it was a quarter which was pretty much at par. If I was to look 
at it very, very in detail, I would say the last 10 days in December weren’t as we would 
have expected it to be in the conventional sense. However, since January we see 
coming back. So, that's how it is.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
Okay. Thank you for that. One last question. If I am reading the numbers right, the royalty 
as a percentage of sales seems to be quite low, so what explains that?  
Saurabh Kalra: 
Last year December also we had told that that on an annual basis we reconcile all the 
incentives, etc., which comes from the McDonald's Corporation on store opening etc. 
So, all the numbers have been reconciled. They are not materially big impact on the 
annual basis, on one quarter it sometimes looks a little better.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
The next quarter you revert to what your normal royalty is as a percentage of sales.  
Saurabh Kalra: 
Our normal royalty is what given in our website on an annual basis. Beyond that, if there 
are any incentives, etc., pass-through, we do it once in a year in December. So, last year 
also you would see it was similar. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Sure, sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Avi from Macquarie. Please go 
ahead. 
Avi: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks a lot. I just wanted to check on the impact of geopolitical factors. How 
has that behaved in 3Q? And whether that is changing, given the recent agreements, 
etc. that have come. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Hi, Avi. How are you doing? Hope you are well.  
Avi: 
Yes.  
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, actually, Avi, I look at it a little differently. There was a new base that got established 
last year. We not necessarily looking at it. And for us its history, it happened. We are not 
doing anything extraordinary for any type of cohort, specifically for any geopolitical, 
etc., ratios. We have taken it as a part of our base, and we are saying how do we grow 
from there. And the good news is, some momentum got built last quarter. 

 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Akshay Jatia: 
Correct. And largely, we are seeing a lot of appreciation of our efforts. There are some 
stores that still have some of this overhang. But largely, like Saurabh said, its history for 
us and we are focusing on building momentum through the value leavers or the levers 
in general that we have spoken about.  
Avi: 
Got it. So, I mean, where I was coming from is, you pointed towards gradual 
improvement in demand, your initiatives are on track, on value, doing very well over 
there. I just wanted to get some comfort on whether the macro, is it giving us any sense 
of expecting a sequential improvement in same store sales growth trends as we go 
forward. And the only thing that I was trying to kind of balance the equation was this, 
which is the base of the question. So, would it be fair to say that it looks all in place for a 
potential – 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Avi, I will give you this answer in a little bit other way. When people leave a brand for a 
certain reason, new habits get created. It is not a switch on or a switch off. I think that's 
why I said we created a new base. The IEO growth remains pretty much muted for the 
entire year, which is the informal eating out sector. Luckily, western fast food is doing 
quite okay, which is also reflected in our 9% growth overall. But the eating-out 
occasions have not grown or have remained muted. In fact, OND, with whatever we see, 
is almost flattish as much as July, August, September, if not a little lesser. So, that's what 
we see. So, how I would read it is, there are new habits got created and we need to 
improve from where we are. And we are no longer talking about any factors impacting 
directly or indirectly.  
Avi: 
Got it. Got. Just a follow-up on that, given this weak demand environment across this 
industry that you are witnessing, has there been any change in competition or 
competitive intensity whether it is from peers or aggregators?  
Saurabh Kalra: 
Whenever there will be pressure, everybody wants to give the best value to the 
consumer. Eventually, when I look at it for us, right, we have put our best value offering 
on everyday affordable pricing there of what is good for the business and what is good 
for the consumer and what is good for us, being able to have a sustainable business 
result. That's why we look at it this way, saying, we have to do what we have started out 
for ourselves. So, I do not see anything from a competitive standpoint because we 
discuss what do the consumers want. In this environment value will work, and therefore 
our number one goal right now is to accelerate the value platform.  
Avi: 
And I think there is closure or something?  
Akshay Jatia: 
Sorry Avi. I think we do also talk about value in its entirety, which is our value for money 
proposition. So, it's not only an entry level price point, it's the right price point across 

 
 
Page 11 of 20 
our entire pricing ladder. So, whether it's at the entry level, at the core level, or at the 
premium level, we feel that it's the best quality product at the best price possible for the 
customers that makes a difference. And we supplement it or complement it with our 
experience as well as the quality hygiene standards that we offer at a McDonald's, 
whether it's at the restaurant or through delivery drive-thru or omnichannel experience. 
So, I do not want you all to get caught up in the thought that value is just price. That's 
what I just wanted to clarify. And like Saurabh said, we want to maintain this that a new 
base has been created, and we are gradually improving from there. We are quite pleased 
with how our initiatives are being appreciated by customers and we feel like we have 
the right product portfolio as well as the use case occasions are drawn out. And we are 
quite excited about our FY ‘26 plans as well. 
Avi: 
Got it. Fairly clear, Akshay and Saurabh. Thanks a lot for this. I will come back in the 
queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Jay Doshi: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. First is, could you give us some update on how your 
chicken venture has progressed over the last two years since you launched, in how 
many restaurants you have fried chicken available today of your overall network? And 
what would the ballpark salience be that you would have reached in those restaurants? 
Akshay Jatia: 
Sure. So, I think we have it in all our restaurants in the South, as we have always 
maintained. And select restaurants in other geographies where we feel the chicken 
eating occasion is relevant. I think you know we have made good progress in terms of 
our platform. We now have a holistic platform where we have a mixed McSpicy range, a 
McCrispy range, as well as wings in the McSpicy format. So, we feel like now we have 
the right bone in offering. In addition to that, we have our burger chicken as well as our 
chicken sides, which include Chicken Nuggets, etc. So, I think we have done a lot of 
good work in establishing this portfolio. And additionally, we further improved the 
product with our most recent roll out in this quarter ensuring that customers are 
viewing this as a differentiated product.  
 
So, we have done a lot of process product improvement. And long story short, this 
quarter is when we are launching our final version of the back-end product. And moving 
forward, we are very bullish as we bring customers back to our restaurants in using this 
as an added lever to add an occasion as well as build credibility as well as leadership in 
the chicken category, or further build credibility and establish leadership in the chicken 
market. And I think that's why we are so bullish on the South as well. And it's one of the 
growth levers that still has to play out for the years to come.  

 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. Akshay, would it be possible to give us a count in terms of how many 
restaurants you have these products available? And whether it is high single digit 
salience as a percentage of ADS or double digit? I believe you had called it out early on, 
the initial year that you launched. And we know is whether it is improved in terms of 
salience, or it has tapered off or it's – where it is? 
Akshay Jatia: 
 Yes, sure. So, we have 160 restaurants, I can share that. In terms of ads, it's remained 
largely stable. It has not grown exponentially. But we have seen a stable base over the 
last six months. We have not broken-out the number, this is the first time. But at the 
right time we will share some more flavor. Because like I said, we have been constantly 
working on getting the foundation right because it's required a holistic approach, which 
includes the product, the training, the mindset, the mindset that we want to establish 
for chicken leadership in the South. 
 
And on top of that, we have launched this McCrispy platform which includes bone and 
chicken, as well as McCrispy Chicken Burger, which is again targeted towards our 
Southern customers as well as customers in the West who enjoy eating chicken 
burgers. So, I think you will only see ADS go up moving forward. And at the right time, 
we will give some flavor in terms of how it's contributing to growth. As of now, like I 
maintain, the growth levers still needs to play out.  
Jay Doshi: 
 Understood, thank you. Second is on value, you did partly answer the question in 
response to the previous question. Again, is it possible to sort of give us some 
quantitative data points which kind of help us better understand how your strategy or 
your focus on value earlier this year or doubling down on value has helped either in 
terms of driving transactions or has the mix changed in favor of value?  
The reason of asking this question is, when we look at one of your peers, the post-
delivery fee waiver and slightly more sharper pricing, they have seen massive pick up in 
same store sales growth. So, are you seeing any such signs or do you anticipate similar 
trends in your business also maybe a quarter or two down the line?  
Akshay Jatia: 
So, Jay, I mean, sorry to interrupt, I got the gist of your question. I think like we maintain 
in our commentary as well, we have already seen a gradual improvement where we are 
at 3% year-on-year same store sales growth. And it's come on the back of guest count-
led growth, which means that our value proposition is working. But I want to maintain 
that value for us means value across the board. Obviously, sharp communication 
around entry level price points does help customers enter the restaurant, but we do a 
very good job in terms of creating them up as well, because we want to maintain 
profitability as we keep adding average unit volume. That's when operating leverage 
truly plays out. We do not want to cannibalize and downgrade our customers. So, I think 

 
 
Page 13 of 20 
the quantitative indication is already there in our current quarter same store sales 
growth which has been primarily guest count led. And we have managed ensuring that 
value has been across the board because our average check has remained largely 
stable. So, I think that's how I would look at it. 
Jay Doshi: 
 Sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishnan Sambamoorthy with Nirmal 
Bang Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Krishnan Sambamoorthy: Hi, Akshay and Saurabh. Over the last couple of years, all of your peers have ranked up 
their value offerings. Both of you also mentioned at the beginning that you have 
retained your value leadership. But has there been any perceptible loss in your value 
market share over the last couple of years, so the state of launches by peers? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So, I mean, as we mentioned again in our commentary, in fact our value scores and 
affordability perception scores have increased significantly. And as a result, we have 
also seen a quantitative output or outcome, which is our increased customer footfall. 
So, I mean, we answered that already. But again, to reiterate, we definitely are the leader 
in terms of value for money, in terms of brand scores, as well as affordability perceptions 
scores which are increasingly important for brand trust.  
Saurabh Kalra: 
And I think for us, quality of the consumer is as important as the value platform, which 
is sustainable to us, so that balances out the needs of the three stakeholders, right, you 
guys shareholders, the second part of the consumer, whether that proposition is good 
enough. And the third part is for company profitability because we want to grow 
through internal accruals. So, when you think about value platform, we think quite 
strategically about it. So, whatever value platform you see, we believe they are good 
enough to be able to maintain high quality consumer intake to the brand and this is 
something which we can sustain. We have got internal norms around what do we do for 
entry level, what do we do from mid-tier, what do we do from the premium side of it. But, 
I mean, we like to be within those ratios because back to us is broad based growth which 
also signifies good quality growth. So, that's how we think about it.  
Krishnan Sambamoorthy: That's clear. Thanks a lot. The next question is from the pricing. The 50-basis point that 
has been initiated in Q3, in what month was this done? Was it there for the whole 
quarter? And has it been more in the premium end of the portfolio and McCafe, given 
what has happened to the coffee prices? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Good news is, you were not able to observe it, so I think our pricing was pretty good. It's 
a small portion; it was done on a few leverages on a few products where we were 

 
 
Page 14 of 20 
actually cheaper than most people in the marketplace. So, we keep doing this activity, 
50 bps, yes, it's not substantial, we did it in November. 
Krishnan Sambamoorthy: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. So, just one question on the margin side. 
Effectively what I read is that it is largely because of the suppressed AUV that the 
margins are getting impacted.  
Saurabh Kalra: 
Gaurav, sorry, your voice is pretty – Gaurav, sorry, you will have to repeat it, your voice is 
completely broken. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Yes. Is it better now? Are you able to hear me now? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Yes, it’s slightly better. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Yes. So, the question is, I understand that the margin impact is largely because of the 
negative leverage. But at what level of the AUV do you think that you can possibly 
achieve the 2027 guidance in terms of the margins?  
Saurabh Kalra: 
Let me answer it differently like what I had answered earlier. I think we had to invest in a 
few areas, which we did at that point in time. Now we will see sequentially we improving 
our profitability literally for a few quarters to be able to retain our baseline. I would not 
go with AUV guidance. There is work which we can do now to be able to bring back our 
base number on profitability. So, that's the endeavor and that's how we are thinking 
about it. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sorry, if you can be more clear, it did not help me answer my question. I mean, see, the 
thing was that earlier, even a 6.5 kind of AUV and even 7 kind of AUV we are clocking 
around 12%, kind of pre-IndAS numbers. So, given the entire condition, that I am sure 
that you would have given the cost line items more better, the understanding would be 
that even at a lower maybe AUV probably you can still achieve the margin guidance that 
you have given. That is what I actually wanted to understand. 
Akshay Jatia: 
So, Gaurav, we cannot understand, the call is very broken so we cannot understand 
what you are saying. So, we will take this offline, we can answer your question. Chintan 
can get back to you. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay, sure. Thank you. 

 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignanshu Gor from Bernstein. Please 
go ahead. 
Jignanshu Gor: 
Hi. Thank you so much for taking my question. I hope I am audible.  
Saurabh Kalra: 
Yes, loud and clear.  
Jignanshu Gor: 
Okay, great. So, congratulations on improving performance. I think it sounds that the 
dine-in especially is coming back. So, the context for my question is your 2027 Vision 
statement. And I know you touched upon this earlier, specifically from achieving the 
AUV perspective. My question was, of course, we are behind on our straight-line 
trajectory from where we would want to be from. ‘22 to ‘27 given the market conditions. 
In your view, what would be the key levers that you think will come in handy to transition 
from the current AUV number that we have at around Rs. 60 million to let's say around 
Rs. 70 million which we need at the mid-range of our ‘27 Vision numbers? So, is it guest 
counts? Is it a better mix with more premium products, more AUV per customer, dine-
in versus this, so what are your like top one or two ideas that you think should have the 
highest impact in that growth? 
Akshay Jatia: 
I think, Jignanshu, we had laid down Vision 2027 with clear priorities on the deck saying 
what is it that we intend to do in order to get AUV. However, there was a part on making 
sure that we continue to lead family and meal occasions, the second one was around 
menu. Third one, the rest of the two were more around growth in terms of the new 
stores etc. But to me, while augmenting menu and product innovations continue, our 
menu continues to be an important leaver which you are going to see us play out. I think 
the guest count coming into value is an important lever for us in the short and medium 
term to be able to ensure that we are continuously building some momentum in the 
business.  
Jignanshu Gor: 
Okay. That's very helpful. And in fact, offers me a segue into my second and final 
question. You said one of the reasons SSSG was positive was driven by guest count, 
which in turn was driven by value products. Now, from my understanding, majority of 
the menu additional launches that we did were slightly premium than their existing 
counterparts. Value focus was largely on combos.  
Akshay Jatia: 
So, I am sorry, I am just going to interrupt there, Jignanshu. I covered it in my questions 
– sorry, my answers preceding this where I mentioned that value for us means broad 
based value, value across price points. We followed multiple strategies and tactics 
through our retail network in the last quarter where we were communicating value 
across our entry level price point, our core, as well as the affordable premium price 
point. So, we made sure that we were bringing in customers by activating our 

 
 
Page 16 of 20 
restaurants on the ground through entry level price points. We were trading them up 
and we were also communicating on media about our affordable premium price points, 
as well as our entry level. So, it was broad based value for money, and I have always 
maintained that, so just wanted to clarify that.  
Jignanshu Gor: 
That's very helpful, Akshay. Thank you. That the final part of that question which I 
wanted to complete was, we are comfortable with the value of products and hence the 
mix that we are getting post trading up etc. as being both gross and EBITDA margin 
accretive. And that's not a challenge that we see going forward.  
Akshay Jatia: 
Yes,  
Jignanshu Gor: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you so much. And all the best for Q4, yes.  
Akshay Jatia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions or clarification; one was on your 
new store addition. I know we are close to ending at FY ‘25, but when you are looking at 
the broad demand environment, and you touched upon how new store AUVs are lower 
than the mature stores and probably they are not trending as performance your initial 
expectations, would there be any change in the thought process on locations which you 
will want to open new stores in? Would you target more of smaller towns or you would 
want to again target deepening presence in the big cities which ensure a certain level 
of throughput for you? 
Akshay Jatia: 
Hi, Latika. No, I mean, there's going to be no change in our development process 
because we do not target cities basis only one factor. We use multiple factors in terms 
of evaluating our sites or the site pipeline that we put together. And this is actually built 
out over many years, not just one year because our real-estate process spans over nine 
months in terms of identification to opening. So, nothing changes overnight. And again, 
like we have always maintained, we are invested for the long term. And all of the 
locations that we are opening are projected over a 25 to 30 years’ timeline. So, in the 
long run, I mean, all of them will be cash cows. 
Latika Chopra: 
And this current pace of store addition is fairly comfortable for you? 
Akshay Jatia: 
Sorry, could you repeat that? 

 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Latika Chopra: 
The current pace of stored additions, the 45 to 50 stores -- 
Akshay Jatia: 
Yes, long term profitable for us. 
Latika Chopra: 
All right. The second bit was, you answered a similar question for chicken, and I was just 
trying to check with you on the coffee piece in terms of salience, any incremental flavor 
on how is that trending for you? Is that salience very varied across different 
geographies? What more can you do on beverages? If you can elaborate a bit more on 
that. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Sure. So, like we have always maintained, this is just the beginning of the coffee journey. 
It's a lever that again is going to play out, because our consumption story still has to play 
out even as a country as well as a category. Cafes are definitely helping along with 
players like us who have set up the proposition in terms of creating the market and 
educating customers in terms of what good coffee is. And I think we are very well poised 
to take advantage of that in the coming years. We have a great proposition, we have 
400-plus McCafes. And I think the strategy is across cities, specifically our key cities 
where we see McCafe as a very established part of our brand now. And it's about 
increasing trials as well as frequency. So, I think we have done a great job. And the 
growth has to still play out. 
Latika Chopra: 
Sir, the salience of coffee in your overall ADS is stable over the last -- 
Akshay Jatia: 
It's growing. It is growing. 
Latika Chopra: 
It's growing. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Yes. 
Latika Chopra: 
Okay. And the third bit I wanted to check was on price, how do you think about price 
increased? I know there's been a lot of focus on value and there's a focus on guest count 
improvement. But in the past, historically, you have taken a low single digit kind of 
pricing on an annualized basis, because there is some inflation in the system always. So, 
how are you thinking about that for the coming fiscal? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Exactly how we have always thought about pricing. that you cannot fall way below 
inflation for multiple years for sure. So, every year we take small, small price, do not be 
shy of taking small price increases. And taking at least 50% of what the inflation is 
running as price increase would remain a norm. So, typically 2% to 4% of price increase 
is what we have conventionally taken, not more than 1% or 2% at one go. For the year, it 
might be 2% to 3% or 2% to 4%. So, we will continue doing what we have always done. 

 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Latika Chopra: 
Understood. And absolutely last bit, MAU numbers that you have shared that they are 
up low double digit. I just wanted to check whether this is the kind of growth that's also 
translating in terms of the absolute value sales that you are doing through your own 
approximately ordering? Basically, is the own app delivery orders increasing at a pace 
similar to MAU growth, how should we think about it? Thank you. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
The MAU actually both are of our own channels, which is our delivery app and also on 
the app which we do dine-in. So, it's the cumulative number, we do not break out. But 
having said that, I think the delivery growth is coming out of all three, right, the third-
party operators like Swiggy and Zomato, and our own app. The good news is, our own 
app is not lagging behind for sure as far as the percentage of growth is concerned. 
Latika Chopra: 
Alright, thank you. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prathamesh Dahake from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Prathamesh Dahake: 
Hi. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are audible sir. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Yes, yes, loud and clear. 
Prathamesh Dahake: 
Yes. Sir just wanted to check, if I were to break down the growth as well as SSSG in this 
quarter, how much impact of festivals versus transactions do you see being factored 
into this quarter? And will the impact of the festivals, if there is any, go off in the coming 
quarters? 
Akshay Jatia: 
See, we have never looked at it this way. Luckily, all festivals are cyclical. They are all built 
in the base exactly like that, so we do not believe there are good times, there are bad 
times. For me there was no positive or negative impact of festivals, they were like to like 
what it was last year. So, I would not attribute positively or negatively around any of this. 
Prathamesh Dahake: 
I asked because last year the 3rd Quarter was negative 9% SSSG. So, I mean, did we get 
any benefit of that lower base something like that? 
Akshay Jatia: 
Again, as we have mentioned, we believe that the growth that we have seen is coming 
on the back of the new baseline that was achieved and primarily linked to all our efforts 
in terms of value for money and hence it's been primarily guest count led, and we do 
not attribute it to any specific days or any specific events. That's why we report SSSG 

 
 
Page 19 of 20 
quarter -- year-on-year. And that gives you a sense in terms of how growth is playing 
out. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
I also gave a flavor of when there is a negative trajectory in a retail environment, it 
generally you would not come out of it immediately. I think this would be the shortest 
run of negatives where we have been able to come out of it in four quarters. Normally, 
you will not see that in a retail environment if you look it from that standpoint, because 
a lot of it is behavior linked, a lot of it is consumer habit linked. Things do not change, 
switch on and switch off. And it's not that since last quarter you were negative nine so 
now your base should come back because unfortunately that's not how consumers 
work as humans. 
Prathamesh Dahake: 
Okay. My next question was with respect to numbers. Sir, our store level payroll 
expenses have fallen sequentially. So, should we consider this as the new base for the 
coming quarter and the coming quarters, if I were to say? 
Hrushit Shah: 
Yes. So, as you rightly pointed out, sequentially we have seen improvement in our 
margins, right. And Saurabh has also rightly pointed out in terms of the effort is in terms 
of maintaining the margins as we go ahead. So, your hypothesis is in the right direction. 
Prathamesh Dahake: 
Okay, fine. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshad Gadekar from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshad Gadekar:  
Yes, hi. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are audible, sir. 
Harshad Gadekar:  
Yes. So, congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir my question is on the, recently a 
lot of food delivery platforms have started 10, 15 minutes of delivery, and burgers are 
their one of the prime menus, so how it has been fared for us? That’s question number 
one. Question number two is on, how much of our overall exposure as regards the online 
food delivery platform has shifted to this kind of 10, 15 minutes delivery format? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Luckily on the food side of it, that has not actually been a significant portion yet. In the 
last quarter we had tried out a few restaurants, we are now expanding the number of 
store based on 15-minute delivery, etc. But if you look at it, burgers any which ways 
mostly are majority of orders get delivered in 20 to 25 minutes even with the third-party 
operating partners. So, I do not foresee too much change coming on that side. It could 
be an interesting marketing proposition for the consumers. And if it does that, it augurs 

 
 
Page 20 of 20 
well for us in the future. But right now, I have no evidence to say if the offering of 15 
minutes is doing anything for the system yet. 
Harshad Gadekar:  
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishna Shah from Ashika Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Krishna Shah: 
Good evening, sir. I have only one question regarding the store account. So, we are 
hoping to open close to 45 to 50 stores as guided at the start of the year, and we have 
so far had a net addition of 24 stores. So, are we in line of meeting our guidance for the 
near term?  
Akshay Jatia: 
So, our guidance remains the same. And yes, we are on track  
Krishna Shah: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have no further questions, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, 
gentlemen. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Thank you so much everyone, everyone. And see you next quarter. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Westlife Foodworld Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: Please note that this transcript has been edited to correct any inadvertent grammatical inaccuracies 
or language inconsistencies that may have occurred while speaking. The audio of this call is available here.  
