 
 
UFLEX/SEC/2025/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 21, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject   : Transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on 17th February, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on 
Monday, 17th February, 2025. 
 
Request you to take on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For UFLEX LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
(Ritesh Chaudhry) 
Sr. Vice President - Secretarial &  
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
Encl: As above 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/l, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Code :  UFLEX 
The BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationships Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building,  P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  Fort,   
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code :  500148 
RITESH 
CHAUDHRY
Digitally signed by RITESH 
CHAUDHRY 
Date: 2025.02.21 19:04:38 
+05'30'

 
UFLEX LIMITED 
 
Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025, 04:00 P.M. IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJESH BHATIA – GROUP PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, UFLEX LIMITED 
MR. SURAJIT PAL – VICE PRESIDENT, HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
UFLEX LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
HOST:                            MR. SACHIN BOBADE – DOLAT CAPITAL MARKETS  
 
ACTIVE Q&A PARTICIPENTS: 
 
o 
Chirag Singhal - First Water Capital 
o 
Prashant Rishi - Cascade Capital 
o 
Darshan Jhaveri - Crown Capital 
o 
Kaushik Poddar - KB Capital Markets 
o 
Mehul Savla - RW Equity 
o 
Aman Kumar Sonthalia - A K Securities 
o 
Saket Kapoor - Kapoor Stock Brokings & Company 
 
 
 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 2 | 27 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the UFlex Limited Q3 and 9 Months 
FY '25 Results Conference Call, hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sachin Bobade from Dolat Capital. Thank you, and over to 
you. 
Sachin Bobade: 
Thank you, Yashashri, and good evening, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I 
welcome you all to the Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of UFlex Limited. Hope you 
all and your family members are staying safe and healthy. From the management 
side, we have with us Mr. Rajesh Bhatia, Group President and Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Surajit Pal, Vice Chairman, Investor Relations.  
                                             Now I hand the floor to Mr. Surajit Pal for his opening remarks, and then we'll have 
the management remarks. Thank you. 
Surajit Pal: 
Thank you, Sachin. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the 
Q3 9 months FY '25 earnings conference call of UFlex Limited. Let me draw your 
attention to the fact that our discussion on this call will include certain forward-
looking statements, which are predictions, projections, or other estimates about 
future events. These estimates reflect management's current expectations about the 
future performance of the company. Please note that these estimates involve several 
risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from 
what is expressed or implied.  
                                             I would now request Mr. Rajesh Bhatia, our Group President and CFO, for his opening 
remarks, following which we will open the forum for an interactive question-and-
answer session. Over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Thank you. Hello. Thanks a lot for introducing me on this call, Surajit. Hi, everybody. 
I think I'll start with saying that this has been a very decent quarter as you would have 
all seen from the quarterly reports, financials as well as the investors' deck. The key 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 3 | 27 
 
highlights being the revenue is up 12.8% on a year-on-year basis and to about 
INR3,774 crores,. and while we've also seen a volume growth of 6.3%.  
                                             So, the differential between the revenue growth of 12.8% backed by the volume 
growth of 6.3% very well explains the margin improvement in the business in the 
current quarter. So, we had a 13.8% EBITDA margin for the quarter versus 11.4% in 
Q2. So, they are clearly evident that the margin expansion has happened. And even 
when we look at the 9-month performance also, the EBITDA margin is at 12.6%, which 
gives a Y-o-Y growth of 1.1%. 
                                             The other notable things are that Aseptic Packaging capacity utilization in the leanest 
period of the year, which is Q3 from October, November, and December is also above 
100%. It's actually at 104%, while in the same period of last year, the capacity 
utilization was 84%. So clearly, you see 20% higher in this Q3 versus FY '24 Q3.  
                                             Similarly, in certain other jurisdictions, where we were having a lower capacity 
utilization because of various issues and all that, Nigeria being one where the 
currency devaluation had played havoc in the past couple of years. So, we saw the 
plant utilization for that improving to 90% in this quarter, which is the highest ever 
we've achieved so far. In Q2, we had achieved 64%, but we expect that going forward, 
Nigeria plant, we'll be able to operate at 100% capacity utilization.  
                                            Even the Mexico plant capacity utilization reached 98% in this quarter, which was 85% 
in Q2. The Poland plant still continues to have a lower capacity utilization, less than 
70%. So that remains -- still there's room for improvement in that. And this quarter, 
after 4 quarters, at least, we had a positive PAT of INR111 crores as we didn't witness 
any negative currency devaluation. Rather in this quarter, there has been a positive 
currency devaluation of Nigeria, so the devaluation impact in this quarter is actually 
positive by about INR26-odd crores. So that gives us a PAT of about INR111 crores. 
                                             The other things that we announced along with the highlights for the quarter was that 
the Government of India with effect from 1st April 2025 have mandated the norms 
for use of the recycled materials in the rigid plastics as well as in the flexibles. So, in 
the rigid plastics, the country is starting with the 30% recycled material to be used 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 4 | 27 
 
along with 70% virgin material. And in the flexible side, the stipulation is 10% to begin 
with from 1st April '25.  
                                             And given our previous experience into recycling, where we mastered the art of 
recycling with smaller facilities over many plants over the last few years, starting way 
back from mid-'90s. There's a time now to look at expanding your recycling facilities 
because the customer will need blended material, not only a virgin material, which 
we've been making so far, but a blended material with the recycled content changing 
as per the government directives. 
                                            This apart, we're going to set up a PET bottle recycling facility at a new facility in Noida. 
There will be polyethylene recycling also and multi-layered plastic recycling, also for 
which we are going to spend about INR317 crores for setting up this facility. I know 
that there will be a delay in the way that the market needs it. But we expect that even 
the implementation of this new facility will also have its own hiccups and all that, and 
the present requirements, maybe we can -- customer requirements, maybe we can 
meet with our existing capacities to the extent we can. But I think if we invest in -- we 
need to invest in this because ultimately, our customer will need a blended material, 
and we need to be prepared ourselves today for achieving that. 
                                             Other than that, we've also announced the WPP bags investment of about 50 million 
in Mexico, which will take care of the North America and South America markets. So, 
this is not flexible packaging. This is the WPP bags, which are used in the pet food 
industry, a very specific product. We've set up a separate company in Mexico, which 
will implement this project, and we're spending about $50 million in terms of making 
-- investing in this plant.  
                                             Other than that, our existing expansion of our Aseptic facility in India from 7 billion 
packs to 12 billion packs has already achieved the mechanical completion. We have 
proceeded towards commercializing commercial operations. And similarly, for our 
216,000 MTPA PET chips facility at Egypt also, that has also achieved mechanical 
completion, and we are taking steps to make that operational as well. 
                                             We had also announced in the last quarter, our Aseptic Packaging expansion even at 
Egypt also. So that's also underway. And during the quarter, we've spent about $19 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 5 | 27 
 
million on that facility. And we look to complete that -- try to complete that within FY 
'26. But let's see as to -- we'll be closer to the event; we'll give you more updates 
about that.  
                                            The debt has increased with all the expansions and all that. So, while in a 9 months 
period, we've spent close to about INR1,100 crores on the capex, the net debt 
increase is about INR550-odd crores, which means that we've spent -- we've 
liquidated. Even with this expansion, we've lowered our debt, and the existing 
amortization is happening in a natural process.  
                                             So, as we get into FY '26, I think we will get the advantage -- start getting the 
advantage of our chips plant, of our Aseptic facility in Sanand. And just by these 2, we 
expect that these should add about -- on a full utilization basis, this should add to 
anywhere between INR2,200 crores to INR2,400 crores annually -- plus the CPP in 
Mexico, which is already more or less completed. 
                                             So, these 3 will give us anywhere between INR2,200 crores to INR2,500 crores of the 
top line at a full capacity utilization basis. So, I think we can -- maybe FY '26, we'll 
achieve partial, but FY '27, we will achieve its full potential. And then we will have 
these 3 new facilities of recycling WPP bags and 12 billion Asepto capacity coming 
into play from FY '27 and onwards, which will give us additional revenues as well as 
the profitability. 
                                             The net debt to EBITDA ratio is reasonable at about 3.24x. And we expect that the 
earning momentum in the packaging and the packaging films, we've seen the EBITDA 
expansion. So that trend will continue in the current quarter as well in FY '26. And 
this will come from the higher margins as well as from the higher utilization of our 
various facilities. And for the year as a whole, we expect that the Mexico as well as 
the plant in Nigeria, we'll achieve 100% capacity utilization for the whole of the FY 
'26, which will give us the margin expansion in these 2. 
 
Currency stabilization in Nigeria also gives a lot of boost in terms of planning in a 
much better way, and that is what we saw in this quarter when we had an 8% 
currency appreciation vis-a-vis as on 30th of September and that led to higher 
demand, more balanced planning for your cash flows, for your receivables. 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 6 | 27 
 
 
So, I think that is sort of very positive for the business as such. In India also, the 
demand continues to be strong and the expansion in the export markets continue to 
be the main focus of the Indian players. And we've seen in the last 2 years that there 
is a 52% increase in the exports from India for the BOPET and much lower export 
expansion in the BOPP side. 
 
But the real test of that will come later this year when we will -- the new capacities 
from the new facilities getting commissioned on the BOPP side comes into play 
Maybe in Q1 -- towards the end of Q1 in the fiscal FY '26. 
 
So that in a nutshell is our take on the Q3 performance and the operations and the 
proposed investments in the recycling and WPP bags. That is happening in Mexico, 
but the recycling investment is happening at our Noida facility. The new facility it's 
not in the existing premises. It's new land and building what we are building for this 
project. 
 
Thank you, gentlemen. And I would open the house to the questions, and we'll be 
happy to address all your queries to the best of my knowledge and abilities. And if 
there's anything that we can't answer, I think our teams can always be in touch and 
get back. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our first question from the line of Chirag Singhal from First Water Fund. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the performance of overseas plants. So, in Egypt 
and Poland, we saw a dip in the utilization. So, is this due to some lack of demand or 
let's say some temporary issues such as technical issues at the plant? And if you can 
provide capacity utilization guidance for these two plants for FY '26? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
No. Which one are you referring to? 
Chirag Singhal: 
Egypt and Poland. If you look at sequentially, there was a dip in the capacity 
utilization. So, what are the reasons for that? And if you can provide guidance for FY 
'26? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, as I said that the Europe still continues to be affected Demand continues to be 
affected because of the specific things to the Europe, which we've already told many 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 7 | 27 
 
times on the call. And the other reason is that the India has increased its exports to 
European countries, and that's the reason why you see that though in the Q3 of FY 
'24, Poland plant capacity utilization was 61.5%. 
 
In Q2 of this year, we achieved about 68%, but we are back to 61% in the current 
quarter. And we'll try to achieve about 80% levels in the FY '26 for this. Egypt will 
come up fast. I think Egypt had some technical issues at the plant, and there may be 
their routine maintenance and all that. So that's a one-off. So, Egypt will remain at 
about 90-plus percent utilization level. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. And this is for FY '26? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes, FY '26. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Understood. My next question is on Asepto. So, we are very close to the 
commissioning of the debottlenecking. So how much time will it take to ramp up this 
expansion? And if you can also provide guidance in terms of sales volume for the FY 
'26. 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, FY '26, if I think out of 12 billion packs, if we can achieve anywhere around 
between 10.5 billion to 11 billion packs a year, I think we target that as of now for FY 
'26. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Got it. Regarding this WPP bags, so can you like provide some data points? What is 
the optimum capacity utilization, how much time it will take and the kind of top line 
and EBITDA margin that we can expect from this expansion? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, we spent $50 million in this and the top line that we will -- we are looking to 
generate from this will almost be the same number. The margins would be -- margins 
in this are higher because U.S. imports about 80% of its PET food bags, packaging 
from all over the world. But there is no nearshoring. 
 
So, there is nothing which is being supplied by Mexico, which is next door to this. So 
that is where we spotted this opportunity. So, the same product we make in India 
also and -- but that plant had a limited capacity and the larger players of the world, 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 8 | 27 
 
which are brands, which is Purina of Nestle and the two brands of Mars, which are 
Pedigree and Royal Canin. I think we are -- we'll be looking at selling them largely. 
 
So overall, this business should generate anywhere between 22% to 25% EBITDA 
margin. The ramp-up will take a bit of a time here because like in Asepto, in anything 
wherever you pack food, it takes time for you to get the customer validation of the 
product and all. So, the ramp-up here might take about a couple of years' time. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. So, this is more like, maybe initially, it will take time to ramp up until we have 
a base. And then I think just like in Asepto, we saw the expansions coming in and 
ramping up very fast. Are we also looking at this line of business? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Like Asepto, this is a very small capacity plant that we are going ahead with. And as 
you rightly said, when the product is accepted, and America has a huge deficit. They 
import as much as 80% of their PET food packaging requirements from outside of the 
USA. So, the opportunity here could be big. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Right. So, actually, my next question was on the exports from Mexico to U.S. So, you 
mentioned that we have strategically put this plant in Mexico because there is a good 
demand from the U.S. Now with this new scenario of 25% tariffs, if they get imposed 
and whenever they get imposed, so what are the alternatives available for us? I mean, 
our existing Mexico plant, we have one line that is dedicated to the U.S. So, if the 
tariffs are imposed, then what are the alternatives available? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, I think there are multiple options here. The first scenario is that this does not get 
implemented. And as we saw, this was levied but then withdrawn the next day and 
postponed for a month's period. And in the meanwhile, there have been positive 
statements from Mexican side also in terms of the increasing the border security and 
all that and infiltration. 
 
So hopefully, if that gets taken care of, there will be no duty. Other aspects are that 
if there are duty on Mexican products, if not 25, maybe 10, maybe 15, maybe 5, we 
don't know as yet. So, in all likelihood, all the other countries exporting to U.S. will 
also have some sort of duties or the other, which will put us on a level playing field 
vis-a-vis others who are exporting to America. 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 9 | 27 
 
 
But let's see. There are a couple of other options as well, maybe job work things also. 
But I think those are very, very premature as of now. But once there is something 
final, which is done by U.S., then only we'll take a final call as to what needs to be 
done on this. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Prashant Rishi from Cascade Capital. 
Prashant Rishi: 
My question was slightly related to the industry situation right now. If you could give 
us some color on the current overcapacity in the BOPP and BOPET segments, and 
some clue on the upcoming capacities in both the segments? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So BOPET is, yes, overcapacity is there. And that is where we are seeing that after the 
Q1 around 15th of June around, there was -- everybody started to look at exports in 
a big way, and that is where we are seeing that the exports from India have increased. 
There is a natural demand increase also in India by about 10% or so. So, over the last 
1.5 years, we've seen also that coming into play. 
 
And the higher exports from India means that there is a lesser domestic availability. 
So, to that extent, as of now, there is a near balance in the capacity. With the result 
that, the capacity utilization levels across -- if we see Q3 of FY '24 in India, we had a 
capacity utilization level of 73%, which is now 77%. It will gradually increase in FY '26 
as well. So more or less, the pain on the PET side seems to be over. 
 
On the BOPP side, it's quite balanced as of now. There is not much overcapacity, but 
there are 4 new capacities which are coming on stream in FY '26, June onwards. I 
think there will be some impact of that on the BOPP prices. And it will take maybe a 
couple of quarters the way PET industry behaved during this, while there was a price 
war that got started, but everybody realized that it does not help anybody. 
 
And so there has been an overall discipline and there has been export orientation by 
all the players, which has helped stabilize the prices on the PET side. So maybe if 
similar things happen on the BOPP side also, I think we see the much lesser pain than 
what was seen at the BOPET times. 
Prashant Rishi: 
What is the extent of capacity that is coming? You said 4 different capacities are 
coming in the BOPP line in FY '26, if you have any idea? 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 10 | 27 
 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Each plant, if you take about 4,000 tons also, per month, so about 15% and 80% 
capacity utilization levels. So, every month, there will be an excess product of about 
12,000 to 13,000 tons given the presently it is balanced. 
Prashant Rishi: 
12,000 to 13,000 tons per month of capacity will be there by FY '26 in BOPP? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. 
Prashant Rishi: 
And sir, in PET segment, is there any new capacity in the offering in the next 1 or 2 
years? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think next 1 year or so, there will be one plant more, which will be coming. That will 
be maybe in FY '27 or maybe later part of FY '26. 
Prashant Rishi: 
And the extent of capacity there, which is coming? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
4,000 tons a month. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Darshan Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Darshan Jhaveri: 
Firstly, congratulations on a great set of results, sir. So, sir, just wanted to know on a 
broad basis like how do we see the industry currently? And like the performance that 
we did in Q3 will it be similar in Q4? And how do we see FY '26 panning out for us? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, I think Q4 should be better for us given that this is the peak period for Aseptic, 
and the new capacity will give us some extra volumes for sure. The Q4 will also have 
some impact of Egypt PET facility coming into play and giving us additional volumes. 
So, these 2 are the incremental ones. And if we are able to maintain our base in the 
way we've done in the Q3 with the base being there, these 2 add-ons should give us 
a better numbers in the Q4. 
 
And obviously, FY '26, when we have a full year working of these 3 investments 
available, I think, as I said already, we are looking to add from there about INR2,000 
to INR2,400 crores kind of the revenue. And taking an average EBITDA margin of 
about 15% or so. So that should be able to give you additional EBITDA for FY '26 over 
and above your baseline for FY '25. 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 11 | 27 
 
 
And there might be some impact of the BOPP extra capacity coming into play. I'll not 
be able to foresee that. But given that as UFlex, we are a very small player in BOPP in 
India, and we are a much larger player on the BOPET side in India. I think that impact 
can be easily absorbed quite comfortably. 
Darshan Jhaveri: 
Correct, sir. But I think the 3 new capacities, you are saying INR2,000 crores, but that's 
at optimum level, right? What kind of utilization do we expect for like the next year, 
sir? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, I think the first year because the PET chips will not add to the revenues much. 
Why I'm saying so is because ultimately, if we are using that in our own plants and all 
that, so that sales will get negated. That will ultimately add to the margin profile. But 
Aseptic, if first year we are able to utilize from the new plant 80% capacity, I think we 
hope to grow in the next year. 
Darshan Jhaveri: 
Okay. Fair enough, sir. So, any broad like revenue guidance on a consolidated or 
EBITDA consolidated basis that we could look for, sir? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think we should look at about 12% to 15% over FY '25. 
Darshan Jhaveri: 
Okay. And with margins getting better? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Margins will be better, I can't say anything right now. So, FY '25 looks like we'll be 
able to achieve about INR2,000 crores of EBITDA, as I had said at the beginning of the 
year. So, we have already achieved INR1,425 crores in the first 3 quarters. And if we 
replicate the same number as what we achieved in Q3 and Q4, then we are about 
INR1,950-odd crores. And the additional volumes from the PET chips and Asepto 
expansion should take us to about INR2,000-odd crores of numbers for sure. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Kaushik Poddar: from KB Capital 
Markets. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
You have given the debt to EBITDA at around 3.25x. How do you see that panning out 
for '26 and '27? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
'26, we have to add on the debt because of the 2 projects that we've announced. We 
are looking at about INR750 crores of expansion, the money to be spent on these 2 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 12 | 27 
 
expansions. And then there is $126 million of Asepto packaging expansion announced 
in Egypt, of which about 19-20 million is already spent. So, I think we will spend about 
INR1,700 crores more in the new expansion, what is happening in the next couple of 
years. 
 
And so that will increase the debt. But as I said that if you see FY '25, 9 months, we've 
spent INR1,100 crores and the net debt increase is about INR550-odd crores. So, the 
natural amortization, which is already into play, which is about INR1,000 crores a 
year, will take care of the debt. Not much of the debt will get added to the overall 
numbers as of now. 
 
But still, I think we will have to see as to how much -- given that there is a INR1,700 
crores of the new expansions, which are announced, which have to sort of get 
concluded over the next couple of years. So, there will be some debt which will get 
added and about INR2,000 crores is the normal amortization during this period as 
well. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay. But you don't have a ready-made number at hand? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I don't have that number as of now. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay. And see, in Egypt for the aseptic packaging, has the first phase come into 
operation? When will it come in operation? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
No, no. Egypt, we just announced in the last quarter. So, we are expecting completion 
in FY '26 that we had given to the team, which means that even if it happens on time. 
So only FY '27 onwards, the operations will come into play. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So, this is a new 7 billion units, right? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
This is new 12 billion units. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
It's straight away 12 billion? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes, yes. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay. So initially, it was 7 billion, you have hiked it to 12 billion, and it will be 12 billion 
whenever it gets the commission? 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 13 | 27 
 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Egypt, we planned directly for 12 billion. 7 billion is the India existing capacity, which 
has been upgraded to 12 billion packs now. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay. But this 3.25x, whatever you have shown right now, can this be a ballpark figure 
at least for the next 2, 3 years? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
It might go up a little bit when but then as the operations will -- because when you 
complete the project, the debt gets added, but the revenue and profitability does 
not. So, it might go up a little bit when the project is under implementation. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And as to the recycling of used polymers, so for example, likes of the Hindustan 
Unilever or Nestle, they will obviously be using you for that percentage, right? I mean, 
so you'll be supplying them the combined recycled as well as virgin plastic. Is that the 
way it works? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
To their converters. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Yes. So, they will push their things to the converters, right? So, you're giving a 
certificate that this packaging is, say, 30% recycled and 70% virgin. Will it work that 
way as a converter? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
You said yes, is it? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay. So, have you been talking to the likes of Nestle and Hindustan Unilever on this 
issue? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
We're talking to all our clients that they need this support on an urgent basis because 
the law comes into force from 1st of April and industry as a whole is not ready with 
this capacity. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Industry as a whole. So, because of this industry not being ready and you people are 
ahead of others probably in this industry, some amount of... 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 14 | 27 
 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
It's a yearly commitment little bit. First year, everybody feels that the government 
will not be as rigid as it will be, but I think we'll have to see that how does this pan 
out. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Do you see any scope for increase in margin because of this new regime? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
100%. There will be definitely a scope to increase your margin because not many 
people will be able to sort of do that. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And do you expect the margin to be around 15% next year? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Margin I think let's keep 14% as of now. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
That's the bottom, is it? I mean, 14% to 16% can we take it or it's around 14%? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think around 14% is more comfortable. Let's see one more quarter. This quarter has 
been 13.8%, but let's see the next one quarter and then probably for FY26, then we 
can make a better guidance. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So plus minus 14% is what we can take it, is it? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
You're right. So blended if you see for the year FY25, 9 months is 12.6%. So, while for 
this quarter it is 13.8%, but for 9 months it is 12.6%. So, a guidance of 14% for the 
whole year FY26, I think, will be decent numbers to not very aggressive and not very 
unduly lower also. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And which hopefully will get ramped up with the commissioning of the other plants 
in '27, full year of functioning of some of the plants? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Recycling will definitely give you more margins to begin with as the industry will settle 
and all that. Obviously, the margin profile will get – in India it is normal there is a 
common thing going on then everybody wants to go in that field because everybody 
sees the extra margin. The leading players will take a lead, but then slowly and 
gradually everyone will come into recycled capability. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And this PET food packaging plant will be coming up in Mexico when? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Food packaging, also, we are targeting completion towards the end of '26. 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 15 | 27 
 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay. Thanks. I think I have taken a good amount of your time. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Mehul Savla from RW Equity. 
Please go ahead. 
Mehul Savla: 
Sir, just on the packaging business, while we are seeing growth, it's mainly coming 
from the liquid side. So, a flexible packaging outlook if you can give will be great? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Flexible packaging we've not done any capacity expansion there. The only thing we 
are trying to do is we are trying to improve our profile in that moving on to the more 
retort pouches and all that and leaving the roll form business, the lower margins roll 
form business. So, we're doing that trend. I saw Huhtamaki posted only about 5%, 5% 
odd operating margins, EBITDA margin in that business.  
                                             So, I think that business, clearly, nobody is expanding the capacity. And even we are 
also not expanding any capacity over there. So, that in a way the focus remains to do 
more value-added products rather than look to expand capacity because the margins 
still are very, very low in that business. So, it's a business which is there for us, but 
clearly not focus of any growth or any new initiatives other than that you move up 
the value chain in terms of what you are doing. 
Mehul Savla: 
Got it sir. And sir while having this whole shift to this mono-polymer, that also I think 
it seems to be more regulation driven rather than voluntary adoption. So, does that 
impact us in any way? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, with the new guidelines, which do not differentiate between a monomer or a 
multiple multilayered from a recycling perspective, I think India has settled the things. 
Europe also, the recycling is coming into play in a big way in the next few years. They 
are also starting now. But I think India has said that irrespective of whatever you use, 
whether you use monomer or X or Y, you have to have so much of recycled content 
in your material.  
                                             Now BOPP clearly cannot be recycled mechanically. While PET and PE, polyethylene 
can be mechanically recycled. So, if the guideline is that it should be 10% in that to 
begin with, and BOPP is not recyclable. So, the impact will come in PET, and you have 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 16 | 27 
 
to do balancing. It will come more at PET around 15%, 20% and in PE it will also come 
more.  
                                              So, I think those adjustments have to be made because the concept is on a mass 
balance basis and not, if you have a structure where you use BOPP, BOPP and PE, and 
the regulation is overall 10% should be recycled content. So those which cannot be 
recycled for that you can use 100% virgin, and which can be recycled you can use 
higher recycled content in overall you will achieve 10% of the norm. 
Mehul Savla: 
But from a technological point of view, that is not like a big challenge? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
No, that's not a challenge. 
Mehul Savla: 
That’s it sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Aman Kumar Sonthalia from 
AK Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Sir, my question is related to Asepto. Sir, there is two parts of this question. Number 
one is that, sir, recently in Uttarakhand and UP government has announced that they 
have made it mandatory to use Aseptic Packaging in local liquor. So, how much 
market will it create for UP and Uttarakhand?  
                                              And if it rolls over to other states also, then how big capacity requirement will be 
there? This is number one. And number two, sir, our total capacity of Asepto, 60% we 
sell in the domestic market and 40% in the overseas market. Sir, when we start this 
Egypt facility, so that 40%, which we used to export in the international market, Egypt 
will take care of that market, but that 40% will be increased in the domestic market. 
So, 40% plus this 5 billion extra capacity. So, whether we will be able to sell the entire 
capacity in the Indian market? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Please understand that there is still 1-1.5 years remaining for the Egypt plant to 
become operational. Our current focus is to utilize the excess capacity of 7 to 12 
billion packs as soon as possible. Once the new plant is installed, we will assess how 
much production will shift from India. Meanwhile, the Indian market is also growing. 
By the time the new plant is installed, if we can utilize the full capacity of 12 billion 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 17 | 27 
 
packs in India, with 30% being exported, and the Indian market continues to grow, 
everything will fall into place.  
                                             So, this tetra, which is coming in liquor and all that, this is a very big market. At 
present, there are only 2-3 states utilizing this packaging. UP already has been doing 
it, but they are talking of a special category. As I mentioned previously, the potential 
is enormous. If all states adopt tetra packs for liquor, we will need to increase our 
capacity by 4-5 times to meet the demand. 
                                             Unfortunately, two players are there in industry and in that we have a domination 
there. Tetra Pak is not big in this category. However, the focus on this category is not 
widespread across the industry yet. Governments are beginning to recognize the 
importance of this packaging to prevent counterfeiting and deaths caused by 
spurious liquor. This transition will happen gradually, but if it occurs suddenly, the 
existing capacity may not be sufficient to meet the demand. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Our recycling business is currently operating at 65% capacity. We are in the process 
of installing a new plant in Noida. Once this new plant is operational, do we expect to 
receive enough raw material to potentially achieve 100% utilization.  
Rajesh Bhatia: 
See raw material PET bottles which is there in India it is plenty and in this industry the 
government has allowed that you can import that also. So raw material side there 
won’t be any constraints. The existing capacity utilization for this recycling facility is 
low because nobody wants to pay extra money for the recycled material given that 
there is no legal requirement to do so.  
                                             So, all the big brands will do this under the compulsion of the law. Voluntarily there 
is not much scope. The self-discipline, the self-things that we say probably are only 
seen in the media reports and all that. But when it comes to actually putting the 
money on the table and spending a bit extra in terms of the recycled content, the 
companies don't do that. 
 
But with the regulation coming in, so as of now we have not done any large 
investments in this line because there was no regulation. But we knew that this is 
going to happen one day or the other. So, we were just keeping ourselves up to date 
with the smaller pilot plants or smaller investments to test the waters, to test the 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 18 | 27 
 
efficiencies. To test the technology so that as and when it comes, we have the head 
start that we have got, gives us an advantage over the rest of the competition. That's 
what the whole endeavour was. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Sir, does it still seem that it will start from 1st April? Or are there still doubts? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Sir, February is going to end so the government has not given any relaxation so far. 
So, assuming, it will happen, but the testing will be done for the year as a whole only. 
So, for the initial months, probably because the material is not going to be available 
so widely, it will take time for things to mature. So, it is the same as the battery 
charging stations versus the EV cars. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Sir, the ultra-high barrier film that we are planning to make in Hungary. Already we 
have received a lot of go ahead from customers. How big is this market and how big 
will be our capacity for it and how much margin will it have? 
Rajesh Bhatia 
Sonthalia Ji, I think I'll have to address this offline. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Okay. And sir, one last question, sir, regarding this debt. Every quarter, some debts 
increase because we see an exciting project every time. I think this is dampening the 
stock price a little bit in the stock market. So, whether the company is planning to 
trim this high leverage, is there any planning to keep it a little lower? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think as of now, I have no sort of guidance on this. So, whatever we are planning as 
of now, we are planning through a mix of debt and internal accruals. As I said, even if 
in the next 2 years we spend INR1700 crores and INR2000 crores gets repaid, so you 
are not added on to your ultimate debt level. If you see our overall debt-to-EBITDA, 
from the last 2 years we've done investment, but debt-to-EBITDA ratio is around the 
same only. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Sir, one last question. Sir, the big investment we have made in BOPP and BOPET, If 
we concentrate more on value-added films, then we will have less capex and more 
margin. So are we planning something like this, instead of putting new BOPET and 
BOPP plant, if we concentrate more on value-added films which will give us more 
margin? 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 19 | 27 
 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
We had planned value-added films only in Hungary and Egypt. But when COVID came, 
there was a huge shortage of the raw material. So that time, everything was selling 
because the material was in short supply. So, we didn't get the opportunity to sort of 
start working on that value-added films. And sir, value-added films, so we made good 
money during that period. 
 
Our plants and our investments got implemented at the right time by the grace of 
God, those were the good times to implement and start producing. But eventually, I 
think you are right because we'll have to do that. But sir, for value-added films, base 
films are necessary. For value-added films, you will have to make base films. So, I 
think we are now realizing that when these things became normal after 2023-2024, 
that is where we started putting emphasis on the value-added products. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, our presentation that we release is very complete. And in that, you express all the 
points in a descriptive manner in the form of literature. So, please continue this 
pattern. With this, we, the investors and analysts, get all the detailed information. So, 
I thank your team, sir. Sir, the second thing is about our debt levels. So, as on date, 
sir, what is our net debt in stand-alone and what is the net debt on consolidated? Can 
you tell us the absolute numbers? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, you want India's and overseas? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. Net debt level? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes, I will give it to you now. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Secondly, if you provide the specifications of the engineering activities that we do, 
what is the nature of it and what is the growth inclination in it? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, the net debt in India is INR2,650 crores. And the total consolidated is INR6,150 
crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir. And, sir, tell us the split between long-term and working capital? 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 20 | 27 
 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, your long-term is INR2,300 crores in India and INR5,450 crores overseas. This is 
gross. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, this is gross. So, you have to balance the net cash? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes, so the net cash balance will be required for both working capital and that too. 
My team is saying that the information is given in slide number 27 in our PPT. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir, I will see again, sir. Sir, the second point is that the engineering activities that 
we show as a line items, what is the key constituent of it? And what kind of work is 
this that we club in engineering activities? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, there are two types of things in engineering activities. One is our engineering 
facility where we make printing machines and packaging machines, including Aseptic 
Packaging machines also. So, that facility is used for making printing machines for the 
converting industry, and also for the packaging machines at the customer end. 
 
Now, if you want to fill bhujia in it, you need packaging machines for that. Or if you 
want to fill liquid in Aseptic, you need packaging machines for that. So, all these 
machines are made there. The other subset of that business is cylinders which are 
required in the printing. So, those cylinders, because they form part of the 
engineering activities, they also get clubbed under the engineering activities. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, sir, we source materials in this, and we do the finishing work as a job or this total 
engineering, everything is in-house work? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Everything is in-house. We buy the raw materials. If, for example, copper is used in 
cylinders or whatever components are required in engineering steel, aluminums, 
whatever is required, we buy all that. We have a full workshop of our own where we 
make these machines. We don't do any trading as such. We make it at our plant and 
give it to the customers. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I joined a bit late. So, if you have given this answer in the beginning, the trajectory of 
BOPP and BOPET margins, which we ended in the December quarter, the average, is 
it trending upwards or at what levels? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
It is at the same level. 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 21 | 27 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Regarding the value creation exercise, Mr. Surajit addressed investors in one or two 
forums, discussing how investors can derive the right value of the company through 
listing overseas subsidiaries or other corporate actions. Could you please provide an 
update on the current status of this initiative and when we can expect fresh 
information? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Look, it is still in the discussion stage. Nothing is finalized yet. So, it will be a little 
difficult to say at what stage the discussion is. When things will be done, you will be 
the first to know. We try to interact with consultants to guide us on how to add value, 
how to create value for our shareholders, we keep doing that. 
 
Unfortunately, we have not been able to reach at final stage yet. But as soon as we 
reach, we will keep you informed. Endeavour is there clearly, but the timeliness of 
the final decision making and all that is clearly, I am unable to give you any guidance 
on that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, you are correct. However, if a company operates with a specific purpose, it should 
have a clear timeline, such as achieving certain goals within 2 years, 2 anniversaries, 
or 2 calendar years. We should not make statements just for the sake of saying 
something; there must be merit in what we communicate. That is why I asked this 
question. 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
When you decide that you have to do it, then only you will be able to provide the 
guidelines and timelines. So right now, it is at such a stage that we are identifying 
what should be done. When it is decided what to do, then we will be able to provide 
the guidelines and timelines. 
Saket Kapoor: 
There are two more questions, sir. Our PAT margin is currently in the range of 2% to 
3%. Will this remain the same in the long run? While the EBITDA number is important 
for investors, the PAT and PBT numbers are crucial for deriving our earnings. Other 
line items are primarily used to service our banks. Are we aiming to maintain this 2% 
margin, or are we working towards incremental margins? This would likely require 
rationalization in our employee costs and other line items. 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Sir, as a business, we see at EBITDA margin basis. In this industry, our capital may 
today be more financed from the debt level that. And that is why at the PAT level, we 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 22 | 27 
 
have a higher interest. And the depreciation, we use that money to pay our loans. But 
eventually, when these get knocked off from the balance sheet, then only. 
 
Sir, regardless of the actions taken, depreciation will remain on the balance sheet. It 
represents a charge that corresponds to an actual cash outflow, as it is used for debt 
repayment. But even if that debt repayment is zero, that charge will remain in the 
balance sheet. The charge that can be reduced can only be the interest rate. For 
reducing this interest charge, we will somewhere sacrifice our growth and whatever 
is the new trending in the business and all that. So, unless the management says, we 
will fund our growth subsequent from the IPO market or from raising the equity and 
all that and very nominal amount from the debt financing levels and all that, then it's 
a different story. 
 
But at present today, with the kind of projects we have and the debt financing we 
take for that, I think you know I feel that these two liabilities expenses on the balance 
sheets - interest as well as principal - will remain. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And last two points to conclude sir, our other operating income and other income, 
the two-line items we show in income, if you can tell us the constituents of this and 
what are the factors that influence our other operating income and other income? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think we can get back to you offline on this. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, understood. I think so this has been the best quarter in terms of the profitability 
also and also the operational performance. So, according to the current quarter's 
performance, what consistency do you see? If we concentrate on the number above 
the exceptional line item, that is the PBT number before exceptional item, for 
consolidated level was at INR147 crore. 
 
Regarding the major constituents like other income and other operating income, how 
much consistency can we expect in these numbers going forward? Are the factors 
that contributed to this quarter still strong, or do you see them reversing? How 
reliable are these numbers for projecting our future work and planning?  
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think it is 100% achievable. The consistency is achievable ahead also. One factor I 
mentioned is the expected overcapacity in BOPP from the first quarter of FY '26. What 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 23 | 27 
 
is the impact of this as of today, and how soon will the industry address it? Other than 
that, all other aspects of the business seems manageable. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, what will be the percentage representation of BOPP, BOPET and Aseptic 
Packaging in our overall sales mix? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Our BOPP will be in India only. In India our total capacity is 164,000 out of which 
31,000 ton is BOPP which is approx. 20% of India capacity.  
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, India has a capacity of 20% BOPP of India's capacity and 80% is PET or CPP. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And at the consol level? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
On a consol level, total capacity is 6,20,000 tons and out of that BOPP is 1,50,00 which 
is ~24%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Ok, so we have a sense of overcapacity on this because of the commissioning of the 
new capacities. And sir, the power and fuel line item which you had discussed earlier, 
this line item is such that by investing in renewable we can lower our cost. Many 
manufacturing industries are doing this. So, what is the sourcing of our total power 
in the renewable segment and what is the future investment? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, right now, in Gujarat, our plant in Dharwad, we take about 70%-80% power from 
renewables. We have another big plant in Noida. So, we have contracted in Noida, 
but some policies of the UP government had to be changed because of which we 
were able to take electricity under that contract. We think that ultimately, in all the 
plants, we will take about 70%-80% power from renewables in the next two years. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what is our mix right now, sir? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Right now, it is coming in just one plant, 70%-80%, which is our plant in Dharwad. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. If we look at the total number, what is the percentage? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I don't have the total number right now, sir. 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 24 | 27 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, the line-item number 10, in which you mentioned items that will 
be reclassified to profit and loss account. Is this our investment losses or how should 
it be studied? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
These are our equity investments. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. These are for our foreign companies? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So, sir, why do we have to review the losses of INR1,233 crores? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
That comes due to conversion, due to FX conversion. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. It is a translation loss only? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you, sir, for your detailed information.  
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Aman Kumar Sonthalia from AK 
Securities. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Sir how is the industry pricing in Europe because in the past it was very high so 
whether it has come down? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. The prices are now normal, double of what they were pre-COVID. But it's 
manageable. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And sir, There will be an overcapacity of BOPP. So, whether it is confined to India or 
it is applicable to Hungary and Egypt also? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
We'll have one plant coming in Turkey also. But it is more of an India problem. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And sir there is a comment from Trump that the paper straw was removed, and it 
doesn't matter. They have re-implemented it. Do you think that this will boost plastic 
consumption? 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 25 | 27 
 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think that's a very valid point, what you have raised that he has endorsed plastic in 
a big way through his statement of this.. It's a good movement. But let's see its long-
term implication. I think it's good for the industry because he realized there is no life 
without plastics. 
 
And he said that I don't want to even manage this plastic like everybody else is saying. 
It's a good beginning, but sir, I don't have a clear visibility on this as to whether it will 
remain or it goes when he has to leave the office after 4 years because he's not 
coming back again after that ever. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
But in the short term, there is no problem for the next 4 years? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
There is no problem. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And, sir, what is the margin in Flexible Packaging? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
We don't give a separate margin. If you look at the balance sheet of Huhtamaki, you 
will find that they have 5.3% in this quarter. We are clearly much better than them. 
Because we are more of integrated play. We have our own films, packaging cylinders, 
chemicals and inks. We definitely have a better margin profile than the competition 
at present. 
 
But again, the fact that we've not grown in that business in capacity, that itself clearly 
shows that the margin profile in the industry is not up to the desired level, and that 
is why we are not investing in that business. In fact, in the last 7 years I've been with 
this company, I think we would have invested only in some balancing equipment here 
and there but never added any capacity in that business. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Sir, there are a lot of players and there is a lot of competition. That's why the margin 
has come down a lot? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think there are multiple reasons. One, you rightly said that this is a business in India 
where MNCs also look to buy at the cheapest cost rather than look to buy from the 
quality suppliers. And they use those players to bring the quality suppliers value also 
down. So, if you compare me with a person who is father and son who are operating 
the plant at a floor shop level basis and all that not comply to labor guidelines, do not 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 26 | 27 
 
comply to any directives or when I do all that, and I'm subjected to audit also from 
these setups vis-a-vis. So, they show me that this person is able to give them at a 
lower cost than me and I should match its price. That cannot be achieved, sir. I don't 
know. This sector is only there in India, not in other mature jurisdictions. As I said that 
the margin profiling because of these small outfits is not so good. So that is why we 
are not expanding this capacity. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Sir, in Holography, the business is growing consistently, and margins are good? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes, the business is good in holographic, so we will do that only. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And the margins are quite good?  
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Surajit Pal: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your engaging questions and active 
participation. We will soon have the transcript of this call on our website, 
www.uflexltd.com. We look forward to connecting with you again in the next 
quarter. Thank you and have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We thank the management for this call. On behalf of Dolat Capital, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
Note: This document has been translated from Hindi to English wherever Hindi was used during the call, to 
assist non-Hindi-speaking readers. For the exact text, please refer to the Earnings Conference Call - Webcast. 
 
 

Q3 FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: FEBRUARY 17, 2025                         
 
P a g e 27 | 27 
 
Contact information: 
Mr. Surajit Pal, Vice President, Head of Investor Relations 
Mr. Manoj Pandey, Manager, Investor Relations 
Email: investorrelations@uflexltd.com 
Corporate Address: 
A - 107 - 108, Sector - IV, Noida - 201301 (U.P.), India 
Phone No.: +91 120 4012345 | Fax No.: +91 120 2556040 
Corporate ID: L74899DL1988PLC032166 
