 
 
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543223 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Name of Scrip: MAXIND 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on February 7, 
2025, post declaration of Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2024, is enclosed. 
 
The 
same 
has 
also 
been 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
maxindia.com/static/uploads/financials/max-india-earnings-call-transcript_13-feb-25.pdf 
 
Kindly take the same on your record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Max India Limited  
 
 
 
Trapti 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
TRAPTI
Digitally signed by TRAPTI 
DN: c=IN, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=78cb1a24f1e2216fabcc7d07aa84ae
4b5b19659a754a0f0e01310356feb5ee6f, 
postalCode=110018, 
street=VikasPuriVikasPuriWestDelhi, 
pseudonym=90dbeca12adb4662a07d66da2
aa46246, 
serialNumber=d9d04f84269144ce0f8eead93
5d7ac9d04aad45c2d3f1a892411ed0bcfed0a
a1, o=Personal, cn=TRAPTI 
Date: 2025.02.13 14:36:35 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Max India Limited Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 13th November 2024 will prevail.” 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIT MEHTA – MD & CEO, MAX INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. AJAY AGRAWAL – DEPUTY CEO & CFO, 
ANTARA SENIOR LIVING &  HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, MAX INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ISHAAN KHANNA – CEO, ANTARA ASSISTED 
CARE, MAX INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP PATHAK – CFO & HEAD OF LEGAL, 
MAX INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ANKIT KALRA – CFO, ANTARA ASSISTED CARE, 
MAX INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NISHANT KUMAR – INVESTOR RELATIONS, MAX 
INDIA LIMITED 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Max India Limited Q3 and 9 months FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajit Mehta – MD & CEO. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Rajit Mehta: 
Thank you very much and good evening to all of you and Namaste and welcome to this Q3 FY25 
Earnings Call for Max India. 
For all our existing shareholders who have joined, a big thank you for your support. The markets 
have been playing hide and seek as we know, so really thank you for your support. For the 
benefit of all of you, I have with me my colleague, Ajay Agrawal - the Deputy CEO and CFO 
of Antara, also lead Investor Relations; Ishaan Khanna who is the CEO for Antara Assisted Care; 
Sandeep Pathak – the CFO for Max India and the Head of Legal for Max Group and Ankit Kalra 
- CFO for Antara Assisted Care; Nishant from our Investor Relations team and SGA, Investor 
Relations Advisors, Aakash as well on the call. 
To start with, I am very happy and delighted to share it has been quite an action-packed and 
satisfying quarter. There has been steady progress across all business verticals. For the asset side 
or real estate side or Antara Senior Living, we launched the first intergenerational living 
community in Gurgaon. Q2 FY25 has been a phenomenal response where within the few months 
we have been able to sell 82% of the inventory, so roughly 240 of the 292 units have been sold. 
Some have been sold in January and February also, but that is for the next quarter’s update. 
Given the encouraging response and the price points that Gurgaon enjoys, we are already in 
discussion with Max Estates to look at a Phase-2 a similar partnership in a contiguous piece of 
land because we do have some pending demand as well for this geography. 
On Noida, on residences, the finishing works is in progress. All the construction related NOCs 
have already been obtained and will be ready for possession within timelines. 
On Antara Assisted Care, we have added 234 new beds in Care Homes in the current financial 
year. Our bed capacity is now increased to 300. We also had planned to increase some more in 
Q4 of this year, which will happen as well. We are now in three geographies, Gurugram, Noida 
and Bengaluru. Both Care Homes and Care at Home reported very healthy revenues with the 
high double-digit growth over comparable last quarter. 
Lastly, in the AGEasy vertical, we now have 18,000 repeat customers. We have touched about 
1.93 lakh lives out of which 1.5 lakhs are through marketplaces, rest are on own website. Our 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
NPS is extremely healthy, which vindicates the customers confidence in our offerings which is 
growing steadily from 13 to now 36 in the last 6 months. 
Now, let me go to each vertical what we have done, what we have achieved. On the residence 
vertical, all inventories are already sold out in Dehradun. We are now getting some opportunities 
of resales because sometimes circumstances in senior life change due to medical condition or 
loss of a partner. During the 9-month FY25, we have done 12 resales and earned about Rs. 2.2 
crores as marketing fee. The operational revenue from Dehradun has increased to about Rs. 6.1 
crores for Q3 FY25, a growth of 13% over the last corresponding quarter. Dehradun community 
reported a profit of Rs. 0.4 crores, much ahead of the plan is now also operationally cash positive. 
Let me remind you, it is always PBT and cash positive. Now, it is operationally cash positive as 
well and the overall cash surplus for Dehradun now stands at Rs. 110 crores. In Noida Phase-1, 
we had already sold out the inventory many months back. The collections are better than 
planned. We have 99% collection efficiency. Total collection achieved so far is INR 382 crores, 
14% growth over last year. Our construction is as per plan and now we are doing all the finishing 
works, interiors, landscaping, etc., and we will be ready for possession much before the timeline 
stipulated by the authorities. 
The application for OC  has been kept in abeyance by Noida as some of you are aware, there is 
a sector 150 issues being sorted out and the Noida authority is waiting for direction from the 
Government. On Phase-2 of Noida sector 150, in the last earnings calls I had informed you that 
we had temporary set back because of RERA. We have now taken this up with appellate 
authority and resolution discussions are underway for these approvals. While there will be a 
delay in Phase-2, the silver lining in the market continues to be quite buoyant and compared to 
the price point, we had sold Noida Phase-1, the Noida Phase-2 will be much higher. That is the 
silver lining once we get the approval. 
On new communities about Max Estates Gurgaon which is a 0.7 million square feet development 
of the total 2.1 million. We have 292 apartments as  I said 240 already sold out. Sales collection 
of INR 124 crores and Antara continues to have a steady revenue income by way of management 
fees. Some of you may get concerned that the quarter-on-quarter consolidated revenue is going 
down primarily because the collections have cycles depending on when the time is due. So, while 
there was some collection done last time and therefore it showed an uptick. This time, obviously, 
there is nothing due, but as we proceed towards the next quarter, this will catch up. It is just the 
nature of the business. Nothing to get worried about, it is very temporary, and we have been 
guiding you all the time this will happen. But as we collect more, as we launch more 
communities, this problem will also get sorted out. 
We are actively pursuing the Chandigarh opportunity with a stage of definitive agreement 
negotiation now, so our commitment to create 1.5 million square feet every year quite remains. 
We have 0.3 of Noida Phase-2, potential 0.7-0.8 of Chandigarh and we will have possibly 1 
million of Gurgaon Phase-2. So, the 1.5 is not a problem at all. 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
For Antara Assisted Care, overall net revenue at Rs. 19.4 crores in Q3 FY25 grew sequentially 
by 57% over Q2 year-on-year growth of 176%. On the Care Home, significant expansion was 
planned for FY25. We already have 234 beds added and the rest will come in Q4. Fit outs are 
going on 170 beds in Chennai and 80 beds in Whitefield, a number of 250-300 more is also 
within sight. Full efforts are being to operationalize the maximum beds within this fiscal year. 
On financial numbers: 
The Care Home’s net revenue stood at Rs. 2.1 crores in Q3 FY25, which is a growth of 22% 
over last quarter and Y-o-Y growth of about 40%. The existing Care Home, Gurugram and 
Memory Care Home reported positive contribution margin of 1% in Q3 FY25. We have been 
having some issue with occupancy in Gurgaon Care Home primarily because long-term move-
ins have not been there, but the contribution margins have continued to be steady as the 
temporary issue will get solved over a period of time again. The ARPOB has grown quite 
healthily by about 8%. The reduction in occupancy I already explained to you. Also, what 
happens is since we have some seniors who are quite elderly we often lose them, sometimes, 
which is the nature of the business, so that occupancy gets affected temporarily because of that 
reason as well. 
In the mature steady state, we will hit the annual revenue of Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 6 crores as we 
were saying in each Care Home. Margins are sharply improved from 12% in Q3 FY24 to 18% 
in Q3 FY25. We have served about 200 patients during Q3 FY25 and over 2000 patients in Care 
Home since inception. And as we ramp up occupancy, obviously the margins will improve. On 
Care at Home, we continue to expand our footprint in new geographies, Bangalore and Chennai 
have registered a sequential growth of 17% and 7% respectively in Q3 over Q2 and are now 
nearing contribution breakeven. 
We have also increased the penetration of higher margin services like Critical Care and Physio. 
We have now achieved the highest ever revenue of Rs. 4.6 crores in Q3 FY25 with strong year-
on-year growth of 83% and around 32,000 patients have been served in this vertical. Please do 
remember the number of lives we touch, whether through residences, products or services are 
customers to whom we can sell and cross sell our other products and services, which was the 
intention and the aspiration and the vision behind creating an integrated care ecosystem. So, in 
one sense, we are creating a flywheel concept where customers can come through residences, 
through AGEasy, through Care Home, through Care at Home and we kind of create them and 
sell them different products and services to the much higher LTV. 
Overall, AGEasy includes the erstwhile MedCare business to achieve the highest ever net 
revenue of Rs. 12.7 crores, which is a growth of 92% over Q2. This is the nature of the business. 
This is a D2C business. Therefore, the growth is never going to be linear. All SBUs, in fact, have 
shown strong momentum. The AGEasy monthly revenue rate grew from Rs 52 lakhs in June to 
Rs. 1.3 crores in September to Rs. 3 crores in December and maybe we will cross that number 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
in January as well, but that is for the next quarter update. So, a 6x growth in daily run rate with 
sharp improvement in our ROAS which is a return on ad spend and the product portfolio is now 
expanded to 60 plus products and SKUs of 180.  the metrics, we track very carefully is the 
revenue on ad spend improving and that is improving, which means you are spending less to get 
more revenue and that number is true as well. 
We have crossed an annual revenue trajectory of Rs. 60 crores with 68% of the business coming 
from marketplaces, 22% through D2C channel and 10% through offline channel. On Amazon, 
we have BP Monitors, Hinged Knee Braces, Nebulizers are top three products amongst the top 
10 best sellers. We are also focusing on products like Bunion Corrector, which is for the toe, 
Shower Chair, Grab bars, Protect Smart Watch which have a ROAS of about 3. And we are 
working on inducing more and more products with senior specific features. 
The lung care health condition was launched with 8 products in Q2 showing initial good traction 
with the launch of the offline channel and the momentum is expected to accelerate further. For 
joint pain, the focus continues to be on product portfolio expansion and increased offline 
presence. We have planned for 10 new product launches in Q4 and Gut health as the next 
condition launch expected in Q1 FY26. 
Now, in order to increase our access to customers to make sure we have a stitched up pipeline 
of products to launch new innovative products and solutions, we have also been stitching up new 
partnerships. So, we onboarded Boat, as you know it is an admirable electronics organization in 
India, leading player in wearable and hearables, they are going to be our technology partner for 
AGEasy. So, all senior specific gadgets, devices, wellness products which require electronics, 
they will help us develop cutting edge tech led solutions and they are exclusive to Antara 
AGEasy. That is one partnership. 
We also partnered with Dr. Lal PathLabs, a leading diagnostics player to launch customized 
geriatric packages for seniors to strengthen our geriatric care services. The package has been 
created basis are combined learnings and what senior needs and Antara will be in the customer 
facing role in this partnership. 
We will also develop nutraceuticals to be offered as part of AGEasy and a leading nutraceutical 
company, Well-being nutrition has also been partly acquired now by Unilever has done a tie up 
with us again, exclusive to us. They will develop tailored products as a part of this tie up, which 
will help us manage holistic wellness for seniors through nutraceutical and supplements. 
We are also participating with Axis Bank in their silver lining program. Axis has about 30 lakh 
customers who are seniors and they wanted to offer them value add services. So, we have been 
onboarded as their partner where we will target their customers through a specific set of 
offerings. And this obviously gives us access to very large pool of customers. Our discussions 
with Axis Max Life Insurance have also concluded for an annuity plan, which will be offered to 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Antara customers for financing their monthly expenses and this also will give access to a large 
pool of customers. 
Our partnership with IIT Delhi continues for product innovations. We have initiated our sourcing 
for China to improve our gross margins, already placed order worth Rs. 5 crores for 20 products 
which will improve our margin by about 20% and once we are able to stabilize this supply chain, 
will look at more sourcing from China. We have continued to receive a very strong endorsement 
for our brand and offering. We have healthy customer satisfaction scores, 92% for Care Homes, 
94% for Care at Home and 84% for AGEasy. As already said, NPS on AGEasy now turning 
towards 36. It is quite a high score for a D2C business. If you look at our Dehradun community, 
the scores continue to be high 88%-90%. 
We also received the HR Excellence Award from Business World. We were also certified as a 
Great Place to Work now, a very young organization and some of these achievements are a big 
validation and vindication of the vision and the values that we follow. We also entered into 
collaboration with Dementia India Alliance that is not-for-profit working for dementia across 
India, they are helping us both in terms of protocols and content for training, and they have tied 
up with NIHMANS for knowledge partnership. Our contents of a training program on Geriatric 
Care have already been certified by the Healthcare Sector Skills Council, again a vindication of 
the quality that we are building. 
On the consolidated basis, for Q3 FY25, our results are in line with expectation. The revenues 
are Rs. 39 crores 18% lower. Primarily as I repeat, due to lower collection in residences, it is 
cyclical pure temporary phenomena which will go as we launch more communities or collect in 
Gurgaon this will show an uptick. This was planned and we are also trying to control our cost to 
minimize this impact. 
On Antara Assisted Care, as I said, there has been an uptick on revenue on all the verticals 
compared to Q2 FY25, the consolidated EBITDA loss excluding the exceptional item stand at 
Rs 24.7 Cr compared to Rs 15.7 Cr. It is a growth business and therefore we need the money for 
growth. However, we are able to contain the losses through cost optimization and very healthy 
treasury income. Overall, all treasury and other monetizable asset stand at Rs. 312 crores as of 
December 24 and the company has a consolidated net worth of Rs. 400 crores as of December 
24. 
This is all about the result. Some of you joined the call for the first time. Like to reiterate Antara 
is the only and the largest brand building an integrated care ecosystem for seniors and we are 
able to do this because of our unique lineage where we have handled Healthcare, Infrastructure, 
Real estate, Insurance and Hospitality businesses. Therefore, we are able to stitch together this 
complete solution. We do believe that seniors needs change with the age and medical condition 
and therefore we want to be there for them on whatever they need. 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
We have 3 verticals, the Antara Senior Living business which has independent housing, Antara 
Assisted Care which has assisted living, Memory Care, Care at Home and the products business, 
which is basically products for chronic conditions for seniors, helping them age with ease and 
joy. You can access AGEasy by calling our command center during a WhatsApp video call, 
calling the expert home, or walking into our physical spaces for a consult. The size of the senior 
market actually continues to evolve with more and more players coming in. Some deals already 
happening. The market is between $10-$15 billion depending on which verticals you take, it is 
already a very significantly large market. The NITI Aayog has given the charge to Dr. Vinod 
Paul, to set up a committee. He has already been set up to develop the sector and those meetings 
are happening now regularly. 
So, in summary, Antara Assisted Care, we have touched about 2.25 lakh patients so far. 
Hopefully, the next 5-7 years, we will also keep our promise of creating 8-10 communities, 
4,000-5,000 units of senior living, about 1,500-2,000 beds of assisted living plus Antara AGEasy 
available across India through marketplaces, through our own physical spaces and through our 
own website. I think this quarter I repeat the demonstration of all the promises we have made. 
The numbers are visible in terms of our growth, so thank you very much for your support. Happy 
to answer any questions that you might have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from line of Harsh Kundnani from Aionios Alpha. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Kundnani: 
Hi, thanks for this. Couple of questions from my end. On the AGEasy, fantastic growth this 
quarter, wanted to understand, is there specific product basket that is driving this growth, 
something that you have launched over the last couple of months or so, just wanted to understand 
where this growth is coming from and how should one look at margins in this segment? 
Ishaan Khanna: 
Hi Harsh, Ishaan here. Couple of things, one is as a business progresses, our channels, which is 
marketplaces, our own website, each of them are seeing scale. So, there is for products that we 
had launched, we are seeing an uptick improve as our performance marketing, digital marketing 
efficiency increases. So, existing products are contributing to growth. There are obviously new 
products like Lung Health like Rajit mentioned, we launched the Nebulizers, BP Monitors, 
which picked up really well. The Bunion Corrector which is used for correcting the toe bone is 
doing exceedingly well on both marketplaces and D2C. So, new products are also driving this. 
On your point regarding how should we look at margins, we track two very important 
parameters, one, again as Rajit has alluded ROAS which is return on advertising spend. That is 
a critical parameter for us to look at how efficient we are getting in our performance marketing 
and that has been improving month-on-month and quarter-on-quarter. The other we look at gross 
margins because this is a product-led business. We are working towards healthy gross margins 
and that is again a very critical parameter that we track. 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Harsh Kundnani: 
Understood. Just wanted to clarify, how should one look at the margins of this segment say a 
year down the line or two years down the line? What is your aspirational margin profile? 
Rajit Mehta: 
So, I think on a gross margin business, that is the first, we should look at about 55%-60% range 
next year, right, and a two-year timeframe, 60% plus, right? That is what we should look at. 
Ishaan Khanna: 
And CM2 positive, we want to be in two years, we should be CM2 positive as well, which is 
including all your direct spend. 
Harsh Kundnani: 
Got it. Also, just one small clarification, you mentioned in the PPT that there is some sourcing 
that you are doing from China for about Rs. 5 crores. Is that entire cost item sitting in the base 
right now in your P&L or what is the status of that? 
Ishaan Khanna: 
It sits in the inventory Harsh because we are ordering this and so it is part of the inventory that 
we purchase. 
Ajay Agrawal: 
So, it has not hit the P&L presently because the inventories are still under the purchase stage, 
right. So, once it will start selling it, then only it will impact the P&L. Presently, it is all in 
inventory. 
Harsh Kundnani: 
Understood. Secondly on the Care Homes, were there in any bed additions in this quarter and 
what is the plan for the next year in terms of the total bed additions? 
Rajit Mehta: 
About 234 beds added this quarter. 
Ishaan Khanna: 
No, they were added in the H1. Now, quarter 4 is when the next. So, this quarter itself we didn't 
have any new capacity. We had planned in H1. We will have close to 300 beds going live, which 
is what we have done. Now, all the capacity is between Chennai and Bangalore. We will get live 
in quarter 4, which is again close to 200 beds. 
Ajay Agrawal: 
So, as we speak the beds are under fit out and these are going to come operational within this 
quarter. 
Ishaan Khanna: 
There are 3 Care Homes in Chennai and one Care Home in Bangalore, all under fit outs right 
now to go live in Q4. 
Harsh Kundnani: 
Understood. Thanks a lot for this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of R Sen from MAS Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
R Sen: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity and thanks for the detailed note. Rajit sir, just wanted to 
understand while you did share that Chandigarh, we are in very advanced stages of final 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
discussion and we will be forming up almost 1 million kind of a project, any update on 
Hyderabad and Bangalore given in the earlier calls we had kind of indicated about very good 
traction there. Any update on those two markets? 
Rajit Mehta: 
Yes, actually we have held back because the Gurgaon Phase-2 opportunity came and this is only 
because of the phenomenal response of how the sales in Phase-1 has gone as you know the price 
points in Gurgaon are multiple of what is available in Bangalore, Hyderabad. So, that has been 
quite attractive for us. So, that is 1 million square feet by itself, right. So, given the Chandigarh 
0.8 million and this 1 million and 0.3 coming up for Noida, we thought our 1.5 million 
commitment will stand and at a much better financial signature. So, that is the reason we said let 
us focus on the Gurgaon Phase-2 and Chandigarh and Noida Phase-2 and push Bangalore and 
Hyderabad, so that we get a much better financial outcome for FY26. 
Ajay Agrawal: 
And also just to add in this, if you remember in Bangalore, we had said that we are an advanced 
stage, so unfortunately there the clearance we did not receive from the lenders of the land owners 
and there we never wanted to get into a project which is risky from day one, and that is why with 
these alternatives coming to us, we said let us play careful and that is the reason why we backed 
out from Bangalore. 
R Sen: 
Got it. My next question was on AGEasy, I think great to see the ARR at Rs. 60 crores and the 
scale at which you are going looks very interesting and very appealing. Thanks for the education 
that this looks like a Rs. 50,000 crore market size. Now, pardon my enthusiasm, but do we see 
this to be a Rs. 500 crore business in the next 5-6 years? This is in the backdrop where you 
guided that in the next 5 years at an overall company level, we are targeting Rs. 1,000 crores 
revenue? 
Rajit Mehta: 
Absolutely, the it will be Rs. 500 crores before 5 years actually. 
R Sen: 
Very heartening to know that, sir. Thank you. Just a follow up question on that bit. The mix that 
we see at this juncture between marketplace, D2C and offline is 68, 22 and 10, usually that is 
how an emerging brand kind of starts off. But as the brand kind of moves from an established to 
a premium range, we see that D2C becomes 60 and then offline 30 and marketplace kind of goes 
down. Is there a school of thought on the management team here in terms of how do you want 
the mix to evolve over the next few years? 
Rajit Mehta: 
Yes, we are going in theory based on all the education we received from people who run 
successful D2C businesses. Eventually, we should end up with a 55-45, 60-40 marketplaces 
versus D2C. And we have been advised to cede the offline channel right now because after 2-3 
years, both marketplaces and our D2C website will tend to plateau and that also we have done, 
so in the short term, we are focusing on 60-40 and then eventually it will become 50, 40, 10 
offline kind of scenario in the next 3 years. 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
R Sen: 
Sure. My last question, if I may add another question here. It is very interesting to see the kind 
of partnerships we have been doing, from on one end, IIT Delhi, to Dementia Association, to 
Boat, to Dr. Lal, to Axis, truly an integrated healthcare ecosystem you kind of developing. Now, 
you will be also kind of bringing your product especially this is AGEasy specific. There are 
pockets of institutions like in Pune, I am sure you studied, I think the largest senior care 
ecosystem is by the company called Athashri. So, have you explored partnerships with some of 
our direct competition because AGEasy seems to be a very great fit for Athashri just to name a 
brand. Any thoughts on those things? 
Rajit Mehta: 
See so far, since people are also dabbling with the senior care space, their own thinking is 
evolving, they see as an entirety, so if we were only AGEasy that partnership is possible. But 
since we also have residences and Care Home, they start to see a conflict of interest. So, at this 
point of time, within Senior Care World, we have not explored the partnership because they are 
viewed as a conflict of interest. We are busy tying up with all the back end, backward integration. 
So, we don't have disruption in supply chains, or we get access to large customers. Secondly, it 
is too early for me to comment on any opportunities or merger or collaboration within the Senior 
Care sector. Everybody is currently subscale, so that is also out of the window. So, yes, we are 
very keen to explore if somebody don't see us as a conflict of interest, but unfortunately since 
we have all businesses, they find that we will conflict with them in one business or the other. 
R Sen: 
Sure. Appreciate the responses, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Anjana Shah from Shah Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Anjana Shah: 
Thank you for this opportunity, sir. Two questions from my end. Sir the Assisted Care business 
is capital intensive. So, are there plans to explore an asset light model through franchise 
partnerships? Or probably JV structure that can help us expand faster with lower capital 
requirement. And sir, second one would be, given India's evolving Healthcare and Insurance 
landscape, how do you like plan to integrate insurance-based models or government backed 
healthcare schemes to drive affordability and accessibility for your services? 
Rajit Mehta: 
See, Assisted Care, the model is capital light. We only take facilities on lease and the only 
CAPEX spend is about Rs 8 lakhs or Rs 9 lakhs on a bed and about Rs 2 lakhs, let us say on the 
operating losses with breakeven, so let us say Rs. 10 lakhs per bed is the kind of investment. It 
is quite asset light. We don't buy ever and therefore we lease out facilities. That is response 
number one. On insurance, that is a very interesting question. We have been trying to work both 
at an NITI Aayog level and Ministry of Social Justice to push the government to create a task 
force. Because we think insurance, once it comes into play for senior care, will be a big push to 
the business. So, far we have succeeded in working with Axis Max Life to take out an immediate 
annuity product which seniors can buy to fund their immediate expenses on a monthly basis. We 
also work with NABH to take out certification standards for Care Homes and Memory Care 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Homes, so that once that happens, then TPA and insurance will be very easy. We are putting the 
building blocks in place. It is work under progress. I guess it is a question of time before this 
sector also starts to attract insurer’s attention. 
Anjana Shah: 
Sure sir. That will be it from my end. Thank you. 
Rajit Mehta: 
Welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Nikhil, a shareholder. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question has already been answered on Bangalore Senior 
Residency. But can I please request the Management to lets say whenever we deviate from our 
original plan, you state somewhere in the investor presentation or in the commentary, so that we 
are better informed instead of these particular variation from our original plan ? 
Rajit Mehta: 
So, are you currently seeing any deviation from the strategy, please call it out in the investor 
deck. That is what you said? 
Nikhil: 
Yes. 
Rajit Mehta: 
Got it. Noted sir. Noted. 
Nikhil: 
Thank you, sir. So, another question, If you are tracking the private market, there is some a 
company called Primus Senior Living have recently raised around $20 million from Gruhas, 
which is led by Mr. Nikhil Kamath and other investors, if you are aware, at what valuation they 
have raised with capital? 
Rajit Mehta: 
No idea, sir. It is a closed-door negotiation and deal. I have no idea. 
Nikhil: 
that’s fine. Thank you so much. I don't have any more questions. Best of luck. 
Rajit Mehta: 
Thank you, Nikhil. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Saurabh Gupta, a shareholder. Please go 
ahead. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Thank you, sir, for giving me the opportunity. Most of my questions have been already answered. 
I just have couple of questions that earlier you guided that we will achieve Rs. 1,000 crore topline 
in the next 5 years. So, do you still hold those numbers being the current growth rate? And the 
other question that I have is when do you see that we can achieve breakeven at the consolidated 
level? 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Rajit Mehta: 
Yes. We are still holding on to our ambition, aspiration of crossing, of reaching Rs. 1,000 cross 
by FY29-FY30 in that range and by FY27-FY28 will be breakeven on a consolidated basis. 
These are all forward-looking statements, but this is just the intention. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Thank you, sir, and best of luck for the next quarter. 
Rajit Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Viresh, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Viresh: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I have couple of questions on AGEasy. One is related to the 
offline set up like, what is the strategy like and in the presentation I saw there is already we have 
done a setup in Gurgaon. Can you tell a bit about it, how much is the size? When did it open and 
how is the response? And also are there any plans to open such setups in the residences that we 
have already given like Dehradun or Noida which is planned maybe in next quarter or so? 
Secondly or the second question on same AGEasy, although the growth seems to be pretty good, 
but the cash burn is also equally aggressive, so wanted to know like and then we are also planning 
to do some equity dilution. Aren't we too early on diluting the equity to raise funds and your just 
thoughts on that like how does the growth plan looks like? 
Rajit Mehta: 
Sure. So, the offline channel will operate in two ways. One is obviously through the traditional 
way of distributors and retailers, which are chemists. We already have a sizeable presence in 
NCR, about 30 distributors and 200 chemists, already stock AGEasy products. That is one way. 
Second is by having our own physical space, which I must dare say more branding than revenue 
generator. So, we have set up the first product store in a mall in Gurgaon on the main Golf 
Course Road which is quite marquee. We will get inaugurated in the next 15 days or so, which 
has all the products that we offer and expert available. Depending on the footfall that we see on 
that its an experiment that we are doing, we will then start to expand those centers, but I don't 
envisage hundreds of centers coming up the next few years. There will be quite a few in 
Bangalore, Chennai and Delhi, depending on the success, but more importantly the offline 
channel which is comprising of distributors and chemists that will expand more rapidly, so that 
is the focus on the offline channel. On the question of dilution, we are currently not specifically 
diluting AGEasy. We are looking out for funds for growth both for Antara Assisted Care and 
AGEasy. So, it depends on the deal that we strike. As I said, the rights issue will happen at the 
Hold co. level, which is the first branch of funding in the next $10-$12 million will happen at 
the subsidiary level perhaps. Whether it happens in AGEasy or AACS we don't know. So, it is 
not a question of diluting AGEasy.  and we know in no hurry is 6-9 months will take for this 
deal to happen. We just need the growth capital and depending on the valuation we will get, we 
will take a call on how much equity needs to be diluted. But I don't see a very large chunk getting 
diluted honestly at this point of time. See, the cash burn that you talked about is the nature of 
D2C business  And I will request Ishaan and Ankit to throw some light on that. 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Ishaan Khanna: 
I think it is important to understand how we look at cash burn in D2C business, and I think there 
are certain parameters that we very closely tracked. We also previously spoke about return on 
advertising spend, gross margin, contribution margins and if you see on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis, our ROAS are improving, our contribution margins are improving with sourcing through 
China, our gross margins are also improving. So, while yes, it may seem like on a total level, the 
cash burns are increasing, but our efficiency is also improving at the same pace and hence you 
will see in the coming quarters this efficiency also manifesting. 
Viresh: 
And one bit, which somehowgot missed, like is there any plan to set up AGEasy in our existing 
residencies or which will be given like when the position happens? 
Rajit Mehta: 
Definitely, in all the communities we have in all the Care Homes as well. There will be specific 
space dedicated to the AGEasy product store. 
Ajay Agrawal: 
We have a concept of integrated ecosystem and that will play around in all our developments. 
So, all the cross-sell opportunity will always be there for all our Residences or Care Homes, or 
vice versa. 
Viresh: 
Thank you. And one last question if I can fit in. I am not sure how long the queue is, but one 
question on the management like obviously like we are developing our own residences but are 
we reaching out to other developers who are kind of pure builders and who do not have 
experience in Senior Care. So, are we reaching out to maybe take just the management contracts, 
just expanding our specialization? 
Rajit Mehta: 
So, we are reaching out to do partnerships for construction of residences. So, land is being 
contributed by such developers. Preferably, we request them to construct and our core 
competence of helping them design, sell and operate will belong to us. Yes, definitely that we 
are approaching, but if somebody has already constructed a Senior Care facility and wants us to 
run, that is not part of our beat as of now, because that is a very small annuity income. It doesn't 
make sense and there are not very many builders who are senior living ready, but dialogue with 
developers to make senior living 100% they are on because they are interested now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Amisha Shah from KQ Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Amisha Shah: 
Hi, thank you so much for the opportunity. So, I just have two questions, so the first one is, given 
your partnership with IIT Delhi and Boat, is there a road map to build proprietary or high margin 
offerings, like for example, exclusive tech enabled senior care solutions and if so, what is the 
expected commercialization timeline? 
Rajit Mehta: 
So, the intention is to look at small tweaks or innovations to solve customer pain points to 
existing products. But there is also effort going on, for example, with IIT Delhi, they started to 
not develop a prototype of a Walker, which can provide a sitting seat as well as the seniors walk 

 
Max India Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
and get tired. They are prototyping that. That will become like let us say, an original product that 
we will have. So, yes, the effort is on, but more effort is going on putting tweaks to existing 
products so they become more senior specific. 
Amisha Shah: 
Got it. And my second question was regarding AGEasy, so it has seen a strong revenue ramp up 
driven by marketplace sales. So, what is your road map for expanding offline distribution and 
what percentage of revenue do you expect to come from non-marketplace channels in the next 
two years? 
Ishan Khanna: 
So, I will answer it in two parts. For offline, our approach is going to be via distributors and 
retailers or chemists. Today, we are present across 30 distributors in NCR and 200 chemists and 
we plan to expand this further across multiple geographies. We also will be launching our first 
dedicated AGEasy store, but this is not something we expect to immediately expand. This is a 
pilot that we are doing and based on the response and feedback, we will take a call on how we 
expand this. The way we see the marketplace is to D2C and offline ratio is potentially 55:45 in 
times to come. 
Amisha Shah: 
Thank you. Got it. That is it from my end. 
Rajit Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today and I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rajit Mehta: 
So, thank you very much for those great questions, helped us to be able to clarify and see where 
we are ahead as I said. We are the only brand trying to create an integrated care ecosystem for 
seniors. Our intention is to be able to create 8 to 10 communities with a topline of about Rs. 250 
crores in a healthy EBITDA margin and cross Rs. 1,000 crores mark maybe in 2-3 years’ time 
with the bed capacity of 1500-2000 beds of assisted living and AGEasy available to seniors 
across chronic conditions in India. We are currently on track. Quarter-on-quarter, we keep on 
telling you what commitment we made and where we are. We are not deterring or deviating. 
Yes, there could be some changes we make in terms of geography depending on the financial 
opportunity that we see. But apart from that based on our customer satisfaction scores and NPS 
scores, we are staying on course in order to achieve our vision to become an admiral 
organization. So, thank you very much for your support and look forward to a continued 
engagement. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Max India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
