 
 
February 21, 2025 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
The Manager  
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager  
The Department of Corporate Services 
 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers,   
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 539450 
 
 
 
     
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
  
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call for Investor and Analysts 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we are enclosing the transcript of Q3 & 9M FY 25 earnings conference call for investors and analysts 
organized by the Company on Monday, February 17, 2025 at 11:00 A.M. IST. The audio recording and 
transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.keva.co.in 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
 
 
 
Rohit Saraogi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ROHIT 
SARAOGI
Digitally signed by 
ROHIT SARAOGI 
Date: 2025.02.21 
14:21:02 +05'30'

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
S H Kelkar and Company Limited  
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 17, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to S. H. Kelkar & Company 
Limited’s Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an 
operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mit Shah from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, Mr. Shah. 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on 
S H Kelkar & Company Limited's Q3 and 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call.  
We have with us Mr. Kedar Vaze – Whole-Time Director and Group CEO 
and Mr. Rohit Saraogi – EVP and Group CFO of the company.  
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, following 
which we will have the forum open for a Q&A session. Before we begin, I 
would like to point out that certain statements made in today's call could be 
forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would like to invite Mr. Kedar Vaze to make his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you sir.   
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our earnings 
call today. I appreciate your time and interest in our performance, and I trust 
that you have reviewed the results documents shared earlier.  
We maintained strong momentum during the period driven by robust revenue 
growth. Domestic FMCG industry continues to witness subdued demand but 
we saw steady traction across all our segments, particularly in the small and 
mid-sized accounts. This drove consolidated revenues for the nine months 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
FY25 to Rs. 1,556 crore reflecting a strong 17% growth year-on-year. While 
the FMCG landscape is evolving with newer players emerging, our ability to 
work across a broad spectrum of customers from large global companies to 
emerging small players has benefited us enormously.  
On our European segment, it continues to perform well with core business 
revenues growing by 11.8% on a like for like basis. Demand in key 
international markets remains steady, supported by a strong product mix and 
favourable regional dynamics. Europe remains a high potential market for us 
where we are making strategic investments to strengthen our presence and 
enhance our market share.  
Focusing on the gross margin, during the quarter, gross margins were 
impacted by higher raw material prices which have increased faster than 
anticipated. While near term pressures persist, we expect margins to 
normalize as raw material availability improves and impact of our pricing 
actions materializes. Given the ongoing geopolitical uncertainties, we remain 
cautious and continue to focus on our inventory management to mitigate 
risks.  
EBITDA margin for nine months period excluding investments in newer 
geographies stands at a healthy 17%. While these investments have resulted 
in higher costs, they are strategic and essential to strengthening our long-
term competitive position and to expand our footprint in new markets and 
with global MNC accounts. We are confident that over the next 3 years these 
investments will drive higher market share, greater operating leverage and 
sustained value creation for both domestic and international markets.  
Coming to the Flavour segment, we delivered healthy revenue growth 
recovering strongly from a low base last year. Alongside top line growth we 
delivered healthy profitability, supported by improved market conditions, 
deeper customer engagement and better operating efficiency.  
Meanwhile, the turnaround of our Global Ingredients segment remains on 
track with segment continuing its recovery. This progress is driven by 
structural initiatives undertaken in the past such as backward integration, 
coupled with ongoing emphasis on optimization on the operations and 
efficiency. Looking ahead, the global environment for exports out of India 
appears favourable providing opportunities to build on this momentum and 
accelerate growth in this segment.  
 
Coming to our balance sheet position, the net debt stood at Rs. 703 crore as 
of December 31st, 2024, reflecting the impact of ongoing inventory 
replenishment following the Q1 incident and capital expenditure at the 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Vanavate facility. Additionally, there is a delay in collecting GST refund of 
over Rs. 50 crore on the export sales which has been pending with the 
government for over 2 years, impacting our cash flows. While we continue to 
pursue this claim, we remain committed to maintaining financial discipline 
and also actively engage with our insurer with a partial claim settlement 
expected in the coming months.  
As we move forward, we remain committed to driving sustainable growth and 
strengthening our global market position. The alternate production sites now 
fully operational. Our efforts are being directed towards driving efficiency in 
reducing inventory and we are confident that our dedication will create shared 
value for shareholders in the long term.  
With that, I invite the moderator to open the floor for questions. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will start with the question-and-answer session. 
First question is from Bharat Gupta from Fair Value Capital. Please go ahead.  
Bharat Gupta: 
Hi Kedar. I hope I am audible. A couple of questions from my side. So, just 
wanted to check what will be the investment spend during the Quarter 3 in 
terms of the Creative Development Centres and how you are going to spend 
out there in the rest Q4?  
Kedar Vaze: 
Rohit you want to answer that?  
Rohit Saraogi: 
Yes. So, Bharat your question is towards the new investment we are putting?  
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. 
Rohit Saraogi: 
So, in Q4 it was in the range of Rs. 12-odd crore and full year we look at 
around Rs. 45 to 48 crore.  
Bharat Gupta: 
So, for FY25 it will be towards Rs. 45 odd crore? 
Rohit Saraogi:  
A bit lower because over a period we have increased the spend. So, Quarter 
3 is on an annualized basis will come to some Rs. 45-48 crore.  
Bharat Gupta: 
Okay, just also like in terms of you mentioned about the synergy playing out 
with respect to the investments which you are making. So, just wanted to 
check will it be towards the US subsidiary or how you want to further leverage 
position with the MNCs out there in the RFQ space. So, this investment is 
dedicated to that particular side?  
Kedar Vaze: 
No, the investment is in the two geographies in Europe, UK and the USA, 
largely on the product development teams which are being hired and put in 
place in these areas. This allows us to work in these markets UK, Germany, 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Europe and American markets and at the same time engage with the global 
MNC at their headquarters. So, it has a dual purpose. We are looking at 
growing our market share in the local markets, in American market as well 
as the European market. In addition, it will help us with the global MNC 
accounts.  
Bharat Gupta: 
Okay, coming on the gross margin front. What has been the key reason 
attributable for a sudden spurt in the raw material prices? Is it supply 
constraints like how globally geopolitically how this quarter we have seen 
such a sudden spike? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The gross margin changes are largely on few natural products which account 
for quite a substantial part of the cost. So, these are owing to drought 
situation in Indonesia and Brazil respectively in the last year, resulting in the 
increase in the naturals cost. In addition, first half of the year we were unable 
to pass on any price increases to our clients due to the incident and supply 
chain disruption. So, we have not taken any price corrections in the first half. 
So, we sort of expected some compression of gross margin, not to the extent 
that actually played out, but we expected some compression of gross margin. 
And as a policy we have increased the pricing in this quarter, and we expect 
the gross margins will restore over the next year. In average for nine months, 
we are still at 44% gross margin, so we don't expect this to fall further down.  
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. Just also in terms of the guidance, if any colour which you can provide 
with respect to FY26 and because primarily given the tax relief, so how do 
you see the order inquiries playing out from the FMCG players for the 
upcoming year?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we are continuing to be committing to our 12% CAGR which we had set 
out last year. And we are continuing to see that as our trend line for the mid 
and longer term. This year we are ahead of the curve. We are almost 17% 
on the nine month to nine month comparison. So, it will end as a strong year. 
We look at some signs of slowdown in some pockets in the days coming 
ahead and good growth opportunities in other pockets. So, we see that 
double digit plus growth we will be able to maintain on the longer term. With 
the second year or 18 months from now and all the large investments in 
Europe and other development centres, we will kick start a next leg of higher 
growth from 18 to 20 months from now.  
Bharat Gupta: 
So, for 18 to 20 months, 12% kind of a growth seems on card for us. And the 
signs of slowdown you are mentioning that pertains to the businesses which 
we are deriving from the small and medium enterprises, or it can be with 
respect to large accounts.  
Kedar Vaze: 
No, the slowdown is largely in the domestic Indian large accounts. We are 
seeing momentum. It's not degrowth, it is growth. But it is a slower growth 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
than it was, let's say last year or early part of this year. So, we are seeing 
growth, but the momentum has slightly eroded, I would say towards the last 
quarter or last month of the third quarter. After Diwali the momentum has 
been slow. We expect it for the full year to be normal. But at the moment it is 
subdued on the larger accounts.  
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. So, there has been some sort of a deferment with respect to the new 
product launches from the large accounts, from the Indian domestic large 
accounts in a way.  
Kedar Vaze: 
I don't think there is a deferment of new products but overall volume and 
pricing basis, I think the inflation and the existing saturation of some of the 
products has resulted in a less rapid growth.  
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. And margins will we able to maintain over 16% to 18% for the 
upcoming year? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. The margins are at the moment subdued due to these new investments. 
Next year the margin should be in the same range 16% to 18%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from Rushabh Shah from Buglerock 
PMS. Please go ahead.  
Rushabh Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions, a few years ago, a company 
foray into a new product category of industrial use of ambient fragrances for 
the consumer durables and automobile accessories segment. So, how has 
that business moved for us?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, that is one of the big growth areas for us. We are continuing to see that 
is growing. That's why I mentioned in my call newer areas. So, that is one of 
those segments which is growing which is not the traditional FMCG.  
Rushabh Shah: 
So, sir, have you made any further investments into that?  
Kedar Vaze: 
Investments in what sense?  
Rushabh Shah: 
In that new product category.  
Kedar Vaze: 
It is already in our portfolio. We continue to grow it. There is nothing, no new 
investments or new product development. This is largely in the Asian market 
and in the Indian market. So, all the teams are there. Everything is in place 
already.  
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. Sir my second question is so what are the key risks you see in your 
business? See the raw material risk is one of the risks which is always going 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
to be there. That is the nature of our business. But what are the other major 
risk do you see in our business for a longer period of time?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, it's a consumption driven business. There is always a fragrance and 
flavour requirement whether it's high economic growth or low economic 
growth or recession. So, that's a very strong positive for us. From a business 
risk, I think industry as a whole is extremely resilient. It's very defensive in 
downturns and slow and fast growth. It continues to be growing and it's a 
profitable industry. Within the industry the risk effectively is the competitive 
intensity. How we are able to compete vis-à-vis our competitors. And that's 
really the main concern or main risk that competitors do much-much better 
than us and we don't grow, or we are not able to keep our market share. That 
is the only risk. So, it's not a very big disruption industry in that sense.  
Rushabh Shah: 
Just a follow up sir. So, how has the competition been for you in the past 5 
years, has it grown or have you gained market share? How has that been?  
Kedar Vaze: 
We have actually lost some market share during the year of demonetization 
and GST. Apart from those 2 years, we have continued to gain market share, 
will continue to grow faster than the industry average and faster than the 
competition.  
Rushabh Shah: 
My last question is at the company, in Netherlands called Isobionics, we 
created a product called Santanol, which is a three key ingredient for 
sandalwood oil. So, how have we been able to take advantage of that and 
how it has benefited us? 
Kedar Vaze: 
To this partnership we are basically their exclusive distributors. We have 
number of products built on this partnership which we are making and selling. 
To kind of give you a ballpark number, about Rs. 60 crore of revenue this 
year or something like Rs. 65 crore of revenue this year will be coming from 
products like what you mentioned with our past collaboration or past closely 
working with Isobionics. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from Jainam Ghelani from Svan 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Jainam Ghelani: 
Hi sir. Thank you for this opportunity. So, as you mentioned to an earlier 
participant that we can expect 16% to 18% margins for FY26. So, what gives 
us that confidence, have we signed new contracts with the price hikes, or do 
we see the overall industry and market improving?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I think the price hikes is not a difficult situation. We are in a discussion 
with the clients and that will happen in the normal course of business. So, 
there is nothing. If you look at the third quarter results, the top-line growth 
has been robust. We don't see any reason to feel that the top-line growth is 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
challenged for us in the coming years. So, the top line momentum is good, 
on the gross margin all corrective actions have been taken. So, we expect 
the gross margin to slowly change upwards. And on the cost structure, 
whatever the expected growth, (+12%) growth next year, we will normalize 
our cost structure as we have invested heavily this year. Next year that will 
balance out. So, we are very confident of delivering 16% to 18% for next 
year.  
Jainam Ghelani: 
Okay. And sir, so can we expect that from Q1 FY26, the gross margins could 
come back to our normalized levels?  
Kedar Vaze: 
I think Q1 next year the trend will be upwards, whether it is fully recovered 
because again there have been big changes in the dollar to rupee as we 
speak. We need to factor that in and see how much of that will translate into 
cost increases for us and all of that may disrupt the gross margin recovery, 
but it will be upwards than Quarter 4, Quarter 3 this year.  
Jainam Ghelani: 
Okay. And how is our MNC order progressing, would it be possible to quantify 
in terms of revenue or in terms of percentage by any chance?  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So, we have indicated around $10 million business this year. I think we 
are on track to achieve that number, and we expect it to continue to grow.  
Jainam Ghelani: 
Sir, can we expect that to be almost 20 million next year?  
Kedar Vaze: 
No, it was kind of 3 to 4 million, somewhere between 3 and 4 million last year. 
We will be around 10 million this year. I expect that to continue to grow by 
20%-30% here on.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Prakash Kapadia from Spark PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Kedar, a couple of questions from my end. In FY26, how are we looking at 
sales in India? What I am trying to understand is government is focusing on 
boosting consumption. So, are we seeing more inquiries or some new 
product developments or it's too early to gauge demand recovery in India? 
That's the first question. Secondly, if I look at employee cost, they are up 
sequentially by 10%. So, from this base, given that the Development Centre 
is opened, and we have taken the global route for scaling, what kind of an 
increase should we expect from next quarter onwards on this base? And you 
mentioned the insurance claim you should get maybe next month. So, what 
kind of debt are we looking at by the year end and what could be the CAPEX 
for next year? Those are my questions.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Okay, so the first question in terms of the growth, while there is a lot of 
slowdowns on the larger clients and in the economy in general in India. We 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
have not seen really a slowdown in our overall business. We continue to have 
strong growth. I think the budgetary provisions in terms of reducing some of 
the tax slabs main in fact spur some more consumption which will be 
beneficial for us to further have good growth years. And on the cost, I think 
the Quarter 3 number on the cost of all the centres is largely fully costed in 
the Quarter 3. There may be some incremental 10% additional cost as we 
finalize and fill up some of the last positions left. But by the end of this year, 
we will have those costs all in the book as Rohit has earlier mentioned, 
around Rs. 45 to Rs. 48 crore of full year cost is what we have onboarded in 
this year. And that will continue to be in the normal books and grow at I guess 
5% to 6% inflation year-on-year. We expect our business to grow double digit 
plus so we will compensate. It should be quite normal next year if we grow 
12% to 14% top-line, and our numbers will all fall in the right way.  The last 
question was on debt and inventory, and I think the focus on inventory 
reduction is now, we expect that inventories will come down in the next 6 
months. Proportionately debt will come down by almost Rs. 100 crore in 
addition to the insurance payout which is expected anytime now.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
And on the India side, being a key supplier and part of their supply chain. 
When do we get a sense of demand? How difficult or easy is it to scale? 
What I am trying to understand assuming some of these initiatives by the 
government fructify in terms of demand coming back from Q1 onwards. So, 
how soon or how much time does it take for us to fulfil? Because I am sure if 
there are new products you would have got a sense.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Your question I have already answered. Once again let me reiterate. While 
the overall news of slower demand in the larger accounts is there, the 
grassroots demand in totality for us has not been low. I think we have taken 
substantial market share from competitors in this period since the overall 
demand was lower. But our growth has continued on normal, actually very 
robust 15% year-on-year quarter growth. So, we have a strong growth 
trajectory. We have not seen any slowdown in our business yet and we 
expect that there is more growth in the early part of next year as the steps 
that the government has taken to increase consumption start to play out in 
demand generation for our clients.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity, again delving on the debt part. So, can you let us 
know what is the bridge between say FY24 yearend debt of Rs. 500 crore 
and Rs. 700 crore? So, what are the components which have increased the 
debt by 200 crore including inventory, maybe the CAPEX or Vashivali facility 
for which we will get the claim incrementally? So, how this Rs. 200 crore can 
be segregated among these pockets? Thank you.  

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I think if you look at the Rs. 200 crore, we have almost Rs. 140 crore of 
inventory losses which have been replenished. We have built up another Rs. 
50 crore of inventory over and above the Rs. 140 crore which we have 
replenished. So, Rs. 200 crore of cash flow has gone into inventories. Rs. 75 
odd crore has gone into capital investments for rebuilding the factory, most 
of which will be covered by the insurance repayment. And around Rs. 50 
crore is stuck in the GST refunds which is in process. So, this is the effectively 
cash flow that is incurred over and above the normal routine. And that's 
where the debt has gone up from the Rs. 540 level to Rs. 700 crore.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. The second question is for the quarter and for nine months, how has 
been the growth from volumes and pricing, if you can just break it up? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, most of the growth has been volumes, we have very limited price 
corrections being done in the last nine months, so almost all of that is 
volumes. There may be some impact of currency exchange rate but mostly 
it is volume.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just one last clarification. On the development expenditure, so FY25 we will 
be completely doing away with the development expenditure of about Rs. 45-
48 crore. And from next year onwards there will not be any incrementally on 
this part except the inflation adjusted increases that will happen on the base? 
Kedar Vaze: 
That's right. So, our objective and it's pretty aggressive investment. We have 
covered all the four major areas where we want to operate, Southeast Asia, 
India, Middle East, Europe and America. We have put in teams and 
development teams and production, operations teams, so that we are 
catering to all these four markets. And we have no plan to grow beyond these 
four markets in the near term or even medium-term business.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Kiran D from Table Tree Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Kiran D: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Just want to break down into segments. 
So, when we are talking of 14% sales growth or whatever the CAGR is for 
the next year or two, I mean I am just putting in calculation. So, it's about Rs. 
3,000 crore will probably hit by FY27. That's a very-very healthy growth. So, 
what I am trying to do is, is there a faster growth that we are going to get in 
Flavours division versus Fragrances division. And the reason why I am 
asking is on the Flavours division we have grown very healthily this quarter 
or at least even in the nine months. And it has a very healthy EBIT, right? It's 
close to 22% EBIT. So, it's adding far more to the bottom line as a percentage 
than the Fragrances for these nine months. So, if we are expecting more and 
more Flavours growth then our operating margin automatically has to bump 
up quite a bit. So, I am just trying to see where the growth is going to come 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
from. Is it more heavily loaded into Flavours, which means our EBIT would 
be faster or is it going to have more Fragrance?  
Kedar Vaze: 
I understood your question. I think in the Flavours business, we did 
investments 3-4 years ago and now it is in the kind of full recovery of the 
investment. So, it is actually delivering results which are higher than the 
average result for the Flavours industry we expect. So, another 2 years from 
now we expect some more investments in the Flavours business, similar to 
what we have taken up in the Fragrance business in the last 2 years and this 
year. So, every sort of momentum, we are on the lower side or below the 
average on the fragrance side, we are in the investment phase. In the 
Flavours we have finished the investment phase, we are now in the growth 
phase, sort of in the second half of the growth phase. And couple of years 
we will need further investments in Flavours and then you will see the 
Fragrance margins have restored and improved and the Flavours margin 
position, we will require the next stage of investment. So, this is kind of not 
structural in terms of our business. It's just the level at which we have 
investments vis-à-vis the growth maturation. So, within Fragrances, let say 
the India business, which is the most mature, has much higher results. But it 
also means that our market share and as a result of our market share, our 
growth is lower in new markets which we expect the growth to kick in and 
give us much faster growth. So, it is true that the Flavours margins have been 
better this year compared to, let's say 2 years ago and overall Fragrance 
business. But structurally both businesses are the same. So, it's not going to 
result in any differential in a 2-to-3-year horizon, it will even out. Even out 
means the Fragrance will start to catch up with the Flavours, not the other 
way around.  
Kiran D: 
Okay, got it. Understood sir. Then from a gross margin standpoint, we are 
taking the price hikes and so on and so forth. Are there any alternatives? 
Let's say the drought continues for a year more. I mean we have seen what 
happened to cocoa prices for a while now. So, are there any alternatives that 
we can think of over the next year or two in terms of replacement or there is 
no replacement for any Indonesian or Brazil drought kind of situations? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think the Brazilian drought and Brazilian issue is affecting some of the citrus 
and other products is a more structural issue. So, we have worked with some 
Indian vendors. We have now large part of domestic sourcing for these kinds 
of natural products. So, that will kick in this year and early next year. Maybe 
by that time we will have some alternate to the situation in Brazil. For 
Indonesia, it's not really an easy alternative or replacement, it is quite 
widespread product, and this is a short cycle product relatively. So, in six 
months things should be correct.  
Kiran D: 
Got it, sir. And my last question, sir. I mean we have grown substantially 
higher in India. We were very hopeful of the Europe business grow, much 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
faster than the averages because we are going to take market share away 
because Europe is having a slow down and so on and so forth. Now beyond 
the investment because the investments will pay off in the next 18 to 24 
months in the Europe business. In the interim period, do we see continuing 
gaining market share in the European market as in right now 9.5% growth is 
from Europe. Can we see a structural improvement there where it goes to 
12% to 15% from Europe in the interim 18 to 24 months or that's going to 
happen only after the 24-month period?  
Kedar Vaze: 
No. So, we need to understand the European business is grown at 11.8% 
like for like last year to this year. For a European market which is growing 
less than 2%, a 12% growth is a 10% faster growth than the industry or the 
market average. So, we are doing exceedingly well. We also need to be 
cognizant that there is no or much lower inflation in the European zone. So, 
when we look at the 11.8% or 12% growth in European context, it's a very 
healthy growth. So, there is nothing there which is sort of low growth in any 
which way. It has been a good substantial and fast growth in Europe, and we 
expect it to continue going forward. We will reach a point in year or two where 
we need to invest in production capacity in Europe as we have now invested 
in the development capacity and the sales momentum, it will be a good 
problem that our capacity is fully utilized, and we need to invest in the next 
phase of growth.  
Moderator: 
Thank 
you. 
Next 
question 
is 
from 
Sandip 
Sabharwal 
from 
asksandeepsabharwal.com Please go ahead.  
Sandip Sabharwal: I have tracked the company now for 12 to 16 quarters. My question is that 
there is a lot of volatility in the performance of the company. Sometimes 
suddenly the growth slows down and then there are some reasons for that 
and sometimes there is some margin squeeze which happens. 2-3 years 
back you had indicated a glide path for reducing the debt substantially. But 
we have actually seen that the debt expands. So, leave aside this fire which 
happened because there were some acquisitions you did at some stage then 
suddenly some CAPEX comes up. So, it's very tough for investors to actually 
evaluate what's happening in your company. Can you make some comment 
on this?  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So, let's say not everything goes as what is planned. Let's understand 
that point of view. We are seeing in terms of the investment cycle and 
opportunities. We are seeing opportunities for large investments, and we are 
not waiting for those opportunities because those opportunities come in like 
we have invested behind global MNC, that business can happen. We have 
been trying for 10 years and when it did happen, we need to substantially 
invest behind that business, put the development centres, put the production 
facilities etc. in other geographies that we maximize on that opportunity. So, 
yes, while the track record in the quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year has not 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
been predictable on a longer term. We are doing exactly what the industry 
and the business requires, and we are building a strong foundation for 
continued profitable growth and continued cash flow conversion. We are not 
there; we are not in the end of the size where we are now globally present 
everywhere in matured market and we can then have extremely high 
predictability. We are still in that way hungry and fast-growing company in 
the industry. So, we will have ups and downs as we adjust our strategy to 
opportunities and events that happen in the global world.  
Sandip Sabharwal: Just one clarification, you talked about this Rs.140 crore loss of inventory. 
So, was this the loss of inventory in the fire and this will also get covered 
insurance, or I didn't get that? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So, the Rs. 140 crore that I talked about is the inventory that was lost in 
the fire. We expect a substantial part of that to be paid by the insurance in 
let's say next few months. 
Sandip Sabharwal: Rs. 140 crore plus Rs. 75 crore for the factory, so total will be around Rs. 215 
crore will be your claim and then whatever the insurance company clears for 
you? 
Kedar Vaze: 
That's correct.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Amit Jain from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Amit Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just a few, just couple of things. One, on the 
margin front, when you are guiding this margin of 16% to 18%, so my 
understanding is that whatever investment that we made, most of them are 
recurring in nature. So, have we taken this guidance takes into account those 
expenses like when on the creativity centre, these must be salary expenses? 
So, I just want to check my understanding whether it is correct or not? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so your understanding is correct. It is taking into account the 
normalization of the gross margin and the continued growth in double digit 
plus growth that we expect. So, this will happen as a combination of these 
two events. The costs are recurring nature. Our size of business will grow 
much faster than the increase in the cost plus the recovery on the gross 
margins which is expected now will bring back the position on the profitability.  
Amit Jain: 
And secondly sir, as far as this price division which you are taking for your 
clients. So, just want to understand what is the mechanism? So, it happens 
once in a year or what exactly the mechanism for this price revision ? 
Because you mentioned you that last year you could not take this price 
because of that fire incident. Just want to understand what are this 
mechanism for this price revision? 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Normally every six months or so we review the cost structure and cost 
increases. We go back to the clients. If there is a substantial change in the 
input cost, then we go back to the clients with pricing corrections. So, this is 
a normal process which is reviewed every six months. And it's not that pricing 
happens to all clients and all products happen one go. It's a continuous 
process. But at some point, you have bigger corrections. But you cannot plan 
the exact timing when the raw material increases and when you are making 
the quotations to the customers. So, there will be some periods when there 
is a margin compression and likewise there is margin expansion in other 
times when you have the price increases have come in place and the costs 
have not yet hit the accounting.  
Amit Jain: 
Okay, just a follow up question on this. So, the dip that we have witnessed in 
this quarter last quarter, can it be treated as an aberration or we can see 
such bouts of dips whenever such price correction happens, the abrupt hike 
in the raw material prices? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, what has happened is as you know we are carrying lot of inventory. And 
in the replenishment of the inventory in the fire, some of these raw material 
prices had already gone up substantially. So, we got a hit in the last months 
of the calendar year. In normal situation we would have increased the prices 
to the customers before the increase in the inventory cost would have hit us 
or simultaneously. So, we have a mismatch of 3 to 4 months of inventory 
which was kind of, I would say destroyed in the fire or which had an impact 
in that period.  
Amit Jain: 
And lastly sir, we have a very sticky business because of this fragrance 
business. Now when we are guiding for double digit growth, above the 
industry growth and if we exclude this large MNC account. Are we still hoping 
that, yes, we will be beating this industry level? Just want to understand the 
share of the new clients we are adding and this overall when we are guiding 
for let's say 12%-14% revenue growth for coming couple of years going 
forward? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, we are not considering the global MNC growth in the 12% CAGR that 
we outlined and that's our strategic growth. We have enough customers, 
enough engagement with new products and current volume growth, plus new 
markets in Southeast Asia, Middle East, Europe and now we are starting in 
the US. So, we have lot of markets where our penetration levels are quite 
low and that allows us to grow faster, and we see enough engagement 
across all the customers we have to enable us to grow at (+12%) year-on-
year.  
Amit Jain: 
So, basically, majorly this growth will be led by new client addition, or it will 
be a mix of both higher wallet share and new client additions? 

 Q3 & 9M FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Both, higher volume share, new client and new geographies. So, completely 
new areas and new clients in those areas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Amrish Kacker, who's an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Amrish Kacker: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just one question from my side; on a broader 
and longer time frame, is there some more detail on the Flavours business 
that you could share or a timing of when you're likely to outline broader 
ambition for this? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the Flavours business is, its business division that has started later than 
the Fragrance business. So, it is about 25 years old compared to 100-year-
old business which is the Fragrance business. Having said that it has its own 
trajectory. We have continued to build it up from zero with some acquisitions 
and we have now finished the investment as I am mentioning in the 
development and the production for the current size, and we expect it to be 
a good strong (+15%) CAGR growth business. So, eventually it will grow 
faster than the Fragrance on the current base. On the overall the Fragrance 
and Flavours business, globally is roughly split equally we have there. So, 
we see in the longer term that the Flavours business will have more and more 
percentage of the overall business.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take that as the last question. I would now like 
to hand the conference back to the management team for closing comments.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarification or would like to know 
more about the company, please feel free to contact our team of CDR India. 
Thank you once again for taking the time.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of S.H. Kelkar and Company Limited, that 
concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy.  
