

To,








Date:31stJanuary,2025

TheListingandComplianceDepartment
NationalStockExchangeofIndiaLimited
ExchangePlaza,5thFloor,
PlotNo.C/1,Gblock,
BandraKurlaComplex,
BandraEast,Mumbai–400051
ScriptCode:SM–INFOBEAN
TheManager,
ListingDept.
BSELimited
PhirozeJeejeebhoyTowers,
DalalStreet,
MumbaiͲ400001
MHͲIN
ScripCode:543644

Subject: Transcripts of the earnings call conducted after the Meeting of Board of directors on
Tuesday,28thJanuary,2025at04:30P.M.(IST)

PleasefindenclosedthetranscriptsoftheearningscallconductedaftertheBoardmeetingheldon
28thJanuary,2025foryourinformationandrecords.

ThisinformationwillalsobehostedontheCompany’swebsite,at
https://www.infobeans.com/investors/

Thankingyou,
YoursFaithfully
ForInfoBeansTechnologiesLtd



SurbhiJain
CompanySecretary&ComplianceOfficer
Surbhi Jain
Digitally signed by 
Surbhi Jain 
Date: 2025.01.31 
18:08:52 +05'30'

 
InfoBeans Technologies Limited 
Dec 31, 2024, Q3FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Management  
Avinash Sethi, Co-founder 
Krunal Sanghvi, Sr. Manager, Finance 
Mridul Maheshwari, Manager, Corporate Development 
Surbhi Jain, Company Secretary & Compliance OǤcer 
Transcript 
 
Surbhi Jain 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining this 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Call for InfoBeans Technologies Limited. The results are available on 
the stock exchange. In case anyone does not have a copy of the same, please do write 
to us, and we will be happy to send over it to you. To take us through the results of this 
quarter, we have with us Co-Founder, Mr. Avinash Sethi. 
We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the company's performance, and 
then we will allow the Q&A session. Kindly ask your questions by raising your hand after 
the brief overview by Avinash is over, and then we will address all the questions one by 
one. I would like to remind you all that everything said on this call that reﬂects any 
outlook for the future can be considered as a forward-looking statement and must be 
used in conjunction with the uncertainty and risks that we face. These uncertainties and 

risks are included, but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus ﬁled 
with the SEBI and the subsequent annual report. With that said, I turn over the call to 
Mr. Avinash Sethi. Over to you, Avinash. 
Avinash Sethi 
Thank you Surbhi. Thank you everybody for joining this call. We appreciate your 
interest in InfoBeans. Let's start. I'll quickly run through the highlights of the company 
and then we'll talk about the results and then we'll open to Q&A.  
InfoBeans was founded in 2000. We are 25 years organization now. We are globally 
known for AI-led design and engineering work. We strive to deliver meaningful work, 
and meaningful value to our customers using the best of the available software 
technology in the world. We are present in all the locations that you see on the map. In 
India, we are in ﬁve locations, in Europe, Frankfurt, the Middle East and Dubai, and 
USA and Bali, Silicon Valley, and New York.  
Next, please. Just a quick road map of what we have been doing and achieved in all 
these years. The ﬁrst 10-12 years were more foundational and the real growth started 
after 2010 onwards. That is when we went to, you know, a world-class facility in Crystal 
IT Park in SEZ Indore. And then we went public in 2017 and acquired a couple of 
companies on the way. And then we almost touched 400 crores in 2023. We have 
onboarded Phaneesh  Murthy, as an advisor to the board. He was the ex-CEO of iGate. 
And then just this month, we have onboarded Harmeet Bhatia, as a chief revenue 
oǤcer in the Bay Area. We also achieved this CMMI level 5 maturity level for our 
project development processes. 
Next Please. The quick numbers out here. Very large companies being our clients is one 
of the USP of InfoBeans. We have about 29 large enterprise clients that we work with. 
These are either billion-dollar businesses or billion-dollar valuation businesses. 90% 
repeat business for us, so that helps, you know, prove the client's trust, the great 
amount of trust that the client has on us. We have done two successful acquisitions. We 

have 300 members who have been with us for ﬁve years or more. We are listed on both 
the stock markets. Financials - nine months for 24-25, 302 crores in revenue, 60 crores in 
the EBIDTA, 28 crores in the PAT, 242 crores of cash and cash equivalents that includes 
76 crores of AR accounts. Mostly these are good. And we've been doing a CAGR of 26% 
in the last ﬁve years.  
Several awards and partnerships which are worth mentioning. We are a Salesforce 
Platinum Partner, and a Servicenow premier partner. We have been receiving awards 
like Great place to work for many, many years. We are also one of the Best companies 
for women in India, Dream Companies to work for multiple times and recently got 
CMMI-Level 5 award as well. 
These are the areas that we focus on, software services including web and cloud, user 
experience and design work, rapid prototyping ability, which is a special ability that we 
have. AI-enabled solutions around generative AI, GitHub, CoPilot and so on. Platform 
solutions like Salesforce and ServiceNow Consulting, and then RPA, automation, 
DevOps, CICD and QA work. These are the abilities that we oǣer to our customers 
globally. 
Next, please. So some of the key updates for the quarter. We got CMMI-Level 5 
appraised for this quarter. Six clients were on-boarded, two European customers, which 
are large enterprises, two U.S.-based large enterprises, and two U.S.-based SMEs. 
On-boarded, Harmeet Bhatia, I just mentioned. Sponsored ServiceNow World Forum in 
Dallas. We are playing an active role in the ServiceNow and Salesforce area, and 
selectively picking up conferences where we actively participate as a sponsors also. 
Participated in the World Standards Day. A good number of customers are 
standard-compliance companies, so we are active in that space as well. On the ESG 
and CSR front, we continue to make our contribution.  

Next, please. This is the board of directors. Again, a very highly experienced core team, 
which we are very proud to have. They have a big time at InfoBeans and they are the 
leaders who are responsible for growing the business to the next level. 
A new one joining on the board. He was working as a head of sales for Jade Global in 
the U.S., and now he joined us. He brings 30 years of experience in sales, marketing, 
and business development, particularly in IT services. 
All the clients have been with us for quite a long time. The average age for our large 
customers is 9 years. 90% of our clients are repeat customers, and it goes a long way in 
terms of establishing our presence with the customers. 
A quick look at the numbers. December 23 versus December 24, YoY has grown by 6% 
on the revenue side, 12% on the EBITDA side, and about 27% on the PAT side. There 
might be some rounding errors here, so 3% might seem like 2%, but it is because of the 
rounding that the percentages are diǣerent. But we'll see the details at the end of the 
next slide. Here are the actual numbers without decimals. If you look at it, our revenue 
from operations has grown by 8 crores from 89 to 97. However, it is slightly lower as 
compared to September 24 quarter. The other income has reduced to 3 crores from 5 in 
December 23, and the total revenue is 100 crores in December 24 as compared to 94 in 
23. It is slightly lower as compared to September 24. December quarters are usually 
lower quarters in terms of the billing availability and the number of billing hours 
available for the month or the quarter, because of Dussehra, Diwali, holidays in India, 
and then Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays in the U.S. Plus, a couple of customers, 
you know, do a two-week shutdown towards the end of the year, like, from 16th of 
December to 31st of December, they do a shutdown. Therefore, there cannot be any 
billing that can be done for these customers. So, because of these, you know, drop in 
billing hours, that billability is lower and then the revenue is lower. So, which is usually 
the case every December quarter, we will see a lower number as compared to the 
previous quarter. So, nothing to worry in that sense. In fact, I ﬁnd it extremely good 
that we've been able to move the needle signiﬁcantly from 89 crores to 97 crores 

between December to December quarters. EBITDA improved, and same is the fact, we 
have been able to improve that. Note that our approval cycle hit in October, and 
therefore, this quarter has the impact of increasing payroll cost across the company. 
And despite that, we've been able to have a better margin as compared to December 
23. So, better utilization and cost optimization eǣorts have yielded good control on the 
cost so far. 
Next Please. This is a breakup. Interestingly, Europe is, you know, increasing the pie, 
the size of its pie. Usually, a year ago, I would say 80% was US, 10% was Europe, and 
10% was UAE plus India. Today, both UAE and Europe are increasing their share in the 
pie, and US is slightly reduced. By segment, we are more or less 50-50 between digital 
transformation and product engineering. And by business, InfoBeans Cloudtech has 
shown a slight dip. It used to be 18%, now it is 15% right now.  
Next, please. CMMI level 5, we talked about it next. This is the conference I was talking 
about. We sponsored the ServiceNow World event, World Forum in Dallas, and here we 
have a team from Agenio including US team putting together the show. We attended 
the Standard Development Conference and pitched to ANSI, which is the standard 
body there.  
Next Please. We hosted a coding hackathon for students of high school, which was the 
largest high school conference in India, and it was a good experience. The students 
really loved the coding experience.  
Next Please. We have a practice where we plant a tree for b’days for each of our team 
members. So, we have a score of planting 346 trees in the last quarter.  
This is the public information as of 31st December, 2024.  
Next, please. We are open to questions and answers, and I will ask Surbhi & Mridul to 
coordinate.  

Mridul Maheshwari 
Participants can kindly raise their hands to ask the question. We would request you to 
limit your questions to two so that we can address as many questions as possible. The 
ﬁrst question comes from the line of Rajesh Chaudhary. Rajesh, kindly ask your 
question 
Rajesh Chaudhary 
Yeah, good evening. My question is like, why your proﬁt after tax margins are very less 
as compared to year on year will this trend continue or can we see an increase in the 
proﬁt after tax margins? 
Avinash 
I didn't get the question, Do you mean proﬁt is less? 
Rajesh Chaudhary 
Proﬁt after tax margin I am talking about it is, if you see the year-on-year ﬁgures and 
it is quite low. I understand on a sequential basis it is on parity but year to year basis.  
Avinash 
The PAT margin we are working hard to improve and if you look at the September 
quarter we were doing much better. I think it is also a factor of the revenue, if we can, if 
we have any increase in revenue all of that will go to the PAT or more or less it will go to 
the PAT. So we are, I would say, running a very tight ship at this point in time where 
most of the cost is adding to the revenue, most of the cost is contributing to generate 
revenue and anything additionally that we generate on the revenue side we will be able 
to go back to the PAT. That is one way to look at it. The second way to look at it is, since 
we have intangible assets on the books, by real acquisitions of two companies, we have 
a signiﬁcant portion of amortization that we do every year and I think every six 

months we present a number of the real cash heading to the books versus the PAT. We 
do a much better cash accumulation over the years and I think the best way to look at 
it is EBITDA margins. Are we improving on EBITDA margins or not? And the target is to 
stay around 23-24% EBITDA margins and any increase in revenue will immediately add 
to the EBITDA margins. So PAT is not a very good picture of what the business is. 
Another factor is we have certain units which are tax-exempt and certain units which 
are not tax-exempt. So at some point in time, some units generate more proﬁt and 
other units don't generate enough proﬁt. So it depends on which zone it is generating 
more proﬁt and whether it is highly taxed or it is lower taxed. So again, PAT is 
misleading in this market. EBITDA is a better indicator.  
 
 
Rajesh Chaudhary 
And the second question is like I think we onboarded six new clients. So what would be 
the revenue contribution from these new clients? 
Avinash Sethi 
See we are a services company and typically any new client that starts with us will start 
with a small project. And these projects, typically when I look at all these six clients, we 
probably are looking at 100K to 200K worth of work to begin with. And eventually it 
increases. So it is kind of a test of position and test of business where we give small 
work to begin and then it ﬂies oǣ quickly. 
Rajesh Chaudhary 
Okay. Yeah. Thank you all the best. Thank you. Thank you.  
Mridul Maheshwari 
Thank you, Rajesh. The next question comes from the line of Devansh. Devansh, kindly 
ask your question. 

Devansh 
Hi, Avinash. How are you?  
Avinash 
Very well, Devansh 
Devansh 
It's good to see the growth in Infobeans over the last few years. There has been 
growth. So that's very good. I just had a question. So what was the net change to our 
employee count this quarter? Is there been any net change?  
Avinash 
Yeah, so we reduced our net count by 43 people to be precise. We have done a bit of a 
cost optimization here.  
Devansh 
And the second question was on the CMMI accreditation of level 5. How do you see that 
ﬂowing down into revenue and proﬁt growth over the next few years? If you could just 
explain that, it'll be great. 
Avinash 
It is diǤcult to put a number to it, Devansh. What happens is when you get such 
certiﬁcations, it's kind of a credibility enhancer. So we were growing with the CMMI 
level 3. But did we grow well from no certiﬁcation to CMMI level 3 certiﬁcation? 
Deﬁnitely yes. Was it purely because of CMMI level 3? The answer is no. Whether we are 
going to grow from CMMI level 3 to CMMI level 5 in terms of revenue, only because of 

that, the answer will be no. But does it really help? It certainly yes. So it is very diǤcult 
to put a number to it. But yes, it is, you know, enhancing the credibility of your 
presence. So when I'm going to pitch my company to a new customer, they'll be happy 
to see that I'm a CMMI level 5 company. And I have at least get a chance to be heard. 
That possibly, yeah, is better. But whether I can attribute everything to or attribute any 
number to this, it is diǤcult. 
Devansh 
Okay, thank you. Just the last question was, are we continuing to look for acquisition 
targets? And has there been any update? Because two quarters back, we were looking 
to expand into AI oǣerings. And we've partnered with a company there. But are we also 
looking at any acquisitions? And if you could just explain your thought process behind 
the acquisition pipeline. 
Avinash 
Yes, we do. We continue to look at acquisition opportunities. And I think we maintain 
our stance that, you know, if it is suitable, and it is falling in our, you know, ﬁtment, then 
only we will acquire. We will not acquire just because we have money, just because we 
are not growing organically, or just because the market is putting a lot of pressure on 
us. We will not do that. But the right ﬁtment and the right value is what we are looking 
at. We are very actively searching for companies in ServiceNow and Salesforce space. 
But yeah, we have not been able to close anything so far. But it is still a part of our 
active strategy. 
Devansh 
Understood. Thank you. Thank you.  
Avinash Sethi 
Thank you very much. 
  

Mridul Maheshwari 
The next question comes from the line of Shashi Bhushan. Shashi, kindly ask your 
question. 
Shashi Bhushan 
Hi, team. This is Shashi Bhushan. I have two questions. Are you able to hear? 
 Avinash 
Yes. 
Shashi Bhushan 
Yeah, my ﬁrst question is, last quarter, you told actually, next coming quarter, 
September to December, you told max margin, one or two percent will drop. But I can 
see almost four and a half percent dropped actually, operating proﬁt, 19 to 14.5. And 
that too you mentioned, I think you ignored some Indian projects actually, because 
that project is not generating margins, correct? But here I can say, almost four and a 
half percent operating margins. You told already appraisals, but it won't impact 
something like that, max two to three percent. But I can see, able to see 4.5 percent 
margins. Yeah, can you elaborate? 
  
Avinash 
See, there is an impact of, there is a, let me give you a number. There's about 3 crores of 
quarterly impact because of the appraisals. Now, if I were to look at revenue, we have 
seen a drop of 3 crores from the last quarter, so had we been able to maintain a similar 
top line, there would have been a little impact on the bottom line. Now I also mentioned 
that we reduced the headcount by about 43 people, so we would have saved some 
money from there as well, however having said that, the idea is not to reduce the 
business size, the idea is to improve the business size. Now we have hired Harmeet as 

the CRO and we will have more salespeople coming and joining us. So that will impact 
the margin deﬁnitely for that quarter, but if I were to look at a longer period, at least 12 
to 18 months, we will be able to recover everything that we have spent in the initial 
quarters in order to grow the business. So I don't think a business can be run on a 
quarter-to-quarter basis, a business has to be seen in the light of the investment that 
you are making and how it is going to create an impact in the longer run. You know one 
quarter, one client, a good client in a quarter can change the margins very very quickly. 
But if I were to look at a pattern over a longer period, then only I will be able to do 
justice to the decisions and the business that I am doing here. So I think it is diǤcult to 
maintain that mathematical progression in a quarter to quarter. It is always going to be 
up and down, but in the longer run, if you draw a line, then you will ﬁnd that it will be 
going in a certain direction, which is the direction of the business. 
Shashi Bhushan 
Yeah, my last question actually, I can see in margins, I think at that time as an investor, 
it was a very good day, we can say 21-22 March, it was awesome actually, 22-24% 
actually margins. So can we expect at least 20% margin coming 2-3 years, at least 
margins? Because nowadays we can see max since last 2-3 years, 17-18 only, correct? 
Avinash Sethi 
Yeah, we are striving for that, we want to have our EBITDA margins cross 23-24% and 
that is our goal. We want to achieve that number, but at the same time, as I said, we 
want to achieve that number in a sustainable manner and therefore whatever 
investments that are required to reach that kind of a position, we continue to do that. 
And that would mean that there might be pain in the short term, but it will recover in 
the long term. Now if I go back to the time we were talking about in the year 21-22, that 
was a time when there was a great demand coming in, people were working remotely, 
at the same time, there was a great demand of team members also. So both businesses 
were ﬂying high, as well as both on the revenue side and as well as on the people side. 
Now what this has created is a very high-cost environment for IT industry, where the 
developer cost is almost doubled in just less than 2 years I would say. Between 22-24, 

the cost has almost doubled. Now in that environment, obviously you cannot maintain 
the same margin just oǣ the bat. It has to, I mean we are passing on the cost to the 
customers slowly and gradually and the results have to be seen in the last three 
quarters, the margins have started to show improvements. Even though the revenue is 
not growing as fast, the margins are growing faster. So that is good news in a sense 
that yes, we are going in the right direction. Now how soon can we reach 24% and 
whether we will be able to maintain that quarter-on-quarter? I think it will still take 
some time. 
 
Rupesh 
Okay, so I have three questions broadly. So one, one question is, I mean, with in US 
now there is talk of you know, animal spirits in the economy are back, business 
conﬁdence has gone up by you know, 30 40% like that. So how I mean, how is the 
environment now? Do you think now that in calendar 25 there will deﬁnitely be revenue 
growth, which will be, you know, more closer to our historical run rate? Are you now at 
least seeing the environment is supportive? That is question number one. Question 
number two is can you give me the utilization level now of our manpower? And question 
number three is can you talk about Agenio as I think Agenio was $1.5 million business, I 
think in a Q1 if I have my numbers, right? So where where is that business? How is that 
business scaling up? So if you can address these three questions? 
Avinash 
Yeah, thank you, Rupesh. To talk about the animal spirits, I think it is more talk than the 
reality. Again, the media can always extrapolate certain situations with a lot of biases 
that they would have. But I think the cautious, my mood is still cautious in my mind. 
Customers 
are deﬁnitely looking positive because Trump has always been 
pro-corporates. So their environment is deﬁnitely there. I don't think it is animal spirits 
anywhere to be seen at this point in time. But regardless of that, the environment is 
better as compared to what it was six months ago. So that is one. 

The second thing is about the utilization level. So we are at 79%. We are striving to 
improve it further. And the third thing is on the Agenio. Agenio is doing well. I don't 
know if I gave you any number. Even if I were to give you any number, it will be a more 
annual expectation. What has happened is we've struck another relationship with a 
parent of Agenio, which is called Materna. Materna is a group company, which does IT 
services in Germany. And Agenio is a subset in the subsidiary of Materna, which is 
focused only on ServiceNow. Now we have two levels of relationships. One is with 
Agenio only on ServiceNow work. And second is with Materna for multiple IT services 
work. So we are exploring with them whether we can work on design services, we can 
work on IT services related to all the open source technologies, also on AI-related work. 
So multiple levels of partnerships are being struck, both at the child and the parent 
side. So that's a good development. And you can see the European market, which is 
German revenue is almost doubled from what it used to be a year ago. So yes, good 
progress in that sense. And with now we are, you know, hoping that we'll be able to 
generate more sales from all the three geographies combined, because we are 
investing heavily in the sales side for the US, for Germany, and forthe  Middle East. 
Rupesh 
Okay, and then maybe I can ask one or two follow-ups quickly. 
Avinash 
Please come in the queue, I would say, 
Rupesh  
Okay. Yeah, thank you very much. 
 Mridul Maheshwari 
Thanks, Rupesh. The next question comes from the line of Devansh Goenka. 
  

Avinash Sethi 
Devansh has already spoken. If you have somebody else, please have them. 
Mridul Maheshwari 
The next question comes from the line of Mitesh Gandhi. Mitesh, kindly ask your 
question. 
Mitesh Gandhi 
Hello, can you hear me? 
Avinash Sethi 
Yeah, Mitesh. 
Mitesh Gandhi 
Yeah, I just want to know what is the other income? Basically, it is an interest only or 
what? 
Avinash Sethi 
It is a combination of two things, interest income as well as any foreign exchange gain 
or loss that we get. It is a combination of two things.  
Mitesh Gandhi 
Because if we remove interest income which is around 3 in December quarter, the proﬁt 
after tax will just be a 4 CR. So major element is that other income in 7, almost 50%. So 
what we feel is that other income is 50% of our total proﬁt after tax.  
Avinash Sethi 
Okay 
Mitesh Gandhi 

So I mean, then what is the business is earning then?  
Avinash Sethi 
The other income money that the 165 crores has come from the business, my dear 
friend.  
Mitesh Gandhi 
Okay. Yeah, that we understood. But then now, as of now, if we just utilize that cash, the 
proﬁt will be much higher actually, because we are showing that we have a cash 
balance of 290 crores, something like that. 
Avinash Sethi 
See Mitesh, that's what I'm saying. We can't look at the business quarter on quarter. 
Mitesh Gandhi 
Yeah. 
 Avinash Sethi 
See, as I mentioned, we can't build customers in the holiday season. But that does not 
mean that the business is not doing good, right? If there are holidays, you got to live 
with those. Look at September 24, there is a PAT of 13 crores and there is other income, 
4 crores. There is 9 crores and 98 crores. Is that good? 
Mitesh Gandhi 
Yeah, and I just want to know, I know the market price is diǣerent than what the 
business, but because today the result is published and it has given the impact on the 
share price directly. 
 Avinash Sethi 
See, share price is a diǣerent matter altogether. 

  
Mitesh Gandhi 
Yeah, we understood. But since today the result has been declared, and we consider 
that this is what this other income, if we remove this as the business, and it has been 
impacted, it is showing the share price directly when we release the results. 
Avinash Sethi 
I can't really comment on that. 
Mitesh Gandhi 
Okay, ﬁne. 
Mridul Maheshwari 
Avinash, do you want to emphasize on the EBITDA portion that generates the cash 
again? 
 Avinash Sethi 
Yeah, I mentioned earlier also, PAT is not the right number to look at. You should look at 
the EBITDA number, which is telling you how much is the business generating on the 
operating side. And there is a signiﬁcant portion of amortization that is also causing 
the PAT to reduce. So, that is how it should be looked at. Even if you look at 18 crores of 
EBITDA, remove 3 crores of the other income from there, 15 crores of EBITDA on 97 
crores. I wouldn't ﬁnd this problem here. Same goes with September 24, 19 crores on 98, 
quite a decent number. 
Mitesh Gandhi 
Thanks.  
 

Mridul Maheshwari 
Thanks, Mitesh. 
The next question comes from Vikul Arora. Vikul, kindly ask your question. 
Vikul Arora 
Yeah, hi. Am I audible? 
Avinash Sethi 
Yes. 
Vikul Arora 
Avinash ji, just wanted to highlight that I'm not considering from quarter to quarter. If I 
look at the June Q2 FY23 to current quarter, it's been around 9 to 10 quarters. Our top 
line is not like we were rounding around 95 to 100 crore. So, if I compare with any other 
peers, small to mid to large cap, our revenue is not going somewhere else. If you can 
throw some light. 
  
Avinash Sethi 
Yeah, I agree with you Vikul on that and we are equally upset because of that. We have 
been trying multiple things and there have been one or the other clients moving away 
which is causing this pain. But at the same time, we've been able to get new clients who 
are able to ﬁll the gap. However, the end result remains the same we are in that 95 to 
100 crore range. Totally understand and totally agree with you. So, as I said, we are 
equally upset with that and therefore, if you look at the kind of changes that we are 
doing, including people like Phaneesh Murthy to guide us whether where are we going 
wrong, what are we missing, what are the things that we should be doing, how should 
we change the strategy direction, which geographies to focus on, which oǣerings to 
focus on and we have made those changes. We've got CRO Harmeet Bhatia as a chief 

executive role, C role, C suite role and he is now a CRO at the America region. So, all 
these changes are in line with what you're saying which we are also trying to see how 
we can break this orbit and move to the next one. So, we have been working on these 
direction and I agree with what you're saying. It's like not even June, I think the March 
22 till December 24, we are in that nervous 90s if I were to talk about that. But yeah, I 
am painfully aware of that. We are working hard in terms of changing and breaking this 
orbit. 
Vikul Arora 
So, I can assume like the same thrust that we were having at that time, same we are 
having now. We are not having any kind of, you know, mindset change. 
 Avinash Sethi 
I didn't get it. What do you mean by that? 
 Vikul Arora 
I'm saying the way we were doing the, you know, acquisition and growth at 2022 that 
time, we are also working towards in the same goal. That's what my question is. 
 Avinash Sethi 
See, and I keep mentioning that. I probably have done it in the past also. We as 
founders, it is a gross injustice to us and to our shareholders if we are not investing in 
growth. Now, it does not mean that from March 22 to December 24, we have not 
invested in growth. We did and we, you know, didn't succeed in certain ways and 
certain methods. Therefore, we are getting more experienced people in the business 
and seeking their guidance and how to, you know, correct this particular hurdle. And 
that is the direction that we are taking. Obviously, we are committing you know, a lot 
of, I would say, resources to it. And hopefully, you know, this will change certain things 
in the time to come. But we are restless and we are, you know, upset. We are willing to 
crack this open and go to the next orbit and we are, you know, doing all that it takes, 
including the acquisition eǣorts. So, yes, both organic and inorganic growth, we are 

investing heavily. And I think it's probably, you know, outcome will need to speak more 
than what I am speaking. So, there is nothing that I can add further at this point.  
Vikul Arora 
All right. So, related to M&A, earlier we had a kind of one or two pipelines, but in this 
presentation, we haven't any, uh, kind of, uh, I'm in the pipeline, so we are not having 
any kind of, uh, company  
Avinash Sethi 
Nothing worth mentioning right now, therefore we did not put anything this time. There 
is nothing that is going on. Uh, we were positive about a couple of pipelines last time. 
And therefore we used to mention that, but there's nothing at this point. 
Vikul Arora 
All right. Thanks for your explanation. Thank you. Thank you. 
Mridul Maheshwari 
Just one last question which we would take, because we are at the top of the hour, the 
next question comes from the line of Sagar. Kindly ask your question. 
Sagar 
Yeah. Sir, I just wanted to ask you, a similar question. Like if you look at your EBITDA 
margin, so if you include other income with your EBITDA margin, then your EBITDA 
margin is 18, 17%. But then again, then if you exclude the other income part, then your 
EBITDA margin is somewhere near 15%. So you once guided that, your margins will, you 
know, you have a mission to achieve a EBITDA margin of 22%. So I just wanted to know 
that, that EBITDA margin you're saying, includes other income or excludes other 
income. And if so, like, okay, then how, are we done with the cost optimization part, or 
we can look, you know, for the next full year, like, a better cause of cost optimization 
strategy. 

  
Avinash 
It is a constant eǣort, you know, we've been able to control the cost across all these 
quarters, and we have a better handle. Having said that we are investing in sales, in all 
the geographies, so that will add up to the burden of the cost. But, we are hopeful that 
the increase in revenue will, you know, recover all of those costs in time to come. So we 
are constantly improving our optimization eǣorts, and we want to increase our 
utilization levels beyond 80%. Actually the target is 85%. So, uh, we are working to 
constantly towards that. So there are pockets that we are, you know, improving upon, 
and, you know, it's a constant exercise.  
Vikul Arora 
And, you know, just wanted to share a concern, like, uh, you have posted a decent 
number, to be frank for this quarter, but the thing is, that there is a concern about 
capital allocation part, because you have almost 150 crores of, you know, kind of free 
cash in your balance sheet, and we have not made any acquisitions. So that is putting 
heavy price on the stock price because capital allocation is really important, which, you 
know, the ROE and all is getting very hampered. So I just hope that, you know, you 
work on that. 
Avinash Sethi 
Yeah, we are painfully aware of that.  
Sagar 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you. 
Mridul Maheshwari 
Thank you, Sagar. Over to you, Avinash, for the closing remarks. 
  

Avinash Sethi 
Thank you, everyone, for your continued interest in InfoBeans. Any questions that is left 
unanswered, please send an email to investor.relations@infobeans.com, and we'll be 
happy to answer. And, you know, I invite every one of you to come and visit InfoBeans 
if you have time. If you are in Indore, you know, we'll be happy to help you and spend 
time with you in terms of explaining the business to you. I mean, anytime I'm in 
Mumbai or Pune or any of the cities that you are in, we'll try and reach out to you and 
see if we can do a quick session with you to explain the business in a better way. Thank 
you very much, and feel free to reach out to us. We'll be happy to answer any of your 
unanswered questions. 
