 
 
 
 
 
 
7/Govt/SE/2024-25/0088 
17th February, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai 400 051 
Trading Symbol: PAKKA 
BSE Limited  
Department of Corporate Service 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
25th Floor, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
 
Scrip Code: 516030 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors Video Conference Call (Group Meet) of 3rd quarter and 
9 months ended on 31st December, 2024, held on Tuesday, 11th February, 2025 at 
09:30 am (IST) under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit the Transcript of Investors Video Conference Call 
(Group Meet) conducted on Tuesday, 11th February, 2025 at 09:30 am (IST) to discuss 
the Company’s performance for the 3rd quarter and 9 months ended on 31st December, 
2024. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. The transcript attached is also available on 
the website of the Company https://pakka.com.  
 
Kindly bring it to the notice of all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Pakka Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sachin Kumar Srivastava 
Company Secretary & Legal Head 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Page 1 of 30
Sachin 
Kumar 
Srivastava
Digitally signed 
by Sachin Kumar 
Srivastava 
Date: 2025.02.17 
21:35:09 +05'30'

Investor Conference Call Invitation for Q3 FY 2024-25 
(Pakka Limited)-20250211_093121-Meeting Recording 
February 11, 2025,  
1h 33m 43s 
 
Sachin Srivastava started transcription 
 
Pranay Pasricha   0:03 
 
Well, I'll just introduce. The company leadership. So we have Ved Krishna, who is the group 
lead and the vice chairman of the company. 
 
Sachin Srivastava   0:10 
Yes. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   0:16 
 
We have Satish. Satish is leading the US business. He's the US business lead. I'll just request 
everyone to be on mute. Thank you. And we have Rolando. Rolando is the group CFO. We 
have Gautam, who is the Executive Director, and we have Sachin, who is the Company 
Secretary and Legal Head. So, we'll proceed with this quarter's presentation. I'll just share my 
screen just a minute. Yeah, Sachin is my screen visible? OK. Alright, so we'll just for the benefit 
of the new investors, we'll start with a short introductory video. Request you to please go 
through it. It represents you know what we're trying to achieve here at Packer. Is the sound 
coming? OK. So I'll just share again. So that was a short game. So, what we are trying to 
achieve in our vision? Now I would like to hand it over to way we'll first go through the India 
Business Performance, International updates, innovation updates and financial updates. And 
then at the end of it, we'll take questions and answers. So, request you to please take over. 
 
Ved Krishna   4:43 
 
May have good morning all of you. I'm of course not supposed to take this section, but Jagdeep 
is on his way to Columbia. He's just landed and he requested me if I can do it because he's still 
on his way to the hotel, hopefully he'll be able to join us in some time and it's a good thing 
because we are trying to do a big business possibility exploration there, but yeah. Let me take 
you through. The performance that we have achieved. So first of all, I'd like to inform that it's 
been a very, very tough quarter. Overall, if you see the packaging business has not has been 
very challenging. That said, we are extremely proud of our team to maintain at least very similar 
numbers. To the last quarter and also a little bit up from the quarter, same quarter last year. So 
if you see the top line, it's at 111 crores and the bottom line is still quite profitable. The book, 
which is at 17.45 crores, which is of course higher than last year, the same quarter. A little bit 
lower than this year's last one. Let's go ahead. So if you look at our main business right now, 
which is food wrap and carry, which comes from our paper operations, you'll see that there is 
a significant. Again, maintenance of the overall business and in fact it's a little bit higher when 
we 
compare 
it 
to 
the 
last 
years, 
nine 
months. 
And this is of course been a little more challenging. It is a little bit higher in terms of revenue, 
but of course we continue to struggle on the side of the profitability which is in the next screen. 
Which is the food service disposables. If you look at sorry this is again food wrap and carry. 
So of course again quarter 3 compared to last year we are up but if you compare it to quarter 
two it's been little bit poorer. Yeah, this is where the challenge lies. And I know you all have 
been very, very concerned about this area. We continue to struggle. This is primarily because 
Page 2 of 30

of a large influx of players in this field. About 50 new players have suddenly come into the 
field and the pricing has been completely arbitrary. Which means that in the short term we have 
to face a lot of competition and that has meant that, you know, we've had to kind of take a few 
shutdowns. There's not been enough. Does that have been a stock build up and now we're 
looking towards restrategizing how to move this business and make it stronger? But again, we 
can only say that we are concerned and of course apologetic as well because we were very 
point about this business, but it has taken a hit when it comes to this year. We are very, very 
happy to state that project Jagruti is going well despite facing a lot of challenges because we 
are situated in Ayodhya, which is right now going through the Kumbh Mela kind of, I would 
say total mayhem because of that. So, we are not being able to take trucks in the cement is kind 
of stranded. The machines are stranded, but that said, I think the team has again been working 
day and night to find ways to get it in the main. All progress is that it is 44% complete. The 
main line is of course the flexible packaging line, and you'll be delighted to know that you 
know it's the progress is good, the machine is coming from a wonderful French company called 
Alimo, which is specialized in these kinds of applications. And again, we've designed the 
machine. With a lot of thought and it is going to really be a definitely hoping to create a big 
difference in this domain as we go along. So, the idea is that by the end of this year, we start 
with our base paper production and then we set up coding operations early next year to convert 
it to real flexible packaging. There are some more glimpses of the project progress. Just to give 
you a little bit of a site. I am told by Sachin that there may be a investor visit in March. So, 
you'll get to see a lot more action when you come to the site. But the ETP is almost complete. 
We always try and take our responsibilities very seriously when it comes to the environment, 
so we've already more or less commissioned it. There is a lot of progress on the recovery boiler 
pulp mill, the paper machine building is started. This is a little picture of the pooja ceremony, 
but this will ultimately lead to the flexible packaging line. Let's go ahead. Hand over to Satish. 
 
Satish ChamyVelumani   9:40 
 
Good morning, everybody. Thank you, Ved. I have been handling innovation for a for a little 
bit for the last two quarters. I'm very excited to announce that Doctor Sam Sohn has joined us 
as the new head of Innovations. He's gonna be operating out of Portland. Can you all hear me 
OK? 
 
Ved Krishna   10:05 
Yep, Satish, you're good. 
 
Satish ChamyVelumani   10:08 
 
Great. I've  had some issues with my headphones. So Doctor Sam comes with plenty of 
experience in material sciences. Working with large teams, managing over 150 researches in 
the past. Great innovator, we are super excited. He has done plenty of work in sustainable 
materials. But LG Chem, SC Johnson, Samsung, Amcor and DuPont. In fact, he just joined us 
today at the Portland Office. We are super excited to have him onboard. And I would wanna 
give a a good update on flexible packaging. We are making great progress with NM 
development and. The strategy today is to accelerate the nonmetallized flexible packaging 
development and while we are doing that commercialize M3, there is a great demand that has 
come in from. Both the US market and India and we are looking at commercializing M3 with 
outsource operations right away. And while these two are happening. Again, these two would 
definitely lead us into commercializing non metalized. So if you look at, I mean we go by 
quarter by quarter. So the first quarter which is April, May, June, I'm pretty positive that we 
would have the development completed and in second quarter we would commercialize M3 
Page 3 of 30

and in third quarter we would go ahead. And commercialize nonmetallized so that that's what 
we are looking at. 
 
Ved Krishna   11:51 
So M3 just for investors is a metalised substrate, which is our first. Edition of the product. 
 
Satish ChamyVelumani   12:00 
 
The classification made. Sorry, I should have been clear. We have been using internalize and 
I'm so caught up in my head with NM and M3. Let's go. And on the food service disposable 
side? We our our entire focus has been on the delivery sector over the last few months and if 
you most of our investors can recall that we have been working tirelessly on coming up with 
the best possible design for Indian food Service applications, which is probably the most 
Challen. In the world and we have cracked it to about 95%. So there's a slight delay in 
development. Now we are accelerating this further. Again, I and we have just shown only one 
picture here, but there are multiple sizes but they all they all look the same, right? 
So this is our new family of delivery containers. We're pretty excited. There have been lots of 
discussions that are going on around the world in fact where that I had great conversations 
today with the with the distributor in the US market, a large one. While we are working on the 
actual delivery containers, the take away market is also something that has been growing. 
On the on on the compostable disposable side. So we are developing our clamshells for both 
India and the US market. So between the delivery containers and the clamshells, we would 
have a full range of products. You have given the sizes on the on the right. And the left side of 
the delivery containers the. This is exciting stuff that's happening on the food services side. 
Activate. 
 
Ved Krishna   13:51 
 
Take over on international growth. Let's go ahead. Lots of updates here, and of course, as Satish 
said, very, very excited to have Doctor Sam Sohn join us. It be it's taken a long time. 
We've interviewed maybe between Satish, me and some of the board members. We've probably 
gone through over 20 very, very high-quality talents. Ultimately, we think we found a person 
and as Satish said, he's just joined in today and we are starting. In fact, he'll be in India. 
Beginning like later the next week, actually, and spending some time there, understanding and 
then of course working towards moving the lab to our Portland location. The other one is again, 
lots of progress on the project Kawok or Guatemala side full load engineering plan is underway, 
which is one. Of the concerns the investors had raised and we are now planning to conclude 
the full load by March. The US launch with Satish is leading and hopefully can put in more 
speed now that Sam is there for innovations is again strategy has been built and as he said, we 
are meeting distributors now appointing distributors here. You call many of these distributors, 
brokers. So, we are this month we are planning to appoint at least five who will represent us in 
different areas and of course. Different collaterals need to be need to be built in terms of ounces 
versus 
Liters 
etc. 
So those are things which are underway. The other concern that the investors had shown was 
on engineering and EPCM contracts. Here again, we are almost on the verge of closure. 
And again, it'll be done within this quarter. We'll have our EPCM contractor for the project, 
Carvak as well, and it's just the final choice that is being done now. Sft set flexi trials are 
underway in US. In fact, our first release tomorrow. So it's that fresh and we were going to 
convert it for customer who's asked for it and we are hoping that. Orders will start coming in 
post that conversion and we can start moving the product which is the earlier phase of material 
which is the metalised substrate. But then of course this month we are also planning to have a 
Page 4 of 30

lot of non metallized trials and hoping for. Working towards finalization in March so that we 
can start moving that material as well. The partner has been finalized as well for conversion. 
Again, like I said, with Sam joining Product Innovation Lab location has been finalized as 
Portland. We looked at some other locations across us and the team building has just kind of 
begun where we've started thinking about what is the areas we need people in and who all will 
be shipped from India and what is the new kind of people we'll need in the. 
US lab. This is the project Kawok timeline. As you see, the land purchase is complete. As in, 
we've paid the initial money this month. We pay the remaining amount and then we start 
building the government. The permissions have started. We've started getting a lot of 
quotations from different suppliers. Jagdeep me some of the team members are heading to 
Europe next week and we will be finalizing more or less our technology providers. The main 
technology providers, which is again flexible packaging and also for pulp lines. And then of 
course the idea is again that by the Max. By the beginning to middle of 27, we start. Production 
here. This is what the render looks like now. This looks not as big as it is. It is actually 60 
hectare, so 150 acres of area is what the site is. I think it has been designed really beautifully 
because the way we've designed it is that it is. It'll produce about 360 tons a day right now of 
flexible, but it has the capacity, a mirror capacity to produce another 360 tons. So the. Total 
possibility of production here is 720 tons a day. Which translates to almost 300,000 tons a year, 
which 
is 
decent 
capacity 
to 
make 
our 
dreams 
of 
a 
cleaner 
planet. 
More visible. Yep. Hand over to Rolando. 
 
Rolando Yon   18:33 
 
And good morning everyone. So in terms of key ratios, as you can see for 2425? We have 
decreased our ROA and ROC and this is mainly due to the fact of the preferential equity that 
we issued. Obviously, this has a dilution effect and therefore the ROE and the ROC come 
down. In terms of debt to equity, we are at 0.36, which is very good and below the the industry 
average, so pretty good. Results in terms of our key ratios. Next slide please. 
And I'll hand it over back to it. Thank you. 
 
Ved Krishna   19:21 
 
Alright, so the commitments we had made and where up now, so commitments that we had 
made was to build a distribution system in us again like I said, broker network is being built 
and distribution mechanism at least for molded fiber will be done within this quarter the deli. 
Solution like Satish said, there has been delays. We've gone through numerous trials and our 
team refuses to budget. Even I keep telling them that it's OK if it's a 510% problem. 
But Satish is smiling because. Even today, we had an discussion where he said Nope, not 
moving till it doesn't leak at all. So so at least I'm hoping that what we come out with will be 
like will be much better than what I had expected. And of course we talked about metallized 
flexi solution. Both are, like I said, does mean a product stabilization issue. And then of course, 
the idea is to now stabilize and launch along with. Our partner in us this quarter. 
The idea of the the the next commitment was the team build out and sales initialization. This 
is on. There is a little bit of a delay in distribution and sales mechanism, but I feel that we will 
catch up in the coming year. The organization structure was being made. Much stronger. It has 
already been put in place and then we have our annual planning this month and we will further 
strengthen. The structure and the incentivization we had committed that the Jagriti key ordering 
which is our India project will be completed. Risk mitigation strategy will be in place. Both are 
making strong progress and for the US, the idea is that quarter one which is April onwards, we 
will 
be 
on 
the 
road 
for 
raising 
the 
money 
for 
the 
Kawok 
project. 
So that's the update and the commitment to the investors. For next quarter over to you, Pranay. 
Page 5 of 30

 
Pranay Pasricha   21:22 
 
Thank you, Ved, and thank you Satish and Rolando. We'll now take questions and we'll try to. 
Answer As much of them as possible. I request you to please, you know, press the hand raise 
button on the on the teams window. You can also post your questions on chat and we'll try to 
respond there as well. So I'll just go. Please limit your questions to. A maximum of two so that 
all the investors get a chance to ask their questions. So the first hand is for voiced by Mr. Jeet 
Gala. So please go ahead with your question. Mr. Jeet, you can unmute and ask your question. 
 
Jeet Gala   22:16 
OK. Can you hear me now? 
 
Pranay Pasricha   22:18 
Yes, go ahead please. 
 
Jeet Gala   22:20 
 
Okay, I have two questions. One is what is the status for the Guatemala Project fund raise? 
So what we understand is there are a lot of things that are probably, holding back. So for 
example, one is the off take agreements. Second is you know other is mitigation points probably 
you know revolving around say having a flexible paper solution because we are still. Not, you 
know, we've not cracked the non-metallized version of the solution and that is what we are 
going to do. Ahead, right. So Metallize is not going to be done with. I mean all the capacities 
are going for. Are going to be the non-metallized ones. So what kind of reaction are we seeing 
from the investors on having a visibility on the solutions and even on the delivery container 
range, because that is also one, one part of the capacity that that is going to come up. So so 
with respect to that, I mean. What are the major hindrances that we are seeing, which is, you 
know, stopping or delaying the fundraise project and 2nd of course is around detailed 
engineering 
which 
also 
took 
a 
lot 
of 
time. 
So, 
I 
mean 
where? 
Where are we exactly? Stuck over there. So that's my first question. 
 
Ved Krishna   23:24 
 
OK. I'll take that one. So great Jeet as usual on top of your research. Yes. So there were five 
issues that the investors pointed out to us. This was back in Rolando. Was it November? 
December? Something like that. And we committed to them that we will conclude them in. 
Yeah, three to four months. So which is now and the five issues were the first was that our 
engineering was there, but it was still at a basic level. So they wanted much more what they 
call. Full load engineering. So the team actually sat down. When was it? Last month and 
basically with our engineers from China, the Guatemala team and the India team. And there is 
a clear road map now and by the end of this month, we'll have the full load engineering 
complete. The second concern was the quotations that we had. Were not from the final suppliers 
because we had said that the final suppliers are going to be some of these. 
Front kind of the leading European ones. Most of our quotations were Indian and Chinese, so 
they said they want because of course they don't want the project cost to go up in the middle of 
the project so. So again, like I said, we are now made significant progress. We also have 
quotations, but apart from that we are meeting. All the main suppliers next week actually, and 
and then then they will be invited to Guatemala at the end of March where we will start 
finalizing the Lois. So that was the 2nd concern. The third was that although we have 
experience of running similar companies, similar projects, we don't have it in Latin America 
and don't it in this size. So they wanted a very strong EPCM contractor. So we've now had four 
Page 6 of 30

kind of discussions. We've shortlisted 1 and that's a very, very competent EPCM partner that 
we will finalize within this month. The fifth was that all our patents were actually India 
company. Oriented so they wanted that they should be part of us because that will be the 
company they'll be investing in, which we also felt was a good idea because it's a stronger. 
Jurisdiction. So we've started moving those to us. That the 5th was exactly what you said in 
terms of off take commitments. We did have off take commitments, but they were promissory 
letters. They wanted to convert it to contracts so that work has now begun and we've drafted a 
contract. We are now talking to various people and you're absolutely right the non metallized 
substrate is not perfected as yet. So so those trials do need to take place. 
So we are still hoping that we will end up doing some trials in March based on which we can 
start getting some initial interest in offtake. That said, even if the off take is not complete, we 
will hit. Ode show by April and the idea is to at least start pushing the investors and try to get 
hopefully the right valuations as well. As far as the delivery goes. Just a correction, we went 
through a lot of financial exercise and now the Guatemala project is entirely flexible. It's not 
delivery at all. No molded fiber at all in Guatemala. So it's going to be 360 tons of flexible 
packaging, that's it, single line. It the returns are way better when it comes to a single line and 
more efficiencies etc. So I hope that answers. 
 
Jeet Gala   26:53 
 
Understood. Thank you, Sir. And so my second question is again on the flexible side. 
So while we're saying even in India, we'll be probably, you know, doing a commercial volumes 
on the metalised M3 version of the paper. But eventually like you said in the earlier calls that 
you know doing metallization involves polyethylene and doing it at scale also it's not Poss. Of 
course then then this is all about, you know, building relationships right until you eventually 
find a solution in a in kind of a grade of a paper solution that you eventually find out. But what? 
What is the? I mean probability of putting up a capacity or it's 100%? 
I mean zero. I mean, you're putting up a metalized capacities, not a possibility. Is that so? 
 
Ved Krishna   27:36 
 
No, you can always put up a metalized facility. That's not a challenge. There are a few 
complications that could happen. Number one, there are two types of metallizations that you 
can do. The first is transfer materialization, which is fundamentally what you gathered from 
the last call where you take a metal kind of aluminum kind of on a polyethylene roll. You stick 
it together with the paper. So that's called transfer. The other is deposit metallization which has 
happens on PE Kind of material like you see in the potato chips and stuff. That's actually a 
spray metallization and you call it vacuum materialization or deposit metallization. That is not 
possible on paper because paper is fundamentally hills and valleys. 
 
Reuben   28:18 
You're listening. 
 
Ved Krishna   28:22 
So, so you know, so Sachin, you may have to mute someone who's unmuted. 
 
Reuben   28:22 
Obsessively. Any advice? You want me to? 
 
Ved Krishna   28:27 
 
You might have to see that list so So basically that is that is. Well, I wouldn't say it's not 
Page 7 of 30

possible. It's not great. We've tried both. What happens in that methodology is that you don't 
get the kind of barrier that you want. Plus, it's a batch process, so the only way it works is 30 
tons of batches. So you have to have multiple. Metallisers so yes, it is in theory it is possible, 
but and the second side of it. So one is OK. Let's consider it's possible. The challenge is that 
we want all our products to be home compostable and recyclable in the paper stream. It'll 
remain home compostable if you make it. Metallization because metal demineralizes. But when 
you come to recyclability, if it's put into a paper stream, if it's put in lower volumes, you won't 
even notice it. But you can imagine at a higher volume there will be some shiny substances that 
will come on the recycled paper. So we don't want that. So. So that's the other reason why we 
have to have non met. Now when you come to non metallized the second part of your question. 
The important thing is that we want to do it at scale. That's a big thing. 
You know, we want to really devote ourselves to building scale. So in non metallized we can 
do dispersion coating which is a water based solution and you can do it at a like you know 
we're talking about a six meter machine 6m wide machine in Guatemala running at 800 to 900 
meters a minute and we can. Do it dispersion coating online. So Guatemala machine, we are 
talking about online coding. Not Even so it won't even be a paper. And then. Then quoting it'll 
be one line. And that's only possible and you immediately save 6 to 7% material, right? 
Because if you're going to, if you're going to transfer it twice, then there is a six to seven percent 
loss, which is a huge loss when you look at the life cycle. So. So that's the only way. 
Now you're concerned. There are numerous levels of barrier, right? It's not just one that I can 
do potato chips and it needs .5 wvtr and under two OTR or oxygen transmission rate and water 
vapor transmission rate. There is numerous applications that we have and we have a whole grid 
now. Certain applications like Tea for example, Satish, what is it, 20 OTR and 10W VTR. 
 
Satish ChamyVelumani   30:48 
No, the 20 is what we achieved and we gave it to. 
 
Ved Krishna   30:52 
Yeah. 
 
Satish ChamyVelumani   30:53 
I mean, they said 100 to 120 is even acceptable for team. 
 
Ved Krishna   30:55 
 
No problem. Yeah. So there are different applications. So if you look at the teabag, it goes for 
100 OTR instead of under one. So like that, there's hard boiled candy. There's granola, there is. 
The sugar sachets etc.. So we are now bracketed those, yeah, spices. 
 
Satish ChamyVelumani   31:15 
Spices, yeah. 
 
Ved Krishna   31:17 
So there are numerous applications which we'll be able to tackle. The only part now is that 
how do we make sure that it is lowest amount of code weight? And the lowest amount of 
cost. So that's what we are kind of working on and that's why a little bit more time. 
 
Jeet Gala   31:37 
Under the thank you for the detailed answer, I have few more questions. I'll come back in the 
queue. Thank you. 
Page 8 of 30

 
Pranay Pasricha   31:42 
Thank you, Mr. Paras. You can unmute and go ahead with your question. 
 
Paras Chheda   31:50 
 
Yeah. Thank you for this opportunity. Just wanted to understand what kind of valuation are 
you looking for? The Guatemala project in April, you know that invested that fund raise that 
you're targeting? So that's one. Secondly, I wanted to understand what is your strategy going 
forward with a molded products. You know that has now again switched back to loss. That's a 
bit of a concern, you know, I mean, the higher you grow and you know if the losses increase, 
it just eats out from the you know frontline business. And just last one thing is, if I understand 
correctly, project Jagruti will be completed by the end of this calendar year or commissioned, 
yeah. Is that understanding correct? 
 
Ved Krishna   32:33 
 
I'll answer the second two and hand it over to Rolando for the free money valuation expectation. 
Rolando, but yes, the last question, the idea is we are definitely planning to Commission Jagriti 
within this calendar year. The molded fiber absolutely of bang on very  deep concern for us. 
We are looking at numerous ideas and options. Two parts to the challenge. The number one 
remains. A huge issue which you are all aware of is our choice of technology, which has always 
been 
troublesome 
right 
from 
the 
beginning. 
We've struggled with it. We've got it from 30% capacity utilization to 55, but that's not good 
enough, so. So, we are kind of stuck at 55 percent, 55 to 60% capacity utilization, really not 
great. So, so now we are kind of in the middle of thinking how do we do this. So there are some 
machines that work at over 80. There are some machines that work at say 50, so average is out 
to 
5560 
because 
the 
bigger 
machines 
are 
working 
at 
a 
lower 
capacity. 
So that's a technology selection mistake, which mostly I'm responsible for, but we are trying to 
now see how we can bite the bullet and alter the technology. So then what happens is that we 
become by default the lowest cost producer in the world. So that's, that's the one target that we 
have. 
The 
second 
is 
how 
do 
you 
create 
deeper 
value 
for the 
customer? 
So that's a debate that we are having internally. The initial idea was to focus on larger scale 
QSRs and. Institutional catering. But we are now actually even thinking, and maybe you guys 
can guide us also one of the debates that is happening internally is that do we go more B to C 
where we start doing more like the we're already doing a decent we didn't expect now it's gone. 
To over 20% of our revenues coming from. On the ziptos and the blankets of the world. 
So , you know, do we do more that side? You know, start setting more because the profitability 
and the margins are definitely better there because obviously as soon as you have a bigger 
customer, there's there is always more suppliers et cetera, et cetera. So both ends we want to 
tackle. Well, we are meeting at the end of the month. The team has been kind of exploring 
numerous options. There will be. They will have to be a strategy shift for sure. 
On the food services side, so. So that's for sure. We are of course we remain hell bent on 
succeeding. So that's something that we will keep striving towards. But that said, you're totally 
on the mark. We felt that we are out of the water. But we've again gotten gone into the deep 
end. This is a challenge for us and the team is again really working hard to get us out again. 
Rolando, over to you. 
 
Rolando Yon   35:30 
 
Thank you, Ved. Yeah. The first question had to do with the amount of equity raise for the 
project in Guatemala. So the original size of the project. Is $380 million out of which $180 
Page 9 of 30

million is equity and $200 million is that now out of the $180 million, Back limited has already 
committed $10 million, so we were. We ideally we're looking for outside investments of 
outside equity investments, sorry, of $170 million. Now, as wet mentioned, we have changed 
a little bit the scope of the project. We are focusing now 100% on flexible. The original project 
had 80%, flexible, 20% molded. So given this change and given the fine tuning we're giving to 
the engineering. That number may change a little bit. So it's gonna be anywhere between 1:40 
one $70 million. Still not finalized, depending on the final cost of the project. 
 
Paras Chheda   36:39 
Yes, thank you. 
 
Rolando Yon   36:39 
Thank you. 
 
Ved Krishna   36:39 
 
Sorry Rolando, the question was more around the valuation. So the pre money valuation is 
about 500 million, right? And so we are expecting a dilution of 30 to 40% is it, right, Rolando? 
 
Rolando Yon   36:51 
Sorry. Yeah, I'm yeah, that's correct. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   36:56 
Thank you Ms. Manali. You can go ahead with your question. 
 
Manali Gala   37:05 
 
Hi. So just a follow up with what Paras said. I mean, while we are looking at a dilution of 30 
to 40%, but considering the current market scenarios, you know how things have developed or 
is it really possible to raise that kind of money at 30 to 40% dilution? Or we, I mean, we may 
have to. 
 
Rolando Yon   37:12 
(audio not clear) 
 
Manali Gala   37:25 
 
Progress ahead with the figures because. Things have changed completely. I mean, so that's 
one question. 2nd is why we are looking at. You know we are seeing this food delivery concerns 
there. Now this is ramping up since a very, very, very long time now. So I mean now also even 
with a strategic change or something, would that still be able to? We will be able to pull it off. 
Considering you know, I mean like now we were having the delivery containers which were 
water resistant, which we have. We were speaking about that in the last phone call, but nothing 
on the same lines has come. You know we were expecting it to come here, but possibly that. 
Taking a little more time and we may be moving you know ahead but you know having with 
so many things going around, what is the possibility of the real possibility when we see that 
you know to move out from that Range or you know metallized will perform first or. 
You 
know, 
how 
is 
it? 
I mean, I just wanna understand. 
 
Ved Krishna   38:26 
 
No great questions as always. Yeah, you change of scenario and every day you know the world 
Page 10 of 30

is kind of shaking. There's definite. So there are two, one kind of -1 positive. 
So in terms of sustainability, it's taken a backseat for sure, especially in the US market. Of 
course, the other markets still remain important. 
 
Manali Gala   38:47 
Right. 
 
Ved Krishna   38:50 
 
Now it's like, yeah, even we don't need, we don't need paper straws and all those kind of 
statements are coming out. Which is obviously a point of concern. But the second side, Manali 
is very interesting. Economics is point. Lot of investors are very, very interested in investing, 
certainly on the US side. So the only way we'll get to know is to hit the road. 
So actually we don't know. And of course it depends on what is the kind of interest we are able 
to 
generate. 
At 
least 
our 
bankers 
are. 
Nomura 
are 
not. 
Concerned 
yet? 
They say that you know it's a good project. It doesn't matter what government, what policies, 
etc. Once the risk has been mitigated the fact five factors we said they feel that it is still doable. 
That said, again, first rodeo for us also. So let's go out into the market. 
Let's see what they say. What we are clear about is that it's a great project, something. 
Something has led us here. So that that kind of. Universes collaboration will keep happening. 
And we'll be guided one way or the other. So it won't go futile that we are very sure and that's 
also taking us like I said in the beginning, Jagdeep has just landed in Columbia and joining him 
day after there, there is a partnership opportunity there trying to make products there, supply 
to the other markets. While we do our own Guatemala project, etc. So lots of things in the air. 
We remain focused on our agenda of, you know, building these products. 
We do have a pivot, a little bit and we are looking at Europe as well now. Earlier, we were not 
at all looking at Europe and let's see if that's the case. We'll start supplying in Europe and that's 
again another thing we are doing in May, again doing a lot of meetings in Europe within May 
as well. The second, again like, like you said, it is a challenge. So there are two ways like I said 
to paras, there are two ways we are tackling it become the lowest cost producers in the world. 
So one is cost competence. 2nd is of course, you know, we've always had a strong inkling 
towards design, but there is a delay definitely I would say a shortcoming at our end that we 
were 
hoping 
in 
fact 
to 
launch 
the 
delivery 
containers. 
I would say two quarters back, not even last quarter. But it has taken a hit. I would not. 
There is no excuse. In the end, it is our responsibility and we did expect to launch. 
There has been a gap. There has been a gap in the team, there has been a gap in the execution 
of the project. It's not. It's not rocket science. End of the day. So we should have been able to 
crack it. We haven't given up on it yet. If you're asking me that we haven't given up on food 
services because we know we can be the lowest cost producers and the highest quality 
producers, we just have to up our game. So, so not there yet where we say that we are giving 
up on food services because it's tracking us down this month. Later, the team is going to. 
Provide us their strategic direction because we've also said that there is no use dabbling in a 
business which is going to generate. 60 crores of revenue and two crores of profit or no profit, 
that's obvious. So we have said that we have to have a significant market share. 
Within the disposables market, so the target is at least 20% of the total disposable market, not 
molded fiber disposables market. How do we March towards that is something that we are kind 
of exploring with the team. And, and let's hope that they will come out with a good strategy 
and we'll be able to update you in the next quarter. Rolando, do you want to add anything on 
to the first part? 
 
Rolando Yon   42:43 
Page 11 of 30

 
Well, I think that's a wonderful question. Wonderful question. Yeah, that that dilution comes 
out of a financial exercise, right. And that's still up for negotiation. However, I do think that 
the fact remains that we are bringing in all the know how. And we have taken most of the risk, 
right. Coming into Guatemala, signing the MOUs for the. Raw material supply. Invest in the 
1st $10 million, etc. So you know, we believe that these arguments in addition to what VET 
has mentioned gives us very strong argument. To maintain that dilution, I do think, however, 
especially with the first investors, there may be some negotiation, and it may come down a 
little bit. But I think you comfortable. We're in a pretty good position. When that the negotiation 
comes up, so I don't think that number that the illusion number is gonna move a lot. Thank you. 
 
Manali Gala   43:53 
 
OK. So just I mean with like you said, cost of production is something that you know working 
on but you know now it's been a very long time that we're working on this. 
Now it's back if we consider bagas is like, that's a cheap raw material. You have power in your 
hand. So when these two major things are with you, I mean, in spite of this, we are still, you 
know, struggling with cost of production, so. Now I mean, what major change would you bring 
in, which would actually lower it? Because like now you said that there are 50 new players that 
have come in. You know this XYZ. So one is that that however, I mean what kind of strategic 
change is gonna come because we already have to very good strong points in our hand. 
Secondly, it is more also about that how much really is the lifeline of this? I mean, how much 
are we really ready to still give it and what would be the point, you know that think no. Now 
this is the stop and you know this is it like. There's no more, you know, this is how we're gonna 
go about it. That. This is the stop here. Beyond this, there's nothing possible. 
 
Ved Krishna   45:00 
 
So singular issue. You're totally right. We are the lowest cost bulb producer globally. We have 
our power cost to be, I would say one of the lowest, if not the lowest. And those are the main 
inputs apart from some chemicals. So those are the three big inputs. So what? 
What the other companies do is save on chemicals. That's by lowering the quality. So. So that's 
fundamentally it. So the only singular challenge has been machine efficiency. And that really 
brings us down because our fixed cost is high. We have a very, very much stronger, much 
heavier management setup. Team . Branding, marketing. All those costs are way higher than 
everybody 
else. 
So 
we 
are 
looking 
at 
those 
fixed 
costs. 
The biggest one is, of course, machine evidence. You can't. You can't expect to make huge 
money with 5055% capacity utilization and that's the one mistake which we have to amend. 
 
Manali Gala   45:55 
Right. 
 
Ved Krishna   45:58 
 
So yes, there may be. If we are convinced about the team strategy, then we might. Bite a bitter 
bullet one more time where we may say that we'll take a write off. On the current machines and 
invest in new machines. That is a possibility. Now how will we do it? 
Etc. How will we fund it? It'll probably be a European machine will take a supplier's credit, 
etc. So again, that's again something that we will decide later this month. Happy to, you know, 
inform you guys even like doesn't have to wait for the next investors call. We can take these 
out and inform you on the decision. We are definitely hopeful that the team will come out with 
something strong. I totally agree with you if it's going to be just, you know, just like little bit 
here little bit there that doesn't make sense. Ultimately, the projections have to become better 
Page 12 of 30

than our wrap and carry. Simple as that. If you're going to say that you're going to do so much 
work and so much effort and generate lesser revenue and lesser profitability than the basic wrap 
and carry segment. Then it's not worth it. So that we are clear about and that's something that's 
been communicated very well. But in the end, you know, like we can't. It's our team, so we 
can't we take the responsibility. We can't blame anyone else. We choose the team. We choose 
the team, players, we, we generate the enthusiasm with within them. So, so you know. So that 
said, 
we 
will 
definitely. 
Try 
to 
turn 
things 
around. 
Still not given up yet is what I would say. When will we give up? That's $1,000,000 question. 
Well, of course we won't take the company down. So. of course at this stage where we feel 
there is nothing coming, we will give up but. Hopefully that day won't come. 
 
Manali Gala   47:46 
OK. Thank you. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   47:48 
 
Thank you, Mr. Vignesh. You can go ahead with your question. Oh, Mr. Vignesh, you can 
unmute and ask your question. 
 
Vignesh Iyer, sequent Investments   48:04 
Hello. Am I audible now? 
 
Pranay Pasricha   48:06 
Yes, please go ahead. 
 
Vignesh Iyer, sequent Investments   48:07 
 
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So my question is on our ongoing which was expected 
to, you know complete by end of March, but due during due to the ongoing, I mean CAMELA 
would there would be a delay of a month or so on the project? 
 
Ved Krishna   48:29 
 
To be completed by the end of this year, we will complete it by the end of this year. 
It's still the still the same. Yes, Kumbhmela has we had a. We had a more aggressive target 
internally. That's kind of been a little bit dashed, but that said, you know, we have a crazy team. 
They are still running around in vehicles 2:00 AM trying to get cement in and metal in and all 
that sort of thing. So Gautam is smiling because he's been fighting day in day out to find ways 
to get trucks inside the factory, et cetera. So we. We are trying our best, but that said yes about 
month has been what would you say Gautam about a month of compromise? 
 
Vignesh Iyer, sequent Investments   49:09 
 
Got it. Got it. Yeah. So basically your aggressive target has been normalized is what I would 
say, right? So yeah, my second question is on the geopolitical scenario. I mean, with such a 
huge capex coming up, right? So. You know a company like McDonald's. Who is eyeing 2030 
for? You know 36 or 40% lower emission. I mean and that is targeted using you know more 
eco-friendly ways. So what is the change in political environment going to impact the target 
that is been set by such MNCs right to reach a goal of more? A greener no way of operating 
and in case of any slowdown on such target of reaching by 2030. What would be our 
competency to match? You know our cost or our realization for that matter? With products 
which are, you know, not like environmental friendly, but very quite cheaper available. So 
what is our way to tackle this? 
Page 13 of 30

 
 
Ved Krishna   50:24 
 
To liken everything else, there is a plethora of companies. There has been a lot of sliding. Of 
targets that people had set. You know we have Coca-Cola that had said 28. Now it's moved to 
2030. There is. There is various others, so, so. So, we are seeing that change. But what we also 
see is that there is a desire for change for multiple reasons. One is, of course, the government 
regulation. That's one part of it. But there is also customer awareness. Gen. 
Z is a different breed. And then we find that there is a clear understanding in the companies 
that it does give them stronger brand value. If they use more sustainable solutions now, 
ultimately we as a company feel that. You know, there is no reason to think that sustainable 
products are going to be poorer in performance and more expensive in cost. 
I think that's a misnomer. We need to defy that. So. So ultimately the idea will be how do we 
perform better at a lower cost. So that's something we discuss day in, day out and explore. 
So I think this whole idea that's the starting point needs to be that of it's sustainable. You will 
have to pay more and expect less.  
We feel that that's that in itself is AI would say a wrong place to start. 
So we continue to speak to various companies and we again see various companies who are 
totally focused on what the government says. There are companies who are self. 
Kind of enthusiastic, but the big challenge for companies remains also availability of material 
at 
scale. 
So that's something that they cannot compromise with. Like I said before, in one of the calls, 
like if you think about a company like Unilever, they need 16,000 tons just to for the small 
shampoo sachet. Now, who's the company that is going to provide 16,000 tons becomes a 
challenge.1st is of course quality of material and then how are we going to provide? 
So both those things need to be addressed and we purely look at it as an economic play. We 
have to provide better products at a better price and the right price, I would say not a better 
price. So that's something that we continue to look at and we will try and match the current 
substrates in terms of both. 
 
Vignesh Iyer, sequent Investments   52:45 
OK. Got it. Got it, Sir. That's all from my side and. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   52:47 
Thank you, Vignesh. Thank you, Mr. Hiren. You can go ahead and ask your question. 
 
Hiren Patel   52:55 
 
Yeah. Hi, good morning. So I already understand that obviously management is also concerned 
about the molded product business and already other investors have already asked. 
But my question is mainly on regarding see Pakka being given pioneers. So we understand that 
obviously whenever any companies are pioneering any product. Company faces lot lots of cost 
in developing the market, training the market and having a lots of the going through various 
trials. And whenever new entrant comes, he can leverage this particular learning of the Pioneer 
Company and may not have to that much the cost of the developing or training the market and 
maybe based on the whatever mistakes like you rightly said that maybe because of the 
technology selection or. Machine efficiency. They may be able to now, who are the companies 
new entrant? They may be able to. They don't have to face this particular cost and maybe able 
to help more competitive. Product set lower cost. So because podcast main now valuation and 
all the future strategies on the type of this, all those new product and services which are not 
available 
in 
the 
marketed 
right 
now, 
including 
the 
flexible 
packaging. 
Page 14 of 30

So do you foresee this type of continuity in the other product also like mainly on the flexible 
packaging for which the main strategy of the Pakka? For the coming. Near a 4C future, so that 
may be also case that at present there are not, so not a lot of company who has a similar product, 
but when it will take some time one or two years for Pak also to be launched this product in the 
market. And in next few. Years or times, obviously new entrance would come based on the 
technology or whatever has been developed by PAKKA. So what will be the unique? USP of 
the Pakka. To ensure that being a pioneer will also help you to gain the market share and Bingle 
low cost because this is the product which doesn't have that much product differentiation. 
People 
are 
obviously, 
as 
you 
rightly 
said, 
that 
it 
would 
be 
the 
cost. 
Competitiveness would only drive the market if it is the similar quality of the product. 
So what would be the main USP where PAKKA would ensure that this particular? 
Thing would not happen for in the future for this new product. 
 
Ved Krishna   55:28 
 
Few parts. Great question again. But the good thing in life is that whatever happens to us is our 
responsibility. So we cannot blame markets. We cannot blame others. You know, nobody stops 
us from innovating. Nobody stops us from cost improving our cost. Nobody stops us from 
moving ahead. So there is nobody else to blame in life. So that's very strongly in our ethos. So 
yes, it's a good thing that others are copying us, then US copying others. 
So we'll definitely prefer that than the other way round. So we would rather keep charging 
ahead and innovating and creating better products. The 2nd and the bigger part and this may 
sound a little utopian to be investors because you're coming from a financial discipline. But 
fundamentally, why do we exist as back up? We exist because we want to leave the earth 
cleaner, so that's the big goal, right? The business is to support that goal. The end of the day 
we would love it if more and more people come right. If we were to create something and more 
people came, that means that goal is being supported. Right. The more the people are, the more 
the material is, the more the innovation is, the more the push is for us to accept the right. So, 
so, so we do have things like design patents, but we haven't yet taken anyone to court. There's 
enough copying of design that is happening, but we say you know, OK, there's a lot of other 
ways to do this better. We can have better customer service. We can have a better consistency 
of product. We can have, you know, numerous things within that to be able to accept. Similarly, 
in flexible packaging for sure. There will be chemistries that will happen. There will be 
structures 
that 
will 
be 
copied. 
It 
again 
depends 
on 
how 
good 
we 
are. 
I'll be able to do our job well. Are we able to fulfill the promise we are making to the customer? 
Are we adding value to the customer if we are not adding value to the customer? 
Then we don't have rights to exist right in the end. You know, if we are just doing that because 
of protectionism, I would say that will be harmed at some point or the other that would, that 
would 
be 
challenged 
at 
some 
point 
or 
the 
other. 
So 
I 
would. 
Say the key for us is to build a strong innovation engine to build a lot of strength in our cost 
excellence to build much stronger customer connect and relationships and consistency, which 
is what we've done over the last 40 some years. In pulp and paper today also you know in there 
are grades of paper. We are probably the most expensive. But the customer doesn't switch 
because they know the kind of service they're going to get. The kind of consistency they're 
going to get. So we have to build the same engine. So the good thing is, you know we are the 
only ones to blame. We can't blame anyone else. We do have like like what Manali was saying 
earlier we do have pulp. We do have power. So if we can build more excellence in our 
operations and our customer service, we will succeed. So. So I would say more people come 
the better it is overall. 
 
Hiren Patel   58:21 
Page 15 of 30

 
Thank you. And the second question is related to this already discussed .13 now us, the 
government being change and obviously their focus is on the more pro oil Trump being a more 
pro oil and that and it may divert some capital. But obviously as you said that. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   58:22 
Thank you. 
 
Hiren Patel   58:40 
 
Ultimately, it will be the consumer who may push the market. But if considering that U.S. 
market doesn't show. That much demand in at least near four or five years of the timeline. And 
as you said that you are also targeting European market, but how much would be the 
transportation cost or whether it would be the negligible part because this product obviously is 
volumetric product and doesn’t? Have that much in one container. Obviously the cost of the 
product would not be that much, so transportation cost would be more so, but even if. 
You are exporting from the Guatemala to European market, would you? We still able to 
compete on the cost part. 
 
Ved Krishna   59:25 
 
Let's look at the two businesses we are pushing. The first is the food services, which is where 
your point comes in of volume metric. So that's pretty well established in us and us is not the 
only market that's decent market in the Latin America region as well. The the other good thing 
is that you know China already has a 35% duty. Colombia or Guatemala, at least, doesn't. 
Maybe Mexico does already, but even Mexico and Canada don't yet. So let's see what happens 
there. There is a lot of geopolitical drift that is happening. But again, as businesses, we have to 
see what we can do. So. So of course, as far as the project Kawok or the Guatemala project 
goes, we're not going to build a molded fiber facility, but are we going to supply food services 
or molded fiber? Yes, but we are doing it through an outsourced model there. So. So it's a little 
less risky, little less capital intensive as far as the flexi goes, it's a pretty. Strong product 
transport because you do fit 26 tons in a 40 foot container. So so it's similar to deals of paper 
because it's strongly bound so  that we'll be able to ship, but I still hope we won't be shipping 
to Europe. You know there is enough possibilities in Latin America. There will hopefully be 
conscious companies in North America just so that you know there is a conglomerate of 
companies that is just in the, I don't know if you've received it yet, Satish may know, but they've 
committed 220,000 tons. Of material from us if it meets the specs that they want, it's a 
conglomerate. It's multiple companies coming together and the one umbrella. So they've said 
we are. We want to take even this is after the election. Yeah, not before the election. So they 
said we are. We are hell bent that we want your products to succeed because trying to also save 
old growth forests. It's not just petroleum, so it's also to do   with, you know, not wood based, 
but 
you 
know. 
Renewable 
fiber 
based. 
So 
they 
are. 
They are. We're gonna produce 140,000 at the peak. And they are already saying we will make 
sure that you sell 120,000 and that's in written form, right? But not a contract, but at least a 
promise read letter. So there are good things and there are challenges and only time will tell 
what happens. The  key again remains the same questions are we? Is our performance as good 
or 
better 
than 
the 
current 
substrate? 
Is 
our 
price 
or 
cost 
competitive? 
Are we adding value to the customer? So those are the three basics of business according to 
me. And if we are taking all those boxes, it doesn't really matter what the other side is. 
Guatemala gets a slap of 25% duty, which is higher than the others. Then we'll find another 
way. But we feel that you know those three, if we are ticking off, we should be OK. 
Page 16 of 30

 
Hiren 
Patel 
 
 
1:02:21 
Thank you. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   1:02:21 
Thank you. Miss Priyanka, you can go ahead and ask your question. You are unmute. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:02:36 
1st to unmute. Yeah, OK, OK. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   1:02:37 
Yeah, now you are audible. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:02:41 
Great. Hi. Hi everybody. 
So first of all, congratulations on your new hiring of the I I think he's titled as Head of Inno. 
No, not head of innovations, but I think head of products is it so great that we have another 
head over there products and innovation. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:02:53 
Products and innovation. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:02:57 
 
So is it safe to assume that the research will now move to Portland and or will have two centers 
of research, one in India and 1:00 in? Portland. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:03:07 
 
So the main center the. So we are dividing it into two. The Product Innovation Lab and the 
process innovations. So the main innovations will be in Portland and there are four areas of 
products that we work on, two or three of them. You are very aware of and 4th is something 
that we have been quietly working on, but it'll become noisy in some time. So the. First one is 
flexibles. The second one is wrap and carry, which is our traditional, but we also work on other 
materials. Apart from. Cellulosis then it is the food services which you are aware of the molded 
fiber. But we also work with your friends on say forming PLA and stuff like that. So then then 
there is the 4th area is rigids which is your cupboard. Kind of ready to eat meals, frozen meals? 
So those are the four big areas which will be important. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:04:00 
OK. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:04:03 
 
That's kind of decided. We feel that even if it costs five times. We need to have the right talent. 
Talent is everything. Their talent, collaboration, talent, collaboration. So we're biting the bullet 
there. We've kind of decided we're not going to move away from there. There are also four 
process areas that we tackle. The first is base material research. Of course, we know that the 
world doesn't start and end with bagasse, so we work on soil. We work on hemp. 
We work on con. We work on whey protein etc. Anything that we can find beyond 100,000 
tons of material post industrial waste? So those are the two categories that we kind of base 
ourselves on. The second is green chemistry, so you know utilizing water as a solvent rather 
than. A chemical that we use today. Enzymes and things like that. So that's the second area. 
Page 17 of 30

The third area is waste valorization. So how do we add more value to cash and carbonate to 
rises? Cache to bug *** bit? Because they are all great materials. And then what can we create 
from them? For example, we are also the largest producers from our sludge in our area, so. So 
those are things that have come out of that discipline and the 4th is ultimately to reduce the 
ecological. Ecological. Weight that we put on the. Climate on the on the planet and our aim is 
ultimately things like how do you become carbon neutral? How do you become carbon positive, 
and you know, so that's the four. So, the four process ones are going to be more oriented 
towards the plant. So. So in India as well as in Guatemala, but they will have a Direct Line to 
Portland 
to 
San 
and 
a 
dotted 
line 
to 
India. 
Operations 
head. 
So that's the way we are structuring it for now. But again, these are evolutions and then they 
will happen. But these are the 8 broad areas we do research in. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:05:59 
 
Sure, sure. Thank you. The other question I wanted to understand was you said that there are 
about 50-60 more competitors in the molded product space. Are you limiting these numbers 
only to the bagasse space molded products, or you're thinking about the others as well? 
And are they centralized in up because of comb? They have, you know, suddenly come up or 
these are, you know, located pan India. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:06:23 
The first sorry lightning in my utopian side, but I'll call them collaborators, then competitors. 
So 50 to 60 collaborators who have come into the bagas side. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:06:29 
OK. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:06:34 
 
And it could be bagasse. It could be fiber. So. So I they may be using word or they may be ITC 
is coming in and they'll mostly have word. So you know, so, so some kind of renewable fiber, 
I would say. And they have been cropping up for a while, I think. As as somebody was saying 
before, you know, like when they've seen Pakka. The noise we've made, not the profits we've 
made, 
the 
noise 
we've 
made. 
They've 
kind 
of 
entered 
the 
fray. 
The good thing is Priyanka that we do set bulk to them. So our pulse sales still makes money 
even if our molded fiber doesn't. So you know, so that's the idea. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:07:11 
Yeah. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:07:14 
 
We've cropped up all over and I'm amazed that they've cropped up without any. Tie up for 
raw material or anything else. So so yeah. So they are all over ups, but not majorly in up there 
pretty much. I don't know. Satish may know what the distribution is, Satish, but, but yeah. 
But it's not just up, right? 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:07:36 
So at any stage we are not sorry. 
 
Satish ChamyVelumani   1:07:37 
No, it's quite a bit. 
Page 18 of 30

 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:07:40 
Yeah, you were saying, Satish. 
 
Satish ChamyVelumani   1:07:40 
Then I was just gonna take, you know, quite a bit on the. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:07:42 
 
So at any stage we are not envisaging any dearth of raw material because of these competitors, 
right? 
 
Ved Krishna   1:07:50 
 
So the collaborators are basically buying bulk from us, so none. Apart from ITC, SETI are tied 
in between, but they shut down the molded fiber site. Apart from ITC, none of them produce 
Pak the bulk they will have to buy, whether from us or there is some paper players who are 
giving Palmid interim. Then he does century. Does they are importing from Thailand? But. 
They could have depth depends on if we are selling or not. So we'll of course stop selling once 
our flexible packaging operations are up. We won't have any bulk to sell. So. So we do have 
we if we do sell then it'll be to our outsourcing partners only. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:08:29 
Sure. Right. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:08:35 
So we have about four partners right now. So those are the partners we continue to support, 
but otherwise we won't have bulk to sell. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:08:42 
 
Sure. So my other question is with respect to the metallized flexible packaging that we were 
talking about. Are there any trials still going on in India for metalized packaging or we are 
totally going to move towards non metallized in India as well? 
 
Ved Krishna   1:08:56 
Satish. 
 
Satish ChamyVelumani   1:08:59 
 
There are plenty of interest that is coming about Priyanka. We continue to work with Brawny 
Bear. That is also another chocolate company. You know it's they continue to stay interested. 
There are plenty of opportunities that are definitely knocking on our doors, but we are metering 
them out. Definitely there is a lot of focus that we have to give to nonmetallized, so I'm making 
sure that the R&D team is so focused on at least because. That's what we need to make. And 
we are and commercially we are addressing what we can. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:09:37 
 
 
OK. So we hope to hear good news from you on the non-metallized and metalized part. Also 
soon and with respect to the US market, of course most of my questions have been answered 
and they were asked by other people. But just trying to understand do you see? 
Any change in the expectations of US based companies on their sustainability targets or do you 
get an inkling that probably they would end up not wanting to spend too much on sustainability 
Page 19 of 30

efforts 
now? 
And 
in 
that 
respect, 
would 
we 
want 
to 
sort 
of 
consider? 
To the project costs based on maybe what kind of money we can make now that the entire thing 
seems to have changed. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:10:16 
 
I would say early days still and I see a spectrum of companies and the conversations we are 
having there for sure. You're right. Like there is, there is enough companies were saying that, 
OK, you know we don't have to. This is not high priority anymore. They don't see it as I, at 
least I haven't heard from anybody overt where they say that we are not interested. They say 
that it's not a priority right now and we would rather do other things. It's, as Trump says, drill 
baby drill. So you know, so there, if you drill baby drill. Going to be other polymers that will 
come out as well. So that's understood. But like I said, in the end we are not there to replace 
petroleum or plastics. I think that's a low bar according to me. It's. If as humans we feel that 
we want to replace plastics, we are setting a very low bar. We want to create better materials. 
That's a very different thing, right? And when you want to create better materials, you want to 
create 
better 
performance 
and 
better 
value 
creation. 
And I'm not saying better price, but value creation. So one way or the other, we need to think 
about that and then be adamant on that because units only 7080 years back, somebody created 
a 
styrene 
or 
a 
althea, 
you 
know, 
so 
it 
was 
gas, 
right? 
They just captured it and created athlete so if it was created 7080 years back. Personally, I don't 
see any reason apart from our own inhibitions why we cannot create something that is. 
Better and more value added. So I would not yet worry about it too much. Maybe by the next 
quarter I might be sounding more worried, but we'll wait for another quarter for that. 
 
Priyanka Dhingra-SBIMF   1:11:57 
Sure, sure. Thank you. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   1:11:58 
Thank. Priyanka. OK, Captain Vishal, you can go ahead with your question. 
 
Capt. Vishal Sharma    1:12:08 
Yeah. Hi, good morning. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   1:12:10 
Yeah, company. 
 
Capt. Vishal Sharma    1:12:13 
 
Yeah. My first question is, in 2024 during the year. You mentioned that you were in a very 
confident of 20% plus margins. So on the same lines, can you please provide guidance for your 
revenues a bit on margins you expect for 26 and 27? 
 
Ved Krishna   1:12:36 
 
My board is already very unhappy with me and. These forward-looking statements I'm going 
to avoid that. What I can assure you is that we will continue to work the way we have been. 
Working and we will try and make sure that we do our utmost to to, to maintain what we've 
been doing so far. 
 
Capt. Vishal Sharma    1:12:59 
 
Page 20 of 30

OK. Question 2. I think a lot of people have asked this, but you know I've invested in Pakka 
since 2016. Seventeen. So it's been almost 8-9 years and I've been following the more lip 
products quite closely. So I believe it was launched somewhere in 2018 and since. Then we 
have been, you know, struggling to make profits in this. So can you please give us guidance on 
the plan you have right now in place to make it more profitable in the coming years? And since 
we've 
given 
a 
lot 
of 
time, 
how 
much 
more 
time 
do 
you 
need? 
Are you anticipate for a total profited? 
 
Ved Krishna   1:13:38 
 
$1,000,000 question and Manali already you know asked me on this so give us another month. 
We are meeting the team later this month. They are supposed to provide us with a plan for   
significant impact and then we'll be able to decide within March the direction we are headed. 
So either Sachin, if you can make a note, we can specially send in. What is that methodology, 
Sachin too, can we send? A communication. Or maybe we can send it through BSE, right? We 
can 
send 
communication 
to 
the 
investors 
because 
this 
is 
valid. 
The city. You're muted. So. So yeah, if we can send. 
 
Sachin Srivastava   1:14:13 
 
We can send them back later to the administrator, also through e-mail and upload them on this 
stock changes. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:14:15 
 
That. OK. Great. So let me give us another month what we will do is Sachin. Let's make a note 
of it. Post our annual planning, so maybe at the end of March we will send a note on our plan 
for the food services business. 
 
Capt. Vishal Sharma    1:14:33 
OK. Thank you. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   1:14:38 
Thank you. So Mr. Paras, you can ask your question. 
 
Paras Chheda   1:14:49 
 
Yes, sorry, I think you see what? I'm highly impressed, Sir, with, you know, the thing that you 
know, you've been saying that it's your responsibility in terms of holding products and entire 
business decisions. So that's a very good, you know, sort of positive approach towards the 
business. But and I don't want to pressurize much, but you know just one thing that I feel on 
this molded products obviously it's been quite a long time you know for it to turn around. It 
turned around, it seemed like it turned around. And then it dipped into red. 
My only suggestion to you is to sort of reconsider the entire proposition. You know, probably 
back from scratch because you know, the longer this continues and probably in a few try to 
increase the turnover, probably this may have a further impact on the profitability of the 
company. Otherwise without this could be doing very well. So I mean obviously it's up to the 
team eventually, but it needs deep consideration in my, in my opinion, what I wanted to suggest 
is set deadline, you know beyond which. Sort of. You know, you try and curtail the exposure 
to this segment is my understanding and it could be a little bit premature in general. But I mean 
from the many businesses that I've seen across you know, in terms of investing. 
You know, I feel some at some point in time, you know, you should just reconsider and take a 
Page 21 of 30

decision with a deadline. That's the only suggestion I have sort of. Do you have a deadline in 
mind at all? 
 
Ved Krishna   1:16:21 
Very appreciated. 
 
Paras Chheda   1:16:23 
Ved on that or it's still a movie. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:16:24 
 
Yeah, yeah. Like I said, we will send a special communication to all investors within March. 
So I do have to give our team possibilities. So the team is working hard towards finding the 
overall scenario. Like I said before that you know we have given a clear target that if we cannot 
capture at least 20% of the disposables market in the country, there's no reason for us to be in 
the bus. So you can back calculate that amount so if we. 
 
Paras Chheda   1:16:51 
Yeah. And yeah. We need to be profitable about it. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   1:17:01 
So Yes. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:17:03 
Yeah, yeah, of course. Yeah, there is no reason to be in the business if you're not profitable. 
 
Paras Chheda   1:17:04 
I must say, yeah. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:17:08 
We're not looking for revenue, only for sure. 
 
Paras Chheda   1:17:09 
 
Yeah. Absolutely, yeah. Because you know, you've seen, you know, various new age 
businesses just targeting revenue and market shares, but do not really deliver bottom line. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:17:19 
They have SoftBank money, we don't. 
 
Paras Chheda   1:17:23 
 
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And this last thing, Vijay on this. This was on this Trump administration and 
whether and there have been some discussions. I heard that whether that Trump administration 
does have an impact on our fundamentals. In your opinion, you know you've been traveling. 
You meet people, you meet investors and your suppliers. Customers, likely potential 
customers, et cetera. Now you are in the, you know, process of sort of off take agreements also 
which. So which will make it very clear to you, you know, where do you stand? But in general, 
what's 
your 
sense? 
You 
know, 
with 
Trump 
administration 
coming 
in. 
Is business for you going to be as usual prior his administration or things could be tougher? 
 
Ved Krishna   1:18:09 
Page 22 of 30

 
I don't think business will be as usual anywhere in the words, so that's clear. You know, like, 
of course, things will be shaky at the kind of. Decision making that is happening in merely 3 
weeks. So, we are clear about that. But that said, like I said, the fundamentals of business are 
end of the day, make a superior product, make it consistently provide value to the customer. 
So those three have to be adhered to in any business and that's what we will focus on. The other 
only other thing I'd like to add is that if you look at usus is not merely a federal led country. 
States have a lot of sway. So, so you know, So what are the big markets for renewable 
sustainable products? It's the West Coast which is the California, Oregon, Washington and it 
is the East Coast, which is the New York region and then down to Florida. 
 
Paras Chheda   1:19:01 
Alright, alright. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:19:02 
 
So they'll they will remain with their own jurisdiction. SB54 is the California law which is 
coming in that will remain. It will not be. It will not adhere to what the federal guidelines are. 
So it's the. The United States. It functions as various countries when it comes to, say, various 
laws. So we will see, of course, geopolitics will clearly impact, but that's not according to me. 
Again, that's not if we are, if we are Hanford just by that, that means we never had a good 
product to start with. So it cannot be that reason. 
 
Paras Chheda   1:19:34 
No, no, absolutely and. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:19:36 
Yeah. So, we have to look at the basics in our product up to this up to spec. 
 
 
Paras Chheda   1:19:42 
 
Yes, and just lastly, I would like to say that you know your approach in terms of you know 
making it a superior product and not targeting an alternative to plastics is a is a very solid 
approach. And I think that's how you should sort of look at. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   1:19:43 
Right. 
 
Paras Chheda   1:19:56 
It. Thank you. 
I think it's it's a really a positive approach. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   1:20:00 
Thank you. Mr. Venkatesh, you have a question? 
 
Venkatesh S   1:20:10 
 
Good morning. Hi VED Hi Satish. Hope all is doing well boss. I want to just give a I'll take 
three 2-3 minutes, one minute of premise because I've been tracking a lot of people's questions 
and I think I would love to moderate this discussion. Everybody's question is a reward around. 
One factor, which is something that is out of our control and I think the core thing, I think we 
Page 23 of 30

any business focuses on is the core process, the capital and the customer. There are three CS 
that people look at. I think things like Trump, Modiji, all this will come and go. I know we play 
life. Accordingly, I don't think that is something that is broadly under control. I'm very happy 
that 
you 
paid 
respect 
to 
a 
lot 
of 
people. 
The fact of the matter is, as we navigate as we go along. So full credit to you for accepting the 
questions. And second question is do people also ask about the core process in terms of what 
do you want to do about the molded fibers business? I think the same repetition in different 
ways. I my sense is that my request is that Sir, you guys know what you're doing. 
Your company is $120 million market cap for which we are getting a basic paper and pulp 
business and you guys are trying to innovate and you're also trying to set up something fantastic 
in Guatemala. So that's completely a venture capital investment. If their optionality works out, 
it's 
great 
for 
everyone. 
So 
my 
sense 
is 
you 
should 
don't. 
I 
would. 
Really think that. Don't put yourself under pressure that one month you want to take a decision 
or anything because. You never know where you're gonna hit. Maybe you just wanna figure 
out. This is a kind of money that I'm gonna put in there, and I'm not gonna waste any more of 
this or because we are all financial analysts and fund managers. We're looking at this year's 
returns and next year returns to be. Honest with you, a lot of people don't think 10 years or five 
years here, OK? So that's one second, Sir. Most importantly. Sustainability one of this question 
that keeps cropping up across the board is whether sustainability makes sense and whether 
things will change. I think sustainability is gonna be very good economics going forward and 
a lot of people realize that you will make a lot of money if your business is sustainable because 
you draw out of nature and give it back to nature. So something that I don't think you should. 
Give up quickly. One suggestion that I have two questions and one suggestion the question is. 
In terms of the team we are talking about the India business. Jagdeep was there. He's doing a 
great 
job. 
Then 
we 
got 
ahead 
of 
innovation 
products. 
And what about and Satish is moving to take care of the US business? So whose baby is the 
India? Customer B2B or the B2C business, if the molded fiber business is going to take off and 
we want to attack and we want to take 20% market share, who is the person responsible to get 
it there over the next 12 months or 20? Four months. That's my first question. 
2nd in terms of. Organization structure. Is this enough? For you in terms of business 
development, go to market. Who decides whether you want to be B to C company or AB to B 
company? Because with my question actually is if you, you know in a typical day's mind space 
how much of your mind space goes to B to C&B to B on the. Molded fiber business. How 
much is on the core business and how much is on Guwahati Mala? If you think about it? 
I think we may get some answers. That's my first question and. If you can answer that and 
they'll come to the suggestion party. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:23:42 
 
OK, as usual. Venkatesh is always great to get hear from you and get your views because they 
always spark more thought. So just a side note, on your time line. So when we were finalizing 
the land in Guatemala, our CEO there, Eduardo said. You know, why are you buying this land 
and spending a million and a half or something on this? You know, we can just lease it and it's 
only going to be this much in Guatemala, I said sure. If it's for 500 years, so. So you know 
you're talking about one year, two years quarter at least as back up. We are thinking in terms 
of 500 years you know can we can we create something that will create value for humanity for 
beyond at least. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:24:08 
Yeah. 
Page 24 of 30

 
Ved Krishna   1:24:23 
 
Beyond hundred years, if not 500 years, so, so that was the kind of thought process that we 
went through when we purchased the land as well. Absolutely spot on. I think the biggest 
challenge for any. Leader is building the right team. And I would say that at least my greatest 
achievement in the last year has been surrounding myself with absolutely spectacular people. 
And you're seeing few of them on the screen right now. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:24:46 
Yeah, yeah. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:24:47 
And you've met some of them in person as well. And you know Jagdeep well and you know 
absolutely. Like has kept us part of the reason why we are able to dream that we are what we 
are dreaming is mainly because of his leadership in India. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:24:51 
Yeah. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:25:00 
You know to be able to kind of go beyond and think beyond. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:25:04 
Yeah. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:25:04 
 
So yeah, so great team. You're noticing Satish taking over us again. Spectacular shifts in Satish 
came here. Rolando coming in and building a finance solid finance kind of structure and of 
course. We are in the middle of a kind of finalising the India finance structure as well, totally 
right on the. With Satish leaving, we don't have a business lead in the in the food services 
business is what I would call it and that's something that is an active search right now. So so, 
you know, we are. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:25:35 
OK. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:25:35 
 
We are looking for a person. We have a good sales guy, but that won't fly right in the end. 
You have to build a business. So Jagdeep is actively looking for that person. My personal time 
only 
goes 
when 
he 
identifies 
and 
short 
lists 
the 
person. 
So. So it's not my time that goes on it in terms of B to C&B to B, we do to data LED discussions. 
You know what is paying, what is not paying. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:25:49 
Yep. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:25:59 
How is it moving? 
Where do we create value? 
Page 25 of 30

Where do we not create value? 
How do we shift my whole thought process or our whole thought process works from how do 
you keep it simple? 
How do you go for lesser number of SKUs? 
 
Venkatesh S   1:26:10 
Yeah. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:26:12 
How do you go for lesser number of packaging solutions? 
How do you go for lesser numbers of distribution systems? 
And create volume. 
So that's the fundamental questioning that we do and that comes from a singular idea. 
What is packaged Pakka is a business that is trying to build scale in manufacturing. 
So that's our bottom line. 
So anything that is not adhering to that we will drop. 
So we've dabbled in a lot of things, but we ask the question again, is this going to create scale 
in manufacturing? 
Because it doesn't feed our ultimate goal. 
Right. Which is which is a cleaner planet. 
So if you're going to do a little bit of dabbling here, little bit of dabbling there. 
That's not going to create impact. So, so it's singular idea which is built on this. 
That's the only question we kind of ask again. 
And say yes or no based on that. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:27:06 
Just a little bit, I think it was Hiren was us talking about lots of guys coming in, 50 people 
more technologies coming in. 
My sense is if you get your product right and decent cost structure and the team, I think it's 
pretty easy to fight the unorganized market. If you're really targeting only 20% market share. 
So my sense is please take your time and figure out whether this business works or not. 
And I think you've got something, right. 
I think we just need to find you. 
My suggestion was, since you talked about the process that goes on at Guwahati Mala and 
you talked about water as a solvent, four sources from which things come into the factory. 
So and you talked about 100,000 tonnes. 
I was just looking at Google Maps and I found that Guatemala is pretty kind of there's a 
Pacific, but it's quite close to equida. 
It could have. 
It could have the world's largest banana producing nation and banana, as you know, is a 
compostable fantastic ecologically sustainable product. You may want to think whether 
Begas, while begas exist while you. If can that be used as a feedstock as well? Because in you 
know something that. 
I thought I should bring it up to your alley because they produce 360,000 tonnes of bag 
bananas every year. 
What happens to this? The 2nd is I think the US market is quite huge. 
Trillions of dollars of economy. 
Trump no Trump. I'm sure there are a lot of guys who want to take this product. 
I mean, so and again, Latin America, Brazil, Argentina, Canada, as long as it exists as an 
Page 26 of 30

independent country also is a good market. 
So. So that's what it is, yeah. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:28:38 
Even if it exists as a 51st date, it'll still be independent. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:28:41 
Perfectly. Yeah, perfectly OK with this. 
We just want to sell, yeah. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:28:44 
Yeah. So no banana is something that we've actively worked on. Banana and Abaca, which is 
a cousin of banana. There's a few challenges with that. Like any other fiber. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:28:50 
OK. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:28:54 
1st is it's not post industrial, so collecting is a big challenge. 
It has 90% water in the stem, which means you have to squeeze in the farm because it acts the 
water acts as a fertilizer for the farmer. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:28:58 
OK. 
OK. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:29:06 
The third is the inherent silica is high. 
The inherent silica is almost 20%, so in the process itself what happens is that you have a 
challenge when you are trying to recover the chemicals. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:29:11 
OK. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:29:17 
 
So it's good for alternatives like textiles, but when you look at or, you know, like you have a 
backup which has a lower amount of silica. So it goes into tea bags nonwovens, those are 
mostly ibaca, which is again Philippines. So, so well aware of the fiber Gu. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:29:17 
Right. OK.OK. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:29:34 
 
Itself. You know, Rolando knows this well. Eduardo, in fact, owns a lot of banana plantations. 
So yeah, But itself has a lot of plantation as well. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:29:40Oh. Oh, super, super. Where when do we get to hear on the India 
business head? 
Page 27 of 30

 
Ved Krishna   1:29:48 
Oh, you mean for the food services? 
 
Venkatesh S   1:29:48 
For the food services business, yeah. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:29:51 
Fingers crossed search is on. You know these things. Are they? 
You know when the stars align, hopefully within the next month is what we are targeting. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:30:00 
Super. That's it from my side. All the best. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:30:02 
Thank you, Venkatesh. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   1:30:03 
Thank you. 
So we'll take the final question from Hiren and then close the call. 
 
Hiren Patel   1:30:08 
 
Yeah, just a follow up question on this particular project progress you have already mentioned 
in 44 percentage progress has been achieved for Project Jagriti and 15% for flexible. But can 
you provide some distribution like generally it is being monitored on EPC based on S cur? So 
how much engineering? How much procurement and how much construction progress has been 
achieved 
for 
Jagriti 
as 
well 
as 
the 
Co-op 
project? 
Just in terms of EPC, so we get better idea of the completion time. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:30:38 
 
That Pranay is going to kill me. They actually had this slide and I haven't had him remove it. 
I said don't give complications. You know, they literally had each area wise. You know what 
is the progress? How much is the? I said, what will investors do? Trying to see how much 
you've done in recovery. Boiler how much can e-mail you that slide if you want but on the 
carvak side, it's more on the it's, it's on the engineering, just the land procurement has happened 
and we'll start building a boundary the next month or something. So. 
 
Hiren Patel   1:30:56 
OK. Sure. Thanks. Thank you. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:31:08 
 
Is relatively straightforward. It's more on paper. The Jagriti. Side is of course different sectors 
have different progress sides, but from an why I said to Pranay that it's unnecessary 
fundamentally depends on the flexi line, right? Everything else is serving the flexi line. 
So there are two from a revenue standpoint, there are only two additions, the PM3 expansion 
and the flexi line. Those are the two big ones. There is a few delays in PM3, so it's middle of 
the year now it was earlier targeted for March, April. There are a few delays in supply, not at 
our end, so it's going to be June, July. So there is a kind of about 15% increase in production 
Page 28 of 30

because of that and of course in quality. But the big one is end of the year. So it. Going to be 
everything else is in service of that. So even if you see a lot of progress and say RA, TP, it's 
95% or actually the Commission did, so it's 100% right. But you know what, good does it make 
in the end? 
 
Hiren Patel   1:32:09 
 
Yeah. So, OK, OK. So just I so we are on track to be completed flexible packaging like as you 
said by the maximum by the early next year means 2026 February or March 2020. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:32:22 
 
So we are on track to create the base paper for flexible packaging because the NM has not been 
proven yet. We haven't in India ordered the quoting machine, but that said the base paper is a 
grease proof paper that'll sell regardless, but so that we'll start stabilizing that. And like Satish 
said, if he gives us the formula in the next. 
 
Hiren Patel   1:32:38 
2. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:32:46 
 
Quarter. Then we'll order the quarters and that's typically a six to nine month split. So we should 
still meet the next year, early deadline. 
 
Hiren Patel   1:32:53 
Oh. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:32:58 
So the Hiren is asking these questions because he's an engineer procurement, he's done work 
for Adani. 
 
Hiren Patel   1:32:59 
OK, OK. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:33:04 
So you probably hire him as a consultant. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:33:04 
Clearly. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:33:06 
He comes on board, yeah. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:33:10 
 
Good, good. Thank you Hiren. That keeps us on our toes. Next time I won't get Pranay to 
remove that slide just for you. 
 
Hiren Patel   1:33:16 
OK, OK. Thank you. Thank you. 
Page 29 of 30

 
Pranay Pasricha   1:33:18 
Thank you. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:33:18 
Thank you guys. As always, thank you all for your support, your questioning, your guidance. 
We keep looking forward to these calls. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:33:21 
Thanks guys. 
 
Ved Krishna   1:33:26 
It's always so much. Energy and excitement for us. So, thank you so much for your support. 
 
Venkatesh S   1:33:31 
Thanks. Thanks for patiently answering. 
 
Pranay Pasricha   1:33:32 
Thank you. 
 
Satish ChamyVelumani   1:33:33 
Thank you everybody. 
 
Hiren Patel   1:33:35 
Thank you. 
 
Rolando Yon   1:33:35 
Thank you. 
 
Sachin Srivastava stopped transcription 
Page 30 of 30
