                    
 
 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
CIN: L32201MH1964PLC013085 
75, General Block, MIDC, Bhosari, 
Pune 411 026, India 
Tel: (+91-20) 63110110 
Web: www.divgi-tts.com 
 
Ref.: DTTS/Sec/24-25/90 
 
February 20, 2025 
 
To,  
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001  
 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code – 543812 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
"Exchange Plaza" 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C-1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051  
 
NSE Scrip Code - DIVGIITTS 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on February 17, 2025 
 
Ref.: Regulations 30 of the SEBI LODR Regulations 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Further to our letter reference no. DTTS/Sec/24-25/82 dated February 07, 2025, pursuant to 
Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“LODR Regulations”), 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on February 
17, 2025, in respect of the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The transcript can also be accessed on the Company’s website at the following link: 
 
https://divgi-tts.com/earning-call-transcripts/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sanika Nirgude 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No: A71466 
 
 
 
Enclosed: As above 
SANIKA 
SURENDRA 
NIRGUDE
Digitally signed by 
SANIKA SURENDRA 
NIRGUDE 
Date: 2025.02.20 
12:57:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
Q3 FY‘25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 17, 2025 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 17th February 2025 will prevail.”  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JITENDRA DIVGI -- MANAGING DIRECTOR – DIVGI 
TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. HIRENDRA DIVGI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
DIVGI TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDHIR MIRJANKAR -- CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DIVGI TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. DEEPAK VANI – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
DIVGI TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. MIHIR VORA – EQUIRUS SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems, hosted by Equirus Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities. Thank you. And 
over to you, sir. 
Mihir Vora: 
Thank you, Alric. Good morning, everyone. So on behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome you 
all to the Q3 FY '25 Post Results Call of Divgi TorqTransfer Systems. From the management 
side, we have Mr. Jitendra Divgi, Managing Director; Mr. Hirendra Divgi, Whole Time Director; 
Mr. Sudhir Mirjankar, CFO; and Dipak Vani, COO. 
Without further ado, I now hand over the floor to Jitendra sir, for opening comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. Thank you, Mihir and a warm welcome to all our participants, participating investors and 
other people, analysts who have joined this call. I'm going to break up my brief introductory 
remarks into three segments. First, I'm going to talk about the Q3 quarter and the various 
elements that -- the developments that have happened. I'm going to then talk about certain key 
achievements that took place recently in the last 3 months to 4 months. And then we're going to 
look at a little bit at future visibility and a quick update on the next-gen products that we have 
been working on. 
So, let me dive straight into the highlights of Q3 and the first 9 months of FY '25. Now those of 
you who joined the last few earnings calls may recall that we started the year on a somewhat 
depressed note due to challenges faced in 2 of our -- 2 main business segments, which is the 4-
wheel drive transfer cases and EV transmissions that we make at our new plant in Pune. 
On the transfer cases, over the past 3 quarters, the volume offtake has been disappointing and 
lower due to 2 developments. One is the introduction of a low-cost variant without 4-wheel drive 
and the transition that is underway a little bit at our largest customer here, Mahindra, from the 
3-door version to the 5-door version. 
And that has involved a little bit of a ramp-up that was needed on the 5-door new model. 
However, based on the forecasts that are coming in on schedules, we are anticipating a slight 
improvement this quarter and certainly going into the first quarter of the next financial year. 
I should add that although the numbers were depressed, the per unit realization on the transfer 
cases was significantly better. This is because of defense sales, which have a higher per unit 
price point and also the volume-based pricing plans and contracts that we have in place. 
So while we are experiencing a temporary slowdown in this business, our focus remains on 
getting value, strengthening partnerships with OEMs -- and continuing sort of exploration of 
widening both market segments and product portfolio. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Looking ahead, we are confident that the expansion of the transfer case business into 
international markets, particularly with Japanese, Korean, American OEMs, along with the 
introduction of innovative new variants in the domestic market will drive medium-term and 
long-term growth. 
The globalization of our transfer case portfolio is underway with some significant new 
opportunities in the U.S. aftermarket, which we believe will strengthen revenue streams. This is 
a recent development that has happened, and we will have updates in this regard in the ensuing 
quarters as we go ahead. 
As far as EV transmissions are concerned, this segment has been the most disappointing relative 
to the original business plans and letters of intent and capacity planning that was given to us by 
customers. But we believe that a tipping point may be on the horizon with the introduction of 
new models that are coming in. Those of you who watch this industry, I'm sure, are aware that 
Mahindra has introduced new models with 500-kilometer plus range, and that may very well 
turn out to be a tipping point. 
So to address the sort of headwinds, we are widening our portfolio. And I'm pleased to tell you 
that we have been awarded further contracts to widen our product portfolio beyond just the 
Nexon to include long-range versions of the Punch and the Curvv and also 4-wheel drive options 
on the Harrier and Safari at Tata. We have also quoted on significant new opportunities for 
component kits for at least 3 more OEMs. And that work to try and acquire these new businesses 
is underway in right earnest. 
As far as the new product development on the current business portfolio is concerned, we expect 
revenue streams to start in the June, July time frame, with production ramping up thereafter. So, 
we are expecting a significant increase in FY '26 as a result of this development.  
And the industry now has a strong focus on localization, which is what we are bringing in order 
to reduce the dependence on imports from China. So, we are fairly confident that with this 
development, the first half of next year will be significantly better in terms of our revenue 
coming from the EV transmission segment. 
On components, we have made considerable progress. I think, overall, the sales has almost 
doubled on components, and it will continue to rise. It will be driven primarily by export markets 
where again, there was -- we've got approval for -- production approval for almost 8 components. 
They total up to 1 million units a year at the RFQ volumes and have a revenue realization of 
almost INR90 crores. These are opportunities that are coming to us from China, Korea, Europe, 
a plant in Portugal, in Europe, the United States and Mexico. And additionally, we have active 
development going on both in terms of acquiring new businesses and developing new parts for 
markets in Japan, Thailand and again, U.S. and Korea. And this -- realization of this chunk of 
about INR90 crores per year will start. It has actually already started in a modest way, and we 
will see the results unfolding from Q4 onwards, but really making a significant impact from Q1 
of FY '26. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
As I said, we have secured final production approval for all these parts. And including export 
orders from China, we are expecting an additional jump of almost INR7 crores a month. This, 
of course, is subject to the schedules that will come about, but we expect something in that range. 
We continue to deepen our engagement with Tier 1 -- global Tier 1 suppliers across the world 
and particularly the U.S. So with a growing global footprint and increasing export volumes, I 
think we are on track to generate a significant share of our revenue from international markets 
from next year. 
By the end of FY '26, exports are expected to contribute a double-digit percentage of our overall 
revenue and further sort of bringing energy and life on the global business expansion. I want to 
take a moment and talk about some significant achievements also. So while the financial 
numbers were not to our expectations, there have been some very substantial achievements that 
have strengthened our brand reputation and the proposition that we bring in India's automotive 
industry. 
Some of you may recall that in September of '24, we won the Toyota Supplier of the Year award. 
And I'm very pleased to report that we have now also won the Proprietary Powertrain 
Commodity Supplier of the Year at Mahindra & Mahindra again. And this is the second time we 
have won this at Mahindra. We also won this kind of an award 2 times at Toyota in the last five 
years. 
And in this year, winning back-to-back awards from 2 major OEMs who have a very, very strong 
position in sport utility vehicle and pickup truck segments reaffirms the quality of our products' 
cost competitiveness and our execution -- overall execution competence. I think it's a tribute to 
the unwavering dedication of our employees in understanding and executing the needs of giants 
like Toyota and Mahindra in the way we have executed and work for them. This recognition 
marks a significant milestone in our powertrain systems journey. 
I think it reflects our focus on innovation and delivering technology-driven solutions. You would 
agree that these accolades strengthen our brand position and reinforce our dedication to 
providing advanced technology to our OEM customers. We also had a very successful Auto 
Expo. And as we took stock of all that happened in those 4 days, we realized that the overall 
kind of revenue opportunity space that we generated from here was almost INR2,000 crores, 
with strong interest from leading Indian and multinational OEMs. 
I might add that there was a significant amount of interest shown by overseas OEMs in our 
systems solutions. And follow-up meetings have been set up over and we are going to see a lot 
of things unfolding. And of course, it's up to us to convert the activity that this opportunity has 
thrown up into a concrete business. 
Some of you may be aware that in -- till 2016, we were part of a joint venture with BorgWarner. 
We took the decision to buy out their share and then establish an independent Indian brand 
starting in the year 2016. This decision required us to modernize and upgrade our facilities by 
increasing capacity to support growth. And during this time, we made significant investments to 
prepare for growth and broaden our product portfolio. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
After renegotiating a long-term supply agreement for 7 years, so from 2017 to 2024, we have 
now signed a new agreement for technical marketing and supply chain collaboration for another 
7 years with the BorgWarner Drivetrain Systems Group. So, this reaffirms our long-standing 
relationship and strengthens our partnership, driving innovation, expanding market reach and 
enhancing operational efficiencies for long-term competitive advantage. This agreement is 
multifaceted. It includes technology. 
It enhances our ability to sort of build on top of the brand promise of BorgWarner and gives us 
reciprocal supply chain -- global supply chain opportunities in terms of being able to integrate 
state-of-the-art supplier-based solutions from BorgWarner supply chain and in turn, get for 
ourselves global opportunities to support BorgWarner across some 20 plants of their drivetrain 
division. 
This partnership also gives us regular access to the top decision-making management team of 
BorgWarner and generally gives us recognition and visibility at corporate headquarters in 
BorgWarner. So it sort of reflects our ability to build our brand globally by association with 
renowned brands like BorgWarner. 
So, those were some updates I wanted to bring you up to speed on. So as you can see, there has 
been a lot of activity side by side with our steady-state revenue operations. Continuing this 
further, I want to take few moments and give you some idea of future visibility and an update 
on our next-gen transmission development. 
I'm really pleased because there's an NDA, I can't give you more details at this stage, but suffice 
it to say that we have signed an MOU with one of the world's largest Tier 1 transmission 
manufacturers to do a feasibility study in India to produce over 100,000 automatic transmissions 
for localization for the Indian automotive industry. 
Over the past few weeks and months, this initiative has undergone extensive evaluation, 
including in-depth discussions, technical assessments and joint plant visits. The study is in its 
final phase, and we expect a final decision sometime by the middle of March. 
In addition to this, we have signed an NDA with one of the world's most prestigious OEMs in 
Europe to do a feasibility study on the manufacture of an 8-speed dual-clutch automatic 
transmission. It's interesting that this opportunity has come from Europe for a very, very state-
of-the-art product. Some of you are aware that dual-clutch transmission is an area that we've 
been working on in terms of R&D efforts for the last 8 years or 9 years. 
This collaboration and this ability to forge a partnership of this nature highlights our expanding 
role in the global automotive sector and aligns with our commitment to bringing advanced 
transmission technology to India with deep localization. We are also engaged in active 
discussions with leading Japanese and Korean multinational OEMs. 
And I must say this is very, very significant because it's very unusual for a Japanese OEM to be 
talking to an Indian Tier 1 for an advanced electronically controlled drivetrain aggregate system. 
But that's what we are doing for the development and supply of an electronically controlled shift-
on-fly transfer case and 6-speed manual transmission systems. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Now, these opportunity -- this offers us opportunities for long-term collaboration and innovation 
in this segment. To become a Tier 1 supplier of this nature to Japanese and Korean OEMs means 
it sort of gives us a long-term durable -- opportunity to build a long-term durable partnership 
with these renowned companies. 
And personally, I am very thrilled and excited as to where this will take us. Indications right 
now are that this will be concluded by March end, and we have been requested for prototypes in 
the September, October timeframe. So it is in an advanced stage of discussions. And hopefully, 
by the next earnings call, we will have a little more information to share with you. 
So the other interesting update that I wish to give you is that we are also working on a very large 
opportunity to take over about 150,000 manual transmissions from a major Indian OEM for a 
pickup truck application. 
What all this is pointing to is, I think, a vindication of the prognosis that we in Divgi TTS had 
about the future of industry, the automotive industry a couple of years ago that as the market 
churn happens in localization and electrification technology, the pressure is going to come on 
OEMs to be fast and nimble and a little more best at handling an increasingly complex vehicle 
product portfolio. 
And to become nimble in this regard, they will be compelled to farm out a lot more work that 
traditionally they have been doing in-house and investigate opportunities to -- where more work 
is given to a Tier 1. And both globally from what I've just narrated to you and in terms of what's 
happening in our domestic markets, the signs are very, very clear. And obviously, all of this 
affords very growth -- good growth prospects for us. 
In previous calls, I have mentioned that we are actively exploring opportunities on next-gen 
transmissions that includes state-of-the-art automatic, but also hybrid systems. And they 
connect, of course, with a lot of things going on in electrification because that is the future.  
And technology of this type will take an increasing share of the portfolio as we go into the future. 
We believe that our infrastructure and the assets that we have invested in position us as a full-
service systems provider, equipped with established tools and the expertise for product 
development and manufacturing. 
So, I'm very pleased to report that we have achieved the first milestone of completing the first 
phase of our feasibility study for dedicated hybrid transmissions. Eventually, the study is to try 
and understand the extent of improvement in fuel efficiency that can be delivered with this 
technology for customers in India. 
And towards that end, we have the first prototype of our dedicated hybrid transmission available 
with us, with which further studies are going on. And I will have updates as we go ahead in 
ensuing earnings calls. That about brings me to the end of my remarks. 
But before I conclude, I would like to reaffirm what I think is our core message that what brought 
us to the market is something that we are committed to. Our focus continues to remain on what 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
I believe are the key strengths that differentiate us, not just within India's automotive supplier 
base, but on the global stage. 
As I've highlighted in my remarks, our achievements reflect our commitment to continuous 
innovation and invention, which are at the heart of our business. But I think true impact comes 
from complementing these good ideas with world-class product development and 
manufacturing, which are critical factors in delivering value to our customers. And the ability 
almost in a space of 6 months to win awards from Mahindra and Toyota hopefully reflect that 
we are walking the talk. 
So, I hope this update has given you some insight. I know -- I'm going to hand over the 
proceedings to Sudhir, our CFO, to walk you through the numbers, and then we are available for 
Q&A to talk about Q3 and what is it that we'll be doing in the ensuing quarters. So, thank you 
for your time and attention. 
And I will now hand over the proceedings to Sudhir Mirjankar, who will walk you through the 
financial numbers in some detail. Thank you again. And over to you, Sudhir. 
Sudhir Mirjankar: 
Thank you, sir. Good morning to everyone on the call. Before presenting the financial numbers 
for the quarter and the first 9 months of FY '25, I would like to highlight a few key points. The 
performance over the first 9 months remained subdued, primarily due to a decline in volume 
offtake in both the EV transmission and transfer case segment, each facing its own set of 
challenges. This had a negative impact on overall revenue from operations and resulted in lower 
operating profitability. 
In the transfer case business, the adverse effects were partially offset by improved price 
realization, supported by volume-based pricing within the framework of our existing contracts, 
which included provisions for compensation in case of lower volumes. Meanwhile, in the EV 
transmission business, we broadened our scope and reinforced our presence by expanding 
coverage across all platforms of our existing OEMs. 
Operating profitability was further affected by lower fixed cost absorption and higher 
expenditure related to tooling revenue. The decline in operating profit also weighed on profit 
after tax. Looking ahead, we anticipate some depreciation impact from plant and equipment 
modernization for expansion projects beginning in FY '26. 
So coming to numbers. Total income for the first 9 months of FY '25 stood at INR 176 crores, 
reflecting a 13% year-on-year decline compared to INR 203 crores in 9 months of FY '24, 
primarily due to lower sales volumes. Revenue mix, the transfer case business saw a 32% 
decline, while the EV transmission business achieved 13% year-on-year growth. 
Component business, this segment continued its strong performance, recording a 46% year-on-
year growth. With a robust order book from both domestic and international customers, we 
expect this momentum to sustain, positioning the segment as a key contributor to margin 
expansion. While export contributions remain in single digit at present, we anticipate a steady 
growth trajectory. With multiple business contracts secured, we are confident of achieving 
double-digit sequential growth in the coming quarter. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Overall gross margin improved to 63.2% in 9 months FY '25, up from 61.1% in 9 months FY 
'24. This expansion was primarily driven by our volume-based pricing strategy in the core 
transfer case business, which optimized revenue realization despite demand fluctuations. These 
factors have significantly enhanced profitability, reinforcing our commitment to operational 
efficiency and sustainable financial performance. 
EBITDA for 9 months FY '25 was INR 44 crores, down 19% year-on-year from INR 54 crores 
in 9 months FY '24, impacted by lower fixed cost absorption due to weaker volumes. EBITDA 
margin stood at 25%. Profit after tax for 9 months FY '25 was INR 19 crores, marking a 38% 
year-on-year decline from INR 30 crores in 9 months of FY '24. PAT margin stood at 10.8%, 
affected by overall lower operating profitability. 
So, coming to Q3 FY '25 performance. Total income for Q3 FY '25 stood at INR57 crores, 
reflecting a 15% year-on-year decline compared to INR68 crores in Q3 of FY '24. On a quarter-
on-quarter basis, revenue remained stable. EBITDA for Q3 FY '25 was INR 14 crores, down 
23% year-on-year from INR 18 crores in Q3 FY '24 and 18% quarter-on-quarter. 
The EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 23.6%. So, profit after tax for Q3 FY '25 stood at 
INR 5 crores, marking a 44% year-on-year decline from INR9 crores in Q3 of FY '24 and a 33% 
, quarter-on-quarter drop. PAT margin for the quarter stood at 9.1%. 
So, that's it from my side. And now we can open the floor for question-and-answers, please. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Funds. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, last few quarters, we have been reporting degrowth on quarter, probably almost every 
quarter. So, how do you see the near-term quarter in terms of quarter 4 performance? And if we 
have to look for FY '26, any guidance you would like to give in terms of achieving certain 
revenues going forward? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. Thank you, Mahesh. I mean, I -- we are acutely sensitive and aware of what is happening, 
and that this Q3 has been disappointing. However, what I would request you to look at is what 
are the substantive corrective measures that are underway to address this state of affairs, okay. 
One is inherently in the contracts that are available, we are expecting some consolidation, 
stabilization and some incremental improvement in volumes as the Thar ROXX at Mahindra 
stabilizes. We have the Scorpio N model also going in for exports over the next -- so over the 
next 3 quarters, this business will show some incremental improvement. That's our expectation. 
But it will not be enough to offset what has happened. That brings us to the second -- so let me 
first finish the 4-wheel drive segment and then talk about other segments and then sort of 
summarize the whole thing. We are also working on, as I said, some global opportunities. These 
are Japanese and Korean OEMs operating both in India and overseas, okay. 
The advantage is that we have been requested to leverage off our off-the-shelf offerings, which 
is what gives us the ability to have a relatively short lead time to going into -- go into to the 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
market. So the efforts that are underway are to try and diversify the customer base and also the 
product base in our core 4-wheel drive business. 
The second one, which I think is a significant corrective action is the development of this bigger 
gearbox, which the customer had sort of given its last priority, assuming that the lower-end 
version had to be localized first given the cost competitive nature of the smaller segments. 
Unfortunately, the market kind of abandoned the low end and went careening off course towards 
the higher range of the market, where our customers were caught still importing from China. 
But now that we have this successfully under development, this particular design, as I mentioned, 
goes on 5 different models as compared to 3 models of the smaller gearbox that we had. 
So, we expect some significant improvement, although the risks of the EV remain. And the risks 
primarily come from the fact that there are other OEMs catching up with the market leader, 
which is Tata Motors. And so we will have to see how that plays out. But be that as it may, we 
have now the presence on relatively fast-moving segments like the Punch, the Nexon and the 
Curvv immediately. So, this is another corrective action which is underway. 
And finally, I'm sort of keeping the best for the last, is the 8 different export components where 
we have pulled off all 8 projects right first time. And I think, our team in the din  and the heat of 
the moment of these declining sales, this incredible achievement of our team should not go 
neglected. 
And what they have pulled off is quite spectacular from China to Europe, to the United States to 
Mexico, 4 different international markets. We have put the export kind of business package, 
which as I referred to earlier in my remarks, has a revenue realization potential of about INR 90 
crores back on track. And that, I think, is what will also propel sales going forward. So these are 
the main near-term, I think, tactical interventions we've succeeded in putting in place. 
The assets are -- we've always said that they are fungible. We can sort of use our assets across 4 
different verticals of our business. And so the implication of these achievements, Mahesh, is that 
the way we are looking at it is that FY '25 will be seen as an aberration. 
The trajectory that we are focused on is the growth that we had promised.And we have not 
forgotten the promise of bringing the growth back on a trajectory of that 15% CAGR, 15% to 
20%. And I think there will be significant improvement starting April. It may take a month or 2, 
but certainly starting next quarter. 
We will see some impact of the export orders in this quarter itself, but the real substantial ones 
will come later on. I want to offer an explanation here that all the 8 projects we have won, and 
if you add up the RFQ volumes, it comes to almost 1 million pieces a year. 
So, we are talking more than 100,000 components being exported every month. All of this has 
come through the China Plus One sourcing. These are not new developments per say , new to us 
maybe, but ongoing programs at OEMs and Tier 1s across the world, including 20% of this is 
coming from China. And that, I think, is another very, very significant achievement. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Now, because this is China Plus One ongoing programs, the customer plants across the world 
have been sort of trying to figure out how to transition given the momentum of their own 
business from that source in China to Divgi. So, there has been a little bit of going back and 
forth in scheduling. 
So, one particular customer in the Midwest who has about 350,000 to 400,000 parts per year has 
kind of pushed out the whole schedule and the ramp-up to their second quarter, which is the 
April to June quarter for us, and that has kind of delayed the revenue booking at our end.  
But the approvals are in place. We have stocked our warehouse in the United States. And it's 
like the arrow is in the bow drawn, ready to be fired. So, that is what I would like to tell you. 
And based on this, I think we will see 2025 as a sort of tactical aberration. And the growth, we 
are looking at '26 with reference to FY '24 and getting our growth back in place. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure, sir. And sir, what is the current capacity utilization across our factories? And what are the 
capex plans for next year? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. Thank you for that question. It's a very, very pertinent one. Because of the way we were 
told to capacitize by our customers for transfer cases and EVs, our utilization is really quite low 
there. 
On transfer cases, it's less than 50%. And on EVs, it's about 20%. And despite that, we are 
generating an EBITDA of 20% plus. So, you can imagine what impact it will have if we have 
some significant improvement in the top line. We are very, very clear about the cost structure.  
And Sudhir, my colleague alluded to the gross margins that we are working with. We are very 
conscious when we quote. When you're doing product development, there is an unwavering eye 
that is kept on our contribution margins and therefore, our EBITDA percentages and ultimately, 
of course, the ROI. 
The ROI right now, I'm afraid, is shot to pieces given the utilization and the decline in the top. 
But our effort is to maintain, first, the gross margin, the contribution margins, then take care of 
fixed costs so that the EBITDA margins are kept, and that is how we approach the business. So 
in these 2 segments, we do not anticipate a significant investment, that is transfer cases and EVs. 
The capex plans that will come are expected for the automatic transmission business. That, as I 
mentioned, we are working on 2 different parallel tracks. And one of them, we hope to have 
some kind of closure in March, April timeframe. It's actually overdue, but because of certain 
constraints with our customer, overseas customer, they were not able to provide a certain amount 
of data that we had requested and it's been delayed a little bit. 
But please bear in mind that if we pull this off, this deal will be kind of historic because it could 
end up becoming the transmission story of 2025, not just in India, but across the world because 
I don't think anybody is attempting a transfer of technology and manufacturing of over 100,000 
automatics in any part of the world right now. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
So, that is what your company has reached now to be able to convince, persuade one of the 
world's largest Tier 1s that is making several million units across the world and to convince them 
to come to India with us. So, that is where I expect the capex to happen and which is why because 
of this delay, there is that cash sitting on our balance sheet. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, sorry, sir, last question. Will this capex be high? I mean, any ballpark maybe INR 50 crores? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
No, it will be in excess of between -- in capital investment and working capital, it will be well 
in excess of INR 100 crores. It's a big program. The automatic transmission program at a 
minimum will give a turbocharging boost of over INR 500 crores to the top line. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Manish Goyal from Thinqwise Wealth Managers. 
Manish Goyal: 
I have a few questions. First on the -- just a clarification on RFQ, what we have received for 
150,000 transmissions, is it for manual transmission system or EV transmission? And is it for 
system or it's components like, if you can clarify that one, sir? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Thank you very much. That's a very good question because it gives me the opportunity to expand 
on this and clarify. We are very excited by this development. And let me be very clear, it is a 
manual transmission for a pickup truck in India. It is not an EV. This opportunity is in addition 
to all that I've told you on EVs and automatic transmissions. 
And it is a reflection of the pressure that our OEMs are under to make better use of their own 
capital as they wrestle with increasing complexity in their product portfolio and the many years 
of preparation that has gone into positioning us proactively to take advantage of such 
developments. 
So, I think our strategic foresight has paid off, and we are in a very good position to take over 
this product line. And it is the very key part of your question, is it a set of components or systems? 
I can tell you very clearly, the OEM is expecting us to deliver a full system-based solution. 
Manish Goyal: 
Okay. And this is for the existing product? Or is it something, which are new product developed 
by OEMs and you are probably looking to provide this manual transmission? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
It is an ongoing program. The total volume is actually well over 200,000. But one significant 
portion of it, about -- I mean, I use the 150,000 as a sort of thumb rule. It will be somewhere 
between 120,000 to 140,000. We have been requested to plan a capacity of 150,000. 
Manish Goyal: 
So ideally, basically -- so it means that we are replacing some existing manual transmission 
systems? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
No. What is happening is this work is being -- the planning is underway to shift this out of the 
OEM, so that space is made available for other next-generation stuff that the OEM wishes to 
undertake. And the other critical part of your question is whether this is a new vehicle or -- no, 
it is an existing. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
So, there is tremendous momentum in the project, and it has to be handled with a lot of -- very 
deftly without causing any dislocation in supplies, which is why they are looking at us because 
we have a reputation for executing projects of this nature. 
Manish Goyal: 
Sure, sir. And what would be the realization for manual transmission? I believe for DCT in the 
past, you have mentioned about 1 lakh something per system. So for this system, what would be 
the... 
Jitendra Divgi: 
The pickup truck segment is extremely competitive. So the manual transmission realization will 
be quite competitive. Because there's an NDA and it's under negotiation, I wouldn't like to hazard 
a number here, but it is significant. The opportunity is well over INR200 crores to the top line. 
Manish Goyal: 
Right, sir. And sir, on the absolute -- sorry, for the exports, I really appreciate that the run rate 
will pick up going forward. But if you can provide us with what could be the absolute number 
we'll end up in FY '25 and what we could see in FY '26? And when do you think we'll reach the 
peak run rate, sir, probably which quarter, month or something? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Thank you. Again, thank you for a very perceptive question. We used to do about -- and let me 
just sort of step back a little and quickly give you some background and context. Historically, 
the best turnover we had achieved was like about INR80 crores, Sudhir? 
Sudhir Mirjankar: 
Yes. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Because we had reached about INR80 crores exports. And then for various reasons, the Ukraine 
war, the China geopolitics, the life cycle change going, all of that hit us together, and we kind 
of plummeted down to like less than INR5 crores. But we knew it was sort of temporary because 
we had a lot of development going on. So from that less than INR5 crores, this year, we expect 
about INR13 crores? 
Sudhir Mirjankar: 
Yes. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes.  we were expecting our budget was actually about INR40 crores exports for this year. But 
unfortunately, because of this -- coming out of the China source and handing over to India and 
doing this, you can imagine that the customer locations are in this huge part of the United States, 
which itself is a huge country. 
And then you are switching from a source in China to a source in India, so logistics is extremely 
complex and it has to be very carefully orchestrated. So, that has taken a little bit of time. 
So instead of doing the INR40 crores in this quarter, it will end at around INR13 crores. And as 
I mentioned, the total value of this -- so remember what this is. We have got all the production 
approval, which means the production lines are in place. The mobilization has happened. There 
is material sitting in our warehouses. The schedules are coming in. 
And so it's like going into steady state even as we speak. And it will start maybe with around 
INR 6 crores to INR 7 crores a month. And then at its peak will go to INR 8 crores to INR 8.5 
crores a month. There are a couple of products where the customer is talking about a sharp spike 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
coming in next -- second half of this year, but we are waiting for how that thing will consolidate. 
These are still early days. 
So to answer your question, it will start at around INR 6 crores a month and then go to about 
INR 8 crores at the peak. And all this is going to unfold in FY '26. So, we are expecting about 
INR 80 crores to INR 90 crores in that range. That's the expectation for next year. 
Manish Goyal: 
For the entire year, INR 80 crores to INR 90 crores in exports, sir? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. 
Manish Goyal: 
And so parallelly, like how are domestic components doing, sir? And what is the outlook for 
that? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Domestic actually is showing -- thanks to extremely robust performance by -- and we are very 
proud of the achievement of Mahindra. I want to take a moment and tell you -- give you a very 
striking market insight, which I think a lot of the industry observers may not have noticed. One 
of the things we track is the top 20 models that make up the bulk of the Indian automotive 
industry, okay. 
And till like 18 months ago, the Japanese and Koreans used to dominate the top 20 models, 
Maruti and Hyundai. And it is a matter of great pride to tell you people that between our Tata 
and Mahindra, they have fought back and they are now increasingly dominating this space. 
The latest data we have shows that among the top 20 models, while Maruti continues to be the 
leader, the number two guy now is not any other Japanese or Korean, it is Mahindra. And 
Mahindra has 5 blockbuster products in this top 20, okay? Tata has about 2. And then, of course, 
Hyundai, Kia and Maruti make up the rest. There's no American or European player in this -- in 
the top 20 models. 
And we are, as I mentioned earlier, the Proprietary Powertrain Supplier of the Year award from 
Mahindra has come to us. And we are also helping Tata Motors in indigenizing the transmissions 
that go into their EVs. So, this is an enviable position to be in. And that is why I say that the 
domestic, we are extremely optimistic about the domestic business. 
We are also working with -- doing a lot of discussions that are going on with Toyota, Maruti, 
Isuzu. These are some other brands that we are working with. So given the circumstances and 
given what has happened in Q3, I think this is a good position to be in to try and to remedy our 
medium term and long term. So, this is how I look at the domestic. 
On overseas, we have a -- we continue -- the total number of RFQs that we have quoted on is in 
excess of INR600 crores. And a lot of hard work is underway to try and convert. So, we may 
have further announcements every quarter as we accomplish new business acquisitions. 
A very interesting update that is on our overseas is we are uncovering and unearthing 
opportunities in the American 4-wheel drive recreation and general utility market, where -- 
which segment is almost the size of India's SUV industry. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
And next week, my brother, Hiren, who's on this call, travels to the U.S. to pursue and look at 
how we need to position our products in that -- and that is all transfer cases, which I think we 
are the most competitive in the world. I have no hesitation in saying that, which is why also the 
Japanese are talking to us. 
Hiren, can you -- if you're on the call, you want to make a comment on that? Hiren, are you 
muted? You may need to unmute. 
Hirendra Divgi: 
Can everybody hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Hirendra Divgi: 
Okay. Sure. So the 4-wheel drive market is growing in the world. And let me introduce -- let me 
give just a very brief snapshot at what possibly you can use. So in India, we had kind of close to 
a monopoly position because of our 21 years joint venture with BorgWarner in bringing the most 
-- best technology in the world. 
But India remains a kind of -- 4-wheel drive systems in India is a niche market. And what we 
felt as a management is that we need to first locate ourselves in the fastest-growing markets in 
4-wheel drive. Taking into cognizance, the changes that are happening in the drivetrain systems 
because of the influence of electrification. 
And we feel that we have an approach that we are working on, that enables us to unearth, what 
I should call a blue ocean market for us where the global competition like BorgWarner, Magna, 
Aisin  are not looking at. These are more competitive markets in utility, in defense, slightly lower 
volume, more difficult to handle applications that I think we being plugged into the Indian 
ecosystem can handle this market much better. 
And having a presence in the U.S., we can kind of meet this market requirement much better. 
So, this is a process under investigation and as we make progress, we will keep everybody 
informed. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. This is Jiten Divgi here. In conclusion, I just want to reiterate and reaffirm the sort of 
promise that we had given investors. I know Q3 has been disappointing. The real solution, I 
think, to our -- the state of our business is to correct the top line. We have solid fundamentals.  
And as we discussed in our remarks and in answering questions, hopefully, you've got a flavor 
of what are some of those opportunities that we are working on short term, medium term and 
long term. And in subsequent quarters as we have these exchanges, we will have the opportunity 
to talk to you and update you on our progress. 
So in conclusion, I want to thank you for your support through these difficult times. And I'm 
quite optimistic and confident that we will not disappoint you going forward. So thank you very 
much. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 February 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Equirus Securities Private Limited, that 
concludes this conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
