 DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
  CIN – L72900DL1986PLC330369 
  Regd. Office: JA-122, 1st Floor, DLF Tower A, Jasola, New Delhi – 110025, Tel: +91 11 41251965 
  Corp. Office: Spice Global Knowledge Park, 19A & 19B, Sector – 125, Noida – 201301, Uttar Pradesh, India – Tel: +91 120 5029101 
  Email ID: complianceofficer@digispice.com  | Website: www.digispice.com 
Date: 24th February, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 517214 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: DIGISPICE 
Sub.: 
Transcript of the Investors/Analysts Conference Call held on 17th February, 2025 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In continuation to (a) our letter dated 12th February, 2025 intimating you about the schedule of the 
conference call for Investors/Analysts on 17th February, 2025 with senior management team ; and 
(b) our letter dated 14th February, 2025 sharing the investor presentation, please find attached 
herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
The 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://investorrelations.digispice.com/information.php?page=transcripts 
You are requested to kindly take the above on record and acknowledge the receipt of the same. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
(Ruchi Mehta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
RUCHI 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by RUCHI MEHTA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=9952, 
pseudonym=034ADED405131CD3EAD1BB334C
CF4F85, 
2.5.4.20=a3fe5361d4203c8603ad4d93465c6633
a4b632bf9884f7dd831b85bab49a9d85, 
postalCode=110091, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=CD0D3E0EE621CED09F7C59DE5
57F78E2914D4D9A98A3BE999B1AE4AD155B0F
45, cn=RUCHI MEHTA 
Date: 2025.02.24 19:25:16 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
DiGiSPICE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Zoom Webinar 
 
 
February 17th , 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Participants:  
Mr. Dilip Modi 
Chairman, DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
Mr. Sunil Kapoor 
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer, Spice Money Limited 
Ms. Aastha Garg 
Head Investor Relations, Spice Money Limited 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Zoom Webinar 
February  17th  2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, everyone. A very warm welcome to the Earnings Zoom Webinar of DiGiSPICE 
Technologies Limited for Q3 & 9M FY25. We have with us Mr. Dilip Modi – Chairman of 
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited (‘DiGiSpice’ or ‘DiGiSpice Technologies’), Mr. Sunil Kapoor – 
Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer, Spice Money Limited (‘Spice Money’) and 
Ms. Aastha Garg – Head, Investor Relations, Spice Money Limited. Before we begin, I would 
like to state that some of the statements made in today's discussion may be forward looking 
in nature. The actual results may vary as they are dependent on several external factors. A 
statement in this regard has been included in the Result Presentation sent to you earlier. We 
will commence the call with the management taking you through the operational and 
financial performance for the period under review, following which we will have an 
interactive Q&A session. I would now like to invite Mr. Dilip Modi to commence the 
presentation. Over to you, Dilip. Thank you. 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Amit. Thank you so much. Let me welcome you all. Good evening to the Quarter 3 
Earnings Call for DiGiSPICE Technologies. It's always a pleasure to connect with all of you. 
Some of you have regularly been attending these presentations on a quarterly basis. Thank 
you for your time and thank you for your interest in joining us. I know there are many other 
investor presentations happening at the same time, so thank you for taking out the time to 
hear us out.  
 
Friends, we are building something really exciting at DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited in a part 
of India that is small towns, and we are really taking the benefits of technology and the use of 
digital to drive financial services deep into Bharat.  
 
Today DiGiSPICE Technologies has become a focused FinTech company where we are building 
a leading FinTech platform under the brand Spice Money. We are progressing on this quarter-
on-quarter.  
 
I would love to share with you today on some of the new products that we have launched in 
this financial year and give you some sense of the progress that we have seen in Quarter 3 on 
those products.  

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
As a company, we are focused on digital financial inclusion, a very critical theme for our 
country, and we are truly using the power of technology to drive penetration of formal 
financial services into deep India.  
 
So, let me start my presentation by taking you through an executive summary of where we 
are closed on this quarter. So, effectively, friends, just to kind of recap, DiGiSPICE 
Technologies is building its fintech business under the brand Spice Money. This is a company 
that has built a digital financial services platform which onboard small merchants in small 
town India and they double up as assisted digital payment points for consumers in small 
towns.  
 
So, what it effectively means is millions of consumers in small towns in rural India are able to 
go to their nearby merchant to withdraw cash from their bank account, to deposit their EMIs, 
to pay the electricity bills, to open new bank accounts, and to get access to many more 
related services.  
 
So, effectively, as in urban India, we see huge digital payments play out, in small town in rural 
India, we are seeing merchants play a big role in helping digitize cash and in becoming a 
strong assisted digital payments network. DiGiSPICE through Spice Money has built one of 
India's leading assisted digital payments networks in small town India.  
 
So, if you look at the summary page, on the left-hand side are our four key strategic building 
blocks for what we are building out from a value creation point of view. The first is 
consolidating our share of the core digital assisted payments industry and maintaining market 
leadership, making sure we double down on operating leverage in our core business, using 
our extensive network and distribution channels and our tech platform to bring many more 
strategic products like savings and investments to the market with the right set of partners. 
 
Today our network is serving as a place where customers can withdraw cash and deposit 
cash, as well as pay their bills and open accounts. Going forward, as they open more 
accounts, we are looking to see how to make them into fully banked customers with respect 
to saving and investment products and many more related credit related journeys for them.  
 
As a third building block, credit continues to be an important part of our journey going 
forward. We are in the process of working with the regulator to look at a strategic NBFC 
acquisition from within the group so that we can use it as a platform to create our own credit 
products for our captive merchant base, as well as MSME around the merchants.  
 
And finally, something that I would love to talk to you about on this call is, how we are 
entering the UPI space. We are building something truly unique, which will allow us to 
expand the UPI consumers. Today, as a country, UPI, which is our pride, we have seen over 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
400 million consumers adopt the UPI platform to do digital payments, but there is an 
opportunity to bring in another 300 million to the UPI platform.  
 
We, at Spice Money, are now committed to contribute to that part of the challenge and the 
opportunity. And we have got our license from the regulator, which is the Prepaid Instrument 
License, which is now interoperable on UPI. And we have launched our Spice Pay product that 
I will talk to you briefly about today, which is our entry to UPI.  
 
So, just as a quick update on Quarter 3, you know, we continue to be a market leader in the 
Aadhaar-enabled payment system business with a market share of above 17%. Like you have 
the UPI stack, you have the Aadhaar-enabled payment system stack where customers are 
using their biometrics seeded into the bank accounts to transact with their bank account, 
whether it's to deposit cash or to withdraw cash.  
 
We at Spice Money have a leading market share of 17%, and we have held this. In fact, now 
we have got closer to 18% market share, and we are looking to continue to focus on growing 
this. From just being a cash deposit and a cash withdrawal network, Spice Money has become 
today one of the largest collections networks in small town India.  
 
So, today, we have also started, our merchants have started also functioning as collection 
points for strategic partners like MFIs and NBFCs in small towns. And we have seen significant 
growth in our collections business, a growth of close to 80% year-on-year. Also, in addition to 
AePS, we have seen our collections becoming a big part of our story.  
 
The third one is Current Account Savings Account. This has been a significant focus product 
for us in the last one year. And again, we have seen significant year-on-year growth, triple-
digit percentage growth in the number of accounts we have opened for our strategic partners 
in the last nine months to a year. Currently, we are opening over 2,000 accounts a day.  
 
So, effectively, if you look at our network over the last 5 years, it has consolidated its position 
in helping people engage with their bank account. So, instead of going to a bank branch or an 
ATM machine, consumers are finding it much more convenient in small towns in rural India to 
go to their merchant who signed up on the Spice Money digital platform to transact with 
their bank account. This is using their biometrics seeded into the bank account and we have a 
leading share there.  
 
Now over the last year, we have also doubled up this network from a collections point of view 
and also from a point of view of opening new bank accounts. So, from being an ATM network, 
it is becoming a CDN network to also becoming an effectively a bank branch network, helping 
consumers not only transact with existing bank accounts, but also open new accounts.  

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Spice Pay, which is our UPI offering, we have now launched this. We have done our beta 
launches in select districts in the States of Bihar and Madhya Pradesh, which are our 
strongholds markets from a network point of view. I would like to talk a bit about that.  
 
And then finally, from a corporate actions point of view, we have applications which have 
been filed in with the regulator with respect to the NBFC acquisition. And also finally, in terms 
of amalgamation of Spice Money, which is today sitting as a subsidiary of DiGiSPICE 
Technologies to merge it into DiGiSPICE. Effectively, you know, our subsidiary which is Spice 
Money, our FinTech business, will get merged into DiGiSPICE Technologies.  
 
This process is well on its way since August 2024, and we are going through the necessary 
statutory approvals, and we will keep you updated through the stock exchange 
announcements as and when we get the approvals coming through. So, effectively, you 
know, DiGiSPICE is now a very focused fintech company, and we are focused on meeting the 
unmet formal financial needs of Bharat using technology.  
 
Over the last 5 years, if we move to the next slide, our main asset that we have built is our 
strong digital merchant network, which is doubling up as an assisted digital payments 
network in a small town, India. If you see between FY '20 to December 2024, we have grown 
from close to 240,000 merchants to now over 1.5 million merchants who have been 
onboarded on our Spice Money digital platforms.  
 
Effectively, you can think about it as 1.5 million small shops in small towns and rural India 
effectively serving as digital payment and banking points for millions of consumers. This is a 
network that we have grown at a CAGR of over 55% and something that now we are looking 
to consolidate.  
 
If you look at the right-hand side, you see that we have got deep presence across North, 
Central and East India. And now we are deepening our presence in West and South of India. 
So, our goal is to make sure that we can get as close to consumers in small towns and rural 
areas to be able to give them access to digital payment and banking points. And effectively, 
these are consumers who tomorrow will go digital, and they will look at both our merchants 
as points where they can transact but also points which can assist them in their digital 
journey. 
 
Before we get into the details of Quarter 3, I would like to share with you our entry into the 
UPI space. We believe that today India with over 400 million consumers is all set to figure out 
the next journey and that journey will come from Bharat, it will come from small towns. 
Today, there are multiple reasons which are holding back consumers from getting onto UPI, 
and we are trying to solve for some of them.  

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
So, because we have an extended merchant network through which we get access to millions 
of consumers who transact on our network, we are effectively playing a role in digitizing cash 
at the last mile. Our goal is to ensure that we also play a role in onboarding many of these 
consumers onto UPI.  
 
So, on the next slide, I would like to share with you the journey that we have started with 
Spice Pay, an initiative within Spice Money. This is our UPI offering. It is a unique product that 
we designed to secure UPI transactions without exposing your bank accounts. Effectively, it 
runs on a prepaid instrument wallet. Three years back, this wallet was made interoperable 
with UPI which basically means instead of just bank-to-bank transactions, you can have bank-
to-wallet and wallet-to-bank.  
 
Now for a cash-first consumer who has never used a digital payment instrument, we have 
created a product where now he can open a full KYC PPI wallet, load it with cash, and start 
doing digital payments. This is something that we are piloting in two of our strong markets in 
Bihar and Madhya Pradesh. And a few of the services that we have gone live with our full KYC 
wallet is around to send and receive money, add cash, bill payments and recharge, including 
scan and pay.  
 
So, I would like you to visualize that, today, many cash-first consumers who want to do digital 
payments, what are their options? Because still they don't, you know, most of the UPI 
platforms today are focusing on moving money from bank to wallet, while many cash-first 
consumers are looking for opportunity to add cash to wallet and be able to do digital 
payments from there.  
 
If you see between October to January, which has been our beta period, we have already 
opened over 13,000 wallets out of which 10,000 wallets are active. These are small numbers 
for now, but this is a pilot phase, but just to give you a sense that, you know, we are already 
beginning to see, if you see the services box on the left-hand bottom side, you already see 
people adding cash to the wallet and doing scan and pay. These are first time UPI users, many 
of them, you know, who are now getting exposed to UPI.  
 
So, we built a very simple interface on the right-hand side, as you can see, where the Spice 
Pay app allows first time UPI users to create a digital payment instrument which allows them 
a digital account, which allows them to load cash as well as then use it to send money, scan 
and pay as well as pay their bills and to recharge. Effectively we are seeing this as a way for 
consumers to get the confidence to start doing digital transactions.  
 
We have many learnings that are already on the way. We have many more services that we 
are looking to go live on this. We look at this as more a kind of a neo banking kind of a 
platform where we want to build this into a full stack financial services platform, adding many 
more savings, investments, insurance, and credit products going forward.  

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
So, we really want consumers in small towns who have yet not started availing of the benefits 
of UPI to, you know, use this product which has been designed keeping a cash-first consumer 
in mind to get onto UPI and do transactions without exposing their bank account because one 
of the things that they have been concerned about is fraud and the journey that we have 
seen where they work closely with our merchants to do digital transactions, how we can build 
that confidence with them alongside with our merchants who will also play as points to help 
them to get out to the Spice Pay platform and do digital transactions on their own.  
 
So, this is the journey that we have started. This is our baby steps into the UPI space. We are 
already leading in the AePS space. We built out in the collection space, and now we have 
entered the UPI space with our own offering. And this is something that we will keep you 
updated as we go forward. It's one of our big strategic goals going forward, and we believe 
that we can build a strong business where not only do we have merchants on our digital 
platform, but also millions of end consumers who are cash-first to be onboarded on our 
digital platform and therefore, play our role in digitizing Bharat when it comes to digital 
financial services. 
 
So, I would love to talk more about this in the Q&A session, but now I would like to hand over 
to Aastha to walk us through the business and services update for Quarter 3. Over to you, 
Aastha.  
Aastha Garg: 
Good evening, everybody. Thank you, Dilip, for that. And now I will run everybody through 
the detailed business how we have performed in the 9 months and the quarter ended 
December. So, can we move to the next slide, please?  
 
So, here, we are looking at the GTV trends, how our business has grown over the last 4 years 
is on the left-hand side, we can see that over the 4 years, approximately at a 33% CAGR, we 
have grown our GTVs. And if you see the Financial Year ‘24, collections as a part of GTV 
started contributing significantly. And now coming to the quarter performance, we can see 
that in Quarter 3, FY '25, collections GTV has come close to 15 crores on the total GTV of 32 
crores.  
 
So, we are saying say that collections as a part of our business is now contributing 
approximately 46% to 47% of total volumes. And it's come close to the AePS business. So, it's 
as big as our AePS and Micro ATM business now. So, this is one big development that has 
happened in the last 3-4 quarters. And we have been working towards building collections as 
a focused product in the last 3-4 quarters. And that's what is showing here.  
 
On the overall growth of 21% in the quarter that we have done, 43% growth has come from 
the collections business. And we have also grown 16% against the same quarter of the 
previous year. So, that's how we have trended on GTVs. Can we come to the next slide, 
please?  

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Here, in line with the GTVs, we are also seeing the GM trends. So, over the last four years, 
again on GM trends, in line with the GTVs, GM has also grown approximately at 30% CAGR. 
And on the right-hand side where we see the quarter performance, we can see how each 
bucket has contributed to our GM.  
 
Now, so if we see that 44 crores of GM that we have done this quarter, it's grown by almost 
2% as compared to the previous quarter and 5% as compared to the previous year same 
quarter. So, here we can see that approximately 10 crores has now started coming from 
collections as a business. Though we are still very strong with our AePS and Micro ATM GTVs 
and GMs, but that's towards a flat trend, but GM from collections is now growing. So, it's 
grown 16% quarter-on-quarter.  
 
And if you see also one more thing that we would like to call out here is subscription packs. 
Subscription as revenue, if you see, has grown approximately 80% as in this last one year. So, 
if we see last same year Quarter 3, we were doing approximately 2.5 crores from subscription 
packs while it has almost reached to 4.5 crores from subscriptions that we are selling to 
merchants for subscribing to our business of AePS and mATM.  
 
And hence, we are building a long-term value with them so that they keep associated with 
our business and we are able to get repeat business from them and they are our long-running 
customers when they subscribe to these packs. So, this is also a pie that is now increasing and 
has become approximately 10% of our GM. Can we move to the next slide, please? Yes. 
 
So, here we are showing how we have trended on GM as a contribution from each product 
that we get. So, if we see in the three business lines that I called in the previous slide also, 
collections, subscription packs and banking are the three business lines where our GMs have 
increased as compared to the last year same quarter.  
 
We have doubled down on these business lines. We have started increasing our banking 
accounts also. And from that, now we are generating almost 4% of our GM, 10% from 
subscription packs and 22% from the collections business. So, that's how these three pies are 
continuously increasing as a focused product that we are driving. Can we go to the next slide?  
 
Here we are looking at CMS business in detail. So, if we see the GTVs of CMS have increased 
by approximately 51% as compared to the previous quarter and approximately 80% as 
compared to the last year same quarter. When we try CMS, our major goal is to drive large 
CMS counters or SMAs who are giving us approximately 90% of our collections business.  
 
So, if you see that here the last CMS counters have increased by 20% quarter-on-quarter and 
approximately 32% year-on-year. So, these are the counters which are today giving us 94% of 
our total CMS GTV. These are big counters who contribute to, you know, the cash collections 
that are happening on ground and they are growing consistently. So, this has been the focus 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
for us. And again, if we see the financial, again, if we see the transacting enterprises also, 
those have also increased and we are trying to get more and more partners on board. Next 
slide, please.  
 
On BBPS, we have almost trended flat this quarter. BBPS, electricity and others have had a 
seasonal impact because of this quarter being a lighter one. But on EMI and others, we have 
remained a little flat this quarter.  
 
The focus here for us is to grow and maintain our repeat customer base so that we work with 
them again and again, and we are able to drive that repeat behavior that they come to our 
platform for doing these bill payments. And on that, if we see year-on-year, we have grown 
approximately 23% as compared to the previous year same quarter. Can we move to the next 
slide, please?  
 
Now coming onto the banking business. So, now if we see the banking business in detail, we 
have approximately opened 7.8 lakh saving accounts till date and approximately 50K current 
accounts till date.  
 
One big thing that we have started generating float income, which is a recurring set of 
revenue stream for us from these accounts. So, almost 130 crores is a balance that we 
maintain in these accounts today, and which is helping us generate a float value also. That's a 
revenue stream, recurring revenue stream. 
 
And then if we look at the Adhikaris who have opened 5+ accounts, that number has reached 
to approximately 27K Adhikaris who now are basically working with us on a repeat basis and 
opening more and more accounts on our platform. So, that's showing a behavior of a repeat 
or a large banking counter. So, we have approximately 27,000 big banking counters today. 
Can we move to the next slide, please?  
 
So, coming to credit now, credit, as Dilip already mentioned, has been a focused product that 
we have been trying to build in the last couple of years. And if we see the performance today, 
we have now started focusing majorly on the secured loans and on secured loan distribution 
with multiple partners.  
 
So, here we see on the right-hand side, quarter-on-quarter, we have approximately grown 
1.9x, almost 2x in the secured loan business as compared to the previous year's same quarter 
and almost held ourselves as compared to the last quarter. A little de-growth looking there 
because a couple of partners that we have had a journey with, but this is a business that we 
are now focusing to grow more and more. And looking at the current trends, we have 
reached approximately 20 crores a month kind of a GTV from secured products distribution. 
So, this is one focus area that we are driving in credit business. Can we come to the next slide, 
please?  

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
And here we will talk about our key product, that is AePS. This is a product where we have 
been a market leader and looking at this quarter performance, if we see Q-on-Q, we have 
grown approximately 11.5% as compared to the industry growing by approximately 9.6%. 
And our market share has also grown as compared to the previous quarter by approximately 
30 bps.  
 
So, this is a space where there have been major regulations have been coming, and this space 
even after a lot of these transaction limits coming in and transactional 2FA coming and going 
and we have been able to stay and hold our market share in this core product.  
 
Our transactions size also, if we see the transactions attempted have also grown quarter-on-
quarter by approximately 8.6%. So, we know that the customers are still coming on our 
platform to do AePS and they are increasing quarter-on-quarter. And the success ratio of 
transactions also is maintained.  
 
Also, if we see the large AePS SMAs, they have grown by approximately 25% this quarter. So, 
we see after the transactional 2FA going out, we have seen a growth in this metric and again, 
big counters have started increasing their GTVs. So, that's where we are with our major 
product AePS.  
 
Now, I would like to hand over to Sunil for the financials presentation. Thank you so much.  
Sunil Kapoor: 
Hello. Good evening, everyone. This slide contains about the consolidated financial highlights. 
If we see the Quarter 3 Financial Year ‘25, there is a customer GTV of 31,951 against 26,258 
crores in the previous quarter. There is a growth of 16%.  
 
However, our revenue has grown 7% quarter-on-quarter and 2% on Y-on-Y. And 
consequently, the gross margin has increased by 3% from Rs. 43 crores to Rs.44 crores. And if 
you compare it with the Y-on-Y, it's a 5% increase and indirect cost from Rs. 46.4 crores to 
Rs.45.9 crores, which is almost flat. And EBITDA has improved due to the gross margin and 
some bit of reduction in indirect costs from (-3.2) crores to (-1.9) crores and consequently, 
EBIT Rs. 40 lakhs in the last quarter moved to Rs. 2.8 crores in this quarter and PAT from the 
continued business is a positive in this quarter of almost Rs. 1 crore against Rs. (-1.5) crores in 
the previous quarter. And PAT discontinued business is Rs. 90 lakhs in this quarter and overall 
PAT is Rs. 10 lakh rupees positive and PAT in the earlier quarter was Rs. (-1.6) crores. So, the 
point is to be highlighted with respect to YTD figures, if we see that PAT continued and 
discontinued business is Rs. (-25.7) crores in the previous nine months and in this nine 
months we are trending about Rs. (-1) crores. And if we see on the tenth line item, which is a 
notional gain loss on investments which is mark-to-market recognition of investment what 
we have made that has nothing to do with the cash flows or the profitability of the company. 
But from the accounting standpoint of considering after this notional loss, PAT is Rs. (-26.6) 
crores for 9 months and Rs. (-25.7) crores in the previous 9 months. 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Can you move to the next slide please? If we, what I have presented in the previous slide, if 
we see this slide, we have a breakup into the platform business and the relatively new 
initiatives what we are trying to build is Spice Pay and credit distribution. If we see that we 
are investing for these two, these two new initiatives that is resulting into investment of Rs. 
3.3 crores of EBITDA loss in quarter 3, financial year 25 and for nine months is Rs. 8.1 crores. 
So this shows about our investments into the new initiatives, and which may be generating 
the revenue and the gross margin and contributing on overall operating efficiency of the 
company going forward. Thank you. I am handing it over to Amit. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
Thank you, Sunil. With this, we will now open the floor for the Q&A session. Any participant 
who wishes to ask a question may please raise their hand and I will ask the console to put you 
front to ask the question or alternatively you may ask write your question in the chat box 
which I will read through to be answered. Any participant who wishes to ask a question may 
raise their hand or write the question in the chat box. We will wait for some time till the 
question queue is assembling.  
Amit K. Sharma:                    We have our first question from Aniket Redkar. DiGiSPICE has a 17% market share in Aadhaar-
enabled payment system, which is AePS. What strategies are being implemented to further 
strengthen this position? 
Dilip Modi: 
Aniket, I will take that to begin with. So, thank you so much for your question. Aniket, the 
way we see the Adhaar-enabled payment system today, if you see the country, the headline 
point is that over 550 million Jan Dhan accounts, but over a billion biometrics registered. And 
most of the accounts have their biometrics seeded in it. So, like in UPI, the transactions 
happen when your mobile number is seeded in your bank account. AePS is a way to transact 
with your bank account using your biometric. This is an industry of close to 60,000 crores a 
month, which is basically 60,000 crores worth of AePS. Cash withdrawal transactions are 
happening, both on-us and off-us. And when we talk about our 17% share, it is basically off 
the off-us market, which is approximately about 23,000 crores out of 60,000 crores. The way 
we see this market is that there are players who have entered this space at a regional level. 
We are one of the few national players who have a national presence. We see an opportunity 
because now this space is also going to get consolidated due to a lot of self-regulation as well 
as a need to bring in more products to drive cross-sell for the merchants to grow income as 
more and more merchants are enabling customers to withdraw cash, they also are providing 
other services. And for us, as we are growing our lines, especially like collections, feeding in a 
good working capital source for the other merchants as well to do this business. So I think 
there's a lot of need for innovation, new products, need for self-regulation, a lot of focus on 
compliance, which companies like ours are fully doubling down on and make so that we build 
this business in a very responsible way. 
So, we're very confident if you look at our market share at a state level, there are many states 
in the Northern East where our market share is upwards of 20%. And in the south, it's sub 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
10%. So, we are looking at a state-by-state strategy of how to grow AePS market share. And 
therefore, what you see at 17% is at an all-India level. But as you see that as we get more 
denser coverage in South and West, those markets will also start improving market share 
beyond 10%, which will help us go closer to 20% plus market share on an all-India basis. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
Thank you, Dilip, for the detailed answer. The next question is from Naman. I would like 
console to open his audio. 
Naman: 
So, my first question pertains to the CMS GTV. So, it's a huge leap, 51% quarter-on-quarter. I 
understand that it was led by an increase in the number of large SMEs. But what I ask you is 
that the increase in the number of large SMEs, was it a result of conscious action that was 
taken or otherwise and what kind of traction can we expect in the next 3 to 4 quarters? 
Thank you. 
Dilip Modi: 
So, Naman, thank you for that question. The growth in GTV is a combination of both growth 
in large SMEs as well as growth in business per enterprise. So, one of the things that we are 
doing is we are doubling down on some of the larger enterprises and doing more with them 
to drive more stickiness. So, it's a combination of both growth in collection points as well as 
growth in business per enterprise. So, both of them continue to be drivers as we go forward. 
Aastha, you want to just add to that? 
Aastha Garg: 
Yes, so Naman, here as Dilip rightly mentioned, we have added some couple of big 
enterprises who have helped us grow business significantly in this last quarter, and that's 
reflecting in how we have been able to increase business size per counter also. So overall, 
both the counter volume, and the numbers of counters have grown in this quarter leading to 
that significant growth in GTV and GTV forming a significant portion of our overall GTV also. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
Thank you, Aastha. Naman, hope that answered your question. Any further questions?  
I think we will move on to the next participant. Before that, I would like to request 
participants to ask a question please raise your hand. 
Naman: 
So, my next question relates to the recent GST order that was received by DiGiSPICE 
amounting to somewhat Rs. 4.3 crores. Any updates that you can give about that? 
Sunil Kapoor: 
May I take this question? 
Dilip Modi: 
Yes, Sunil, go ahead. 
Sunil Kapoor: 
So, this GST notice what we have received for the, some of the export services, what we were 
doing with the erstwhile discontinued business. And we have provided, because we were not 
given enough opportunity to, kind of put our view on the record. But we are hopeful that we 
have now provided almost all the details with respect to the collections, whatever the export 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
was there, and we are very hopeful that this case will be in our favor and whatever the 
provisions we have to follow, we have followed that. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
Thank you, Sunil. Okay, thank you, Naman. So that answers the question. Before we move on 
to Pratik for the next question, I would like to request participants to ask a question, they 
may raise their hand or put their question in the chat box. Next question comes from Pratik 
Giri. The impact of 2FA on remittance, are you seeing this receding now or is it still leading to 
the decline in remittance volumes? 
Dilip Modi: 
So, Pratik, the two-factor authentication was something that came in at a transaction basis 
for our AePS business, which now has moved on from not having to apply on every 
transaction to just the first transaction of the day. So, as Aastha showed in the AePS numbers, 
we have already seen the impact of that quarter-on-quarter on quarter 3 versus quarter 2, in 
terms of growth in volumes of business. So effectively, now we just have a two-factor 
authentication on the first transaction, not on every transaction. We will have to wait and 
watch how the volumes continue to look at going forward because there continue to be 
transaction limits set by the banks and all that. As an industry overall, Pratik, we have to 
closely watch fraud to sales ratios. We are working in a part of India that's very financially 
vulnerable. So, we have to make sure that we stay on top of it. We at Spice Money continue 
to invest in our kind of fraud monitoring models and systems to make sure that we can keep 
the ratios under control. So, I think this was something which was put in more to control 
fraud to sales, which I think now has been controlled. I think the growth in volumes will be 
more driven by other events like growth in subsidies at a state level or overall growth in 
remittances. So, I think the impact of 2FA has kind of waived off once it's been removed from 
a per transaction basis to just the first transaction of the day. Aastha, you want to add to that, 
any point that I may have missed? 
Aastha Garg: 
I think you've covered the points. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
Thanks, Dilip. Before we move to the next question, I would like to request participants to ask 
a question, they may raise their hand or write questions in the chat box. Next question comes 
from Aniket Redkar. So, he says, thank you, sir. Can you elaborate on the impact of UPI 
adoption and zero balance savings accounts on transaction volumes and revenue growth? 
Dilip Modi: 
Okay, so effectively, Aniket, we believe that as an industry, we have to solve for growth in 
number of UPI users from 400 million to 700 million as a country. So, the next 300 million 
users on UPI will come from Bharat. I think the way we are seeing the growth in zero balance 
savings accounts, and we showed in our presentation that we're doing close to 2000 accounts 
a day. This is just demand for more accounts because now, as an ecosystem, we are pushing 
for more transactions, going digital, moving from cash to a cashless economy. So more and 
more people have accounts, more and more receiving their salaries into accounts, benefits 
into accounts and all of that. So that's driving the adoption of accounts. UPI as digital 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
payments is growing more and more services are going digital, even on many platforms like 
BBPS, things like gas booking and all no longer are enabled through cash payments, you have 
to make digital payments. So, there is a need for a digital payment instrument, whether it's 
an account or a wallet, to make a digital payment. So, if you have to grow digital payments, 
we have to move cash to digital. And so, to us, whether it's a zero-balance savings account or 
a PPI wallet interoperable on UPI, I think both of them can help the consumers make digital 
payments. I think this will definitely have an impact on transaction volumes as Aastha showed 
us that the float balances on the accounts that have been opened have grown to over 130 
crores. And so therefore this does have implications on revenue with respect to float income. 
On transaction volumes, of course, the whole idea is that as we open up more wallets, we will 
see transaction growth happening and subsequent to that revenue growth will follow. So to 
us, fundamentally, we are working to see how we can enable more and more digitization in 
small towns by enabling customers to have access to more digital accounts, whether it's a 
full-fledged bank account or a wallet. Both serve the purpose of enabling people to do UPI 
and make digital payments. So, we'll continue to focus on that, and I believe that will lead to 
both transaction and revenue growth down the line. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
Thank you Dilip, for that answer. Next question is a repeat from Aniket. Are there any plans 
to expand into adjacent fintech verticals, such as insurance distribution, wealth management, 
or AI-driven financial services? 
Dilip Modi: 
Absolutely, Aniket. There is so much of work happening in the AI space. And we are very 
encouraged by a part of the start-up ecosystem also looking at local language models and 
also looking at how we can use AI to drive down cost to serve and be able to innovate for 
small ticket financial products. So, we are committed, we are a tech-first company, we are 
committed to leverage AI and are working to find partners in this space. We will work 
through collaboration both on product and technology. Insurance and distribution and wealth 
management is something there are lots of players out there. Multiple mutual fund 
companies, multiple insurance companies who are looking to access Bharat, access small 
merchants, small consumers. So, as a tech-first platform, our goal is to integrate with them 
and therefore leverage our network, distribution reach and our platform to be able to offer 
more services. We have started with collections, moved to banking. And within banking, we 
started by opening accounts. We have started by distributing credit. Now, do you know 
whether it's FD, RD, mutual funds, insurance, this is the direction we are going to move. And 
AI is going to be a big part of our strategy going forward because we are serving a market 
which needs us to keep reducing cost to serve and increase the reach and penetration of 
these services to many consumers. So, as we have seen with AePS, it's enabled us to bring 
down the cost of delivering an ATM service to the masses of India. So, technology is the 
answer to help us reduce costs and drive reach. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
In this series, last question from Aniket is, how is DiGiSPICE leveraging technology to enhance 
digital lending and microfinance services? What growth potential do you see in these areas? 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Dilip Modi: 
Aniket, one of the things that we are very committed to is striving formal penetration of 
formal credit into small merchants in small towns. We have 1.5 million small merchants 
already on-boarded on our platform and there's a lot of data around these merchants we 
have. Many of them are new to the Bureau as well. And therefore, how do we unlock the 
power of alternate data to be able to give them access to formal credit products? There are 
many lenders out there who do not lend to them because of lack of collateral, lack of 
adequate data around them, lack of access, because there aren't enough branches in small 
towns and in rural areas. So obviously digital is going to be the way forward. I think 
microfinance has been a big revolution in India, but I think with technology, there's an 
opportunity to create a kind of 2.0 revolution. So, I think here we have started with, working 
with partners on the secured lending side. I think using alternate data, we will look at how we 
can work with partners on the unsecured lending side? Do we want to be a little careful 
around that? We closely watch the regulators' guidance around making sure that there is no 
over leverage as well as doing proper income assessment. So, because we have merchants 
transacting on our platform, it gives us opportunity to also do some of those things better. So, 
we are taking this journey forward and credit is going to be definitely the next growth engine 
for us. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
Thank you, Dilip. Before we move into the next question, I would like to request participants 
to ask a question, they may raise their hand or put their question in the chat box. I will now 
take Utsav Behati's question before Aniket Redkar. Utsav asks, sir, are there any pressure on 
the margins? GTV has grown by 16% YoY, whereas revenue and profitability are not in line? 
Dilip Modi: 
Aastha, do you want to pick up on the point of product mix and impact on margins and 
revenue? 
Aastha Garg: 
Yes. So Utsav, here though our GTV has grown more and we, as you rightly mentioned, the 
revenue and profitability is not in line with revenue growth. But what has happened is in the 
product mix, if you see now collections is becoming a product where we are constantly 
growing GTVs. But collections as a product in compared to other products such as banking or 
AePS, where we are traditionally a leader, collections is a smaller margin product. So, what 
happens is when we grow too much on CMS, the margin is growing, but due to the change in 
the product mix, the overall GM is not growing in line with the growth in GTVs. So that's what 
has happened in the last quarter. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
Thank you, Aastha. Again, a request to participants. In order to ask a question, you may 
please raise your hand or put your question on the chat box. The next question comes from 
Aniket Redkar. In terms of going digital, given the potential surge in digital payments, 
especially with platforms like WhatsApp entering the market, what are DiGiSPICE's plan to 
enhance its digital payment services? How does the company plan to differentiate itself in an 
increasingly competitive landscape? 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Dilip Modi: 
Aniket, thank you for that question. It's a very important question because UPI has been 
around for some time now and lots of players who are using UPI as a way to act on many 
transactions. I think our differentiation is really the ecosystem that we are in. See, there's no 
barrier to entry of any UPI player anywhere. But despite that, we do not see the UPI numbers 
growing in terms of numbers beyond a level because there are some infrastructure gaps. 
Many bank accounts, but not many active debit cards needed to activate UPI. Many banks are 
not technically ready yet on UPI, some of the smaller rural banks. So, for us, Spice Pay, which 
is our digital wallet strategy interoperable with UPI, where you can add cash to wallet and 
scan and pay. If you look at telecom, historically, we were initially telecom was a postpaid 
market and when it moved to prepaid, even at a Panwala shop, you could top up your card to 
be able to recharge your phone. So, since I got it all, we have seen more of the remittances 
business growth. Recently, we have seen a lot of state-level subsidies growing in the South as 
well, which is leading to the growth in the AePS business in the South. We at Spice Money are 
both in the cash withdrawal, but also in the remittances space. And with the recent 
regulatory changes in the remittances space, we believe we have an opportunity to use our 
wallet product to really create a strong proposition on the remittances side, something that 
we'll come and talk to you in the next quarter. And I think there will be a good market for that 
in the South and allow us to enter the South in a sound way. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
Thank you, Dilip. Next question comes from Suraj Shinde. I would like to request console to 
unmute Suraj Shinde's. Console, can you please unmute Suraj Shinde's platform? Suraj, you 
are unmuted. You may please ask your question. 
Suraj Shinde: 
Just wanted to understand that in your presentation, you have mentioned that your Aadhaar-
enabled business is contributing around 56% to 60% to the topline and the collection 
business is contributing to nearly 20% to your topline. And also, you have ventured into the 
other business segments. So just wanted to understand over the years, when will other 
ventures will contribute on the absolute basis as far as this Aadhaar-enabled? 
Dilip Modi: 
With the relevant suite of products and obviously with that comes new customers. As we are 
looking at our UPI product, that in itself will help us bring a new cohort of consumers. And 
with credit distribution, we'll be able to engage with branches of many partners to also cater 
to their consumers. So, across the board, we are working on the way, both in terms of 
expansion of network, as well as our customer base. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
Thank you, Dilip. So, another question from Suraj. If from the current 17% in AePS market, 
market share, if from current 17% market share, if we have to gain market share to, say, 20-
22 or higher market share, what will be the efforts required in terms of Adhikaris and other 
drivers? 
Dilip Modi: 
So, Suraj, as I mentioned, if you look at our 17% market share, this is at an all-India level. We 
have many states in the North, East, Central where our market share is already 20% to 22% 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
So, we have already seen that how at a state level we have been able to cross 20% in terms of 
AePS market share. What efforts we are doing there are efforts that we have to do in the rest 
of India, which is in South and West, which is working with partners onboard more Adhikaris 
and working with Adhikaris to onboard more customers. So, it's a playbook that we have 
created in the North and East that we will try and replicate in South and West with a whole 
new plethora of products that we believe are more relevant for those markets. 
Amit K. Sharma: 
So, thank you, Dilip, for that answer. One last request to the participants, in order to ask a 
question, you may please raise your hand or ask question in the chat box. As there are no 
further questions. So, there's a repeat question from Suraj. If you are giving commissions to 
the Adhikari, they are doing business for us. If competitors come and give higher commission 
to the Adhikaris, they will move out. What are we doing to retain them? 
Dilip Modi: 
I think Suraj, this is where Aastha spoke about our strategy on subscriptions. I think if you see 
we have grown on subscriptions, double digit year-on-year significantly, those contributing 
about Rs. 2.2 crore quarter 3 last year, now Rs. 4.4 crore quarter 3 this year. And what 
happens with subscription, Suraj, is that the Adhikari starts getting more onto our platform 
because they've paid for a longer period of time, and they've got the benefits associated with 
that. So there's an incentive for them to keep transacting on our platform. So, we believe that 
subscriptions is a good way to grow both retention as well as lifetime value per merchant or 
per Adhikari. So this is a strategy that's working well for us and we'll continue to work on this. 
Amit K. Sharma 
Thank you, Dilip. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to 
hand over the call to Dilip for his closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Amit. Friends, I would say that we are on a journey for driving digital financial 
services into Bharat. Today if I look at Bharat, and we look at the GDP journey for our country 
and the journey towards becoming the third largest economy, Viksit Bharat, I think financial 
services is going to be the underpinning for that. Today at DiGiSPICE and Spice Money, we 
built a large digital financial services network in deep parts of Bharat. And I believe that 
through an API architecture, we will be able to integrate lots of formal financial services into 
small merchants and consumers in Bharat. So, we are working in a very important, interesting 
and evolving space. We have earned the right to be able to innovate and build for this space. 
And that's why we have doubled down on it. And that is why we have said we will focus on 
becoming a pure fintech company and growing our business in this space. So we really look 
forward to your continued interest in watching us evolve in this space. Any feedback, more 
than welcome, please do reach out to us even between calls. And we are a company, young 
company that's continuing to learn as we go along. And we look forward to this journey of 
growth, impact, and scale in the mid to long term. Thank you very much for your interest and 
hope to see you. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Amit K. Sharma: 
Thank you, Dilip. Thank you, everyone. With that, we conclude this call. You may now please 
disconnect the call. 
**** 
Note : 
This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should 
be read in conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The 
information contained in the transcript is a textual representation of the company's 
event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate transcription, there may be 
errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event.   
This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related 
to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements often address our 
expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as 
“expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” “shall” or 
“will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different 
degrees, uncertain. These uncertainties may cause our actual future results to be 
materially different that those expressed in our forward-looking statements. We do not 
undertake to update our forward-looking statements. 
 
