 
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
सचिवीय चवभाग                                             Secretarial Department  
प्रधान कार्ाालर्  
 
        
                Head Office 
 
                       
 F    +91 80 22248831 
112, जे सी रोड, बेंगलूरु - 560002 
               112 J C Road, Bengaluru - 560002   
 T    +91 80 22100250 
E-Mail - hosecretarial@canarabank.com               www.canarabank.com                       
 
Ref:: SD:646/647/11/12::2024-25                                                               29.01.2025 
The Vice President 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532483 
The Vice President 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
EXCHANGE PLAZA 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra [E] 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
Scrip Code: CANBK 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Q3 FY 2024-25 Earnings conference call with Analysts / Investors - Transcript 
Ref: 1. Our Letter SD:619/620/11/12::2024-25 dated 21.01.2025 &    
        2. Our Letter SD:642/643/11/12::2024-25 dated 27.01.2025 
 
 
With reference to above and pursuant to the applicable provisions of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, we herewith enclose the transcript of post results Earnings conference call 
Q3 FY2024-25 held on 27.01.2025.  
 
The transcript of Q3 FY2024-25 Earnings conference call is uploaded on Bank’s website and 
the same can be accessed through below link: 
 
 https://canarabank.com/pages/Earning-Conference-Call-Transcript 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
 
SANTOSH KUMAR BARIK 
COMPANY SECRETARY          
SANTOSH 
KUMAR BARIK
Digitally signed by 
SANTOSH KUMAR BARIK 
Date: 2025.01.29 
10:54:30 +05'30'

 
1 
 
Canara Bank Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
January 27, 2025 
 
 Moderator: 
 K Satyanarayana Raju – MD. We have with us Ashok Chandra - Executive Director, 
Mr. Hardeep Singh Ahluwalia - Executive Director… 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 No, Mr. Ashok Chandra is not there. He is gone already to PNB as MD.  
 Moderator: 
 Sorry sir.  Mr. Hardeep Singh Ahluwalia - Executive Director and Mr. Bhavendra 
Kumar - Executive Director, along with other senior management team out here. 
Without any further delay, I hand over the call to MD sir, post which we will open 
the floor for questions and answers. Over to you sir.  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Good afternoon to all of you sir. So, another consistent performance figures I would 
like to share with you as on the December Quarter performance. Our global business 
has grown at 9.3%, stood at 24.19 lakh crore. Our global deposits have grown at 
8.44%, stood at 13.69 lakh crore. Our global advances have grown at 10.45%, stood 
at 10.49 lakh crores. Our operating profit, again, regained and it is reflected more 
than 15.15% year-on-year growth, stood at 7,837 crores. Our net profit grew at 
12.25% year-on-year and stood at 4,104 crores. 
 Our PCR has reached all-time high of 91.26% with year-on-year improvement of 225 
basis points. Our Gross NPA has come down to 3.34%, year-on-year decline is 105 
basis points. Our net NPA has reached to the all-time low in the history of Canara 
Bank to 0.89%, with year-on-year decline of 43 basis points.  
 When we have grown the advances more than 10%, what we have given the 
guidance double digit at 10.45%, it was led by the RAM credit at 12.32%, and our 
Corporate has grown at 8.08%. This RAM credit as led by again retail credit with 
35.46%, mainly on the housing loan grown at 12.26% and vehicle loan grown at 
17.26%. Our earning per share stood at 17.59. This is against Rs. 2 face value. And 
our fee-based income showed a steady growth with year-on-year 23.31% and stood 
at 2,185 crores. Our slippage ratio first time it has come down below 1%. We are 
able to maintain that below 1%, and the year-on-year reduction is 28 basis points, 
we stood at 0.96%. Our credit cost again all-time low in the history of the Canara 
Bank to reach to a 0.89% at 8 basis points.  
 See, at the initial stages when we commenced out the financial year, while 
announcing the last financial year results, we have given a guidance in 13 

 
2 
 
parameters to the investors. The same 13 out of 13 for March, whatever we are 
given the guidance, out of the 13, 9 parameters already we surpassed or we have 
achieved whatever the guidance we have given it to achieve by the end of the 
March. We achieved well within that 3 months earlier only. Within 9 months itself 
we could achieve that 9 parameters. These 9 parameters are advances growth, then 
the Gross NPA, Net NPA, PCR, slippage ratio, credit cost, return on equity, earning 
per share, return on average assets. These are all comfortably we surpassed 
whatever guidance was given in March.  
 In 4 parameters business growth and the deposit growth and CASA and NIM. I want 
to share it with you that though the growth is steady, but still here we are facing a 
constraint that the market liquidity is still having a problem. We can garner the term 
deposits, it is not a big issue for the bank, it’s not a concern for the bank, but only 
thing is, at what rate we have to raise that. Since in the market the rate of interest 
war is going on, it has become a costly affair. That is why last quarter when we have 
an 8% of excess SLR, instead of garnering the high cost term deposits, we depended 
on a window available with the RBI by pledging our excess SLR and raised it around 
40,000-45,000 crores. And that we could raise it around only 6.5%. That is helping us 
in reflecting a better performance in the bottom line. That is the reason actually we 
have shown a growth of 8.4% in the deposit.  
 That has indirectly impacted our guidance of 10% business growth to 9.3%. But we 
want to continue, because again, we have kept in mind that the LCR guidelines, what 
are the regulatory guidelines which is going to come effective from 1st April 
onwards, that may impact our LCR to 12-13 basis points. At this moment, our LCR is 
123% as against the regulatory requirement of 100% and within the bank 
requirement of 105%. We are at 123%. But if you impact that those guidelines are 
implemented as on today itself, our LCR would have fallen from 123% to 110% or 
111%. Just to bring it back to 120%, in the 1st week of the December Quarter, we 
introduced a two long term tenure term deposits and offered a higher rate of 
interest i.e. 2-3 years and 3-5 years’ buckets, and we offered at a 7.3 and 7.4 for 
general public. That has attracted quite a handsome of amount. We almost garnered 
8,800 crores so far in the last one month, and we will continue to do that, so that 
that will take care of our shortfall of LCR. Whatever the guidelines we are going to 
impact our LCR, that 10 basis points again we want to regain by canvassing the 
deposits under these two buckets. That has impacted our cost on deposits a little bit. 
That is also has impacted our NIM to some extent. 
 So, these are all the few glimpse of that performance I have shared with you. Now, 
open for all of you sir. You can ask any clarifications. We are there to answer you. 
 Moderator: 
 Thank you, MD sir. We will wait for a couple of minutes for the question due to 
arrange. If you wish to ask a question, please raise your hand.  
 We have our first question from the line of Ms. Mahrukh. Please go ahead ma'am.  
 Ms. Mahrukh – Participant: 

 
3 
 
 Yeah, good evening sir. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Good evening, madam.  
 Ms. Mahrukh – Participant: 
 Yeah, hi. So, just a couple of questions. Firstly, just in terms of deposit growth, how 
do you plan to boost your CASA? Because it is already down to 30, right? I know 
there is a lot of competition. Traditionally also your CASA was very competitive, 
given that your geographical presence kind of matched that low CASA. But now at 
these levels, how do you boost CASA? And what is the tolerable level of LDR? As in, 
as of now the domestic LDR is already 78. So, can you take it up to 80-81? What is 
your comfort level of LDR? That's my first question, and I have two others. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Okay madam, first question. First, let me answer about that CASA what we are 
doing. We have recognized our shortfall of the CASA. That's the way the last two 
years, we have come out with so many new products targeting various sections of 
the people. But all those products have been deeply penetrated and it has attracted 
almost 23 lakh new customers in those new products. It has contributed to us almost 
17,200 crores incremental CASA deposits, savings deposits alone.  
 But what the unfortunate part is, at this moment, when we have introduced, at that 
time itself, the market liquidity has become a major issue and the market has gone 
beyond expectations. And simultaneously, industry started offering very high rate of 
interest. And you are aware, that now presently in all public and private sector 
banks, the payment platforms have been stabilized. Every individual can shift his 
surplus funds anytime to either the term deposits or to the mutual funds, or 
whenever he wants he can redeem it and bring it back to his savings bank account. 
Under such matured payment systems, the customers nowadays, the tendency 
became that they are not retaining beyond whatever is the basic requirement of the 
CASA amount in the savings bank. Remaining entire surplus, they are shifting to the 
term deposits or even for the other income revenue sources. That is a major 
concern.  
 But our thrust will continue in the CASA. Because recently also, just one month back, 
in the current month only, we introduced a Canara Crest, that is, to reconnect with 
our existing high net worth individuals. This is also an innovative product Canara 
Crest and Canara Crest Plus. This is a targeting our existing customers who are 
maintaining a well average balance, daily average balance, good handsome average 
balance. We are making them as a customer of the bank instead of a customer of a 
branch. We are making all 10,000 branches as a home branch for them. Anywhere if 
they visit, they get a same treatment in all the 10,000 branches, and we made the 
Branch Manager as a Relationship Manager for the such high net worth individuals. 
We are meeting them, we are extending this facility and the initial response is very, 
very high. So that whatever the steps we are taking in augmenting the fresh 

 
4 
 
deposits, this initiative of retaining the existing customer and their balances, will 
help in growing little bit in the coming 2-3 months. But definitely it is a challenge to 
grow in that. That is why our innovation of products targeting the sections will 
continue here afterwards also. 
 And the second one is, you asked about… 
 Ms. Mahrukh – Participant: 
 LDR. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 CD ratio. We are already at 76.65%. We may reach at… We are comfortable at 78% 
because the 18% is SLR, 4% is CRR. Together it is a 22%. If you remove these 2 things, 
the 78% is comfortable for us; that is our comfort level. Till that time, we will 
continue to grow in that. The 78% for us, psychologically is a limit we can absorb. 
That is our global CD ratio. 
 Ms. Mahrukh – Participant: 
 Got it sir, got it. Okay sir. Sir and my other question is, is there any one-off in interest 
income because other interest seems to have gone down this quarter? And likewise, 
in your fee-based income where you have three components - commission, service 
charge and miscellaneous. You have 3. So, the miscellaneous is a very big amount. It 
is bigger than the commission, exchange and brokerage, and this quarter it has fallen 
QoQ. So can you break it down into components or explain why the miscellaneous 
fell so much? And likewise, if there is any one-off in interest earned, interest 
income? And also in the provisions there is an investment provision, NPA investment 
provision of 4 billion. What is that for? Non-performing investment.  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Yeah. The first question. 
 Ms. Mahrukh – Participant: 
 First question is one off in interest income. Tax refund or anything. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Let me first answer you about the one-off interest income. Actually the interest 
income the if you look at that the QoQ and year-on-year basis, interest on loans and 
advance, a considerable improvement is there because our average advances are 
growing steadily. But the only thing the last year, last year and this year we used to 
get a benefit of excess liquidity whatever available in our system, we used to lend 
effectively in the overnight market or call money market. That benefit we are taking 
it in. That is the actually other interest income. But this time, since we are using our 
excess liquidity in increasing the credit growth, we are not lending more in those 
overnight investments. There we have seen some reduction in that the other 

 
5 
 
interest income. The one-time interest is, last quarter we got some 320 crores 
benefit in the NPA account. One NPA account when we were resolving, our recovery 
towards the interest on NPA is 320 crores. That 320 crores one-time is not available 
this time. Even with these two conditions, still we could recoup because of our 
improvement in the interest on loans and advances. That is why, if you see that 
sequentially, only 200 crores shortfall is there in the interest income. But it is a 
bottom line with its base. Here afterwards, we strongly believe that quarter-on-
quarter there will be a steady growth in NII. 
 Then second it comes for that fee income. Free income has grown at 23.31%. 
Madam, this fee income, one is commission exchange brokerage, whatever it is 
there. It is a steady growth only which is there. It is not that too much growth 
whatever it is there. But we are focused on non-fund based business mostly. That 
earlier was a stagnant. But because now we have centralized that non-fund based 
business entire thing, in the initial stages, that stabilisation took some time. But now 
it has started giving the results. Again, we also started cash management and 
collection centres. That is also giving some good income. That has helped in giving 
some 100 crores, which we got in that, fee-based income. Earlier last year this 
vertical was not there. But this vertical has been created in the second half of the 
last year. That has contributed good income.  
 Regarding the miscellaneous income, miscellaneous income is only debit card 
charges. And that you have to see that… Miscellaneous income you cannot see from 
sequentially quarter-on-quarter. It has to be looked at year-on-year wise. Because 
many of the incomes, in the four quarters, some incomes fall in one-time measure of 
either September Quarter or December Quarter or March Quarter. Let us say that 
CGTMSE fee collection. That will fall in September Quarter. That is why in September 
Quarter that it looks that more it is there and there is a fall in that. When you have 
to compare, it cannot be compared sequentially, you have to compare only year-on-
year basis. If you see the year-on-year basis, 570 crore became a 747 crores with a 
31% growth. There, I feel that it is in line with the as-expected only.  
 Then again treasury income also we got some improvement in the treasury income. 
That is because as per the latest regulated guidelines, every bank can sell their 5% of 
held-to-maturity (HTM) securities. First two quarters we are not sold any securities 
because we want to keep it as we have sufficient incomes. Since we are getting some 
benefit from the market, we have immediately taken some call. Part of that 5% we 
sold in this quarter and the remaining part we kept it for the next quarter, the 
current quarter. That benefit also we got some around 300 crores. That has shown 
some increase in the treasury income.  
 Now regarding NPI. With a true resolution, when we send that when we transfer our 
account from banks to NARCL, there we are getting 15% only get down cash 
payment. The remaining 85% we get SRs. That SRs will be accounted in the 
investments. But only thing, even though it is a Central Government guaranteed 
accounts, we cannot reverse that provisioning. So it is nothing but increasing the 
provisioning in NPI, but to that extent, decreasing the provisioning in the NPA. If you 

 
6 
 
look at that overall, the provisioning is almost same as last quarter. Except that, 
there is no fresh investment is Slipped to NPI. Hope I’ve answered all your questions.  
 Ms. Mahrukh – Participant: 
 Yes, sir. So only on that miscellaneous income, it’s only debit card? 
 Moderator: 
 Sorry ma'am we have a lot of participants waiting in the queue. If you could please 
rejoin the queue.  
 Ms. Mahrukh – Participant: 
 Sure.  
 Moderator: 
 We have a next question from the line of Mr. Engineer. Sir, please go ahead. 
 Mr. Engineer – Participant: 
 Hi sir. Congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking my question. Sir firstly, you are 
one of the largest players in agri-gold loans. And right now, RBI has been talking 
about some changes in that segment in terms of they have to be collateral free. They 
have increased the limit from 1.6 lakhs to 2 lakhs. Just any thoughts on how this 
product evolves, because I presume everything is collateralized. And if RBI wants it 
to be collateral free for PSL benefit, how will this business evolve?  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Sir our internal audit by RBI is concluded, and I have not seen any such comment 
from that RBI regarding our gold loan in the agriculture. So I don't see any problem 
at this moment from any regulatory comments on that.  
 Mr. Engineer – Participant: 
 Sir, this full 1.5 lakh crore book comes under PSL, gets a PSL benefit?  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 No sir. No, no. 
 Mr. Engineer – Participant: 
 Sir, how much? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 So 38,000 crores is retail portfolio. The remaining amount is under agriculture.  
 Mr. Engineer – Participant: 

 
7 
 
 So that remaining gets PSL 1.1 lakh crore?  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Yes sir. 
 Mr. Engineer – Participant: 
 Okay. So there is no issue on that front with RBI. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Because in the current year audit, the RBI exit meeting also is over, we have not seen 
any comment related to that particular area. That's why we cannot comment on 
that. 
 Mr. Engineer – Participant: 
 Okay. And just in general, on the retail portfolio, RBI has been concerned about 
certain practices; you can't revolve without paying the full thing. They are concerned 
about bullet loans in gold loans. Any changes to the underwriting we are doing? And 
also, the 75% LTV, is it only at disbursement or throughout the term of the loan?   
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 So, that LTV is throughout the loan. There is no question of at the time of 
disbursement. Because the expectation is, whenever the rate of interest is charged, 
as and when charged, it has to be serviced. Regarding the retail loans, we don't have 
any bullet payment type of products at all. It is all equated monthly instalments only. 
And wherever it is there, if it is a bullet payment, the interest, as and when charged, 
has to be serviced by the borrowers. Without that, no such product is available in 
Canara Bank. 
 Regarding the regulatory concerns, it is only unsecured loans. Those unsecured loans 
is not so active in our bank, because against salaries and pension, it is 15,500 crores 
as on date. So that is a very small amount compared to our total 2,05,000 crores or 
2,06,000 crores retail product. It's hardly not even 6% or 7%. And in that, NPA is also 
less than 1%. We don't give any clean loans other than the salaried class and 
pensioners, who draw their salary or pension through our bank. We don't give any 
pre-approved loans. We don't give non-salaried class clean loans and all. So that 
concern is not there.  
 Again, another concern by the regulator is MFI exposure. Our MFI exposure we 
reduced. One year back it was around above 700 crores, now it has come down to 
300 crores. And we have kept… the maximum cap is only 40 crores for MFI. And we 
are not so aggressive on the lending to the MFI. 
 Mr. Engineer – Participant: 

 
8 
 
 Okay, sir, this was very useful. Sir secondly, to the previous question, you mentioned 
320 crore interest benefit. Sir, can you just repeat? I think last year something else 
came… 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Let me say that. In the last quarter, our interest on NPA recovery is 780 crores. 700 
crores interest on NPA accounts for that quarter. But generally, on an average, we 
get every quarter 400 to 450 crores. But in the last quarter, because in one account 
resolution we got 320 crores towards the interest, we have taken that benefit in the 
interest income. But otherwise, the average interest on NPA, every quarter we 
receive 450 to 500 crores. This time also we got around 530 crores.  
 Mr. Engineer – Participant: 
 And sir, that comes in Other Interest Income line item, right?  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Yes, sir. It is not Other Interest Income… 
 Mr. Engineer – Participant: 
 Okay, it’s on Advances. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Yes, it’s on Advances. Other Interest Income is, whatever you are overnight lending. 
You do it for whatever the excess liquidity is there. Whatever the excess liquidity you 
have, you will deploy in the overnight or short-term investments, that income. That 
income has come down a little bit. 
 Mr. Engineer – Participant: 
 Understood. Sir, just last year, it may be a little early, but what is your deposit 
growth? 
 Moderator: 
 We have a lot of other participants waiting in queue.  
 Mr. Engineer – Participant: 
 Okay. Okay. Sure. Thank you so much, sir. And wish you all the very best. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Thank you. 
 Moderator: 
 We have the next question from the line of Mr. Jay Mundra.  

 
9 
 
 Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
 Hello, sir. Good evening. Sir, I have some questions. Thanks for the opportunity. One 
is, apart from this interest reversal, the interest on NPA that was lower by 300 
crores, was there any other reason why the loan yields would have declined in this 
quarter? Any other product where you are seeing maybe where there is a pressure 
on yield?  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Sir, if you look at our yield, quarter-on-quarter if you see that, earlier in September 
Quarter, our yield was 8.77. Now it is 8.79. There is a 2 basis point increase in the 
yield. So literally, no product we are compromising in the rate of interest and we are 
not reducing any rate of interest. Even let me share it with you, that one year back, 
our corporate portfolio of 4 lakh crore used to give at 7.1 to 7.20. That was the yield, 
average yield. But now we are successfully, by re-merging, re-jigging that the 
exposures and all, now we are almost touching 8.5% in the corporate yield. Yield 
wise, we don't have any concern. We already are in the highest level. But our only 
concern is the cost of deposit. 
 Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
 Okay. Understood. Secondly, sir, if you can provide the breakup of slippages for this 
quarter, and outstanding standard restructured books. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Okay, sir. Actually the total slippages are: 800 crores is agriculture, 500 crores is 
retail, near to the 1,000 crores is MSME. This is a 2,300 crores, sir. No corporate 
account is slipped to NPA. Now the outstanding restructuring RF1, RF2 and MSME 
restructuring, total now as on date, standard restructuring is outstanding at 8,600 
crores. And already restructured accounts of 4,500 crores slipped to NPA. Total 
13,000 crores are outstanding in our books in the restructuring, sir. 
 Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
 Right. And lastly, sir, I think you partly answered on gold loan. So, if I remember 
correctly, last quarter our retail gold was 28,000 crores, which has increased to 
30,000 crores, right? So that product is still growing in a decent way. Is that the right 
understanding? Is the number comparable with 30,000 to 28,000 crores?  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Yes, sir. Actually, it is growing decently because metropolitan cities with stringent 
LTV ratio, we created a product available to them instead of giving earlier ways to 
give for agriculture purposes with the documentary evidence. Now we have 
discontinued that. We are created without any documentary evidence, if anybody 
wants to avail a secured personal loan, they can avail that secured personal loan. So, 
that product has attracted the attention of many metropolitan borrowers. That is 
giving a continuous growth of almost 15%, sir.  

 
10 
 
 Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
 Any changes that you have to make to the product in terms of, let us say, disclosure 
of end use or maybe rollover? I mean, do the customers rollover? They have to 
necessarily pay the entire outstanding? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 No, sir. We are 100% complying the RBI guidelines. No rollovers in these accounts.  
 Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
 Sure, sir. I will come back in the queue. 
 Moderator: 
 We have a next question from the line of Mr. Ashok Ajmera. Mr. Ashok Ajmera, 
please unmute yourself. 
 We have a next question from the line of… 
 Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 I’m here.  
 Moderator: 
 Okay, sir. Go ahead, please.  
 Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 Give me some time, because the technology takes some time. Good evening, sir. 
Good set of numbers as regards the profitability is concerned, sir. Operating profit is 
good. And in spite of the difficult times, once again, coming in the banking, you have 
performed well on the profitability front, because you managed it well. Now, sir, my 
only concern, which is a general concern nowadays in the entire banking sector, is 
the growth in the business. You have answered in your initial remark only, and 
especially the credit growth. Now, if you look at the current nine months, I think 
both on deposit front, of course, we are almost half and if you calculate the total 
FY25 and what is left now in the remaining 2 ½ - 3 months, then on both the fronts, 
how do you plan to meet the given targets, sir? Because then, there will be a lot of 
pressure during this quarter, both on the deposit mobilization side also and the 
credit side also. And you’ve already consumed a major part of your excess SLR also. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 No, sir. Actually, let me say that even today, our excess SLR cushion is still there, 
because partly we are even onward lending to the overnight deployment, whatever. 
Because we are getting in excess SLR by 6.5. If the market is paying 20 to 30 basis 
points extra, we are lending there. That benefit we are taking it. So, if my credit 
growth is picking, what we have given the guidance is 10%, we are growing at 

 
11 
 
10.45%. I am sure that the 10.5% we can definitely easily achieve. So, whatever the 
given target under the advances growth, 10.45% may not be a big issue for us to 
meet that requirement. I do not think that because we have enough cushion in the 
RBI window, we do not have any problem in meeting that requirement.  
 But at the same time, I do not want to cross my CD ratio beyond 78%. That is why we 
are putting our entire energy again on the liabilities for this entire quarter. We have 
already given calls to them. And wherever we are addressing the people, we are 
giving a special thrust on that campaigning mode on the liability side. Its not that 
we’re only focusing on CASA, we are even interested in the retail term deposits. So, 
retail term deposits, actually in the September Quarter, there was a muted growth. 
But in the December Quarter, we’ve grown at least 5,000 crores. And now as on 
date, we have grown at least 15,000 absolute numbers in the retail term deposits. 
We aim to grow in the retail term deposits, as well as the CASA, sir. So, we will 
continue to do that. I don’t think it will impact my credit growth, because our given 
targeted growth is only 10%. We have already achieved 10.5%. And business growth 
also 10% is achievable, because if you can focus on that 8.4% deposit growth, if you 
cross 9%, we’ll achieve the business growth also. 
 Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 Okay sir, point well taken. My second question is on the recovery side, both in the 
normal recoveries, and also the recovery from the written off accounts.  So, what do 
you think now this quarter is going to be? I mean, is it because you are major thrust, 
as you said will be on the deposit side in both quarter on the recovery front, how do 
we spend this quarter in total FY25, both from the normal recovery and in the 
written off accounts recovery and having said that, after that on the on SRs, you 
know like you said that 85% of the SRs and only 15% of the cash recovery and 
especially in case of NARCL, even if it is government guaranteed, we do not take it as 
a new income.  So, in this quarter, how many such cases have taken place and how 
much amount of recovery and SRs which we have gone in recovery in SRs? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Sir, first let me say that about the recovery of the recovery steps, what we have 
taken, of course NCLT is one aspect, but the SARFAESI is another aspect.  Major 
thrust is OTS and DRT also we are pursuing it.  See, when you focus on DRT, 
SARFAESI, NCLT, ultimately, people will come forward and try to settle the accounts 
under OTS.  So, our recovery is more through OTS is more compared to all other 
things.  Even if you see that the existing recoveries plus upgradation total together in 
the current quarter, the December quarter we could achieve around 3600.  If you say 
the cash recovery alone it 3100 cores.  Out of 3100 crores, we got the benefit of 
NCLT of 653 crores.  The remaining all we got it through other modes of recovery.  
The same tempo if you have seen that we have shown to the earlier also that in 
September also our recoveries are more than the slippages.  Whatever our focus, we 
are shifting to the liabilities is not from the recovery side to the liabilities.  Recovery 
sections are separate.  Teams are separate.  We don't want to mix those teams into 
that liability side, but the marketing teams, whatever it is there for business growth 

 
12 
 
there, we want to focus divert them into a liability focus, but the retail, the recovery 
and the slippages teams exclusively earmarked for these two parameters will 
continue to work on that, and the March quarter also, we expect that the same type 
of performance whatever we have shown on the December quarter, the slippages 
we could reduce it to below 2400 crores and recovery should be more than 3000 
crores that we will continue.  We are expecting even 2000 crores in the technical 
written off accounts.  The remaining is in the normal NPA accounts, the cash 
recovery Sir.  and regarding NARCL shifting, the current quarter, we are expecting we 
may get some 500 to 600 crores benefit.  They identified some accounts, but all 
consortium banks have to come forward and everybody has to give the clearance 
then only it happens.  But we are also wherever we identified, we are negotiating 
with the NRCL in two accords.  We got positive response.  We are hopeful of the two 
accounts.  If we do the two accounts, we may get a benefit of 500 to 600 crores Sir. 
 Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 So, this 500-600 crores, the outstanding, I mean or the recovery? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 No, Sir, it is not the outstanding.  It is a recovery what we are expecting.  But out of 
that again, cash recovery will be only 15% Sir.  The remaining entire thing will be in 
the form of SCRs. 
 Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 Okay, Sir.  Sir, last point is on   
 Moderator: 
 Sir, we have a lot of other participants, Sir.  Please come in the queue. 
 Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 Okay, alright, alright. 
 Moderator: 
 Thank you, Sir. 
 Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 I will come back in the second round.  Thank you.  Thank you and all the best. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Thank you, Sir. 
 Moderator: 

 
13 
 
 We have a next question from the line of Mr. Jugal. 
 Mr. Jugal – Participant: 
 I hope I’m audible? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Hi Jugal Ji. 
 Mr. Jugal – Participant: 
 Thank you, Sir.  Thanks for the opportunity.  My first question is regarding the banks 
density for advances and just wanted to know how it is trending and the RWA 
density of our international advances portfolio. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Sir, actually our total global CD ratio is around 76.5% and we see that because CRR is 
4% and the SLR requirement as on date is 18%, total to the 22%.  So, we don't want 
to cross 78% in a normal condition, though we have support in the form of own 
funds and even refinance funds and even infrastructure bonds and all those things, 
but still in a normal course, we don't want to cross our CD ratio.  Beyond 78%.  With 
that to the CD ratio, we are at 76.5% at the present.  Our growth also projected is 
only at 10.5% to 11%.  We will be well within that 78% for the March.  The global 
only I shared with you, domestic may be little bit one or two percent for here and 
there may be happened.  That is only for overseas. 
 Mr. Jugal – Participant: 
 Sure, Sir and what proportion of our total advances are externally rated? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Pardon. 
 Mr. Jugal – Participant: 
 What proportion of the total advances   
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Externally aerated, actually we have – see external rating is mandatory in our bank 
as per our policy, it is 25 crores and above.  So, in all those things, 80% of our 
exposures are A and above. 
 Mr. Jugal – Participant: 

 
14 
 
 Sure and Sir, if you could just guide on the impact was proposed RBI guidelines on 
LCR?  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Sir that proposed RBI guidelines of LCR is going to come, expected to come effective 
from 1st April onwards.  As on date our LCR is 123% and we are assessing that if we 
implement those things as and today it may impact our LCR from around 11 to 12 
basis points.  So, our LCR may come down to 110 to 111.  But to take care of those 
things again, we introduced in the last quarter for raising the deposits at a longer 
tenure that is a two to three years and three to five years buckets we introduced and 
we are offered a higher rate of interest at 7.3 and 7.4.  We already garnered more 
than 8000 crores in this and we want to continue to garner in those two buckets at 
least for next two months so that again, we can restore it back by LCR to around 
115% to 120%. 
 Mr. Jugal – Participant: 
 Sure, Sir.  Sir, could you help us with the total exposure in HAM projects and also 
ethanol projects and other biofuel-based projects per se?  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Yes.  Our exposure to that HAM projects is there around 25,000 to 26,000 crores and 
everything is standard.  We almost finance, we are a part of financial closures of 70 
such projects.  But there we have some internal policy that generally we take it up A 
and above rated companies only.  But now again, we are actively considering 
monetization of those HAM process which are started taking the - receiving the 
annuities that is also is in the market that also we are actively participating in that 
and ethanol also whatever the actually it is there its more than 2000 crores it is 
there.  Compressed biogas also we are actually considering that. 
 Mr. Jugal – Participant: 
 Sure.  Sir, if you would possibly help us with the total exposure to renewable sectors 
like solar and wind energy per se?  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 The exact figure, if it is required that our CRO will share it with you. 
 Mr. Jugal – Participant: 
 Sure. 
 Mr. Uday Sankar Majumder – CRO, Canara Bank: 
 See, with regard to renewal, solar and energy together, our exposure is around 6500 
crores  

 
15 
 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 That is actually outstanding what he is telling about, but the sanctions are there 
around 15,000.  These are all project funding it gradually, depending on the progress 
of the sanction, the progress of the projects only it will be disbursed.  As on date, 
outstandings are 6000 to 7000 crores are there plus 2000 crores ethanol is there, so 
total 9000 crores is there, but the sanctions are there.  Total sanctions if you 
consider that exposures are more than 15,000 crores. 
 Mr. Jugal – Participant: 
 Yeah, makes sense.  Sir, if you could help us with the exposure to Kerela and 
Telangana government and specifically the state PSUs, if you could help us out with 
the same? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 It's specifically disclosing outside it may not be correct, but we have state wise risk 
rating is there, state wise exposure limits are there.  These are all the limits will be 
fixed by the boards and boards sub committees.  We are well within that sub limits.  
 Mr. Jugal – Participant: 
 Sure, Sir.  Sir, my last question is on the potential impact of new RBI guidelines on 
operational risk and interest rate risk in banking loan? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Our CRO will explain to you Sir. 
 Mr. Uday Sankar Majumder – CRO, Canara Bank: 
 See the new guidelines on RBI is to be I mean date is yet to be announced, but new 
guidelines have come.  RBI is yet to announce it and as per the guidelines, if the 
impact of interest rate change is beyond 15% of my Tier 1 capital, then to that I have 
to provide additional capital in the pillar 2.  So, as of now with the rough estimate, it 
is below 15%, so we need not provide any additional capital as far as pillar 2 is 
concerned.  Yeah.  It is below that, below 15%.  So, there is no impact.  As of now, 
there is no adverse impact one the new IRRBB guidelines implemented. 
 Mr. Jugal – Participant: 
 Thank You, Sir.  Thanks a lot. 
 Moderator: 
 Thanks Sir.  We have our next questions from the line of Suraj Das?  
 Mr. Suraj Das – Participant: 

 
16 
 
 Yeah.  Hi, Sir.  Thanks for the opportunity.  Sir, two Questions.  First one is, in terms 
of subsidiary monetization, I mean, what is your plan? And the second one, I think in 
terms of the subsidiary business overlap, what has been your response and in case 
the current guidelines have to come in the same shape and form, what would be 
your action plan? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Sir, actually the first subsidiary, disinvestment is already we have proposed a 
disinvestment in two subsidiaries that is 1 - Canara Robeco Mutual Funds and Canara 
HSBC Insurance Company.  These two cases may already all regulatory required 
permissions we have obtained.  Now, we have communicated to that respective 
boards to take it forward for that coming out of that public issue.  With respect to 
boards have created sub-board committees and for close monitoring of this 
progress.  They are all doing their job and now at this moment, I think bankers have 
been appointed, so it is under as expected lines and we are expecting that both the 
companies we may come for the IPOs in the next financial year.  The second one is if 
the RBI guidelines as per RBI guidelines, a common activity between the parent 
company and the subsidiary is only for us Can Fin Homes, but there are no timelines 
to be stipulated by the regulator.  We are watching that market, if at all we feel that 
we get enough pricing, we expect that our pricing valuation of that company should 
be in the four digit.  Whenever we expect that the share price crosses the four digit, 
we may think of coming out of that. 
 Mr. Suraj Das – Participant: 
 Sure, Sir. 
 Moderator: 
 Thanks Sir.  We have our next question from the line of Mr. Rakesh Kumar. 
 Mr. Rakesh Kumar – Participant: 
 Hi, Sir.  Can you hear me, Sir? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Yes, Rakesh Ji. 
 Mr. Rakesh Kumar – Participant: 
 Yeah, thanks.  Thanks for the opportunity, Sir.  Sir, just I was a little confused with 
the numbers, that you know you mentioned in the questions that you know you 
have changed the asset composition in favor of loan and reduced the cash balances 
number and that is pretty evident in the number as well.  But I am not able to see 
that you know the yield on fund has gone up.  So, that has not happened even 
though there is an increase in the yield on advances.  So, with the asset composition, 
that could have happened. 

 
17 
 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 See, let me see that, Sir.  Actually, this exercise we have started from December, last 
December to June.  When we are done this rejigging of that low yielding advances 
have been we have taken it back.  We started doing that high yield which is 8.6 to 
8.79, 19 basis points increase is there in that yield on advances.  The 19 basis points 
is not a small amount.  That is happened only because of these things.  Otherwise, 
our MCLR there – our RLLR there is no change for the last two years.  Then even 
then, how the yield has increased, that increase in the yield is only because of that, 
Sir. 
 Mr. Rakesh Kumar – Participant: 
 Sir, I was referring to the slide information that we have.  Anyway, I understood your 
point.  Second thing Sir, last quarter we had the LCR of 130%.  Now, we have you 
mentioned 170% or 173%.  So, do  
 Mr. S K Majumdar – CFO, Canara Bank: 
 Rakesh ji,  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Just one minute, Rakesh ji.  Our CFO wants to share something to you. 
 Mr. S K Majumdar – CFO, Canara Bank: 
 Your question is when yield on advances have gone up to that extent, how yields of 
funds have not gone up, isn't it? That is your question? 
 Mr. Rakesh Kumar – Participant: 
 And with the change in asset composition in favor of  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 We are reaching that composition.  I answered correctly.  Now tell me, survey LCR 
related, LCR, know? 
 Mr. Rakesh Kumar – Participant: 
 Yes Sir.  What I was saying that you know, we have switched separated some of the   
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 See the LCR earlier 130 to 123 why it has come down, that is your question, Sir? 
 Mr. Rakesh Kumar – Participant: 

 
18 
 
 No, no. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Generally, LCR will  
 Mr. Rakesh Kumar – Participant: 
 No, no, Sir. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Last quarter, we announced that 130. 
 Mr. Rakesh Kumar – Participant: 
 Yeah.  So, that has happened.  What I am thinking is that do we plan to further you 
know shift cash balances to advances considering that LCR guideline as you are 
mentioning might come and we have LCR at around 123%.  So, do we have room for 
that to do it further? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Sir, as per regulatory requirement, one has to maintain 100%, within that our bank 
we kept our board has kept an internal ceiling of 105 as against requirement of 105, 
already we are at 123%.  So, even if the RBI new guidelines implemented that will 
impact only 11 to 12 basis points, which may come down to 110 to 111.  But we do 
not want to be play or this business at such a smaller gap.  That's why we have 
already taken initiatives to garner the more deposits in the longer tenure buckets 
that is 2 to 3 years and 3 to 5 years, which we are offering the higher rate of interest 
and we already started garnering the deposits.  We garnered more than 8000 crores 
in the last one month. 
 Mr. Rakesh Kumar – Participant: 
 And last question Sir, is there any classification issue in the Commission exchange 
brokerage income line? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 No, Sir.  There is no such a miscellaneous income.  You are aware that last year RBI 
guidelines have come that penal interest should not be charged in the interest side.  
It has to be booked in that other charges.  So, that's the accounting standards have 
been changed compared to last year to this year.  So, to that extent, interest income 
has come down and to that extent the miscellaneous receipts are increased.  Except 
that remaining things are only because of the business growth, nothing else that 
comes approximately 150 crores or 160 crores. 
 Mr. Rakesh Kumar – Participant: 

 
19 
 
 Okay.  Thank you.  Thank you so much, Sir. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Thank you, Sir. 
 Moderator: 
 We have our next question from the line of Mr. Mahrukh.  Mr. Mahrukh? You can 
unmute yourself now.  We have our next question from the line of Mr. Sushil 
Choksey. 
 Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
 Good evening and congratulations.  Yeah, Mahrukh go ahead. 
 Mr. Mahrukh – Participant: 
 Thank you, Choksey saab. 
 Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
 Sir, congratulation to Team Canara for very stable and positive result.  Sir, you just 
highlighted that you are open to monetizing Can Fin Homes.  Now, if you are looking 
for a strategic premium because you are saying that you are looking for ₹1000 price 
with the current market condition which is in a little correction or a consolidation 
mode, whether it's a housing finance sector or overall financial market.  Are you 
open for any strategic buyback?  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 No Sir. Actually, because the RBI has given a guideline on the subsidies that a 
common activity should not be there, but there are no for existing organization there 
are no timelines for closing down those things.  So, since it is opened for the 
individual banks to take a call on that for us, we know the internal strength of that 
company. We have 29.9% shareholding in that company.  We feel that we have 
initiated something with the help of that board and that current top management.  
Some initiatives we have done in cleaning at the top level as well as in their 
functioning that will start yielding the results in a one or two years.  We want to wait 
for that one or two years when it results are coming out the real value will come out.  
When the real value comes out, then we may think about that this, whether it has to 
be strategic sale or whatever it may be. 
 Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
 Sir, but if somebody is working with a positive outlook that you have done, the 
cleansing, the value is already there ₹1000 or ₹1200 or ₹1100, whatever may be the 
fair value and because you are offering 30% which enables them to make an open 
offer too, so you can increase your stake on the market and the market will tender 

 
20 
 
the shares.  In such scenario, will we participate or will wait for one or two years 
only? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Sir, it is actually as an individual, these decisions cannot be taken as at this level, but 
it generally these options will be discussed in our strategy meet generally happens 
once in a year at a board level, and this year also it will be scheduled either in March 
or in the April.  During that board meeting, it will be discussed thoroughly.  Then as 
per the board directions, we will proceed and we will share it with you, Sir. 
 Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
 Thank you for answering that question.  Sir, next is non-interest income, treasury 
was concerned and written off accounts are concerned.  How do you see that 
panning out in the current quarter? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Sir, the Treasury meet actually whatever the benefit, we got it as a part of that 5% 
sale of HTM Securities that benefit we have taken because all other banks have 
taken earlier, we had not taken, we had kept it pending and now this December 
quarter also we have not taken entire 5%, we have not sold it, part of that only we 
sold it.  The remaining balance we can sell it in this quarter.  That benefit always will 
be there that we will take the benefit out of whatever is the benefit is there.  
Second, recovery and technical written of accounts will continue.  We are expecting 
this quarter also will be there around 2000 to 2100. 
 Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
 So, what are the number outstanding on written off accounts? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 We have around 68,000 crores, Sir. 
 Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
 Okay.  Sir, if the yield on G-Sec is in the region of 6.5 to 6.7, the profit can match up 
the previous quarters? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 We will wait and watch Sir.  Let us see that what will happen. 
 Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
 And do you anticipate to monetize your subsidiaries, which you're already looking 
towards Canara Robeco in this quarter or you think it will go into the next quarter? 

 
21 
 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 No, Sir, not in this quarter.  Sir, that will be in the next financial year. 
 Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
 Sir my last question,  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Because already the merchant bankers have been appointed.  Now, it is in their 
hands once they say that we are ready, then we will think about it. 
 Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
 Okay.  Sir, I know you answered the majority of the participants question on CASA.  If 
we move well on CASA, I think we'll outsmart majority of the comparative banks.  So, 
what acceleration program other than what you garnered in deposits, new schemes 
can be done from the geography where we are present.  Because it’s difficult 
geography where CASA is concerned, because people generally don't keep idle 
balances because they are smarter humans, what can we do differently that will help 
us to grow better way?  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Sir, nowadays every year we want to open some 250 to 300 new branches.  These 
new branches we are planning to open well the CASA of potential is there especially 
where our presence is little comparatively lower and that's why the work compared 
to the South India, we are opening more in the North and Eastern side that branches 
and last year we opened 211 branches. This year already we opened 180 branches 
and we are targeted for 250 branches. This will continue for 2-3 years and these 
thousand branches, if you once open, definitely create a mark in that, that the 
strategy anyhow, it is continuing that Sir. 
 Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
 Thank you, Sir.  Thank you for answering all my questions and best wishes to Canara 
Bank team for the years to come. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Thank you, Sir.  Thank you.  Thank you so much. 
 Moderator: 
 Thank you, Sir.  We have our next question from the line of Mr. Arvind Dara. 
 Mr. Arvind Dara – Participant: 

 
22 
 
 Hi, Sir.  Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Hi, Arvind. 
 Mr. Arvind Dara – Participant: 
 Hello Sir.  You mentioned about, you know, maintaining CD ratio below 78%.  If the 
deposit environment continues to be constrained, of course we may continue to 
remain on you know CD ratio maintaining CD ratio below 78% or would be flexible in 
that aspect.  That is my first question.  And the second question is on expenses.  This 
year we have been able to like manage expenses you know much below and in much 
more controlled manner and can we expect you know expenses to be like in line or 
closer to income growth next year? These are two questions. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Set first goal.  First, let me say that liability, Sir, liability for us also, earlier also I 
shared something against that.  It is not that CASA we are finding it difficult to garner 
the more CASA, but liabilities we are not finding difficult to garner it.  Only thing you 
have to shut higher rate of interest which we are cost consciousness, that's why 
whatever it is required we are garnering that liabilities.  When we have decided that 
our CD ratio is 78%, there afterwards our incremental deposit and advances we will 
ensure that we will match these two things by if at all if necessary, we may have to 
increase the deposit rate.  That’s All.  Otherwise, see it is not difficult for us to garner 
the deposit only thing we want to be cost consciousness.  We don't want to shut the 
higher rate of interest.  That's why when you have surplus cushion in your system, 
we want to take maximum benefit out of it.  Once that is, if it is coming to the 
exhaust it, then we may go ahead with that offering a higher rate of interest and 
garner the deposit, but at this movement, I don't see any such issue.  The second 
one is expenses.  I don't see any further increase in the expenses suddenly, but the 
annually suppose 6% to 7% annual growth in expenses is likely to happen, but that's 
only to that extend I'm expecting that.  Otherwise, we will continue with the cost to 
income ratio around 47%-48%. 
 Mr. Arvind Dara – Participant: 
 Sure, Sir and just one more question from my side.  SARFAESI, especially in the 
system level, the unsecured loans you know personal loans, you know credit cards 
and these are the segments where you know multiple companies have faced issues 
because of the higher growth you know like you know when people say like over 
leveraging you know with the particular part set of borrowers that led to issues that 
we can see in different companies.  Like I have similar question for MSME Sir, like in 
the MSME, in the system as well as what the bank has, you know grown in a 
commensurate rate in the past few years, do you see any signs of, you know over 
leveraging or any issues there which could be propping up there? 

 
23 
 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 No, Sir.  I don't see any such leverage in MSME.  Its last two years back, we have 
revisited underwriting standards of all our MSME products and we have centralized 
the processing of those accounts.  We created each regional office, 177 regional 
offices.  We created a hub for processing the MSME loans.  That has started giving 
the results.  That's why slippages are under control.  That’s why gradually our NPA 
and our MSME is coming down.  I don't see any that too much stress on that except 
one or two small government sponsor schemes or anywhere the stress is there, but 
that is well within our risk appetite only.  I don't see anything on that. 
 Mr. Arvind Dara – Participant: 
 And just one last thing, if I can   
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 And we don't lend too much to, we don't lend too aggressively in anywhere and we 
are not active in portfolio buyout of any portfolio.  Our total portfolio buyout 
outstanding is only entire bank all including retail MSME everything together is only 
1600 crores.  Our exposure to MFI is only 300 crores.  So, our even co-lending is also 
less than 1000 crores.  So, we are not too aggressive on that lending.  Instead of that, 
we are actively making involve or branches to generate the loans and that this year 
we are expecting that we will touch the 10%.  That’s double-digit growth in the 
MSME.  Last year we were at 7%-7.5%.  This year we are confident that we may 
touch 10%. 
 Mr. Arvind Dara – Participant: 
 Sure, Sir.  Thank you for the elaborate explanation.  Just one last thing, if I can 
squeeze in, with respect to recoveries from written off accounts, Sir can we expect 
similar data for next two years also? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Yes, this current quarter also I already reiterated earlier whatever the last quarter 
we got around 2000 crores, this quarter also we are expecting that the 2000 crores 
will be recovered. 
 Mr. Arvind Dara – Participant: 
 Sure, Sir.  Thank you. 
 Moderator: 
 Thank you.  We have our last question from the line of Mr. Akhilesh. 
 Mr. Akhilesh – Participant: 

 
24 
 
 Hi, team.  Good evening.  Sir a couple of questions from my side.  Firstly, I'm sorry if 
this is a repeat question because I got disconnected in between.  Firstly, if I look at 
the SMA 2 book, you had called out 2 state government accounts in the last quarter 
in the SMA 2 book.  One more is the Andhra based PSU in the steel sector and the 
other one was a state government account.  What is the update on those accounts 
as of now? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank:  
 Now, as on date as on December 31st, these two are appearing in the SMA 2, but as 
on date these two has come out of even SMA.  These are all now not even in the 
SMA 0. 
 Mr. Akhilesh – Participant: 
 Even the steel account? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Yes, Sir.  Both Steel Authority and Telangana.  Whatever it is there. 
 Mr. Akhilesh – Participant: 
 Okay got it.  Sir, secondly, the last participant was also checking about the outlook 
on recoveries for the next two years.  Is there some sense that you have in terms of 
trend? 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 See two years period is too long period to predict, but I can tell that the present 
Canara Bank said I can tell that I cannot comment on the industry wise because we 
are conscious, we are little conservative in high-risk portfolios.  Next one year and 
one and half year, whatever it is there, I am sure that our slippages will be less than 
our recovery and upgradation. 
 Mr. Akhilesh – Participant: 
 Got it.  Sir and just lastly, if I look at the trend on other interest income that has been 
trending downward, you expect the same  
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 It has reached to the bottom, Sir.  Further down, we don't expect in this. 
 Mr. Akhilesh – Participant: 
 Okay Sir, just one last question, if I can squeeze in.  The other OPEC seems to be a bit 
volatile in the last few quarters, what is the cause for this? 

 
25 
 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 No Sir, actually, you may be remembering that last continuously three years we are 
investing heavily on the IT.  So, when you are investing though it is a CapEx, next year 
onwards it will convert into an ATS and all service charges and all you have to pay it.  
So, that's the only thing, except that nothing is there, Sir.  And we are also opening 
new branches, you can accept it last year onwards.  Previous yearly, we were not 
opening.  Last year we have opened 211 branches.  This year also, we are opening 
250 branches that also will add to our OpEx to some extent.  When you want to grow 
in your CASA, you have to bear with that to possible extent. 
 Mr. Akhilesh – Participant: 
 Thank you for answering my questions. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Thank you, Sir. 
 Moderator: 
 Thank you, Sir.  We will take that as the last question.  Over to you Sir, for your 
closing remarks. 
 Mr. K Satyanarayana Raju – MD, Canara Bank: 
 Thank you.  Thank you, one and all.  We will continue to perform consistently.  That's 
what actually we always share even at the beginning of the year and even today, 
after three completed quarters, we approved that we are consistent in our 
performance in all the key parameters.  Thank you, Sir.  Thank you, one and all. 
 Moderator: 
 Thank you everyone.  That concludes the call. 
  
End of Transcript    
