Corporate Office: 5th Floor, Lotus Tower, A- 
Block, Community Centre, New Friends Colony,             
New Delhi- 110025 
Tel.: 011-66561234 
E-mail : hmvlinvestor@livehindustan.com 
Website: www.hmvl.in 
CIN : L21090BR1918PLC000013 
 
 
Tel: 0612-2223434, 2223413 
 
11th February, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 533217 
                    Trading Symbol: HMVL  
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors on the Un-Audited Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter ended on 31st December, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Tuesday,  
04th February, 2025 in respect of the Un-Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended 
on 31st December, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the Call is also available on the Company’s website at:  
 
https://www.hmvl.in/earnings-call-transcript-audio.html 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
 
 
(Nikhil Sethi) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Nikhil 
Sethi
Digitally signed 
by Nikhil Sethi 
Date: 
2025.02.11 
14:48:48 +05'30'

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HT Media Group: Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Piyush Gupta: Group CFO - HT Media Ltd. 
Ms. Anna Abraham: CFO - Hindustan Media Ventures Ltd. and  
Head, Investor Relations - HT Media Group 
Mr. Pervez Bajan: Head Financial Controllership & Taxation - HT Media Group 
                                    
 
 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is Aaditya Mulani from the 
HT Media Group. I would like to welcome you all to our Q3 FY2024-25 
earnings webinar. As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only 
mode. After we are through with the presentation, there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions. 
                                               
 I now hand over to Ms. Anna Abraham, CFO, Hindustan Media 
Ventures Limited and Head Investor Relations at HT Media Group. 
Thank you, and over to you, Anna.  
             
Anna Abraham: 
Thank you, Aaditya. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our 
earnings webinar where we will be discussing the results for the third 
quarter of the FY2024-25 of HT Media Group.  
On the call today, we have Mr. Piyush Gupta, Group CFO; Mr. Pervez 
Bajan, Head Financial Controllership and Taxation and members of 
our Investor Relations team. I trust that you had the opportunity to 
review the results of Hindustan Media Ventures Limited, it was 
announced yesterday and of HT Media Limited released earlier today.  
Please note that our remarks during this webinar will align with the 
presentation slides. These slides along with the financial statements 
are available on the stock exchanges and can also be accessed on the 
Investor Relations section of our websites.  
Moving forward, please have a look at the cautionary statement, which 
is now on this slide. In line with our standard practice, we would not be 
providing specific guidance on revenue or earnings.  
The next slide gives a quote from our Chairperson on the Company's 
performance of the quarter, and I quote 
 "The third quarter of the fiscal year bode well for the overall 
performance of your Company. Revenue grew in the annual festive 
season with a corresponding improvement in both business and 
operational metrics. 
On a consolidated basis, we reported growth in revenue and an 
improvement in operational profitability compared to last year as well 
as sequentially. Print advertising revenues have on the back of 
price/mix seen improved revenue growth. This, coupled with sustained 
control on operational expenses, have led to margin improvement on 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
y-o-y as well as q-o-q basis. The quarter also saw our Radio business 
post strong revenue growth as a result of non-FCT business, although 
margins continue to remain under duress. In the Digital business, the 
Company continues to post revenue growth and operational 
improvement. 
Sustaining this positive momentum across our key business areas and 
ensuring smooth leadership transition will be our primary focus in the 
medium term while we remain steadfast in our commitment to 
delivering credible and trustworthy news and engaging entertainment 
content through our legacy platforms as well as new-age product 
offerings."  
We now have the agenda for the day. We will update you on the 
consolidated performance as well as provide an overview of the Print, 
Radio and Digital business segments. Following the presentation, we 
will open the floor for Q&A.  
With that, I now hand it over to Mr. Piyush Gupta.  
Piyush Gupta: 
Thank you, Anna. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 
Q3FY25 
earnings 
call. 
We 
will 
be 
tracking 
your 
screen.  
 
So, as you can see on the webinar, the first chart is on the consolidated 
financial summary. As Anna just articulated, there is an upward 
momentum in total revenue on an annual as well as a sequential basis. 
On a y-o-y basis, the revenue is up 9% and on a sequential basis, it's 
up 11%.  
If you look at the EBITDA, which came in at a positive INR 46 cr, that's 
a 64% improvement on a y-o-y basis and a 42% improvement on a 
sequential basis. PAT came in at a negative INR 3 crores, which is a 
substantial improvement and on a sequential basis also, a 50% 
improvement. Cash position remains extremely strong with December 
cash balance standing at about INR 920 crores, which is about the 
same as it was last quarter.  
Deep diving into the business unit performance, let's have a look at the 
Print performance. Advertising led growth in Print segment revenue 
reflecting improved momentum. Financials, I've already tracked, if you 
can see, Print also grew by 9% on a y-o-y basis. Circulation revenue - 
now that we are increasing a certain level of copies, so there is a 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
certain amount of trade promotion, which is going there, but our 
copies continue to be on an increasing path - came in at about INR 52 
cr. 
The 
total 
operating 
revenue 
at 
a 
7%  
y-o-y growth was at INR 387 cr.  
Operating EBITDA came at INR 42 cr and operating margins improved 
by 400 basis points. Same situation is on a sequential basis, where you 
can see the growth on advertising revenue at 22% and operating 
EBITDA growing handsomely.  
Now we look at the ad revenue growth in Print business for English and 
Hindi. If you track the top left portion, the English growth is 14% at INR 
181 crore and q-o-q it is 26%. Circulation revenue in English if you look 
at it is a decline of 22% to INR 13 cr and on a sequential basis it's down 
18% for the reason that I articulated earlier.  
Looking at Hindi, the ad revenues are up 3% and on a sequential basis 
up 17% and circulation revenue is a negative 6% on a y-o-y basis and 
flat on a sequential basis.  
If you look at the Radio performance, there is a very handsome growth 
of 29% on the top line with a breakeven performance on the bottom 
line and if you look at a sequential basis, the growth is 46% and 88% 
respectively on topline and profitability.  
Looking at the Digital business, which is a part of HT Media 
consolidated results. Our top line grew by 32% to INR 51 cr and the 
loss position improved marginally by 24% to a negative 26% margin. 
Similarly, on sequential basis, it was down 7% on top line and negative 
14% on the bottom line. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you, Piyush.  
                                              
We will now begin the Q&A session. You can click on the “Raise Hand” 
option, which will enable the moderator to unmute you for posing your 
query. Please introduce yourself before posing your query, and kindly 
restrict to a maximum of 2 questions per participant, so that we may 
be able to address questions from all participants. We will wait for a 
few moments while the question queue assembles.  
The first question is from the line of Mr. Mohit Kumra. Please introduce 
yourself and ask your question. 
Mohit Kumra: 
Can you hear me, please? 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes, Mohit, we can hear you. Good afternoon. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Kumra: 
So, my questions are very specific to HMVL firstly and very specific to 
the balance sheet, my first question at least. In your current liabilities, 
you have sundry deposits of INR 500 cr. What are these - why do we 
need deposits? Are we a deposit-taking Company? What is 
happening? I don't understand. 
Piyush Gupta: 
So, let me give you a specific answer. You will understand thereafter. 
I'm presuming that if you're using the balance sheet, you're using the 
March 31st, or the September balance sheet, the second quarter 
balance sheet, right?  
Mohit Kumra: 
Of course. 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes. So, INR 588 cr deposit that you take is consequent to our AFE 
business. So, if you understand the AFE business, we take deposits 
from our prospective advertisers in which we take an investment 
position. So, it's second leg of the entry on the AFE deal that they have 
done.  
We are not a deposit-seeking Company under RBI and we don't seek 
cash deposits. These are all AFE deals i.e. ad-for-equity deals, 
whereby the counterparty gives us deposits. And accordingly, we 
subscribe with a similar amount to their equity or whatever financial 
security that we are taking.  
Mohit Kumra: 
Fair enough. I understand. Thank you so much. But on the same vein, 
I wanted to ask you. You announced yesterday also a bunch of 
acquisitions, so to say. Are these also all AFE, all of them?  
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes. All are AFE and they are not acquisitions. These are minority 
investment positions. They are all AFE and they will also give rise to a 
security deposit like the one that you're seeing in the September 
balance sheet.  
Mohit Kumra: 
And your ad-for-property within the AFE, am I correct in assuming that 
this is, let's say, give and take INR 200 cr?  
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, we don't give the specifics, but you will be in the ballpark 
because there are two asset classes that we deal in, which are 
financial securities, which be equity, or any other securities, and the 
second asset class is equity. I won't have the exact split right now, but 
we don't even give that on our call, but you will be in the ballpark. 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
Mohit Kumra: 
Sir, I'm talking about property, ad-for-property. 
Piyush Gupta: 
So, when I say AFE, it's a generic word for both asset classes, equity 
and property. In the balance sheet, when you look at that security 
deposit number, that culminates both properties and equities. 
Mohit Kumra: 
No problem. I'm talking about the asset side, not the liability side. So, 
you have listed properties under two heads. One is investment 
property, and one is held for sale so both of these are your AFE 
properties, right?  
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes. 
Mohit Kumra: 
And these are approximately INR 200 cr, only the property part of it.  
Piyush Gupta:  
Fair enough. Yes.  
Mohit Kumra: 
And you intend to sell all of these. There is no intention of holding? 
Piyush Gupta: 
That's what the businesses. These are not used for captive 
consumption, and we are not keeping this for a long-term. So, as you 
understand the AFE business, the generic characteristic of the 
business is that most of these assets are for sale.  
Mohit Kumra: 
So, that is my balance sheet part. Can I ask you another question? Or 
should I get back into the line?  
Piyush Gupta: 
I think please get in the queue, if you don't mind. 
Mohit Kumra: 
No problem at all. Thank you. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Kumar. Please introduce 
yourself and ask your question. 
Lalit Kumar: 
Hi, Sir. This is Lalit Kumar from Best Media Info. I just wanted to ask 
that as per the recent Dentsu report, the Print industry has been 
shown on a decline, and it is expected to go from 17% to 15% by the 
year 2025. I just wanted to know, is your strategy aligned with the 
ongoing trends. And how is it that you are taking this?  
Piyush Gupta: 
This is a great question, and this is one of the things that we keep on 
debating internally. So yes, we are aligned with the report. I mean 
those declines, will we track them to the T, will we be better or will be 
worse only time will tell.  

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
So, multiple things which are happening here. One, to extend the life 
of Print, we have an AFE business, as you understand, which I was just 
answering to the previous caller. Besides that, we are diversifying our 
business in quite a substantial way. And this journey is not a new 
journey. It's been there for a while. The latest entrant to this journey is 
the OTTplay platform in which we are currently investing.  
But from, let's say, if I were to just broadly give you a perspective from 
about 8-10 years ago, where Print revenues in the total revenue 
stream would constitute about 85% of the revenues. Today, they are 
less than that.  
But of course, Print is still a substantial part of the overall 
consolidated revenue, but our diversification journey into Digital, into 
Radio, into other digital properties like OTTplay, Shine and Mosaic 
Ventures, etc. is something that is showing some traction. And 
obviously, we are investing with a very clear hope that we'll be able to 
diversify our revenue streams.  
Print has been under pressure for the longest time. It will continue to 
be so. But at this point in time, it's still the main, the core of the 
business at this point in time. 
Lalit Kumar: 
Thank you, Sir, thank you so much. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Namit Arora. Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Namit Arora: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Good afternoon. This is Namit Arora 
from IndGrowth Capital. Sir, I have 2 questions. One is that you have 
a very strong balance sheet and significant access to cash. So, given 
that, is there a thought process around taking more risk in terms of 
creating growth avenues?  
I know you were alluding to some of them. But given the very 
comfortable financial position, are there adjacencies that you're 
looking at in the broad media space that you could sort of be taking 
slightly more risk to deploy this cash to create growth avenues for the 
future? 
Piyush Gupta: 
So, Namit, again, another great question. But as I said, look, I think 
everything has to be calibrated not just from an affordability point of 
view, which is the cash on the balance sheet, but also where you're 
having a right to succeed and where the right adjacencies lie.  

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
Now, being a legacy media Company, which has a very strong brand 
presence, obviously, we are extending ourselves into the digital new 
genre and with news, we're also going into various other languages, 
which hitherto we were not there on the digital platforms.  
We are extending ourselves into other adjacencies like OTTplay; into 
Shine, which is a classifieds engine; into Mosaic, which is basically 
catering to a VC and a PE kind of a stage. So those are the things that 
we are doing.  
Now beyond a certain point in time, I don't think we would like to just 
deploy investment for the heck of it because there's something called 
a right to win and something called the absorption capacity. So, at this 
point in time, I think we would like to focus on the things that we are 
doing, and we'd like to rather go deep than go wide on this.  
Our investments in OTTplay and in our Digital businesses. And Digital 
business is not the part that is here. I'm talking about the sister 
concern, which is DCL, are reasonably substantial, and we will keep 
on doing that because really those are the avenues where we have a 
great right to succeed. We have a lot of skill because we've been doing 
that, and our investments are currently tracking that.  
Namit Arora: 
Ok, got it. This is very helpful. Thank you for your detailed and candid 
thoughts. I have one more question. Sir, you have two listed 
companies. Now I understand that one is a holding Company with a 
74% stake, but administratively and otherwise, it's probably a little 
cumbersome. Any thoughts on rationalizing that or you think given the 
difficulties in the Indian environment, you are likely to continue with 
both the listed companies?  
Piyush Gupta: 
Look, I mean, the simple answer is we'd like to simplify things as much 
as possible. But given the Indian environment, as you rightly alluded 
towards, there are a bit of challenges. But if we get, let's say, if we 
manage to bring all our creditors and shareholders together, we would 
definitely like to follow that stream. But at this point in time, we are 
continuing the way it is.  
Namit Arora: 
Got it. Thank you for your detailed thoughts and all the best to the 
entire team. Thank you, sir.  

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hari S. Mr. Hari you will 
have to unmute yourself. As there is no response, we will move onto 
the next participant. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
The next question is from the line of Narendra Khuthia. Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. This is Narendra from RoboCapital. So, Sir, 
my only question is regarding the Radio business. So, could you throw 
some light on where the radio yields are as compared to pre-Covid 
levels? And what needs to be done to take these yields back to those 
levels? 
Piyush Gupta:  
That's also a great question, Narendra. The simple answer is no, they 
are still struggling versus the pre-Covid level. So, there are multiple 
things that we are trying in the marketplace. Of course, taking yield at 
this point in time where the digital music or the digital audio is gaining 
so much traction is not an easy journey, but we are on it for the longest 
time. And there is some improvement in this quarter result on a y-o-y 
basis. But of course, that doesn't take us to a pre-Covid level at this 
point in time.  
However, from an overall Audio business perspective, there are a lot 
of new initiatives that we are throwing into the mix. If you see the 
growth - the handsome growth that you see this quarter is primarily 
driven not just by on-air properties, but by off-air properties as well, 
including events and various other adjacencies, which sit very well 
with the Radio business.  
So, yield is definitely top of the agenda, but it's a marathon. I mean it's 
not a sprint. So, we are at it and hopefully, sooner rather than later, 
we'll be able to bring it up to a pre-Covid level, which has been the 
stated intent, and we are at it, but we're still far away from the pre-
Covid levels.   
Narendra Khuthia: 
Ok Sir. Could you share some steps that we are taking towards this, if 
possible? 
Piyush Gupta: 
So, multiple, look, I think on the digital platform, we are taking our 
audio properties digitally because a lot of customers are shifting 
digitally. So that's where we are now also trying to capture our 
customers and our listeners, so that the revenue basically can come 
from a different stream.  

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
We are doing a lot of events - musical events in various cities where 
we've got a radio property present, which is an auto extension of a 
terrestrial radio property. So that's the other thing that we are on to 
apart from obviously, the yield management and the inventory 
management that we are at any point in time.  
Now, also the point to be understood is Radio is a very heavily 
regulated business, and there is a lot of royalty and license 
commitments and fees that you have to pay to the Government. So, 
there are various proposals that at an industry level are pending with 
the Government to give some ease to the sector. Some part of that, 
the Government has already relented and the balance we are hoping 
at some point in time will be given.  
So, with those things coming into being, the economics will change 
very substantially for the better, of course, but that's only something 
that time will tell.  
Narendra Khuthia: 
Ok, sir, all right. Thank you so much and all the best.  
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash R. Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Yash R: 
First of all, congratulations for a good set of numbers. As far as ad 
revenue numbers are concerned for English we've done well. So, I 
would like to know the reason behind it, what are the verticals that 
have contributed and whether we have this revenue on account of a 
greater volume or is it because of pricing has improved drastically?  
Piyush Gupta: 
Let me request my colleague Anna to take this question. 
Anna Abraham:  
The volume in the advertising market this quarter was not very robust. 
So, it is pricing and mix that has helped in the revenue growth as was 
articulated towards the first part of the conversation. This is a festive 
quarter, so, we also had a lot of initiatives and events during this 
quarter as well which also helped us garner our additional revenue.  
Yash R: 
Ok, sorry for cutting in, I didn't make myself clear. My question was 
with regards to previous year. So, I can see a decent amount of growth, 
over previous year as well. I understand that q-o-q would not be 
comparable because we have festive during this quarter, but what 
about the comparison versus previous year? 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
Anna Abraham:  
I was actually giving you the comparable versus previous year. Market 
volumes have not grown versus previous year. However, we have been 
able to grow pricing, it's a combination of the absolute price increase 
as well as the categories because there is a difference in pricing 
between categories also.  
So, there's a mix impact, there is a pure pricing impact. And as I 
mentioned, we've been able to garner more revenue from special 
initiatives and events this quarter vis-a-vis quarter of last year.  
Piyush Gupta: 
And if I may just add to what my colleague just said. Look, as I was 
explaining to one of the other participants on this call, earlier. So, the 
industry reports are also not predicting exponential growth in the Print 
revenues, which is how it's playing out in terms of volumes. So really, 
the next lever that we have is on the pricing, which Anna is alluding 
towards.  
So, we've been on to pricing. But given the festive buoyancy, that was 
a good opportunity, and we managed to capitalize very well on that. 
So that's definitely given a flip to the P&L. And the other initiatives 
which Anna was articulating are these various events and off-air or off-
property events that we have done, which helped us garner handsome 
revenues.  
Yash R: 
What events would this be if you can just give an example? 
Anna Abraham: 
So, we have multiple events that happens both in English markets and 
in Hindi market. So, the Hindustan Times Leadership Summit is a big 
event that we had. We also have other initiatives like the HT City 
Unwind which happened this quarter.  
Yash R: 
Okay. And which are the verticals that contributed to the growth?  
Anna Abraham: 
We do give segment financials, so you can see that Print and Radio 
have both grown. 
Yash R: 
Ok. No, no. I'm talking about the Print vertical per se, Print business 
per se. I can see a comment that says a key commercial category 
except FMCG, BFSI and Industrial, but there has been no word on the 
sectors that have done well, or the categories have done well.  
Anna Abraham: 
Most of the other sectors have grown well. So, Auto has done well, 
Real Estate has done well, Retail has done well. We only quoted the 
ones which have not done well. 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
Yash R: 
Ok. That's great. What about the circulation revenue, I think I missed 
that point. Why is there a de-growth not just versus previous year, but 
previous quarter as well? Is this because of the drop in copies? 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, not exactly. As I was explaining to another caller earlier, we are 
on a journey to increase our copies in the marketplace and for that, we 
are giving a certain amount of discount as an initial discount for the 
copy so that's bringing down the circulation revenue. So, the 
realization per copy to that extent is coming down slightly, but we are 
increasing the number of copies with a hope that the circulation can 
increase.  
Yash R:  
And so, I mean, what about the copies? Are they flat versus previous 
quarter or where is it? 
Piyush Gupta: 
No. So basically, versus previous quarter, they are going up. But on the 
revenue, you will find that the revenue is going down because there's 
a cost associated to that, which is coming, which is only the initial 
cost. Once the copies have become structural, the cost goes away 
and the copies stay. 
Yash R: 
Ok. So, this is the cost is just the discount is what you're talking about, 
right?  
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes. 
Yash R: 
Ok. All right. That's about it from my end. Thank you. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mehul Parikh.  Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Mehul Parikh: 
Good afternoon Piyush and Anna. One of my questions is the tie-up 
that we have with BSNL, where we are offering OTTplay on BSNL 
network. So, they are offering it free to their subscribers. So, are we 
getting paid for something? Or is it per subscriber or is it a lump sum 
amount? 
Piyush Gupta: 
So, Mehul, first of all, that tie-up is having a sputtering start. I mean 
BSNL being a Government organization is into various discussions 
with us. A full-fledged tie-up has still not come into the being. But 
whatever services that we are providing to them, we are getting paid.  
So BSNL might be providing it to their customer base for a discounted 
price. But whatever services we are providing at this point in time, we 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
13 
 
are obviously getting paid for it. But as I said, that tie-up has to come 
into full bloom. It's still not there. 
Mehul Parikh: 
Okay. Are you expecting it to happen?  
Piyush Gupta:  
Well, it's multiple discussion processes. BSNL is discussing with a lot 
of service providers, so we will have to wait and watch.  
Mehul Parikh: 
Ok. And the expenses on OTTplay that we are doing every year, are we 
expecting it to go down in future or continue at these levels?  
Piyush Gupta: 
Go down for sure.  
Mehul Parikh: 
Ok. Thank you very much. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vedant Bhasin.  Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Vedant Bhasin: 
Good afternoon. I would just like to ask one question related to the 
events. You alluded to the fact that you've got significant revenue 
coming from there. But if you can just detail which segment would this 
additional revenue be under? Like would it be under the Print or Radio 
and how much would that be? If you could just quantify it?  
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, it will be under both the segments, but I'll ask Anna to give you 
the details.  
Anna Abraham: 
So, we have it under Print, and we have it under Radio. We will not be 
able to quantify it for you. But across categories, we have had   
advertisers participate in the initiatives. In Print, we had it in Hindi 
locations and in HT locations.  
Every quarter, we do have similar initiatives, it's not that this has been 
specific to this quarter. Just that, two scaled events happened this 
quarter and it happened together. Otherwise, every quarter, we do 
have some level of events happening. 
Vedant Bhasin: 
Ok. All right. And if I can just understand from the event side, would 
you say from your margin standpoint, is this more or less accretive 
than the normal maybe Print ad volumes or Radio ad volumes? 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, one thing that you need to understand, they are all different. So, 
first of all, there are some events which are continuing for a very long 
time like the Hindustan Times Leadership Summit. Now these things 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
will already have an IP created to that, so they will have a better 
margin.  
There are some that we are doing very tactically, they might or might 
not have a margin and some we do to garner a certain amount of 
revenue to make a segway into a certain segment, which might be at a 
marginally negative margin also.  
So basically, if you want to paint a general picture, I would say the on-
property revenue will be generally always more profitable because it's 
automatically got a brand associated with it. But if the event has 
become branded over a period of time, obviously, it can come to those 
levels or exceed. But the ones that are done tactically for a specific 
reason might or might not have those kind of margin profiles. 
Vedant Bhasin: 
Alright understood, thank you very much. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mehul Pathak. Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Mehul Pathak: 
Hello Anna, Piyush. Congratulations on a good set of numbers on the 
top line. 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, I'm happy Mehul that you are happy. 
Mehul Pathak: 
No, I'm not entirely happy. The ad revenue going up is definitely a 
pleasant sign. 
Piyush Gupta: 
With your good wishes and your blessings, Mehul, we'll be able to take 
it even further up. Let's see. But this is not a forward-looking 
statement. This is just to you. 
Mehul Pathak: 
Okay. Two questions. The first is that other expenses on a half yearly 
basis are up INR 80 cr. So, I'm usually seeing that whenever top line 
goes up, the bottom line also significantly goes up and therefore, 
accretion to the bottom line is just not happening. So, if you could give 
some color on the bottom line on the expenses first with some 
breakup, if you can share as to how much of that is strategic and how 
much is to generate revenue? So, for example, if it is strategic, the 
other expense, then I would say that, okay, in future, it might give.  
So, at least some, I would say, color on the management thought 
behind the increase in expenses. And the other thing is when can we 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
hope that the top line will grow faster than the expenses? So that is 
question number one. 
Piyush Gupta: 
Okay, Anna, please go for question number one. 
Anna Abraham: 
So, Mehul the other expenses cost that your seeing is largely on 
account of our investments in OTTplay, because except for salaries, 
all the other cost of OTTplay tends to sit in this particular line. And that 
is really the reason for our increase in cost and some related costs on 
account of the events. Every other cost is completely under control 
and in line. So that's the answer to your first question. 
Mehul Pathak: 
When will we start seeing the rate of change of top line to be higher 
than the rate of change of expenses, for 5-6 years we are waiting, when 
will that happen? 
Piyush Gupta: 
So, Mehul, let me try to triangulate two or three conversations here. 
One of other investors on this call was basically talking about making 
investments in future-looking businesses, which is currently the 
OTTplay and the Digital business, which is not sitting here, but that's 
where it is going, right?  
The second thing is how do we bulletproof or hedge our Print revenue 
streams, which are under perpetual pressure and the pressure has 
only gone from bad to worse post-Covid. Now the whole thing is there 
will be some tactical plays, there will be some strategic plays.  
Now, if you basically break down the segment separately, if you look 
at the Print revenue separately and divorce that from the investment 
P&L of OTTplay you will see that the operating leverage really what 
you're talking about is indeed in this quarter on the Print side flowing 
down to the bottom line. So, the revenues are growing much faster 
than the expenses.  
But what vitiates the picture is because OTTplay expenses are sitting, 
which, by the way, themselves on a y-o-y basis are 65% lower than the 
same quarter last year, but there are still substantial expenses 
happening there. And that is a business for future that we are on the 
journey of creation at this point in time. Hence, that is vitiating the 
picture. But Print itself, the operating leverage is flowing.  
Now on the investment P&L, we are very prudently making those 
investments in a calculated manner to see that the outcomes really 
have an impact. Now if these businesses do all scale up in the next 4-

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
5 years, then of course, you'll have that operating leverage flowing 
from all the business and all the revenue streams. 
Mehul Pathak: 
You are saying using the word “if”. 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, if this is 5 years, I mean, I can't give you a 5-year statement. What 
I'm saying is we are investing for a business we believe will create a 
long-term sustainable value creation for all shareholders. Now we are 
on this journey, and we've been transparently sharing with all our 
shareholders.  
Now whether that will go into a 30% EBITDA business or a lesser or a 
more number, only time will tell. We found the space and we are very 
diligently investing in the space. Let's see what eventually comes out 
when this business becomes mature. 
Mehul Pathak: 
Can I ask my second question, or I'll go back into the queue? 
Piyush Gupta: 
If you can go back in the queue Mehul, will be appreciated. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumra. Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Mohit Kumra: 
Can you hear me, please?  
So, this is specifically related to OTTplay now. You don't give a lot of 
forward-looking statements, but it is like common knowledge that 
there are about 125 million paying viewers in India for OTT, YouTube 
and Netflix and everything in the world. That's a roundabout figure. 
Can somebody looking at your Company or investing in your Company 
at least assume that you'll take 1% of that market out of 125 million? 
Is that a fair assumption to make? 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, that is definitely a fair assumption. I think it will be more than 
that. But one thing, if you want to true-up that equation into 
economics, you will have to basically from the total addressable 
market, you'll have to go to the value proposition that is: What is the 
subscriber paying you, then you'll have to basically go into the cost of 
acquisition and then saying which are the mature subscribers who are 
now coming, let's say, on automated basis like because you're talking 
about YouTube and Netflix, most of these are on auto renewal 
property.  

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
So, we are basically, definitely addressing more than 1%. But at this 
point in time, there is a certain ARPU and there is a certain acquisition 
cost that we are getting out of pocket on. And those are the metrics 
that have to go up.  
And the addressable market will definitely be more than 1% because 
if there are 125 million or 12.5 crore people there with a bouquet of 30-
plus OTTs that we are giving them for a fraction of the cost of the sum 
of parts, we will be able to address a much bigger market than 1% for 
sure. 
Mohit Kumra: 
I'm just trying to be pessimistic at the moment, to be honest. So, let's 
say 1%. 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes, no, fair enough, so call that as your baseline. But I'm saying we 
will go beyond the baseline. 
Mohit Kumra: 
So, you will be very disappointed if it is 1%, let's say, in two years, three 
years, you will be disappointed at least. 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, me personally, absolutely. 
Mohit Kumra: 
All these are ballpark figures. So as of this moment, your Digital, if I 
analyze your 9 months, it's approximately INR 50 cr your revenue 
there. And if I just take an average of, let's say, INR 200 ARPU, I went 
to your site and saw the different schemes. So, you have 
approximately 2 lakh users right now. Am I correct in that? Or is that 
unfounded? 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes, well, that's not correct, but we will not like to share that on a 
public call, but that number is not correct. 
Mohit Kumra: 
Ok, I won't try to trick to tell you something. But my first question was 
that it is reasonable to assume that you will, if this business is to be 
successful, you will have 1% of the market, let's say, 10 lakh users, 
let's say, INR 200 ARPU, let's say, in a couple of years, you should at 
least be doing INR 200 - 250 cr of business per year from this stream. 
Piyush Gupta: 
I absolutely agree with your broad calculation.  
Mohit Kumra: 
Fair enough. See running any business you switch on a tube light in 
your office, expenses are always there. But when will the chunk of the 
expenses peter-off in this? Because you initially told us in previous 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
18 
 
calls that you had been expensing everything. Nothing is capitalized in 
this business. Everything is expensed, right? 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes. 
Mohit Kumra: 
And when do we expect this to peter-off, the expenses that is? 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, if you just compare the segment on a y-o-y basis, the expenses 
this quarter versus the third quarter FY24 is down 65%, if you see that, 
right? 
Mohit Kumra: 
Yes. 
Piyush Gupta: 
And if this journey continues, you can already extrapolate that how the 
numbers will go forward. Now the only trick is, expenses - again, you'll 
have to break down in 2 or 3 big buckets, right? Some will be direct 
expense, which is the CAC kind of expense - the cost of acquisition of 
customers then basically renewal has a certain kind of expense and 
then you have the SG&A kind of expenses, right? So, the moment the 
product itself establishes and embeds itself into that 1% or 2% or 10% 
or what have you, the CAC itself goes away. And then obviously, the 
economics change very substantially.  
The only other second part outside of expense is the ARPU as you are 
talking about INR 200. Now if it is INR 200, I mean, it has a mix of 
people who are currently on a discounted scheme, people who are 
currently on a full price scheme and everything in between. So, once 
that number settles at somewhere close to 200, as you're saying, the 
economics become very different. 
Mohit Kumra: 
I would like to sort of register what you can only call a complaint right 
now. There is Mr. Avinash who is the CEO of OTTplay separately, right? 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes. 
Mohit Kumra: 
Now his interaction with the public and if you just make a simple 
Google search and he has interviews with other people, if you go to the 
news part of the Google search. This is discussed and I said this once 
before also some 2 or 3 con-calls ago. Whatever he says in public, 
your shareholders have a right to hear that directly from you or from 
him.  
And since this is becoming a very big part of your business, I am sure 
all your investors would deeply appreciate if Mr. Avinash was here to 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
19 
 
answer questions because if you just Google right now, there is an 
interview with somebody called Media Brief in which he is confirming 
that the thing with BSNL is done and he's confirming that some big 
event on live sports is going to come, big announcement is going to 
come.  
Don't you feel that your investors who come on this call deserve to 
hear it before anybody, and directly from him. We should hear this, 
right?  
Anna Abraham: 
Ok, we heard your point. What you hear on this call is factual and 
which should be what is taken as the correct picture. We are the 
representatives of the Company to be able to disclose this 
information and to give you the factual position. 
Mohit Kumra: 
He's the CEO. 
Anna Abraham: 
There are sometimes expectations also which are conveyed. And 
therefore, if at all you want facts, please take what we are saying as 
facts. And in the meantime, we have registered your point and we will 
ensure that the street is not getting multiple different information. But 
for factual information, please refer to our call. 
Mohit Kumra: 
Thank you for your time. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hari S. Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Hari S: 
This is Hari and I'm an individual investor. My question is regarding this 
cash holding has increased for this quarter. What is the reason? And 
the second one is regarding this holding cash for advertisement 
because it has become a huge investment like maybe it should be 
reported as a separate head, because are there any provisions being 
made on the investments? Or are they in a profit or not?  
Anna Abraham: 
So, we heard you. I think there is a bit of disturbance but let me try and 
address what we thought we heard from you. There has been cash 
generation on the back of better operating performance of the 
Company, better working capital release. And you were alluding to the 
investments that we do as part of AFE, I think there also as Piyush had 
articulated earlier, the journey is always to ensure exit and generating 
cash and that also we've been successful.  

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
So, all of those have contributed to do better cash that you're seeing 
in the books and we have reported that as well. And whenever we 
publish our financials any provisions, etc. are clearly separately 
called out, so you have information on those.  
Any mark-to-market movements are also there in our reports any 
profits that we make are part of our other income. So, I think all the 
appropriate disclosures are in place as and when we give the detailed 
financial statements and the balance sheet. 
Hari S: 
Ok, thank you very much. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
The next question is from the line of Yash R. Please introduce yourself 
and ask your question. Dear participants, for follow-ons I would 
request to please limit to only 1 question per participant. 
Yash R: 
Okay. So, with regards to the staff cost, I can see there is a slight uptick 
in the cost versus previous quarter. So that would be around 4% to 5%. 
What's the reason behind the same? 
Piyush Gupta: 
You mean the previous quarter – sequentially, versus the second 
quarter?  
Yash R: 
Correct. So it was, if I am not mistaken, it was INR 135 cr and now it is 
INR 140 cr. So, there's a small uptick. It's slightly lesser than 5%. 
Anna Abraham: 
Yeah. So, we had in the 2nd quarter, some variable components, which 
get paid on a half-yearly basis, based on which there was some 
reversal in 2nd quarter, otherwise adjusted for the reversal it's a flat 
cost. 
Yash R: 
Ok. And just one more question. Can you give us the copies that are 
there per se for the quarter for English and language per se? 
Anna Abraham: 
That's not an information that we disclose. 
Yash R: 
Ok alright, thank you. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
The next question is from the line of Mehul Pathak. Please introduce 
yourself and ask your question. 
Mehul Pathak: 
I am an independent investor. It's a larger level question, and that is, 
last 5 years, INR 700 cr of net worth has gone. It is wiped out. I'm a little 
disappointed with the Chairperson's statement for the quarter. There 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
21 
 
is nothing in it for the shareholder. Yes, certain business-related micro 
statements have been made.  
But now in last 3 years, salaries have increased in the Company. 
Salaries have gone up, let's say, from INR 329 cr in 2021 to  
INR 413 cr now. So, it's almost INR 90 cr increase in the last 3 years. 
So internal stakeholders have been kept happy. External 
stakeholders, even now there is nothing.  
And I don't think even this year, there is likely to be a dividend. When I 
look at the performance, it is not going to happen. So, I had this call 
with Anna and another gentlemen in your Company where I had 
requested that I would like to know, does the Company have an 
internal goal for all their senior executives or at least for the Board on 
return on capital. What is the purpose of this business?  
Why is it running? If the cost of capital in India is, let us say, 12%, if you 
are below 12%, the business does not have to right to exist. What is 
the purpose of running a business that will never make 12%. And 12%, 
if you see on return on capital may mean around INR 200 cr of net 
profit from here. So, I don't see that happening.  
On the other hand, money is being retained within the business. And 
you all are investing in various businesses. And return on capital is not 
visible to me as a shareholder. So, did Anna have a chance to discuss? 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes of course she did. So, let me try to address. Two parts to this 
question, Mehul. I totally hear what you are saying. On the ROCE 
point, I totally heard what you're saying. If you've got serious points, I 
think you should definitely bring them to the AGM. Happy to have a 
discussion on that.  
But coming on to the networth is gone; therefore, the market 
capitalizations might be at various levels. And I don't want to say this 
whole stuff, but you look at various other listed media companies and 
you can look at the market capitalization of them in 2018-19 before 
the pandemic and now, there is a bit of a challenge, and that's the only 
reason that we are trying to because of a strong balance sheet, invest 
in our forward-looking businesses so that the ROCE and the ROE and 
the ROIC, all those metrics can show up.  
Now obviously, we are trying our level best, and these are all thought-
out decisions which are happening with every stakeholder in the way 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
we are transparently bringing it to all our investors every quarter. Now 
whether the switch will flip in one quarter or one year, really tough to 
say. But with all earnest, the management is putting their best foot 
forward.  
On the market capitalizations, if you just look at the competitive set in 
the listed space of Print media companies and Radio media 
companies, you'll see that we are much lesser impacted. Because we 
had a strong balance sheet, we have wherewithal to kind of invest in 
future-looking businesses, so that we can create long-term value for 
all shareholders - majority and minority.  
Regarding your other point on the employees, I don't think we are 
giving anything other than market-dictated increments here. We've 
gone through multiple rounds of rationalization in Covid, before Covid 
and after Covid. but that's where we are. And I don't think it's fair to 
compare that we are not doing anything for the external shareholders. 
We are trying to very diligently build businesses for tomorrow. Now 
how they will pan out, we will transparently keep all the shareholders 
in the know. But we won't be able to predict what will come out after 5 
years or 4 years. We are trying our level best. 
Mehul Pathak: 
I'm not grudging internal stakeholders taking salaries, I welcome it. My 
point is while you are saying that compare the market cap of other 
Print 
companies, 
other 
Print 
companies 
have 
distributed  
INR 2,000 cr each DB Corp and Jagran have shared, which HMVL has 
not done.  
So, we are way behind in terms of performance even on Hindi. So, I 
have not heard anything back, what is the glide path? Anna, if you can 
discuss with Ms. Bhartia and come back to us shareholders and say 
that, ok, after 3 years, we are looking at 15% return on capital. You 
internally have a target, is anybody thinking return on capital? 
Piyush Gupta: 
We are thinking all the things, Mehul, but just for the paucity of time, 
we are definitely thinking about it, but I don't think I have anything new 
to say. We are definitely thinking. Hence, we are trying to invest. None 
of the various other companies, which are the competition set that 
you name are trying to create businesses of tomorrow. We are trying 
to do that.  
Now how that will come out, we will see, but that's the journey, and 
we've got this balance sheet, and we are utilizing our balance sheet to 

                             
      February 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
23 
 
create long-term value. Now let's see whether we are successful or 
not. 
Mehul Pathak: 
Thank you. 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you, all. With this, we come to the end of the Q&A session. If 
you have any further queries, please reach out to the Investor 
Relations team. Our contact details are given in the investor 
presentation and are also mentioned on our website.  
I now hand over to Piyush for closing remarks. 
Piyush Gupta: 
Thank you Aaditya. Thank you, dear investors. Thank you for joining our 
earnings call. We hope to see you again in the next earnings call, 
which will be the full year FY25 earnings call. Season’s greetings and 
all the best to every one of you. 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
