 
HCL Technologies Ltd.  
Technology Hub, Special Economic Zone  
Plot No. 3A, Sector 126, NOIDA– 201304, UP, India  
t: +91 0120 6120 25000 
f: +91 120 4680330 
Corporate Identity Number: L74140DL1991PLC046369 
Registered Office:   
806 Siddharth, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi -110009, India 
 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
 
 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532281 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Code: HCLTECH 
 
 
Sub: Audio recording of the Conference Call held on January 13, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
 
In terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
enclosed please find a copy of the transcript of the Audio Recording of the Conference Call 
held on January 13, 2025, post the announcement of the financial results of the Company for 
the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024.  
 
The is also available on our Company’s website https://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations. 
 
 This is for your information and records.               
  
Thanking you, 
    
For HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Anand 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
Manish 
Anand
Digitally signed 
by Manish Anand 
Date: 2025.01.15 
19:08:17 +05'30'

1 
 
 
 
“HCL Tech's Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
 
Mr. C. Vijayakumar – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Mr. Shiv Walia – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Ramachandran Sundararajan - Chief People Officer 
Mr. Nitin Mohta – Senior Vice President & Head - Investor Relations  
 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the HCL Tech's Q3FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing "*" and then "0" on your 
touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Mohta, Head, Investor Relations. Thank you 
and over to you, Sir. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Good day, everyone. A very warm welcome to HCLTech Q3 FY'25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us Mr. C. Vijayakumar – CEO & Managing Director, HCLTech, Mr. Shiv Walia 
– Chief Financial Officer, along with the broader leadership team to Discuss the 
Performance of the Company during the Quarter, followed by Q&A. 
In the course of this call, certain statements that will be made are forward-looking, which 
involve a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. All 
forward-looking statements made herein are based on presently available to the 
management and the company does not undertake to update any forward-looking 
statements that may be made in the course of this call. In this regard, please do review 
the Safe Harbor statements in the formal investor release document and all the factors 
that can cause the difference. 
Over to you, CVK. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Nitin. Good evening, good afternoon and good morning to everyone. I wish 
you all a Happy, Healthy and Prosperous New Year and thank you for joining us for the 
Q3FY'25 Earnings Call. 
We are also celebrating a remarkable milestone, 25 years since HCLTech became a 
publicly listed company. Shiv – our Founder and CEO set then, as we got listed, HCL 
Technologies is dedicated to building long standing relationship with all of stakeholders 
and creating outstanding value for our shareholders. 
From then till December 2024, our employee strength has grown from below 3,000 to 
220,755 as of end of December 2024. 
Our revenue has grown from 166 million by the year ending June 1999 to $13.77 billion in 
the last 12 months ending December 2024, representing a CAGR of 18.9% over the 25-
year journey. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
3 
 
Our annual profit on similar timelines has increased from 22 million to 2.025 billion, which 
is a CAGR of 19.4% over a long 25-year period. 
And since we are talking about public listing today, an important fact – We have 
delivered a total shareholder return at 20.6% on a CAGR basis from IPO till January 10th, 
2024. And even more importantly, we also delivered the highest TSR over the last 10 years 
among the large cap India headquartered IT companies, and #1 in cumulative TSR for the 
last 24 years. 
Overall, a remarkable achievement. Thanks to the support of our employees, clients, 
investors and analysts like you, thank you all.  
Now getting into our business performance for the Quarter: 
Historically, Q3 related to the market has always been a strong quarter for us, thanks to 
the business portfolio mix. 
Our revenue grew 3.8% sequentially and 4.1% on a year-on-year basis in constant 
currency. Our operating margin stood at 19.5%. 
Our Services business grew 2.2% sequentially and 4.9% year-on-year in CC terms. This 
was supported by IT and Business Services growing at 1.5% sequentially and 5.8% year-
on-year. 
Engineering and R&D Services grew 5.4% sequentially in constant currency and 1.1% year-
on-year. 
HCL Software delivered a good performance, growing 18.7% sequentially while declining 
2.1% year-on-year in constant currency. HCLSoftware's Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) 
stood at 1.022 billion, a 0.6% decline year-on-year in constant currency. This growth 
moderation on a year-on-year basis is on the back of good year-on-year growth for the 
prior five quarters. The current EBIT percentage of 34.5% is also an all-time high for the 
HCLSoftware business. 
In terms of geographies: 
Americas grew 6.2% year-over-year and 1.9% sequentially, while Europe grew 3.5% 
sequentially and 2.6% year-on-year, all in constant currency. The rest of the world 
remained flat on a quarter-on-quarter basis, while it grew 2.9% year-on-year on CC basis. 
As verticals, we had strong growth in Technology and Financial Services with a quarter-
on-quarter increase of 2.5% and 1.9% respectively in constant currency during the 
quarter. The growth in Tech and Financial Services is in line with our commentary in the 
past of witnessing increasing spending patterns in FS and Tech verticals. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
4 
 
Retail and CPG also had even higher growth with the quarter-on-quarter of 13.7% growth 
in constant currency terms. This growth was also broad based, but the strong double-
digit quarter-on-quarter growth was a function of a large project execution which got 
completed last quarter. 
Similarly, we had a solid 4% quarter-on-quarter growth in CC in our Telecom and Media 
business, attributed to the closing of HPE CTG acquisition and a contribution of one 
month revenue from the business. 
And during a period of relatively slow industry growth, we continue to grow our top 
customers; we added two in the $100 million category, added four in the $50 million 
category and four in the $20 million category on a year-on-year basis. Our top five and 
top 20 clients continue to expand their business with HCLTech. 
In terms of booking: 
We won 12 deals, seven deals from Services and five from software in this quarter and 
total new booking TCV for Q3 stands at $2.1 billion with small deals growing stronger 
than the large deals in an era where large deals are getting broken into smaller chunks. 
This growth in small deals won is what we would want to see as it is also in line with the 
client spend patterns. 
We are also noticing the average duration of signed deals getting shorter. The shift 
towards shorter tenured deals naturally leads to moderated TCV, but the more important 
metric in this context is ACV and it is quite good. On a year-on-year basis, ACV has grown 
23% and sequentially it has grown 9%. 
We are also seeing a sizable number of deals influenced by AI and Gen AI. Some of our 
largest wins are enabled by AI-led transformation and I will talk about AI-related 
propositions and the progress we have made in a while. 
Our pipeline continues to grow and remain strong and is getting closer to an all-time 
high. You might remember our all-time high pipeline was in the back of a mega deal at 
the start of the last fiscal year. This time it's broad-based and it is backed on several deals 
led by a digital application business, engineering and R&D Services and a digital process 
operations business. Both Americas and Europe have shown strong growth in the 
pipeline as we got to this near all-time high pipeline. 
On the people front: 
Our people count stands at 220,755, which is a net addition of 2,134. Our attrition stands 
at 13.2% on an LTM basis, slightly higher compared to the previous quarter, which is a 
natural consequence of the demand pickup. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
5 
 
Coming to some of our key verticals: 
Telecom, Media and Technology sector is undergoing a dynamic shift, prioritizing more 
with less, driven by efficiency, measurable impact and ROI focused investments. Despite 
cautious discretionary spending, particularly among OEMs, HCLTech is leveraging next-
generation technologies like cloud and generative AI alongside the acquisition of CTG 
assets from HPE to deliver transformative, future-ready solutions. This deal, while 
expanding our partnership with HPE gives us industry-leading IP, engineering and R&D 
talent, and client relationships with top global communication service providers, 
especially in Japan and Europe to strengthen our Engineering Services capability and to 
expand the position in the Telecom Services market. 
We are spearheading Gen AI innovation, leveraging partnerships and dedicated labs to 
integrate AI solutions for our clients. Our ongoing digital and cloud-related initiatives 
along with strategic partnership with hyperscalers are driving growth in the tech sector. 
Relationship with industry leaders like SAP and ServiceNow further strengthen our 
position, driving innovation and operational efficiency for our clients. I will also talk about 
the partnership with SAP in detail a little later. 
HCLTech remains focused on network modernization and enhancing digital customer 
experience - positioning ourselves for sustained growth in the Telecom vertical. 
We continue to see strong momentum with the recent wins. Fortune 50 Telecom 
Company expanded their partnership with us to enhance the client operations with 
automation and AI solutions such as AR/VR live retail dashboards and smart hubs for 
better user and client experience. We strengthened our capabilities in AI-driven contact 
center transformation by further expanding our partnership with a US based global 
technology company to help transform contact centers with generative AI and cloud-
based solutions. 
Coming to Financial Services: 
We are continuing to see improvement in client spending. The adoption of AI by 
enterprises is poised for growth, with Financial Services progressing from proof-of-
concept to enterprise rollout supported by robust business cases. This advancement 
encompasses process automation, AI-driven analytics which will enhance risk 
assessment, strengthen fraud detection and offer personalized financial advice. 
Additionally, we have seen a promising increase in large and medium-sized deals across 
Europe. The type of deals includes platform modernization, whether it is through 
platform replacement or legacy modernization enabled by Gen AI. As organizations 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
6 
 
embark on their journey towards their ideal operational state, they're actively seeking 
providers who can efficiently manage their legacy systems for improved efficiency and 
assist them in navigating the transition to their future state. A number of wins during this 
quarter in the Financial Services segment as we have called out in our investor release. A 
few call out would be a leading US based Financial Services firm will accelerate their 
migration to cloud and enhance product engineering and application capability using 
our cloud smart ecosystem. A Fortune 500 Financial Services firm, selected us as its 
strategic partner for Hybrid Cloud and Network Solutions as well as Digital Workplace 
Transformation, again leveraging our AI capabilities. 
In Latin America, a Financial Services provider will be using our Domino and BigFix 
Solutions to manage the life cycle and compliance of 19,000 devices and 3,400 servers 
across more than 600 locations. 
The Central Bank of Ireland has now signed a 7-year contract with us with option to 
expand for up to further three years for data center managed Services. These 
partnerships emphasize our commitment to delivering innovative solutions and 
exceptional service. 
In Engineering Services, we are seeing decent momentum with our new integrated sales 
organization fully operational. While Europe continues to remain challenged, specifically 
in the auto sector, we have a few good wins globally; a Japanese semiconductor major 
partnered with us to co-develop a next-generation computing SOC for automotive 
applications, including ADAS and infotainment solutions. 
A leading Europe-based global automobile major selected us to transform the supply 
chain with SAP-based solutions. Our engineering work is at the core of clients’ business 
model, making us a strategic partner for them. Clients like Teradyne acknowledge that 
our support and collaboration have been key in solidifying their position as a global 
leader in the automatic test equipment market. 
We also received the Intel Partner Award for Market Acceleration in SI/GSI/MSP 
Category. 
HCLSoftware, while I talked about the revenue and margin performance, in terms of 
directionally software defined Services, also called a software-as-a-service is fast 
emerging as a change agent, which will fundamentally alter the way that the world 
operates, automating tasks and processes in a range of industries and professions. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
7 
 
We as the only Indian service provider are uniquely positioned for the medium to long 
term with a dedicated products and platform organization that operates largely 
independent of the Services business with its own GTM and R&D investments. 
While the business grows strong QoQ, there was a subpar performance on a YoY basis 
with some customers deferring their renewal decisions as well as expansion 
conversations. 
During the quarter, we won several deals including a large one where a UK based retail 
chain selected HCLSoftware's BigFix workload automation, the full suite of DevOps, 
iControl and iAbsorb from the HCLDry iShoot and APP Scan to enhance security, 
infrastructure protection, development processes, software management, automation 
and digital transformation. 
Our investment in Zeenea for Metadata Management and Data Cataloging is showing 
good progress and a combined solution is resonating with the market. 
Multiple analysts are now recognizing the strong propositions we bring by getting many 
of our products into their quadrants and grids. You may recall that some of these 
products were taken out a few years ago before HCLSoftware acquired and decided to 
refresh them. 
In terms of our SAP business- There has been healthy growth across commercial and 
customer applications business. We continue to see strong traction in our SAP business 
led by S/4HANA migration opportunities. We are investing in this and other commercial 
platforms.  
Recently, we inaugurated an Innovation Lab for SAP business AI in Germany to enable 
digital transformation for our clients. The Innovation Lab opening underscores the 
strategic partnership between HCLTech and SAP and will help clients to shift the 
transition to SAP, S/4HANA, Cloud through Rise with SAP by utilizing SAP business AI 
technology. There have been a few notable wins during this quarter in the SAP space. 
Coming to Generative AI: 
It's getting more real. The cost of using LLNs or conversational AI models are reducing. It 
has dropped more than 85% since early 2023, making more use cases viable. 
We are witnessing an increase in momentum in data, AI and generative AI opportunities, 
AI Force deployment and customer interactions in AI lab. Agentic AI is another big 
opportunity where we can enable our clients as they empower their employees and 
customers with more AI-led features. There has been a number of examples of the AI-
led wins which you can read from our Investor Release. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
8 
 
Multiple analyst recognition for our AI, Gen. AI solution including endorsement from 
Technology Business Research of our AI Force platform and underscores the impact that 
we are creating. Focus from customers is on strategic transformation with AI, GenAI in 
high impact use cases. 
We are continuing to invest in repeatable horizontal and vertical solutions to accelerate 
high impact use cases. Calling out a few, industry-focused solutions are intelligent, 
regulatory and safety platform in pharma, trade surveillance and Financial Services, 
smart eye quality assistant in manufacturing. Horizontal Solutions include AI Force-led 
legacy modernization, contact center transformation using hyperscaler solutions, and 
Agentic AI for IT operations. 
During the quarter, we also accomplished a few other critical milestones to enable future 
growth in space. Integrated AI Force with GitHub Copilot to accelerate value and 
benefits across software development life cycle. 
We launched IBM Responsible AICOE with our AI and cloud native labs in New Jersey. 
Two new cloud native and AI labs launched with partners -- ServiceNow in Noida and 
SAP in Munich. We also established responsible AI in governance office. We continue to 
supercharge progress as the fastest growing top ten IT Services brand and continue to 
get recognized by Media and analysts. Happy to inform that HCL Group has been 
honored as One of the Best India's brands in ET Now Best Brand Conclave. We are 
recognized by Newsweek as One of America's Most Reliable Companies 2025. We were 
also recognized by Forbes as One of the World's Best Employers for the 5th Consecutive 
Year. We are the only India headquartered company in the Professional Services 
Category to be among the top 10 for five years in a row. We also received (+125) 
leadership recognitions from analysts during the last quarter. 
Project Ascend is progressing well on various fronts. Teams are working in full speed to 
drive various actions that have been planned. We have deployed GenAI solutions 
internally to drive this efficiency initiatives. 
In 2025, we expect companies to increase their IT investments. We have seen 
improvements over the last two quarters. We do see an overall improvement in the 
discretionary spending environment. Our clients are investing to drive innovation and 
efficiency with Gen AI and data at the center of such initiative. 
On this backdrop, there could be some significant changes in the global business 
landscape during the year, which can impact our clients and their spending priorities. 
While we are confident on the pace of the medium-term recovery from what we have 
seen, bear in mind our Q4 outlook accounts for certain specific factors which we will 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
9 
 
explain a little later. On the positive side, small deals are getting converted quicker while 
larger deals are taking time to convert. 
With that, I will request Shiv to walk you through more details on the numbers and then 
we will come to the Q&A. 
Shiv Walia: 
Thank you, CVK. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening and happy new year to all 
of you. Thank you for joining our Q3 financial year '25 earnings call. 
Let me walk you through our Financial Performance for the Quarter: 
Starting with the revenue performance: 
Total revenue for the quarter is $3,533 million, a 3.8% increase quarter-on-quarter and a 
growth of 4.1% year-on-year in constant currency terms. 
Coming to the Services side: Services revenue came in at $3,145 million, which is an 
increase of 2.2% quarter-on-quarter and a growth of 4.9% year-on-year in constant 
currency terms. 
Software revenue for the quarter is $400 million at 18.7% increase quarter-on-quarter 
and a degrowth of 2.1% year-on-year in constant currency. 
Moving on to the profitability metrices: Our EBIT is at $690 million at 19.5% of revenue, 
which is an improvement of 93 basis points quarter-on-quarter basis. Net income for the 
quarter is 544 million at 15.4% of revenue. We are pleased to note that this is our highest 
ever EBIT and net income in a quarter. 
Just to give you some color on how our margins have moved quarter-on-quarter: 
The Software business contributed 114 basis points improvement at the company level. I 
am pleased to note that this represents our all-time high margins in Software business. 
Services margin dropped by 22 basis points quarter-on-quarter. Our margin 
improvement plan Project Ascend gave us approximately 100 basis points in this quarter, 
which majorly offset the wage high impact of 80 basis points, furlough seasonality 
impact of 14 basis points and CTG acquisition and impact including integration expense 
of 20 basis points. Forex gave us 80 basis points in this quarter. 
I would also like to spend a minute on our Return on Invested Capital (ROIC): Our ROIC 
continues to improve. Thanks to our ongoing focus on profitability and efficient capital 
management. The last 12 months ROIC is at 36.6% for the company, up 385 basis points 
year-on-year and Services ROIC now is at 44.7%, up 455 basis points year-on-year. 
Software continues to improve with ROIC at 18%, up 160 basis points year-on-year. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
10 
 
Cash generation is the another highlight I would like to focus your attention on: Cash 
generation remains strong. Over the last 12 months, operating cash flow is at 285 billion, 
while free cash flow amounted to 2.72 billion. Operating cash flow to net income 
conversion is at 141% and free cash flow to net income is at 134%. 
Our balance sheet continues to strengthen with gross cash at 3.5 billion and net cash at 
3.24 billion. Cash generation has improved on the back of our improved DSO 
performance. Total DSO including unbilled is currently at 77 days, a two days 
improvement quarter-on-quarter and a nine days improvement year-on-year. This is the 
best ever DSO performance in recent years. 
Now, moving on to the EPS and Dividend: 
For our shareholders, the diluted EPS for the last 12-months came in at INR62.91, which 
is up 8.7% year-on-year. The board has declared an interim dividend of 12 per share for 
the quarter and on completing 25 years of listing, the board has also announced an 
additional special dividend of six per share. The record date is 17th of January '25 and the 
payment of the same shall be 24th of January '25. That brings our 12-month payout at 
Rs.60 per share, effectively distributing 95.2% of our net income. 
Now, moving on to the guidance: 
As mentioned in our investor release, our revised guidance for the financial year '25 are 
as follows. The revenue growth guidance is for the full year is 4.5% to 5% year-on-year in 
constant currency terms. This includes approximately 50 basis points contribution from 
HPE CTG acquisition Services. Services revenue growth is also expected to be between 
4.5% to 5% year-on-year in constant currency terms. EBIT margin guidance is unchanged 
at 18% to 19%. 
That is all from my side and now I will pass it on to the operator for the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Just a quick question on the guidance and also your comment on the ACV up 9%, 20% 
YoY. Seems to be implying a negative at the midpoint for the 4th Quarter. Can you maybe 
elaborate a bit more in terms of where that comes from? And, since you mentioned 
smaller deals are converting faster, could you broadly talk about discretionary spending 
across the industries? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
For Services, the organic Q4 ask rate which was (-1.32%) to (+0.6%) to reach the lower end 
and higher end of the guidance. We have seen an improvement in the demand; small 
deals are getting converted quicker and larger deals are taking time. That is why you see 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
11 
 
the TCV has not changed materially, but ACV has. While we feel good and confident of 
the pace of recovery, Q4 outlook accounts for a couple of things; one is successful 
delivery of a large transformation program which is coming to an end in Q3, there is a 
planned reduction in the mega deal which was expected and ramp up in some of the 
discretionary deals also will take some time because some of the conversions happen 
towards the end of the year. Now ramp up and getting into revenue only partially will get 
realized. So, the underlying momentum remains quite strong, but some of these factor’s 
kind of make Q4 a little soft. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Thank you. How does calendar 25 looks to you right now, given how you're seeing 
conversations around budgets and spend perspective? One of your peers highlighted 
that they are seeing improved deal signings and revenue conversion. Now you of course 
have some one-offs in 4th quarter, but historically we've also seen a softness in your 1st 
quarter. How should we think about the next four quarters on a momentum perspective? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
See, we've called out the pickup in discretionary spend if you really look you have seen a 
broad-based nature of our growth in Q2 and Q3. And we talked about Q4 as well, I think, 
excluding these two factors which would be visible in retail CPG and the telecom vertical, 
we expect good growth in other verticals. Our annual guidance is released in April when 
we close the earlier fiscal, so numerical answer or even a directional answer, you probably 
will have to wait. I think the Q1 softness that you saw last year was also specifically due 
to one large deal getting into the second year. I think that element will not be there, or it 
will only be there marginally in Q1. Other than that, I think it should be a regular BAU kind 
of a quarter. Beyond that, the pipeline is good, and we think we will deliver a good 
booking in the next couple of quarters. Beyond that, I don't want to give you any direction 
on FY26. 
Ankur Rudra: 
I appreciate the color. Just one last question on AI. You spoke a lot about Agentic AI. Just 
a question, the impact of this, is it different from what you had highlighted during the 
analyst day back in August? And overall, is Agentic AI adoption going to be additive or 
diluted to your service portfolio? Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I think it was similar to the conversations that we highlighted during the analyst day. 
Now, I think some of this is getting better enabled, especially in the business process 
space. Agentic is much more promising and I think the real difference is the cost at which 
you can do this is going to make a big difference because Agentic uses small or very 
small models and very, very specific models. That makes the whole price performance of 
what we want to achieve much more compelling, and we think the adoption will 
accelerate. At this point, I see it as a net positive because the biggest driver due to GenAI 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
12 
 
is the legacy modernization programs. So, I think that is picking up a lot of steam. 
Mainframes, where clients were very hesitant to touch, at least clients are happy to 
initiate certain programs around it. The second big element is data, we've seen a good 
uptake in our data pipeline and the bookings in the last quarter. I think these two and a 
little more drive towards cloud adoption. I think these are really the core discretionary 
spends, but it is getting accelerated due to some of the POCs that have been done or 
early experience on Gen AI. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Surendra Goyal from Citigroup. 
Please go ahead. 
Surendra Goyal: 
Yes, good evening, gentlemen. CVK, can you share the ACV trends on a LTM basis now 
that HCLTech has started disclosing that data point again? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Surendra, I don't have the LTM trend readily available. We can share it maybe towards 
the end of the call if we can. 
Surendra Goyal: 
Sure. And the second question is on planned reduction- was it known in October when 
you reported the second quarter? And the reason I ask is the upper end of your guidance 
was building in a pretty high growth, implied growth in 3Q, 4Q. And in the press 
conference, you said that 3Q played out at least for services in line with what you 
thought? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes. So, I think our guidance was 3.5% to 5%, and the midpoint of that was 4.25%. And if 
you look at our organic guidance now, the midpoint continues to be 4.25%. In this whole, 
when we provided the guidance, we had assumed Q3 to be stronger and Q4 to be weaker 
because we knew this anniversary impact of the large deal would kick in Q2. It's not at 
the same proportion as we talked about last year. This is a little gradual impact. We had 
a small impact in Q3. There'll be a little more impact in Q4 and maybe a residual impact 
in first part of Q1. So, we had factored that in. The large transformation project coming 
to an end where we will recognize the revenue of the completion that was also factored 
in and that's why Q4 was stopped.  
Surendra Goyal: 
My question was more relating to the higher end of the guidance, but I get the point. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, and then higher end of, the guidance also factored in our regular performance in the 
software business at the midpoint. And like the last two, three quarters, we saw a very 
good uptick. So, if that momentum continued, then we were kind of inching a little bit 
above our midpoint. So, those were the rationale for the previous guidance. And now also 
we are at the midpoint organic exactly the same. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
13 
 
Surendra Goyal: 
And last question on software, could you elaborate a bit on that? Is it more a timing issue 
or are you seeing client’s kind of maybe behave a little differently? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
No, I think the client behavior is not changed. And in fact, there is definitely a very good 
acceptance and a renewal rate, all of that has gone up. Some of the renewals and new 
closures that we were expecting to happen in December did not happen. Now, this 
should not be interpreted that the shortfall will get made up in Q4 because there is no 
certainty of the outcomes on the transactions which did not happen in Q3. So, we still 
bake in the low single-digit type of growth for the software business on a full year basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Ganeshan from SBI Pension 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Abhinav Ganeshan: 
I just wanted to understand one small clarification - do you think there can be any impact 
on your BFSI vertical going forward due to the forest fires which have happened in 
California. If I look at it, we are working with 3 of the large 5 insurance players which are 
focused in California. So, if you can give some color on that, that would be useful. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
At this point, we have not seen any impact. I think it's an evolving situation and I think 
when similar things happen, clients want to bring more optimization and things like that. 
But these are very large nationwide insurers. So, we think the business will continue to be 
robust in these clients at this point. And, it's a little early to even get a view of what the 
impacts could be. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama 
Equities, please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
CVK, just wanted to get some color on the manufacturing vertical. I think a couple of 
quarters ago we had called out that we had seen some weakness in the German 
automakers and overall vertical. What is it that you are picking up at this point of time 
and if there is still weakness, do you believe that will persist for some time and your 
overall outlook on how we should look at the sector from the next three months 
perspective? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Manufacturing ex-automotive looks good. We see discretionary spend and some of the 
projects are driven by SAP. If you look at my open demand for manufacturing, the 
numbers are higher than what it was at the end of September. Automotive continues to 
remain challenged. I think there will probably be one or two more quarters of decline 
before some green shoots will come. The reason I am saying this is while there is pressure 
and there are declines, it's also an opportunity for us to construct large transformative 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
14 
 
type of deals. We're seeing some traction there and over it is still a couple of quarters 
away before something meaningful translates. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. That was very helpful. My second question is on a different retail vertical. This 
vertical had typically been quite weak all through the last year for entire industry. We had 
one of your peers recently talking about the vertical bottoming out and we too have 
delivered quite a handsome performance in this vertical in this quarter. So, if you could 
just throw some light on what are the moving parts in this vertical, do you think most of 
these consumer companies or which pockets are the ones which are seeing this kind of 
momentum? And specifically, is it more US retail or Europe retail, which is kind of showing 
a stronger performance than the other one? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, our performance is driven by the US Retail CPG client base. Of course, there is one 
big transformation project which came to an end which created the double-digit 
sequential revenue growth. But even if I exclude that, there has been some good 
momentum in three or four large clients in this segment. The open positions are also, may 
not be as significantly higher like in FS, Tech and other verticals, but Retail and CPG is 
also showing some improvement more in the US. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
And could it be just a quarterly thing that this was a quarter in which there were holidays 
and a bit of momentum that these vertical catches or do you think this at least at this 
point of time appears to be sustainable? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
No, I think it's very correlated to the wins. So, the next quarter you will see a dip in retail 
CPG because the big project is over and that will have an impact. But our general booking 
is higher, but it is not going to compensate for this dip. But overall, the pipeline in this 
segment is looking good. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Just a couple of questions. Firstly, can you clarify once again, you said minus 1.32% to plus 
0.6% 4Q implied growth. One is, did you mention it for services and is it organic or does 
it already include the impact of HPE asset? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I specifically said for services organic Q4 ask rate minus 1.32% to plus 0.6%. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. Okay, great. The other question is on just the broad-based nature of growth. 
If you look at it from a client concentration perspective, our top five clients are pretty 
much growing at 30% plus for the last four quarters. So, a large part of our growth this 
year has been primarily attributable to the top five. Just wanted to understand, are you 
seeing clear signs of growth spreading to your non-top five and even beyond top 20? 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
15 
 
Given that you have made some comments on the ACV side, but just wanted to 
understand whether is growth becoming a bit more broad-based versus what we have 
seen in the last year or so? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I think at a macro level, what your conclusions are correct, but if you just adjust the 
state street divestiture and adjust for one large program where we had the second-year 
impact, then you will see a much more broad-based growth. So, these two are some 
specific items which might kind of compensate for some of the things. Across many 
verticals, you will see the same momentum. So, I think with this data point, you should be 
able to arrive at a slightly different conclusion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please 
go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
My first question, CVK, was around the mega telecom deal which we have. There is a 
planned ramp down in the 4th Quarter. Is there any other background on any of the 
changes which you are aware of over the next one year, which may be coming up? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Next one year, nothing that kind of stands out because we didn't do a mega deal outside 
of that deal last year. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Okay, and in this mega deal, there's only one planned ramp down which will play out in 
the 4th quarter. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I think a very small piece in Q1 as I mentioned earlier, but largely it should be done in 
Q4. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Got it. Secondly, on your software business, we have seen despite revenue coming down 
on a YoY basis, the margin was pretty strong, actually among the highest which we have 
seen in this quarter. Similarly, last quarter also, the margin was pretty strong. So, is there 
any change in the mix of products which you are selling? Is it just a quarterly 
phenomenon? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Maybe Shiv, you can respond, and I will add something more. 
Shiv Walia: 
So, the Q3 is a seasonally strong quarter for us for software, but the margins this quarter 
improved because of two factors. One is the reduced cost as well as lower amortization 
benefit, we got in this quarter. So, these two factors added to the improved margin in this 
quarter. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
And also, to add, we had discontinued some products as well. So, that also helps us 
slightly improve the margins. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Yes, so that should have reflected in the lower amortization as well. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
16 
 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Can you quantify if possible, how much of that benefit is coming from your amortization? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think we didn't want to call out the by service segment how much amortization. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
CVK, if I understood correctly, last year in the 1st quarter, we called out close to a 2% QoQ 
dip because of the normal seasonal softness in services business, offshoring in one of 
the large BFSI deal and some revenue run downs in the discretionary sales. While 
entering in the 1st Quarter of this coming financial year, FY26, seasonal softness may 
continue but the other two parts may not continue. In that scenario, one can directionally 
believe that the 1Q FY26 as a start could be better than 1Q FY25? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think your observation that two of the three factors will not play out in Q1 of FY26, but I 
don’t want to give a commitment on how Q1 will really play out. Qualitatively, the three 
things that contributed in FY25 Q1, only one of them, which is the normal seasonality 
productivity benefit. Only that will play out. Beyond that, of course, it all depends on how 
this quarter goes and the bookings and a lot of other elements would come into play. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay, fair enough. And second, on discretionary spend revival, do you see across most 
verticals or which verticals you believe it has not been happening? Is it more beyond BFSI 
and Tech services? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I think it's across the board except we still are not seeing any pickup in Life sciences 
and Healthcare and even the segment which we call as public services which is what 
energy, oil and gas, utilities, TTL and then Public Services. These two we still don't see. All 
the other five verticals we are seeing open demand from end of September to end of 
December has gone up. And it's an improving trend. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay, thanks. And the last question to the CFO. I think you called out 20 bps impact 
because of the M&A this quarter. So, I just wanted to know what it could be, looks like for 
one month. In the coming quarter it may have an incremental 40 bps impact or lower 
than that because some of the non-recurring M&A related costs may not come in the 
4th Quarter. 
Shiv Walia: 
It's going to be around the same range because we did have some integration cost also 
in this quarter so I don't expect it becoming 40 basis point. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
The recurring component will remain there is. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
17 
 
Shiv Walia: 
Because when we acquire, initially start with the amortization of some of the intangible 
effects also so that will continue but not the initial integration cost. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Two questions from my end. So, the first one is that, see, if you look at the software 
revenue in the current quarter and compare it with the 1st quarter of this year, I compare 
it with the 1st quarter because the 1st quarter revenue in this year and the last year was 
the same. The differential this time is $67 million versus $87 million during the same 
period in the prior year. Now you also mentioned that one shouldn't assume that the 
shortfall will come back. So, does this mean that this is like a loss revenue and this is a 
new base revenue run rate for this business? Second is this really driven by the shutting 
down of your products or it is just a client has sort of chosen not to sort of renew 
something. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, so I mean, I think when I said that you should not extrapolate the comment that some 
of the renewals and some new opportunity discussions got delayed, you should not 
extrapolate to Q4 because those outcomes are still not clear. And these are the 
customers could decide not to renew, or they may decide not to expand on the renewals. 
So, there are many scenarios. So, it's still subjective and it's not like a sure shot it will 
come in Q4. So, I think that's why we called out a caution. And what was the other 
question? 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
No, I think that covers it. The second question is, I think, see over the last 18 months, we 
really have not seen any meaningful spending from clients. So, considering there has 
been a lull, there are two scenarios. One is that do you think that there will be, because 
they're not doing spending and you have increasing technical debt, no matter the macro, 
there will be a pickup in spending. Is that a fair way to assume things? Or do you think 
that there was an overspending earlier and thereby the 18 months didn't have it? So, how 
are you thinking about it broadly? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I think I did touch upon this in Investor Day as well. I think some of the challenges 
that the industry faced were also two parts. One is that during COVID there was a steep 
increase in spend, a moderation of that created the decline for a few quarters, maybe 
starting from December 2022. And the second one, of course, because of the macro, 
there is some tightness in the decline budgets and spending and reprioritization that has 
been happening. I think the reprioritization topic, while still it is relevant, but we are 
seeing customers at least modernizing data, cloud migration, and app modernization. 
These conversations are moving forward with some starting of projects. So, I think that 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
18 
 
is the difference. And that trend, we saw it last quarter. In FS, we were seeing some green 
shoots in tech, and that has really played out well, and now we're seeing in other verticals, 
barring the couple that I called out. So, I think with this factor moderating, customer 
spending should improve, as we've seen in the last couple of quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please go 
ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Congrats guys on the broad-based growth and the improvement in ACV. What is your 
take on how to think about how HCL Tech is positioned in the competitive space when 
demand is picking up? I mean, historically it's been thought that you guys are not very 
strong in applications and not very strong in discretionary spending or when spending 
picks up, you will not benefit as much as your peer group. How should we think about 
that now? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So, Ravi, I mean, I think this question has been asked in the past, but if you really see - the 
proof point was FY23, where when the spending was robust and without a large deal, we 
delivered the highest organic growth in services across industry. So, I think that we 
should put to rest about our ability to maximize when there is a strong spending 
environment comes up, both in engineering and in application space. We feel pretty 
confident, and we are gearing up for an environment where there will be improving 
spend. It may not be so rapid like the way it happened during COVID, but it will, we are 
seeing the right signals, and we are tracking it highly, with a very high level of precision. 
And I think our conclusions are based on that and we are well prepared. However, we 
should just keep in mind that there could be significant changes in the policy 
environment and the overall business landscape in the coming days and weeks and 
months. So, which might change some of the clients thinking and maybe spending 
patterns and reprioritization. Barring that, I think we are really well prepared to harness 
the upcoming momentum. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks, CVK. A quick question on the H1B issue. And I know that HCL Tech historically 
has moved away from visa dependency, and I think you had more than 70% of your 
workforce in the US location. Would that roughly be correct? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I would request Ram to respond to that please. 
Ramachandran S.: 
Yes, but in fact it's closer to 80% of the US employee base is now local. So, you're right, 
the reliance on H1B is one of the lowest in industry in proportionate terms. So, we don't 
expect any impact because of the H1B changes. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
January 13, 2025 
 
19 
 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you. One last question from me on the ER&D side. You were talking about how this 
quarter, we might still see some softness in ER&D, but it looks like that's done well. Were 
there some unexpected areas of spend that picked up? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
No, I think, my comment was not on overall ER&D. I think my comment was specific to 
automotive segment, of course, which has a contribution towards ER&D. But the telecom, 
tech; telecom, the nature of deals are a little different, but tech has got good projects. 
And even some of the manufacturing, I think our open positions have significantly 
increased in ER&D. And right now, we are trying to see how best we can fulfill that is our 
biggest priority for this quarter because some of this happened towards the end of the 
last three weeks or last four weeks of the quarter. And I mean, the overall ER&D in the 
two quarters we've had good growth organically as well. So, we think that momentum 
would continue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. C. Vijayakumar – CEO and MD for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, thank you for joining this call and we are looking forward to some exciting times in 
the overall business landscape and we will keep you updated as we progress and thank 
you for your continued support and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HCL Tech, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
