 
 
 February 10, 2025 
 
The Secretary 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code: 540975 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended December 31, 2024  
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
This is further to our earlier letter dated February 03, 2025, regarding Video/ Audio recordings of 
Earnings call of the Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2024, held on February 03, 
2025, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said Earnings call. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.in/investors/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts  
 
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
  
Thank you 
 
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Hemish Purushottam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
HEMISH 
PURUSHOTTAM
Digitally signed by 
HEMISH PURUSHOTTAM 
Date: 2025.02.10 15:05:10 
+05'30'

 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 3, 2025 
 
 
 
Management: 
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director 
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Anoop Moopen – Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Ramesh Kumar – Chief Operating Officer  
Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha – Chief Investor Relations and M&A Officer 
 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Puneet Maheshwari – Senior Manager, Investor Relations 
 

2 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Good morning, everyone. I welcome you to Aster DM Healthcare 
Earnings conference call for the third quarter of FY25. The company 
declared the Q3 and 9M results for FY25. With us, we have the senior 
management of Aster DM Healthcare, namely Ms. Alisha Moopen, Deputy 
Managing Director, Mr. T J. Wilson, Non-Executive Director, Mr. Anoop 
Moopen, Non-Executive Director, Mr. Ramesh Kumar, Chief Operating 
Officer, Mr. Sunil Kumar, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha, 
Chief Investor Relations and M&A Officer. 
I would like to inform everyone about how we will conduct this call. All 
external attendees will be in listen-only mode for the duration of the entire 
call. We will start the call with opening remarks by management, followed 
by an interactive Q&A session. During the Q&A session, you will get a 
chance to ask a question by raising your hand by clicking on the raise hand 
icon in zoom application at the bottom of your window. We will call out 
your name after which your line will be unmuted, and you will be able to 
ask your question. We request you to please limit your question to two but 
not more than three per participant at a time. 
Certain forward-looking statements may be discussed in this meeting and 
such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like 
government actions, local, political or economic developments, 
technological risks and many other factors that could cause actual results 
to differ materially. Aster DM Healthcare Limited will not be in any way 
responsible for any action taken based on such statements and undertakes 
no obligation to publicly update these forward- looking statements to 
reflect subsequent events or circumstances. With this, I will now request 
Ms. Alisha Moopen to start with opening remarks. Over to you, Ms. Alisha. 
         Alisha Moopen: 
Thank you, Puneet. Good morning, everyone. Wishing everyone a healthy 
and happy 2025. And thank you for joining the Q3 and 9M FY25 earnings 
call. With a shared vision to enhance healthcare accessibility and 
excellence in India, we had announced a strategic move to merge Aster 
DM Healthcare with Blackstone-backed Quality Care India Limited (QCIL), 
bringing together two organizations with a strong legacy of patient care. 
This merger will create one of the top three hospital chains in India. 
This strategic alignment brings together two resilient and high-growth 
organizations. With Quality Care's renowned network of CARE Hospitals, 
KIMSHEALTH, and Evercare, we are excited to combine Aster’s presence 
and expertise. The merged entity will have a portfolio of 38 hospitals and 
over 10,000 beds, extending our footprint across nine Indian states and 
strengthening our presence in South and Central India. Our unified goal is 
to deliver world-class healthcare to the communities we serve. 
While providing an update on the merger, I want to express my profound 
gratitude to our esteemed shareholders for their overwhelming approval 
of the resolution regarding the issuance of equity shares on a preferential 
basis as part of the strategic merger process. Voting on the resolution 
concluded on December 31, 2024, with 92% overall shareholder 
participation. The resolution was approved with 99.99% of the votes in 
favor. 
Ahead of the merger, Aster will acquire a 5% stake in QCIL from Blackstone 
and TPG in exchange for a primary share issuance by Aster, representing 
a 3.6% stake. Following this, QCIL will be merged into Aster through a 

3 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
scheme of amalgamation, subject to the necessary approval. 
This transaction marks a very important step towards the merger and will 
facilitate a smooth integration once regulatory approvals are secured. The 
share acquisition transaction further strengthens the commitment of both 
organizations to the proposed merger. 
The application for merger has already been filed with the Competition 
Commission of India (CCI) and stock exchanges for their approval. The 
completion of the transaction is subject to the fulfillment of regulatory 
and compliance requirements, including no-objection certificates and 
letters from the stock exchanges, approvals from the CCI, and the National 
Company Law Tribunal (NCLT).  
Now moving over to the financial performance. If we look at the long-
term India performance, over the past five years, our operations have 
demonstrated strong growth, with a revenue CAGR of 23% and an 
Operating EBITDA CAGR of 38% up to FY24. This success has been driven 
by our strategic focus on capacity expansion as well as ARPOB 
enhancement. At the same time, disciplined cost management, 
operational efficiencies, and an optimized service mix have significantly 
improved margins, enabling us to scale profitability while maintaining 
high-quality care. 
Now coming to the 9M FY25 performance, our business recorded 15% 
revenue growth, reaching INR 3,138 crore in the first nine months of FY25. 
This was driven by a 12% year-on-year increase in Average Revenue Per 
Occupied Bed (ARPOB) and a 4% increase in average occupied beds. 
Aster’s Operating EBITDA grew by 35%, reaching INR 613 crore, with 
EBITDA margins expanding to 19.5% in 9M FY25, up from 16.6% a year 
ago. This improvement was fueled by operational efficiencies, including a 
reduction in Average Length of Stay (ALOS), cost optimization initiatives, 
and enhanced EBITDA performance in our labs business. Notably, our 
material costs (excluding wholesale pharmacy) have decreased to 20.7% 
in 9M FY25 from 22.3% in the previous year.  
Our net profit, adjusted for the merger transaction costs, grew by 65%, 
reaching INR 251 crore in 9M FY25, up from INR 153 crore a year ago. This 
was driven by strong operational performance and higher other income 
from investing the proceeds from the GCC business segregation. 
Additionally, we have seen a positive shift in our payor mix, with the 
insurance segment’s contribution increasing by over 300 basis points to 
30%, partly offset by a corresponding reduction in the scheme business. 
Coming to our core business, hospitals and clinics, our hospital business 
continues to grow strongly, with Operating EBITDA margins improving to 
22.3% in 9M FY25, up from 19.5% of the previous year. Specifically, our 
mature hospitals—those that have been in operation for over six years— 
have achieved an impressive EBITDA margin expansion to 25% in 9M FY25, 
up from 22% a year ago, with a ROCE of 36%. Our strategic focus on a well-
diversified specialty mix ensures that no single specialty accounts for more 
than 15% of total revenue. This enhances our resilience and strengthens 
our long-term growth prospects in the healthcare sector. 
Now, moving on to oncology expansion, we are making significant strides 
in enhancing our oncology services, with the launch of Precision Oncology 
Clinics, the Aster Cancer Grid, and Onco Collect. These initiatives focus on 
precision medicine and collaborative research, enabling personalized, 

4 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
cutting-edge cancer care.  
Now moving to the new businesses, the pharmacy and the labs, as of 
December 31, 2024, we have 254 Labs and Patient Experience Centers 
(PECs) and 203 Aster Pharmacy-branded retail stores. Our lab business has 
shown strong performance, achieving 14% revenue growth YoY in 9M 
FY25 while maintaining a positive EBITDA margin of 8% post breakeven in 
Q4 FY24.  
We remain committed to our expansion plans. Over the past year, we 
have added 271 beds, including 100 beds at MIMS Kannur and 100 beds 
at Aster Medcity, bringing our total capacity to 5,128 beds as of December 
31, 2024. Looking ahead, we plan to add approximately 1,700 beds, 
increasing our total capacity to over 6,800 beds by FY27. Our expansion 
pipeline includes major brownfield projects at prominent hospitals like 
Aster Medcity, Aster CMI, and Aster Whitefield, which are progressing 
steadily to become high-capacity facilities with approximately 950 beds, 
850 beds, and 500 beds, respectively. 
Moving to digital initiatives, I am pleased to announce the launch of the 
Aster Health app this quarter. The app offers appointment management, 
video consultations, and digital health record access, significantly 
improving patient convenience and experience.  
Now going into the leadership changes, we are very pleased to announce 
the promotion of Dr. Prashanth M to the CEO of the Karnataka Cluster. 
Previously, he served as the CEO of Aster RV Hospital in Bangalore. Dr. 
Prashanth will now report to Mr. Ramesh Kumar S, COO of Aster DM 
Healthcare, India, and will be responsible for driving the continued growth 
and development of the Karnataka cluster. 
Moving to some of the recognitions we've had in the past quarter, we are 
delighted to share that Aster DM Healthcare was recently honored at the 
ASSOCHAM Awards, winning the title of "Best Multispeciality Hospital – 
Group". Additionally, Aster DM Foundation was recognized as the 1st 
runner-up for "Best CSR Excellence in Healthcare." 
As Aster embarks on this pivotal expansion through the merger with QCIL, 
I sincerely thank our stakeholders for their continued trust and support. 
This merger marks a transformative milestone, creating one of India’s top 
three hospital chains with over 10,000 beds and 38 hospitals. It will 
enhance our geographic reach, strengthen our presence in South and 
Central India, and drive synergies while ensuring a strong governance 
framework. 
With a clear focus on quality, accessibility, and patient-centered care, 
Aster DM Healthcare is well-positioned for substantial growth, 
operational excellence, and innovation. 
I will now invite our COO, Mr. Ramesh Kumar S, to elaborate further on 
our cluster-wise performance. Ramesh, over to you. 
Ramesh Kumar:  
Thank you, Ms. Alisha. Good morning to everyone. I am really excited to 
provide you an overview of our cluster performance for 9M FY25. We have 
witnessed continued growth and improved operational efficiency across 
all our regions during the year, and I'd like to provide a few highlights 
around this theme. 
Starting with the Karnataka and Maharashtra Cluster – this cluster has 
shown strong progress. With a total bed capacity of 1,446 beds, and 1,014 

5 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
operational census beds, we’ve seen occupancy improve by 241 basis 
points YoY, from 61% to 64% in 9M FY25. 
Revenue of Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster has grown by 33% YoY, 
reaching INR 1,054 crore in 9M FY25, up from INR 793 crore in 9M FY24. 
The operating EBITDA for this cluster also saw robust growth of 58%, 
increasing from INR 154 crore in 9M FY24 to INR 244 crore in 9M FY25. 
Our operating EBITDA margin improved to 23.2% in 9M FY25, up from 
19.4% in the previous year, demonstrating our ability to enhance 
profitability while continuing to expand services, especially through high-
end treatments in hospitals like Aster CMI and Aster Whitefield in 
Bengaluru. 
Next turning to the Kerala Cluster – with a total bed capacity of 2,635 beds, 
we have 1,971 operational census beds, with a 74% occupancy rate. This 
utilization demonstrates the trust our patients place in the quality of care 
at our facilities. 
In terms of financial performance, total revenue from the cluster has 
increased to INR 1,609 crore in 9M FY25, compared to INR 1,489 crore in 
9M FY24, making a growth of 8%. The operating EBITDA for the Kerala 
cluster has grown by 21% YoY to INR 382 crore in 9M FY25. Margins have 
improved to 23.7% in 9M FY25 from 21.3% in 9M FY24, reflecting both our 
top-line growth and our efficiency in managing operational costs.  
Finally, the Andhra and Telangana Cluster has also delivered improved 
performance. With a total bed capacity of 1,047 beds and 781 operational 
census beds, the occupancy rate improved by 530 basis points, from 50% 
in 9M FY24 to 55% in 9M FY25. 
Revenue for the Andhra and Telangana cluster grew by 16%, reaching INR 
357 crore in 9M FY25 compared to INR 307 crore in 9M FY24. Operating 
EBITDA grew by 42%, from INR 33 crore in 9M FY24 to INR 47 crore in 9M 
FY25, with margins improving to 13.2% compared to 10.8% in the previous 
year. 
All together our bed capacity stands at 5,128 beds, with 3,766 operational 
census beds as on 31st December 2024. Overall outpatient visits have 
grown by 11%, and inpatient visits by 10% YoY in 9M FY25, which 
highlights the sustained demand for our services. 
Looking forward, we are very confident in sustaining this growth 
trajectory. By prioritizing, specially the operational excellence, broadening 
our reach, and maintaining a commitment to delivering exceptional care, 
we are all well-positioned to build on this positive momentum.  
I now request our CFO, Mr. Sunil to elaborate more on our financial 
performance. Thank You  
Sunil Kumar:  
Thank you, Mr. Ramesh. Good morning, everyone. For the quarter ended 
31st Dec 24, India revenues have increased to INR 1,050 crores, up by 11% 
from INR 949 crores in Q3 FY24 and Operating EBIDTA has increased to 
INR 202 crores with the margin of 19.3% compared to INR 168 crores in 
Q3 FY24 with a growth of 20%. Adjusted PAT (Post NCI) for Q3 FY25 is at 
INR 81 crores compared to INR 62 crores in Q3 FY24 with growth of 30% 
year-on-year. 
For the year ended 9M FY25, India revenues have increased to INR 3,138 
crores, up by 15% from INR 2,721 crores in 9M FY24 and Operating EBIDTA 
has increased to INR 613 crores with the margin of 19.5% compared to INR 

6 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
453 crores in 9M FY24 with a growth of 35%.  
For the nine months ending 31st December 2024, our operating EBITDA 
margins have grown by more than ~300 bps, increasing from 16.6% to 
19.5% YoY. This growth is driven by several factors: 
1. The Hospital & Clinics segment has achieved over 17% revenue growth, 
with margins expanding by more than 280 bps from 19.5% to 22.3%. Our 
matured hospitals, which contribute 73% of our Hospital & Clinics 
segment, are now operating at an Operating EBITDA margin of 24.5%. 
Revenue growth in this segment stems from a combination of increased 
volume of more than 10% across our hospitals, a 12% rise in ARPOB, and 
a 6% improvement in ALOS, alongside revenue assurance measures. The 
growth in operating EBITDA is a result of various optimization initiatives 
across our hospitals. Our material cost percentage (excluding wholesale 
pharmacy) has steadily decreased from 25.3% in FY22 to 22.0% in FY24 
and further to 20.7% during 9M FY25, marking more than 450 bps 
efficiency improvement over three years. Additionally, manpower costs 
and overheads have contributed through operating leverage to the 
EBITDA growth. 
2. Aster Labs achieved breakeven in Q4 FY24, with margins increasing to 
3.4% in Q1 FY25 and further to 9.4% in Q3 FY25. This impressive 
turnaround has been fueled by a strong 27% YoY growth in external 
business, improved operating leverage, and material cost efficiencies.  
For the 9 months ended 31st Dec 24, our capital expenditure totaled INR 
238 crores, with approximately 65% spent towards expanding our 
capacity. We have commissioned Tower 4 of 100 beds in Aster Medcity 
during the quarter and over the next three years, we aim to further add 
nearly 1700 beds, with majority of these being brownfield expansions to 
ensure that there is no dilution in our margins. 
Optimized capital allocation coupled with margin improvement, our ROCE 
has experienced a significant growth. ROCE surged by 470 basis points 
YoY, reaching 19.4%. Hospital & Clinics segment ROCE rose to 25.8% from 
20.6% in 9M FY24. Matured hospitals saw an impressive increase in ROCE 
by over 700 basis points reaching 35.7% in 9M FY25. 
Aster India net cash stands at INR 1,014 crores as on 31st Dec 24.  
On that note, I conclude my remarks. We would be happy to answer any 
questions that you may have. I now request Puneet to open the question-
and-answer session. Thank you very much.

7 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
 
 
Thanks, Sunil. We can now move on to the Q&A session. Before 
moving on to the Q&A session, I would also like to request to all 
the participants, if you can introduce yourself with your name and 
the company that you are associated with before asking the 
questions. If you are not associated with any company and you 
are an individual investor, you can highlight that also. Moving on 
to the Q&A session. The first question is from Mr. Amey. Mr. 
Amey, can you unmute yourself and ask the question. 
  Amey: 
 
Thank you so much for giving me an opportunity. I have first question 
on the Kerala performance. Is it possible to highlight what were the 
key reasons for the low growth for the quarter? 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
Yeah Sure. Thank you, Amey. So there has been some changes, of 
course, from in the flu season as well. If you look at last year, when 
you look at the flu season, it extended into the Q3 which also helped 
in the occupancy and the revenue. However, when you look at this 
year, the flu season actually ended in Q2. So, definitely there has been 
a footfall difference we're seeing quarter-on-quarter. Other than 
that, from an MVT perspective also, there has been some reduction 
in the footfalls from both GCC as well as Maldives, which were key 
regions for Kerala. But having said that, I mean, we're seeing a nice 
restoration that has happened even in January as we talk about it. But 
I think we should also be mindful of the fact that there were some 
leadership changes that happened last quarter for our main flagship 
unit in Medcity. We've had the new CEO who's now on board as well. 
We expect some of this little bit of the muted growth to be very 
temporary and already in January we are seeing a restoration. Anoop, 
if you wanted to come in as well with anything.  
 
Anoop Moopen:  
You know, you have covered it Alisha, I mean so with the new 
leadership in place, things are really looking positive. In January, we 
could see the traction happening, and in the coming months we are 
hopeful that ramp up is going to be very positive. 
 
Amey:  
Sure. Thank you so much. The second question I have is on the 
occupancy of the more than six years of vintage hospitals, which is 
around 65-67%, I believe, for nine months. Is it possible to highlight 
which hospitals here would be dragging the overall occupancy and 
what is the scope for this occupancy to increase in the future? Thank 
you. 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
 
 
Sunil, would you want to comment on that? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Amey, Thanks for the question. See, with respect to hospitals above 
six years maturity, it is a 61% occupancy because all our matured units 
are there. Two important reasons which is bringing down the 
occupancy is we added 250 beds in the Kerala region. In the end of 
Q2 FY25, we added the 100 beds in Kannur. And also in Q3 FY25, we 
added another 100 beds in our Aster Medcity hospital, and also we 
added another 25 beds in Kottakkal and also another 25 beds in PMF. 
These are the almost 250 beds added. So that means the operation 
beds have also gone up. That's where you can see occupancy bringing 
down largely. That is very specific to Kerala cluster. Even in Karnataka 
cluster, we can see a little bit, as Alisha called out, last year flu season 
moved from Q2 to Q3. If you look at the medical and surgical mix also, 

8 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
we had almost 60% medical mix as compared to 40% in the last year, 
and 60-40 was the ratio in the last year, Q3. Now it has changed. What 
has happened is that the revenue, the growth, what you have taken 
in surgical mix, it's very similar. But at the same time, your medical-
surgical mix has done a large change. That is also one of the reasons 
why in Bangalore, you can see a little bit of a reduction in occupancy. 
Also very important, Kannur, before adding 100 beds, it used to run 
at 95% occupancy. We used to manage with the transit beds and 
everything. Now we don't have that issue. That's where the 
occupancy  has come down. So, these are the multiple factors, I would 
say, why the occupancy is lower. It's across the board. 
 
Amey:  
Sure. This last question I have on the Karnataka and Maharashtra 
cluster. The performance has been very good for last two quarters, 
the growth as well as the profitability improvement. Is it only led by 
the Whitfield commissioning or is there anything other than 
Whitefield that is contributing to this improvement? Thank You 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
So Amey, even in Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster, yes, I would say 
Whitefield is driving the growth. Note two things about it because the 
last two years we were running with the Whitefield Block C, which has 
only 50 beds, women and children care, where the revenue was lower 
and also the ARPOB was lower at INR 40,000-50,000. Only in the last 
October, we started the A&B Block, which is a true multi-specialty 
hospital, because of which ARPOB has risen to more than INR 75,000-
76,000 in Q3, very specifically in Whitefield. That is one reason and 
growth has been driven in Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster, 
majority growth is coming because of Whitefield doing really well. At 
same time, our RV hospital has done well. There also you can look 
that overall ARPOB growth is 29% for Q3. Even for 9M FY25, there's a 
33% growth in revenue, and that is possible only because there is very 
good performance from Whitefield Hospital and from RV. They're 
growing at more than 12-14%. Growth has been strong for Aster 
Aadhar Hospital too, which is in Kolhapur. Aster CMI is affected barely 
because the growth is not visible. If you look at last year, Q2 to Q3 the 
revenue is quite flat because of the flu cases. We have seen that in 
this Q3 from Q2, there is no such medical cases due to which the 
occupancy has come down there. But otherwise, most of the 
hospitals are really doing well in Karnataka. 
 
Amey:   
 
 
 
Thank you so much. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks Amey. The next question is from Mr. Kunal Randeria from Axis 
Capital. Kunal, can you please unmute yourself and ask the question? 
 
Kunal:  
Yeah, hi. Good morning. So just taking over from the previous 
question. In Whitefield, it seems that all the blocks are now 
commissioned, including women and child. Wondering how should 
we see the growth from hereon? 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
 
 
Ramesh, you want to come in? 
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
Yes Kunal, we presently have block A, B and C, and all the three blocks 
are commissioned, as you rightly said, which is around 350 beds. 
Now, a block D is also coming up by the month of June, which lands 
150 beds, taking the bed capacity to 507. Right now, the occupancy is 

9 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
hovering around 50-52% in the operational beds of existing A, B, and 
C block. We have not yet maxed the capacity. What is doing well right 
now is, the oncology high-end work, we have been doing HIPEC, 
PIPAC robotic surgeries, IOERT, and all these high-end surgeries, 
thereby the performance of oncology is really doing well. 
Neurosurgery also, high-end surgeries have been happening. The 
ARPOB is really good and overall performance by most of the 
departments has been doing well because of the high-end cases. We 
still have some capacity, and by June, we will be adding these 150 
beds more. I hope I have answered your question. 
 
Kunal:  
That's clear. Thank you very much. The second question again is on 
the Kerala cluster. You mentioned there has been a leadership 
change. I was wondering if you can share what are some of the 
changes that the new team is putting in place? 
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
Yeah. Kunal, what we said there is a leadership change. I would say 
that’s a small transition, because now we have taken over 
immediately, and there were multiple things. There were the contract 
changes for the MVT which was coming with the Maldives, occupancy 
was slightly on a higher side, we had to slow down on the ECHS 
patients, etc. Some correction had to take place. There was a drastic 
slowdown, some intake had happened. And also, the seasonal 
changes, what we spoke about, the flu impact, which was there last 
year at the same time, we had a better impact, and the ICU occupancy 
was slightly on a higher end. All put together, a small transition had 
happened during that time. And now, we have a perfect leader, Dr. 
Jaydev in place to take over, and it is already started. So, as Ms. Alisha 
has rightly mentioned, January has really taken off. It was just that 
last one quarter where we have really seen kind of slowing down. 
Otherwise, it was back to track.  
 
Alisha Moopen:  
Can I just add to what Ramesh has said, I think strategically we want 
to focus more on the quality of the patients that are coming in as well. 
Earlier, we were talking much more volume based. So, that was 
where the strategic shift in terms of moving some of the lower 
schemes and all has happened. So that's kind of the direction with 
Kerala also going forward because you're seeing more and more 
corporates coming into Kerala. You're seeing that there will be 
pressure on the volume. So, we thought with our market leadership 
in Kerala, we should be focusing more on improving the ARPOB, 
quality of the occupancy, so that's a general direction we have said 
we will take. 
 
Kunal:  
Sure. That's helpful. But in that regard have you made some changes 
to your pricing strategy also, and secondly Alisha the point you made 
on volumes, there's one big competitor who's entering Kerala with 
around 3,000 beds or so in the next few years. So just wondering 
whether there'll be a lot more supply than demand there. 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
Yeah, so like I said, we do have a very good legacy in Kerala and a 
leadership position. And we also believe that once the merger is 
complete with the KIMS-Trivandrum asset also coming as part of the 
merged entity, we'll continue to have a very strong position. There 
will be some pressure on volume, which is where we said let’s focus 
more on stabilizing our ARPOBs and not really play the price game. 

10 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
For our pricing strategy, as the year is ending, we're working on it for 
the next quarter, how we should be thinking about it. But we'll be 
agile and dynamic in that process. But we don't want to be playing 
the price pressure game, to be honest. 
 
Kunal:  
Sure, perfect. That answers all my questions. Just one more, if I can 
squeeze in. Would you by any chance give us some indication on how 
CARE hospitals performed in the last quarter? 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
I don't think it's recommended. We don't have access to that 
information yet because we are still waiting for some of the CCI 
approvals for sharing all of that data to be honest. 
 
Kunal:  
 
 
 
All right, thank you very much and all the best. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks Kunal. The next question is from Mr. Bino. Mr. Bino, can you 
please unmute yourself and ask the question please? 
 
Bino:  
Hi, good morning. Just a couple of questions from my side. Last 
quarter, your margins had seen a significant improvement, both QoQ 
and YoY. And if I remember correctly, you had mentioned some 
structural changes you have made, etc., which has led to this margin 
improvement. Could you give an update on that, especially in the 
context that this quarter compared to last quarter, we have seen 
slightly softer margins? Are these kinds of structural measures that 
you are taking done or is there some more margin expansion we can 
see? And if you could give some indication on what sort of sustainable 
margins, can we look forward to? Thank you. 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Thank you, Bino, on the question. Yeah, I know what you're referring 
to. For Q2, we were at 21.4% margin and now at Q3, we are at 19.3%, 
so you are saying there is a dip in there and how we address it. See, 
also, we should look at the 9M numbers because in the QoQ number, 
there will be a lot of case mix changes come in due to which the 
margins fluctuate. But when you look at the 9M number, at a 
consolidated India level, we are at 19.5% and the hospital and clinics, 
which is our core segment with the 93% revenue, is at 22.3%. Even 
that 19.5% if you look at year-on-year, we added more than 250 to 
300 basis points in the current 9M as compared to the previous nine 
months. That's the expand which has happened. Now very specifically 
to the change which has happened within Q2 FY25 to Q3 FY25 is that 
there are multiple reasons. One is the material cost itself. When you 
look at our specialties, because of the congo specialities that we have, 
cardiac has grown by 16%, oncology has grown by 28% and neuro has 
grown by 19%. These are the top three departments which are driving 
the revenue. That's one of the reasons why ARPOB is very strong. At 
the same time whenever oncology is taking the front in driving the 
growth, usually we see that the material cost takes impact. That's why 
almost near to 1% the material cost also has increased between Q2 
and Q3, FY25. If that wouldn't had happened, we would be more than 
20% EBITDA margin even in the Q3 on the consolidated basis. That is 
one thing. But again, as I said, oncology is something which we are 
taking very strongly. We have Dr. Som also who is heading our Aster 
Institute of Oncology. And across the board, we are trying to increase 
the oncology specialties per se. All these things are a very important 
to cater to the patients. At the same time, they have certain negative 

11 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
outputs with respect to the material cost. But this is a just a QoQ 
glitch, and we think we will be able to stabilize. Even with that we are 
at 20.7% material cost at India level on 9 months basis. We still think 
that there is a certain room to further improve efficiency. In terms of 
the optimization measures which we have brought, as I already called 
out in my speech also, we got more than 450 basis points in last two 
and a half years. I would say very specifically it's approximately 33 
months and we are able to bring in so much and still we see that in 
material cost there is another 50 to 100 bps room still available for 
us. We're also bringing certain solar power efficiency. For example, a 
26-megawatt plant is work in progress in Kerala. That should give 
more than 15 to 16 crores worth of savings in the coming year. This is 
expected to operation partially in this quarter and partially in the Q1 
FY26. Also, non-medical consumables is something which is we have 
not worked upon and that is going to happen in the next year. From 
the efficiency point of view, still there is a lot to do it, but just on a 
broader sense, which we have previously spoken, at consolidated 
India, we're at 19.5%. I expect that by FY26 - 27, we should be 
somewhere near 21%. And from the hospital clinic segment, which 
we are today at 22.3 - 22.4%, there you can expect around 24% 
margin. These are all very sustainable margins which we can reach 
and continue to be there. 
 
Bino:  
Understood, thank you. Next question, just further clarification on 
Whitefield Hospital. So, your presentation says about 159 beds in 
Block D is going to be added in FY25. What you also told about some 
beds being commissioned in October. What's the current bed status 
and is the total number of beds in the cluster, 1,446 which you have 
given, does that include the beds that commissioned in October and 
the 159 of Block D? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Bino, I referred to the beds we commissioned in Kerala, around 250 
beds. Whitefield overall is around a 500-bed hospital, wherein we 
have commissioned 350 beds. Balance 155 beds, we were expected 
to commission in Q4 FY25, but as Ramesh called out in the previous 
response, it has moved to around May or June. It's just 2-3 months 
change which we have done. But otherwise, it's on plan to 
operationalize sometime in the Q1 FY26. 
 
Bino:  
Understood. I thought you told in October, some couple of blocks 
were commissioned in Whitefield. 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
 
 
 
Oh, I was referring to last October. 
 
Bino:  
Okay. Yeah. Sorry. And finally, when do you think you can give some 
sort of pro forma joint financials of CARE QCIL plus Aster?  
 
Sunil Kumar:  
 
 
 
Hitesh, you want to take it? 
 
Hitesh Dhaddha:  
Yeah, see, as Alisha mentioned, we are going through some of the 
regulatory approvals and hence both companies, as suggested by our 
lawyers, don't share any information with each other on all these 
data. I think once we get some of the relevant approvals, we will start 
looking into that as well, Bino. 
 
Bino:   
 
 
 
Got it. Thank you. 

12 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Puneet: 
Thanks Bino. The next question is from Mr. Amrish. Mr. Amrish, can 
you please unmute yourself and introduce yourself as well. 
 
Amrish:  
Thank you for the opportunity. I'm Amrish, an individual investor. 
First question is on this recent IRDAI circular on limiting senior citizen 
insurance increases and impact possibly on ARPOBs going forward. 
The health insurance companies seem to indicate that the two ways 
they will deal with this, one is, of course, they'll spread it across their 
portfolio of other custom clients, but the other is, they say, that they 
will have to renegotiate packages with hospitals. I'm not sure if it's 
too early to comment on this, but is there any reaction you may have, 
considering our insurance is 30% already and growing?  
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Let me add the initial response, Amrish, then Ramesh can add to that. 
See, as of now, we don't have any such I would say response which 
has come from any insurance companies. Today, very specifically in 
Maharashtra, Telangana and Karnataka that's where the GIPSA is 
there. There almost 50-60% of our insurance company businesses 
come from GIPSA. There we're getting a usual. Recently we had a 
price increase after two years. We are not seeing any such 
requirements which has come up as of now, maybe going forward we 
are expecting some discussions should happen sometime in the Q1 
FY26. But as of now it's very early to comment on this one. 
 
Amrish:  
Okay, thank you. Second question. I just wanted to get some logic or 
rationale for the dividend announcement, considering we'd already 
given a very healthy and I understand we had cash left over, but just 
keeping in mind our expansion plans, any rationale for the dividend? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
So Amrish, we Aster, as a group, we listed sometime in 2018. Last six 
years, we're not given any dividend to any shareholders. First 
dividend is the special dividend we gave in April and the final dividend 
which we declared, from the AGM in August for the FY24. So, other 
than these two, we have not released any very specific dividend. From 
the expansion point of view, we are today at a net cash of INR 1,000 
crores plus. We have a very good cashflow from operations, 80-85% 
of our pre-IndAS EBITDA you know we have cash from Operations.  
We have a very good free cash flow also. And for example, the 1700 
beds, which is in pipeline as on 31st December 2024, we need 
approximately INR 1,100 crores for a period of three years. I'm talking 
about the 2025 closing, 2026 and 2027. And you can see the way 
EBITDA is increasing; we should have more than 600 to 800 upwards 
of cash from operations every year. Keeping that in mind, even for 
the balance, whatever the existing line of credit, we are even not 
looking at borrowing any additional money. With existing cash flow, 
we're able to manage the expansion plans and with the additional 
coming in, at least in next three to four years’ time, if you look at, we 
can even add more than 1,500-2,000 beds, I'm talking about the 
brownfield or the asset light beds which we can add without adding 
any more debt. Keeping all this in mind we thought, unless we're also 
at the same time looking at any inorganic opportunities, if something 
really comes up, we should always be looking at it. But otherwise, we 
also thought that we have not rewarded the shareholders and that's 
where we thought we would like to do that by through an interim 
dividend. Alisha, you would like to add anything to this. 

13 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
No, I think Sunil, you've covered it. I guess Amrish, since the merger 
has also been sort of finalized, we said that that takes care of a large 
scale up for the organization. And exactly like Sunil mentioned, in 
terms of our organic expansion, we've kind of got the internal 
accruals for that. Even when you look at our leverage, it's hardly 
there, right? We still feel like we're in a strong position to continue to 
look at within our inorganic expansion and organic is taken care of. 
We said, why not give some back to the shareholders with the 
performance and to catch up for some of the years we couldn't do it.  
 
Amrish:  
 
 
 
Thank you for that. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Yeah, we would like to highlight that we'll be giving preferences to 
attendees who have not asked a question so far. So, in that line, next 
question is from Mr. Harith. Harith, can you please unmute yourself 
and ask the question, please? 
 
Harith:  
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity. The expansion plans that you've 
shared, I can see we have around 450 beds in Trivandrum, 300-odd 
beds in Hyderabad. And these are markets where QCIL is quite strong, 
especially Trivandrum through KIMSHEALTH. They have a strong 
presence in that region. So, any change of plans or any rethink on 
some of these expansions post the merger? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
 
 
 
Alisha, you want me to go ahead. 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
 
 
Yeah, go ahead. 
 
Sunil Kumar:   
Yeah, no, Harith. We always have to look at the demand and supply 
gap. When you look at this, very specific in Trivandrum, you can see a 
lot of PEs coming in already. Other than KIMS Trivandrum, there is no 
other, very up to that mark corporate hospital in Trivandrum. If you 
ask me there's still three to four big hospitals can really come and 
survive in Trivandrum. And also see a Trivandrum catchment area is 
quite large. If you look at the Kerala belt altogether, for north you got 
so many hospitals including Calicut, Kannur and Kotakkal and then 
Kochi in the central. But after Kochi if you go down south you don't 
really have hospitals there except for the main hospital is in 
Trivandrum. That way, we don't see any reason why we should not go 
ahead and do that. There is really no change in plan. We are very 
happy to do that. If we don't do it, someone else will come and do it. 
There is no difference in that. Next in Hyderabad today, already 
there's still a gap of almost three to four thousand beds. And as per 
the market research report, there's still another four to five thousand 
beds coming up in next five years’ time. With that, we wanted to grow 
there in Hyderabad. We don't see any change in plan. Also, QCIL, if 
I'm right, have between 800 to 800 plus beds and with this one we 
will have more than 1000-1200 beds this also helps us into create a 
leadership position in Hyderabad. 
 
Harith:  
Okay got it. Next one Sunil is on the labs and pharmacy segment. On 
the pharmacy side, you've seen a muted YTD performance, and you 
talked about some change in sourcing. But the first question is, the 
store count has also declined. So, the change in strategy in terms of 
sourcing, why there is a lower store count is the first part, and how 

14 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
we should think about growth next year. 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Yeah. Thank you Harith. Maybe initial part I'll cover, maybe Ramesh 
can add to that. Currently we have more than 250 facilities out of 
that, the processing lab is 14. See here we are only seeing 14 in 
addition to that, they also have more than 8 to 9 labs as HLM labs, 
that is our Aster labs which they do it. That's also more or less you can 
use it as a satellite lab. If you club it, you have really more than 20 
labs across Karnataka and Kerala put together. And in addition to that, 
we also have more than 240 plus collection centers, majority of it is 
in Kerala and 40 to 50 in Karnataka also. One thing is true that is 
initially we had spread out into Tamil Nadu and other states, but we 
are very mindful that we want to be there as a very clearly called out. 
We were trying to bring an app, right an app is already launched in 
January. Basically, we are already in CMI has already been into the 
digital app and we're expanding all our hospitals to get into the app 
sometime in March. With that We are also trying to bring in labs and 
pharmacy as a phase two, sometime in Q3 FY26. With all this coming 
together, that ecosystem what we wanted to create will build. And if 
the ecosystem is to work, the labs and pharmacies should be within 
the districts or the states where the Aster hospitals are present. That 
is one of the reasons why we are curtailed to the regions where our 
hospitals are very, very strong. That is one of the growth bits of it. 
Now, at the same time, we don't have to grow too much on the 
processing labs because logistics is very easy today. And also, as I said, 
we have 14 plus another 8 to 9 HLM labs, 20 plus labs in these two 
states is more than enough to cater to our own patients. In addition 
to that, what we will be increasing now is the patient collection 
centers, that is our franchisee PECs. There already you can see there's 
a growth of around 240 and we expect it to grow more in Karnataka 
and further in Kerala. In terms of the growth, see most important 
thing for us is to improve the Non-Aster business within the Aster 
labs. A year back if you look at 72% or 78% of the business used to 
come from the Aster business. Now that has reduced, and the other 
businesses have moved from 20-23% to almost 28-30% in the current 
9M period. We expect this to grow in a very big way in the coming 
year because it's always the initial growth which takes time. Now that 
we've got the stability there and we're able to break even, I think the 
next year the growth of Aster business will grow as per the Aster 
hospital because it's a captive business. Only the non-Aster business, 
I'm expecting to grow more than 35 to 40% in the coming year.  
 
Harith:  
Yeah, Sunil, Thank you for that. My question was more on the 
pharmacy side. We have a store count of around 200 now, which was 
250 at the beginning of FY24. This decline is what I'm getting at. 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Yeah, so I explained the last bit of it. Pharmacy, 250 we had initially, 
but again that is spread out over three states, that is Telangana, 
Karnataka and Kerala. The idea was that because we were bleeding 
cash there, we wanted to limit the number of stores. We will, for very 
sure will not go below 200. We will maintain about 200. Also, 
wherever the locations are bad, and we think that we are not able to 
drive the yield per day per store above certain benchmark level, then 
we are moving. It's only the movement which is taking time otherwise 
we will be around 200 to 225 stores overall. We will never go below 
200 stores. But the concentration now, as we promised also, is to 

15 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
break even there. So as the way we broke even labs in FY24 last 
quarter, we're expecting to break even sometime in the last quarter 
of FY26. 
 
Harith:  
Okay, last one with your permission. You know, last few months 
we've seen a few of your former CXO level leaders joining one of your 
competitors and then that competitor has big ambitions in Kerala. 
They've already announced a few projects. They're talking about 
setting up a large hospital in Kochi. Is there an impact that one should 
expect for Aster from these aggressive moves by this particular 
competitor? 
 
Anoop Moopen:  
Let me come in here, Mr. Harith. So we feel that, see, now with more 
and more corporates coming into Kerala, I think for a competition 
point of view, it is only going to put pressure on the ARPOB levels or 
the price increase because as you know the ARPOB compared to the 
other regions like when in Kerala it is between INR 20,000 - 40,000, in 
Karnataka it is INR 60,000 - 70,000 above. Kerala has always been a 
price sensitive market, and we are already having a legacy there, a 
brand and also all seasoned units. We stand at an advantage there. 
So, anyone who is coming in, they will be forced, then they will have 
a pressure on the price, otherwise they cannot perform. Either, you 
know, they will be forced to increase the prices or which in turn again 
will raise the ARPOB. We see that competition is not going to affect 
Aster in any way. We see it positively. 
 
Harith:   
 
 
 
Okay thanks. Thanks Anoop. That's all from my side. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks, Harith. The next question is from Mr. Nikhil Poptani. Mr. 
Nikhil, can you please unmute yourself and introduce also yourself 
and ask the question. 
 
Nikhil Poptani:   
 
 
Yeah. Hi. Am I audible? 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:   
 
Yes. 
 
Nikhil Poptani:  
Yeah, thank you for giving the opportunity and a congratulation on a 
great set of results. The highlight of this quarter was the Telangana 
cluster and the Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster. What were the 
drivers for the margin improvement in both of these clusters. And can 
you also highlight what drove the occupancy, specifically in the 
Telangana and Andhra cluster. So that is my first question. 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
 
 
Ramesh, would you want to come in? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
As you rightly said, the Karnataka Maharashtra cluster, you've seen 
the performance well, especially the ARPOB has gone up. The reason 
why ARPOB is good is because of the case mix, especially in Whitefield 
you can see the high-end cases have gone up. The surgical numbers if 
you really look at two-three departments like Onco and Neuro, have 
been performing very well. It's all about to do with the surgical mix 
where the ARPOB has really gone up. Like I mentioned about the flu 
season, which has come, usually the average length of stay of the flu 
patients are a little bit high. The ALOS also, to some extent, because 
surgical numbers have gone up in high-end cases, so we find the ALOS 
has also come down slowly by around 0.2. Thats why the performance 

16 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
has gone up very well in Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster. As far as 
Andhra is concerned it is also to do with Prime hospital primarily. We 
have taken over prime hospital last year at the same time. It couldn't 
really do well. Now they have started performing. It is also We had 
new clinicians on board there, thereby the Prime has started doing 
very well. We also have the Tirupati Narayanadari Hospital, so it is 
also doing very well after we have taken over. So Tirupati Hospital has 
contributed well. In Andhra Cluster You will find Ramesh Hospital, 
especially Vijayawada hospitals have done exceedingly well because 
of the cardiac season during the third quarter they have started really 
doing well. So predominantly being a cardiac hospital. That's how the 
Andhra Telangana cluster has started doing well. 
 
Nikhil Poptani:  
Okay, that's great to hear. My second question is what are the peak 
ARPOB potential for the Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster as well 
as Telangana cluster because on a 9M basis we can see that ARPOB in 
the Maharashtra and Karnataka has reached INR 60,000 and in 
Andhra and Telangana it has reached INR 29,500 approximately. Is 
there a further scope for improvement as soon as the seasonality 
goes off? 
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
It will sustain as I told you. I'm sure the surgical numbers are going to 
grow. And of course, the seasonality should have minimum impact, 
as far as I think, because it will be an add-on only it doesn’t bring in. 
If we are able to sustain and grow the surgical numbers with these 
high-end surgeries, I'm sure our ARPOB would also continue to grow. 
 
Nikhil Poptani:  
Okay, that's great to hear. My third question is when we look at the 
maturity-wise hospitals, which are over six years, have 24.5% 
operating EBITDA margin, 3-6 years have approximately 22% and for 
0-3 years is approximately 13%. Let's say in next two to three years, 
our 3-6 years will move over six and 0-3 years will move over 3 to 6. 
When we are guiding towards 24% sustainable margins, can we have 
an upside risk over there? Because there will be a drastic 
improvement because we have 6 hospitals in 0 to 3 years. So those 
are going to drive margins a little further upside. Is there a further 
scope beyond 24%? 
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
I will leave it to Sunil. 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Yeah. Nikhil if you look at, the 0 to 3 years, there are basically six 
hospitals. Out of that, the biggest is Whitefield Hospital. Otherwise, 
All other hospitals are very small, 100 bed hospital. Out of six, four 
hospitals are our O&M asset light hospitals which we already guided 
previously saying that ARPOBs are going to be low. It is going to be 
around 20,000 or even some places it's lower than that. Also, the 
margins are not expected to be around 20% It's around mid-teens 
that is the number. But even though it's going to be mid-teens, you 
don't expect it to drag the margins in any way. At the same time, it 
cannot go beyond that also. For example, our Tirupati Hospital, 
Narayanadri, is all doing at 16% margin with a good occupancy, and 
we expect maybe another 100-bps improvement because ARPOB is 
going to be lower. The way case mix is done, it's more towards the 
cardiac and ortho there. Also, the doctor models are very different in 
Tirupati. All this will impact in driving the margins but at the same 
time Whitefield today is doing a high-teens margin. And at a full 

17 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
maturity with another block D coming in, you can look at very similar 
to what our CMI Hospital is doing near 30%. With all these things 
being in picture, I think around 24-25% is a good number to be there. 
 
Nikhil Poptani:  
OK, thank you. That's it from my side. And congratulations on a great 
set of numbers. All the best 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks Nikhil. We'd like to highlight that we'll be giving preferences 
to attendees who have not asked the question before. In that line, 
the next question is from Mr. Nikhil. Can you please unmute yourself 
and ask the question? 
 
Nikhil:  
Yeah, good morning, all. I have two, three questions. The first 
question is on the rental cost for full year FY25. From the cash flow 
statement, first half, it is around INR 65 crores. Should we analyze the 
full year FY25 numbers at around INR 130 crores rental cost?  
 
Sunil Kumar:  
See you're referring to the rental cost. There are two parts. One is on 
the variable cost also. If you include variable cost, yes, you can go up 
to INR 120 to INR 125 crores. 
 
Nikhil:  
Okay. And with the expansion that will happen in the next two years, 
how this number should change? Should it increase in proportion to 
the bed count increase? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Not very much to the proportion because Block D is one which is 
coming in Bangalore. In addition to that, all your Kerala hospitals 
which are coming up doesn't have these huge rentals coming in. So, 
you don't expect it to grow in proportion to that. 
 
Nikhil:  
Okay, that's helpful. Secondly, on the Kerala cluster side, what 
percent of business is coming from international patients today? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
In Kerala, majorly the MVT patients are driven by Aster Medcity 
Hospital. In addition, Calicut, Kottakkal, etc. do very minimal. But 
when you look at only the Medcity, it's around 12% of the total 
business comes from MVT. 
 
Nikhil:  
Okay, so overall I suspect it would be 6-7% perhaps, not more than 
that, 8%? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
 
 
 
Yeah, a little less, yes. 
 
Nikhil:  
In the past, can you give some indication that how does your patient 
inflow behave versus INR's performance at a global level? If INR were 
to be weak, let's say versus dollar in the coming months or so, how 
does that impact your business coming from Middle East or those 
areas? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
See first of all, all our MVT bill happens in the INR. We don't do on any 
foreign currency to ensure we hedge ourselves from the fluctuations. 
For example, if a patient bill is going to be around 5 lakh rupees, we 
expect the other party to transfer at that particular point of time, 
equivalent to that INR. We don't do any billing in foreign currency. 
We always do it in INR. That way we are always hedged on the foreign 
currency fluctuations. Currently, we do around only 4% or 4.5% in 

18 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
terms of MVT business across India I am referring to. There's still very 
high scope to grow because of new markets which we have not 
tapped into. And even the SAARC region, we have not really got many 
patients from Bangladesh or other regions. Keeping all this in mind, 
there is still a big potential for us to explore in MVT rather than the 
downside. I would say there is a lot of upsides here, Nikhil.  
 
Nikhil:  
Yeah, I think that was I was referring to, let's say, if INR was to 
weaken, in the past when such situations have happened, has it led 
to improved competitive positioning versus many other countries to 
compete with? Perhaps, I mean, 2013-14 is one period where you can 
have some experience of this. I'm not sure if you can call out 
something on that front.  
 
Sunil Kumar:  
 
 
 
Nothing as of now. 
 
Nikhil:   
 
 
 
Okay. One final question. Can I just see one more? 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:   
 
Because we have some more people in the queue as well. 
 
Nikhil:   
 
 
 
Okay. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Yeah, the next question is from Mr. Prolin. Can you please unmute 
yourself and ask the question? 
 
Prolin:  
Yeah, thank you so much for taking my question. So, two questions 
from my side. One is on Kerala, while you mentioned, January is back 
to normal, but some of the changes that you have highlighted there, 
our focus on let's say, value or upper end of the mix versus volumes, 
so on and so forth, together with the leadership change. This, at least 
to an external party like us, sounds as if this might take some time 
before it settles down. When you say January is normalizing, are these 
changes already in place before the quarter as well? And is there 
anything to do with some of your employees going and joining 
competition? And do we expect such kind of transitory issues in some 
of your other clusters as well? 
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
So, Prolin, let me come in. First of all, if you look at, Aster’s base is 
pretty, if you look at Medcity and across all chain of hospitals that we 
have. There is a good amount of patient base Aster is already having. 
It doesn’t mean that employee’s moving out they can have. And those 
who have joined the competitors also, competitors don’t have an 
existing hospital to divert the patient or for that matter, create that 
kind of impact. It is all to do with a little bit of seasonal fluctuation, 
redirection on our MVT patient, GCC, we had a little bit of patients 
coming down. And for that matter, Maldives also was slowed down 
drastically. So a little bit of MVT impact, little bit to do with 
seasonality As far as the employee’s thing and if they are able to 
divert the patients, it is definitely not going to happen because even 
competitors doesn't have a hospital within the vicinity to attract, 
divert the patients. So that's about Aster Medcity. That's the reason 
we were saying, now the leadership is in place. We have a CEO who 
has come in, we have a COO who's come in. He's already two months 
in the system and our leadership is also there. Including It's a flagship 
hospital where chairman is directly involved in the interacting with 
the clinicians and having a kind of base over there. I really doubt there 

19 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
are any chances of patients diverted or for that matter performance 
coming down 
 
Prolin:   
 
 
 
And no such changes you see in any of your other clusters, right? 
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
With competition, as and when they come up with the new facilities, 
there might be some small disruption here and there that is bound to 
happen. Not only with one competitor, with most of them. But we try 
to keep our clinicians very happy. They are the people who make the 
difference. For that matter, I think almost all clinicians are intact. The 
other staff, it won't make a major difference. The revenue generating 
doctors are the key people. If we are able to ring-fence them, I think 
we are there. So that is what right now we are doing, and we are able 
to keep almost all our clinicians are happy. 
 
Prolin:  
And one more last question from my side on the merger. While it's in 
the regulatory is kind of code as to when we get approval. But before 
we get the approval, what are the things that we can do from our 
side, which will ensure that the transition happens quite smoothly or 
some of the synergy benefits that we envisage can be monetized or 
materialized sooner than expected? I mean, are there any enough 
levers at our end that we can do things before the actual merger from 
a regulatory standpoint fructifies? 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
 
 
Yeah, Hitesh, you come in here. 
 
Hitesh Dhaddha:  
Yeah, so there are definitely a lot of levers. At the same time, I think, 
you know, we would not like to jump the gun here until we get some 
of the key regulatory approvals. But definitely when we were doing 
this merger or announcing this merger, we had thought through the 
potential that both entities have post-merger and then the synergies 
that can be created across multiple areas, whether it be on account 
of costs or revenue or also some of the corporate aspects and all. So 
clearly there are areas, there are opportunities that we'll work upon, 
but I don't think we'll get it too much of a hurry to jump the gun here 
before we get some of the regulatory approvals. 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
You're right, there have been a lot of opportunities identified and I 
think prep work can happen once initial approvals are in place, but of 
course we cannot start with integration until the merger is complete. 
What we would do is try and prepare so that at least from a data 
collection and analyzing perspective, we know where we can start 
implementing sooner rather than later to avoid the time gap. So that's 
how we do it. 
 
Prolin:   
 
 
 
Great, Alisha. Thanks a lot, and all the very best. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks, Prolin. In the interest of time, we would like to take the last 
question from Mr. Mithun. After that we would like to conclude this 
call. Mr. Mithun can you please unmute yourself and the questions. 
 
Mithun:  
 
 
 
Hi. Can you hear me? 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:   
 
Yeah. Sure. 
 
Mithun:  
Just wanted to understand, Usually, the Q3 is typically a non seasonal 

20 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
a low quarter, and I understand your revenues may have been 
impacted. I just want to know about, the company that you're going 
to merge with. How have they performed in the third quarter? Just 
wanted to see if you can share some highlights there as well, so that 
we know how the trajectory of both companies is faring. 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
Mithun. Thank you for the question. I know there's a lot of eagerness 
to know about the merging entity. We're still yet to receive the 
information which will dep end on some of the regulatory approvals 
coming in place. So, we are hoping that once we have that guidance, 
we will be able to share with the shareholders as well in some sort of 
pro-forma performance later. But at this point, it's a bit premature, 
to be honest. 
 
Mithun:  
Sure, sure. But is that point right, that third quarter is typically a non-
seasonal quarter for the health care sector? Or I just wanted to 
understand that.  
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Mithun, Q2 is the major season as that's when due to rains (and every 
other thing), dengue and other flus, because of which usually the 
medical cases very high in Q2. If you look at a complete year, peak 
revenues you hit sometime in July, August. After that, from 
September onwards, your festivals start in October, November, 
December, every month. It's not like patient doesn't want to come 
during this period. One is that your medical cases go down in Q3 and 
also, due to huge number of festivals and holidays, even doctors 
travel. So due to both these reasons, Q3 is always muted as compared 
to the other quarters. And always we see Q4 goes up. 
 
Mithun:  
That's fine. That's fine. I just wanted to understand quarters. Going 
into FY26, what kind of you know addition in terms of capacity do you 
have compared to FY25? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
This year we have started as I said around 250 beds plus, we have 
added in the current year. We don't see anything coming up in the Q4 
FY25. But we are expecting our women and children block, that is 150 
beds, get to operational in the H1 FY26. Also, in the H1, we expect 
Kasargod hospital also coming. That's again a 260-bed hospital in the 
north of Kerala. At least these two hospitals we expect to come in and 
also there is one very small hospital of a brownfield expansion in our 
Ongole, around 75 beds. These are three things which we can expect 
in the coming year, FY26. 
 
Mithun:  
Understood. And just wanted to understand, compared to your 
competitors, your margins obviously are lower because you have 
several hospitals where capacity utilization is improving, and your 
margins overall will go up. Do you believe there is scope to expand 
these margins over the next couple of years by 200-300 basis points 
at an overall company level? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
See, I think I answered a very similar question previously. Look at 
hospitals and clinics, where we are today already at 22% on a 9M 
basis, we expect to close in the same range for the full year and even 
our mature hospitals are beyond 24%. We see that hospital and clinics 
segment itself should go beyond 24%. That's very much possible. The 
others like a wholesale pharmacy or a lab is where you can see the 

21 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
margins dragging down. That's where our consol, Aster group margin 
is around 19.5% on a 9M basis. There, we also expect labs to do really 
well in the coming years, to go beyond 20% margin because labs are 
very high margin business. At the same time, wholesale pharmacy 
should become smaller and smaller because we are not seeing a very 
important growth which we can expect here. Keeping all this in mind, 
hospital and clinic segment should go in next two to three years’ time, 
I am talking around FY27, upwards of 24% and consolidated margin 
should be upwards of 21%. 
 
Mithun:  
 
 
 
Thank you, sir.  
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thank you, everyone. This concludes the earnings call for this quarter, 
Aster DM Healthcare. I thank the management and all the attendees 
for joining us today. If you have any further questions or queries, 
please get in touch with us. Thank you. 
 
 
<End> 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability. 
