? Best Afiol ile limited
February 20,2025
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,
Bandra - Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai-4000 5 1
SCRIP CODE: 539660
SCRIP ID: BESTAGRO
Sub: Transcript of 03 Earnines Conference Call - FY 2024-25
Dear Sir/Mam
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing Obligations and
Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the "Listing Regulations"), please find enclosed
herewith the transcript of eamings conference call for the quarter and nine-month ended December
31,2024 held on Friday, February 14,2025.
l'he above transcript is also available on the website ol'the company i.e, u(ww.be-slagr,o,life'gqm
Submitted for your information and record.
Thanking You,
Yours Faithfully,
@ Registered & Corporote Oflice: B-4, Bhogwon Doss Nogor, Eosl Punjobi Bogh, New Delhi-l10026
(l Phone:0ll-45803300 | Fox:0ll-45093518 @ info@bestogrolife.com I www.besrogrolife.com
CIN : [741 I 0Dtl 992P1-C1 1 6773
BSE Limited
2Stt Floor, P.f. Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai-4O0001
E
'-;ffi'
TAKE IN INDIA

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
Best Agrolife Limited 
Q3 and 9-month FY’25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 17, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9 month FY’25 Conference Call 
of Best Agrolife Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. 
This conference call may contain forward looking statements about the company which are 
based on the belief, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
Today, from the management side, we have with us Mr. Vimal Kumar – Managing Director, Mr. 
N. Surendra Sai – Head Strategy and Overseas Business, and Mr. Vikas Jain – Chief Financial 
Officer. I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Surendra Sai for his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
N. Surendra Sai:  
Thank you very much. Good afternoon and welcome everyone to the earnings call post our 3rd 
Quarter and 9-month ending of the Financial Year 2025. 
I will talk briefly about the industry landscape and will explain the business, while Mr. Vikas will 
take you through its financial performance. So let me start by saying this season has not been 
kind to our farmer customers and the agricultural community, especially in the south. This is a 
region from where we expected much better performance. The recent cyclones in South India 
brought unusual weather patterns, caused delays in the monsoon cycle and extended the 
period of rainfall. This pattern affected the crop cycle. Primarily the states of Andhra Pradesh, 
Telangana and Tamil Nadu were impacted the most. We had been expecting stellar 
performance from these states, but these witnessed a dull season. At the same time, chilli 
prices have dropped by around 35% from an average of around Rs. 19,000 per quintal in 
January 2024 to around Rs. 10,000 to Rs. 12,000 this year. This puts significant financial 
pressure on the farmers. They were in cash crunch, and it made them reduce their outflow in 
terms of the crop production products. The financial pressure also delayed some of our 
expected payments. A similar unexpected performance was also observed from cotton 

 
Page 2 of 17 
growers. We were very initially, very confident that despite the delayed start of the monsoon, 
the season will pick up and result in good numbers. However, there was continuous rainfall 
that disrupted critical herbicide applications as well as the granule treatment. On the paddy 
side, farmers are generally habituated to carrying out at least 5 sprays per season, but this year 
they were able to manage only 2 sprays. All these, at the end of the day, impacted the demand 
side. We have observed that seasonality and a changing market scenario, the significant agility 
from our side to balance the changing market dynamics, and we need to be able to respond to 
the correct schemes and the correct sales push. This has become extremely important in our 
shift towards the B2C business. Given that we have been shifting towards the B2C model with 
an expanded branded product portfolio and an expanded dealer network, we observed this 
quarter the absolute need for business agile to focus on timely liquidation. We focus sales, and 
this requires a huge amount of focus from the sales and marketing team. We will be 
implementing actions to identify areas where the performance has not been as expected, and 
we are absolutely certain that we need to take corrective actions. We realize that our B2C push 
needs us to be very sensitive to the changing ground dynamics. We intend to have this finely 
tuned. We have invested in building our sales team, especially in the southern part of India, 
and this shift was very essential for our long-term growth and pan-India presence. This push 
also affected our profit margin in the short-term, giving a higher cost gain. Although this change 
is crucial for our future, it is putting some pressure on our profits right now. Corrections and 
improvement are our primary focus. No doubt, this current season was a tough one for us, but 
it also offers valuable lessons for us for the future. Products that meet fewer applications will 
help the farmers stay productive, even when the weather is not ideal. Our product portfolio is 
designed to improve or rather reduce the number of sprays. We will continue to work on that. 
The development of resilient products are the key, and focus on R&D and linking home-grown 
products to the farmers is important. Our portfolio of patents continues to grow, but we will 
regularly and carefully introduce picky products. Coming to some important updates during the 
quarter. During this quarter, we have announced the formation of a strategic partnership 
between Best Agrolife  and Shanghai E-Tong Chemical Co, which is a publicly listed 
agrochemical manufacturer based in Shanghai, China. This partnership, formalized through an 
MoU, will focus on joint research, manufacturing and developing new products for the global 
market. This partnership will also explore new opportunities for product registration and 
potential capital cooperation through joint venture in leveraging best practices to expand 
market reach. E-Tong Chemical specializes in production and export of herbicides, fungicides, 
and the company holds a significant number of registration, a large number of international 
markets including Brazil, and Vietnam. We are very happy to move from a buy sale relationship 
to a cooperative R&D based relationship with the global market. This is a shift from a typical 
MoU between an Indian and Chinese company. In another positive development, Best Agrolife 
has been granted a patent by the OAPI, or the African Intellectual Property Organization, this 
is patent for Ronfen and this is a 20 year valid patent . We also have been granted a patent by 
the Indian Patent Office, for a new manufacturing process for a Phenoxymethyl Gly  Oxylate . 
This is an important patent for us as this is a precursor for the manufacture of Strobilurin 

 
Page 3 of 17 
fungicides. This adds to our plan of deriving backward chemistry for the manufacturing of 
important fungicides such Kresoxim Methyl and Trifloxystrobin. Concluding, we recognize the 
need to enhance our marketing efforts and optimize our sales structure for performance. We 
are increasing our focus in branding, awareness campaigns, and demand generation activities 
to solidify our presence in the market. Simultaneously, we are evaluating the structure of our 
sales team for agility, efficiency, and performance. Let me put it this way. Our complete results 
are not to our expectations. We view them as an opportunity to fine-tune our operations for 
better margins. We intend to tighten our belt by reducing costs, by optimizing our operations, 
and extracting maximum efficiencies. Despite the challenges, we remain confident in our long-
term strategy. We understand that there will be demand fluctuations, but we are focusing on 
delivering value to our stakeholders. Strengthening the product portfolio and our R&D efforts 
will no doubt yield results. We will remain focused on stabilizing our financial performance in 
the upcoming quarter. We intend to bring down costs as a percentage of sales and be better 
equipped to navigate current and future challenges. Our primary focus, as always, continues 
to be on IP generation, technical R&D, new formulation research, and development of 
innovative products, and we will continue with renewed zeal. Thank you for your support 
through this time. We look forward to addressing your questions that you will have during the 
call. I will now request our CFO, Mr. Vikas Jain, to take you through our financial performance. 
Over to you, Mr. Vikas. 
Vikas Jain:    
Thank you, Saiji, and good afternoon, everyone. I went through our performance. The first 2 
quarters of FY’25 saw a strong demand for agricultural products, primarily driven by an on-time 
long-term, which led to all agricultural companies, including ours, to push substantial stock into 
the market in anticipation of higher demand. However, as we entered Q3, we faced a shift in 
the market dynamics. While Incessant rains in Q3 significantly impacted growth activity, the 
lack of supporting prices for key commodities like tomatoes and chilies greatly influenced 
farmers' willingness to invest in crop production solutions. Additionally, with healthy crop 
conditions across the country, the natural resilience of crops further decreased, but also the 
need for pesticides. All these factors combined to create a challenging revenue environment 
and lead cash flow in the market current to new challenges. In addition to weak market 
sentiment, increased competition drove down prices across the sector. The aggressive push for 
sales triggered a price war, further tightening margins across the industry. Our income 
operations for Q3 of FY’25 stood at Rs. 274 crores compared to Rs. 315 crores in Q3 of FY’24. 
There was an increase in branded business by way of new product introduction and a volume 
growth from the existing products. This growth was compensated by reduction in the 
institutional business by around Rs. 72 crores. Further, there was around 20% reduction in the 
product prices. In terms of profitability, our Q3 FY’25 EBITDA, excluding other income, was 
around negative 6 crores and we reported a loss of Rs. 24 crores for this quarter. There was 
significant improvement in the gross margins from 23% in Q3 FY’24 to 32% in Q3 FY’25 due to 
higher sales of branded products. The loss majorly is on account of foreign currency loss of 
approximately Rs. 11 crores. Further, due to lesser institutional business, there was impact on 

 
Page 4 of 17 
the top line and the bottom line. Also, the investments that we made on the man power and 
branding affected our profitability in the short term, but we are sure that this will benefit in 
the long term. All said, an important takeaway from this quarter is that we need to focus on 
improving cost efficiency. By reducing fixed costs as a percentage of sales, we will be in a better 
position to handle the current challenges concerning our financial future. We are focusing on 
cost optimization this quarter and are reviewing every zone to reduce costs. Further, with 
respect to cash flows, cash flow from operations for 9 months was positive Rs. 175 crores and 
from this quarter it was around Rs. 32 crores. The handover is back to Sai ji. 
N. Surendra Sai:  
Thank you very much. I just want to make closing remark I would like to say but in short Q3 
FY’25 presented several challenges But we are absolutely confident that with continued efforts 
to optimize operations and strengthen our financial strategies, we will be in a better position 
to overcome these hurdles and pave the way for sustained and profitable growth in the coming 
quarters. Thank you all for joining us today. We will be ready to take your questions now. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask questions may press “*” and “1” on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are requested to 
use handsets while asking questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. To ask questions, please press “*” and “1”. The first question is 
from Ram Tawa from Equinox Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ram Tawa: 
I have a couple of questions. What baffles me is in the last earnings call, which happened in the 
month of October, you are very optimistic that this quarter will be very good, even the next 
quarter, around Rs. 1800 crores, something odd will be the top line for the next two quarters. 
October means almost 45 days of the season might have gone, but suddenly why is a poor 
performance of this that. We saw that the performance was not so good compared to last year. 
Can you just add some color towards it? 
Management: 
Yes. As I mentioned, the first thing is with respect to branded business, we are improving as we 
have been since the last few quarters, and that also can be seen in the improvement in the top 
line as well as in the gross margin. However, this quarter's reduction is mostly because of the 
reduction in the institutional business, and also that we have taken good provision for future 
expected sales returns. Last year, the sales return in Q4 was also higher. However, we have 
taken cognizance of that and have provided in Q3 itself so that we don't have a similar situation 
of Q4 like we had last year. So, that is the reason you see that we have little higher losses in 
this quarter. 
Ram Tawa: 
So, this quarter, Q4, what is the expectation and what will be the top line or bottom line closing 
numbers, tentative numbers by the end of the year? 

 
Page 5 of 17 
Management:  
So, till the season is going on, the only thing we cannot give an exact number to say what could 
be the top line, bottom line, but it will not be the worse what we had last year. It will be a 
reasonable quarter, even though we might have some losses, but not to the extent what we 
had in previous years.  
Ram Tawa: 
So, the top-line like you promised, 2200 crores is not achievable this year. In the last quarter, 
you guys promised that it will be around 2000 plus crores top line. So, is it achievable or is it 
not?  
Management:  
So, 2000 plus looks may not be able to achieve that in this year because of the factor that the 
technical sales were little lower and also few of the important crops where we have very strong 
presence, especially in the south, did not pan out the way we thought because last year is just 
about November. We were pretty confident and pretty much on the target to achieve all those 
numbers. But based on current situation, what we see, we will not be able to touch 2,000 
crores, but yes, considering the profitability and all, cost margins and all those and working 
capital on, those parameters will be improving, but will not be like the worst situation like what 
we had in the Q4. 
Management: 
So, if I may add, there are 2 things which is there. So, overall, we have what we wanted to 
achieve and what we wanted to expect in Q3. That expectation was what we would have been 
carried forward and that optimism would have carried forward into the Q4 and we eventually, 
we are closing. We have observed that the Q3 performance is not up to our expectation. We 
did expect to do much better. This will certainly have an impact on the year closing. That said, 
the two new things that are very positive for us, that we see that the margins from the branded 
sales continues to be good. This is something that we will take it forward. What we need to do 
is to be able to see, ensure that the sales cycle and the marketing cycle is agile enough to be 
able to run on all cylinders despite challenges being on the ground. This is something that we 
are very serious about. We are understanding the reasons. We will take these as a lesson and 
yes, we are already into the Q4, 45 days. These changes will take a little bit of time to be able 
to come into play, but we are very cognizant of the fact that our agility and our ability to handle 
the sales in a much better manner is something very, very important for us. I think I have 
repeated more than once that we consider this as a serious quarter, but we will be taking 
action.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Raj from Arjav Partners. Please go ahead. 
Raj: 
 Yes. In Quarter 2 fall, we said that Quarter 3 is looking good and things are on track, so I just 
wanted to understand that when we said that, what assumptions have we made and what 
exactly happened and where exactly we got it wrong? 
Management:  
So, with respect to expectation, I think the high expectation including us and all the industry, 
we had in November also. So, where it went wrong was because if you remember that this 

 
Page 6 of 17 
year, the rainfall had extended by 1 more month. So, this additional rainfall what we had, that 
created an issue with respect to various crops, especially the crops where we are a little 
stronger in chilies and tomatoes and cotton. So, later on, we were still hopeful because the rain 
got extended and we were still hopeful that the liquidation would happen. However, it did not 
happen as per our expectations. So, it was just in the month of December that the market 
realized that, okay, now further liquidation is not possible and that is how it got reversed. 
Raj: 
May I know the figure for sales return for Q3 FY’25? I just wanted to know the amount of sales 
return we had in this quarter. 
Management:  
Sales this quarter was 274 crores. 
Raj:  
No, no. I am talking about sales return.  
Management:  
                  Sales return?  
Raj:  
Yes.  
Management:  
Sales return this quarter we had close to 180 crores. Sorry, 130 crores. 
Raj:  
180 crores was in Q3 FY’25 compared to? 
Management:  
130 crores and last year it was around close to 160 crores. So, this year it was around 130 crores 
whereas till about mid of October, till end of October, November, we were expecting it to be 
around 80 to 90 crores. So, this additional 30-40 crores took us backwards in our top line as 
well as bottom line. 
Raj:  
Alright. And sir, going to Q4 FY’25, we had reported a loss of around 72 crores in Q4 FY’24. So, 
this year's Q4 is also looking the same as last year's Q4? 
Management:  
No, sir. I will repeat again. We will not have such high loss as what we had last year. So, this will 
be a better quarter than what we had last year. The loss will not be so high. 
Raj:  
Alright and sir, how about FY’26? Would you like to comment anything on that? 
Management:  
Okay. FY’26, I think few changing strategies which we are doing now with respect to our cost 
optimization. So, what we have realized is, okay, we have built up a good team across India. 
However, based on performance of various zones what we have been having since last one 
month, we understand that there are various places, various territories and regions where we 
can consolidate. So, we will be consolidating all those and ensuring that the per-employee 
performance is much better than what we had this year. So, this year we had much higher 
strength of employees. However, the per-employee performance didn't come to our 
expectations. So, we are consolidating various regions to ensure that each employee we are 

 
Page 7 of 17 
getting the number what we expect and based on that, next year also that few of the products 
which we have presently close to 8 patented products, wherein half of them were released this 
year itself, we will see a full potential coming next year. So, next year revenue would be for all 
the products with respect to full potential plus with current cost optimization what we are 
making will have a much lower OPEX and already with respect to working capital, we see that 
data in working capital varying. Because of the dumping of last year, we had much higher 
inventory. But this year we see that the inventory levels also will go down. So, across all 
parameters, we will see that the performance will be much, much better in FY’26. 
Management:  
I just want to add 2 lines on to that. So, the key takeaway for us from this particular quarter is 
that there needs to be a very good way of being able to monitor each territory ability to change 
and take corrective action despite any changes in the weather patterns and the cropping 
patterns and that is something that we will be doing. We also have been able to identify certain 
areas of, I would say, inefficiencies and which is what we will be addressing them on a strong 
footing.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead.  
Deepak Poddar: 
So, I just wanted to understand now. I have been tracking this company for some time now. I 
mean, what I have noticed is that whatever we guide, we always fail to achieve, basically. So, I 
mean, where is the gap? I mean, even last year, FY’24, we were targeting some 30% growth, 
20% EBITDA margin. We fell short by a huge margin. This year also, I think we were targeting 
15%, 20% and I think we will have a negative growth, right, given the… So, where is the gap, 
basically? I mean, why is that we always fail to achieve what we have been guiding or what we 
have been saying? So, what I was asking that I have been tracking this company for some time 
and what I have noticed is that whatever we have been guiding, even for last year also, we had 
failed to achieve by a huge margin. I mean, last year also, we were targeting some 30% growth 
and 20% EBITDA margin. We failed miserably and this year also, I think the gap is too huge. I 
think we were targeting 15%, 20%, and we would be seeing a negative growth. So, I mean, 
where is this gap coming? I mean, how is that always we fail to achieve what we have guided 
or targeted for ourselves? I mean, can you throw some light on that? It would be very helpful. 
Management:  
Yes. So, as I mentioned that we had built up a sales team, considering that our numbers and 
the growth will be coming from this because we have built a PAN India team and also, we had 
the products to back them. However, this year, obviously, 2 years, we have been just about 
managing at the same level. So, one is there is an improvement in the branded business. There 
is a significant improvement, which is the way we are moving forward. So, the reduction, what 
you see majorly is coming from the institutional business, which is a conscious decision to 
reduce. So, we are having success in building our brand and able to do it successfully. However, 
what you see is that the initial issue with respect to higher OPEX that has been built, however, 
the benefit of which we should be getting in the next 2-3 years. So, yes, we have not been able 
to match the 20% numbers, what we have been saying since the last 6 months or so. But the 

 
Page 8 of 17 
main reason for this is that first, we have built up the team. However, the sales based on 
climatic conditions and the seasonal factors, we are not able to achieve that. So, that we are 
rationalizing now in this quarter because we understood, okay, building a team immediately 
and trying to get results has not given immediate results, but still able to give immediate 
negative impact on this. So, we are optimizing our cost and we are consolidating our people to 
have that improved performance. So, yes, we are learning from whatever we have done in the 
last 1 year and certainly we will see improvement in the future as well. 
Deepak Poddar: 
But I mean, in terms of margins, I understood what you said, but in terms of top line also, I 
think we fell short by a huge margin, right? I mean, is that something that our products are not 
getting traction? That is why we are getting so high sales returns, and our products are not 
good. So, what is the thought process there? I mean, there is a huge difference of what we 
expect and what we are actually achieving. I mean, not in this year. I mean, it is two years in a 
row, right? 
Management:  
Yes. So, again, that is right when you see number as a value figure, but when you break this 
number into various businesses, so branded business, we have done tremendously. We have 
been growing in the last 2 years at 50 to 70 percent. So, that we have been able to do. The top 
line reduction is basically because of two reasons. One is the institutional business which we 
are trying to reduce. That's the reason you see that the top line has not been able to achieve 
and secondly, this year, there has been a price reduction of close to 20 percent. So, if you see 
current numbers, with 20 percent reduction, our volumes have been much higher, but because 
of that 20 percent reduction, we see at the same value. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, when did this price reduction happen? I mean, why as an investor we were not kind of 
informed during the last call that this price reduction is happening? 
Management:  
So, in the previous call also, when you see in June and September, we had indicated that there 
was a huge China dumping which has happened, and in our previous quarter also this 20 
percent was there, and we had guided accordingly that there was a price reduction of 20 
percent in the earlier calls as well and with respect to sales return, generally the trend is that 
in case you want to grow, you need to place the material well in advance because almost all 
the players are having good amount of inventory with them and would be ready to place at any 
point earlier than the season, and which we also did, considering we have pretty good 
products, but now, once we are in the season, we see that various crops, which are pretty 
strong, does not work out as per our expectation, then there are little higher sales return. So, 
we have factored. So, if you see, we had done provision last quarter as well, and we have done 
this quarter as well for the coming quarter. So, there might be some increase in the sales return 
here and there, but it does not impact our overall strategy of the Branded business. 
Deepak Poddar: 
But in terms of price reduction, if you would have indicated, but you were quite positive on 3rd 
Quarter numbers, right? I mean, you were saying, we will not see any sales return and all. I 

 
Page 9 of 17 
mean, in spite of, I mean, this price return, if the price decrease, you would have indicated last 
quarter, but you were still very positive on third quarter performance, right? 
Management:  
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, there is a big disconnect, right, with what we were saying, in spite of you knowing that price 
were reducing, your performance would not be good then, because price is reducing and it 
would be very difficult for farmers to then invest in agrochemical products that you have. 
Management:  
Yes, Mr. Poddar. In fact, if you talk about if you see our 3rd Quarter, there is, if you see our 
expense side, that is much higher, but if you see, the gross margin was still there. So, the basic 
thing is, if I say, in a broader term, you can say we are into the B2C business, where this kind of 
thing we have to take, because B2C business we have increased a lot from last year to this year 
and the last year to the previous last year. So, that, you can say that is the main reason, because 
when we go into the B2C, they are expensive and everything will be the same, where if we, the 
third quarter, if sale is not there or either any impact, so that will come. So, we can say it is not 
for always, but for this year it is there and we are hoping that this expenses, we think like 
investment on our brand business that will be very good, that we think. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We move to the next question from Preet from Company Wealth Financial Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Preet: 
I still want to continue with what the last participant was saying. So, here is, I think the company 
that you guys are, you keep on doing same things in concalls, which you have no idea in 
following up. Let me give you an example. Last concall, the numbers were released in the 
second week of October, because the reason you say it is that because the SAP system is there, 
you get all the information earlier, you will be able to give data and all subsequent results will 
be early. Now, because the December results are bad, the results are pushed to now the 14th 
of this month. I mean, this really says that concalls information is given without any seriousness 
and to me this is gross negligence also and significant lack of corporate governance. I mean, 
why would you keep on saying anything that you say without any intention of following up or 
sending clarification which you don't follow up. The management here is seriously lacking and 
should be held accountable for this kind of gross negligence. 
Management: 
Yes, Mr. Prit, thank you for your question. In fact, about the delay of this, you are saying, I mean 
the results, that the delay is not for any intention or anything because that does not serve any 
purpose. Sooner or later that has to be done and we have declared our results. The results are 
delayed just because of our internal meetings with the brand business, with the reviews, with 
the next year planning. Because generally, year plan we do in January and February only. Even 
now, even our budget meetings are going on for the next financial year. That is the main reason 
which we are busy in this. That is the only reason for delay. Your first question is delayed. That 
is the only reason. 

 
Page 10 of 17 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Yes, we will move to the next question. The next question is from Komal from ASK 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Komal: 
 Yes. How do you think you manage the balance sheet and what are the plans for fundraising? 
I mean, currently you are having receivables of a 1000 crores and inventory of a 1000 crores 
and no bank will give you debt and no equity investor would be interested. It all boils down to 
confidence and how will you be able to go through this? That's my first question. 
Management:  
So, with respect to working capital, compared to last year's cash flow, we have been able to 
generate close to 170 crores in 9 months positive cash flow and 32 crores for this quarter. For 
inventory, yes, last year it was higher because of various reason and failure of Rabi completely. 
So, inventory has been going down. So, presently it's only 700 crores. 
Komal: 
Can you make it clear. I am not able to understand. 
Management:  
Yes. So, I was saying that, okay, let me repeat. With respect to overall cash flows, we have been 
positive 177 crores for 9 months and 32 crores for the quarter. Our working capital was much 
higher last year and this year we have been able to generate positive cash flows. So, our 6 
months was profitable as well this quarter because of various reasons. What we had 
mentioned, we had some losses. Our inventory and this year's both put together are much 
lower than previous quarter as well as previous years. Our loans, we have repaid during last 9 
months. So, there is no issue with respect to any bankers not giving us loans. Whatever we had, 
in fact, we have repaid loans in last 9 months. So, we do not see anything with respect to 
balance sheet, what you had mentioned. 
Komal: 
What is the current borrowing? Currently, how much is the debt? 
Management:  
Our current borrowing is, the exact number we have about 500 crores. 
Komal: 
Okay. And are you sure that.. 
Management:  
Mostly is working capital side. Yes All of that is working capital. 
Komal: 
Yeah. What about the preferential? Because we have alerted at some 650 odd rupees, right? 
And are you sure that you will be able to receive the remaining amount? What are the thoughts 
there? 
Management:  
So, we have already received the 25% committed amount from the investors and with respect 
to balance, obviously, this is a long-term investment which our investors have shown on us. So, 
one quarter typical performance will not rate with respect to our overall performance of the 
company in future as well. So, obviously, we see a better future for the company and we are 
pretty confident because people have invested at 640. We are pretty confident that our share 
price will be back to those levels so that we feel confident to pay the balance 75% as well. 

 
Page 11 of 17 
Komal: 
Okay, good. Coming to the business front, I have a question. When you say you are doing 
branded 64% for H1 and rest 36% is B2B, this 64% is totally manufactured. I mean, what about 
the 100% we are doing, right? How much is internally manufactured and how much is, I mean, 
we are doing sort of trading? 
Management:  
So, the branded, when we say is all manufactured itself, there is no trading in the branded 
business. For most of it, we produce all the important products and important products we 
manufacture in-house. For few of the products, obviously, you buy from other companies and 
then sell directly. So, that portion is pretty small. But most of our products are manufactured 
in-house because most of our products is, most of 50 to 60% is contributed by our specialty 
molecules and those are all in-house. 
Komal: 
So, when I take 64% branded now, you are saying that totally manufactured by us and that 35% 
is patented, right? 
Management:  
 Yes. 
Komal: 
And by next year, how do you see this patented share going up? 
Management:  
So, we had, as we said last 15- 20 days, we have been moving around and having budget 
meetings with our zonal teams. So, we are pretty confident that our, and we have a special 
stress on our patented products. So, we should be anywhere between 40 to 50% of our overall 
branded business coming from our patented products. 
Komal: 
So, by next year, what would be the branded and institutional sales number? I mean, 
percentagewise. 
Management:  
Overall, we have been able to achieve the target sales to have around 65 to 70% of our business 
coming from branded. So, next year also, we will be in the same range. 
Komal: 
Okay. So, next year, you are saying that patented share will go up, but institutional and branded 
will be in the same range? 
Management:  
Yes. 
Management:  
So, if I may add just to this thing, there will be some percentage of B2B business that will 
continue because at some point of time, it does help us in multiple ways. Although, yes, the 
margin may not be very high, but then the payment cycles are much more assured and always 
in this sort of a business, what happens is we may be having certain products which are excess 
for us but shortage for somebody. We may need some product which is a shortage for us but 
excess for somebody. So, it helps us a lot on the B2B business to be able to support the B2C. 
So, the optimum percentage output would be anywhere between 25 to 30% for the B2B. So, 
at this particular point of time, we wish to continue with the same strategy of maintaining a 

 
Page 12 of 17 
mix of around 65% to 70% as the branded business and anywhere between 30 to 40% as a B2B 
business. That is our strategy at this particular point of time. 
Komal: 
And what is the working capital days in B2B? 
Management:  
In B2B, working capital days would be close to 90 to 120 days. 
Komal: 
and what about B2C? 
Management:  
B2C also we are falling in that range itself, close to 120 days. 
Komal: 
 But suppose if you want to lessen the balance sheet, what would be the strategy for us? 
Because we have to keep the balance sheet also in check, right. 
Management:  
We have done new policy thinking for last branded business. So, with respect to various 
products, we will be getting cash prizes for our products. So, that will manage the balance 
sheet. So, we have enough bank loans to manage this and we are pretty comfortable with 
respect to the number of what we have and in fact, because we were carrying higher working 
capital from last year, which has been consistently decreasing quarter on quarter, and this 
quarter also we are taking special stress on our working capital to reduce it further. So, we will 
see improvement in our balance sheet going forward. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will move to the next question. The next question is from Saket Kapoor from 
Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
 Firstly, with respect to the sales return, what was the sales return number for last time Q4 as 
a percentage of sales or just an absolute number if you could give some color? 
Management:  
So, last year in Q3, Q4 put together, so one was from the Kharif season returned in Q3 till 
December and a little bit in January and December's return in Q4. So, totally we had close to 
22% from our sales, which was sales return last year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Can you quantify the number, sir, as you were maintaining that 130 was the Q3 number 
last year? This year it was 160 or 180, I think. 50 crores was the gap. 
Management:  
Last year it was 160 and this year it was 130. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So, this was Q3 last year and what was Q4 then? 
Management:  
Q4 we had around 70 crores last year. 

 
Page 13 of 17 
Saket Kapoor: 
70 crores. Okay. And this year, by now in the month of February, you would have an inclination 
how the sales return has been post the December quarter also. So, any color you would like to 
give us on the same? 
Management:  
So, liquidation that's still going on will not give the number because still the season is going on. 
So, this will be clear to us only by the end of March. So, by that time we will be able to have a 
clear picture. 
Saket Kapoor: 
But you were confidently mentioning that it will be much, much lower than the last year's 70 
crore number. So, which understanding is correct, sir? We need to wait or what you told earlier 
is correct?  
Management:  
So, both are correct that way. So, one is whatever expected sales we plan, that is one thing. 
And the expectation, expected return. So, till now we are having a season which is going on 
and we think that the return will be lesser and our numbers last year because of even higher 
sales return from our key molecules were the reason that we had losses. But this time we have 
taken enough provision in December itself to ensure that we will not have negative gross 
margins like last year. So, we have done provisions in December so that we take care of the 
return what we will get in Q4 which was little lesser last year. Last year we did not add so much 
provision but we have taken good amount of provision this year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And now to the debt part, I think so, sir, as on September we were not carrying, sir, any 
long-term debt. So, it is all the working capital requirement only that we need for our business? 
Management:  
Yes, as of now also whatever we have is all short for working capital loans. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay and what portion is in terms of foreign currency? I think so, we had a 10 crore non-cash 
item in terms of Forex debit also to the P&L. So, if you could just explain that part to us. How 
much is in foreign currency, sir? 
Management:  
So, we have close to 400 crores which are in foreign currency. So, that portion already because 
suddenly in December you would have seen there was a huge spike in the USD-INR rates and 
which did not happen since last 2 years but whatever deviation happened just about 30-40 
days. So, yes, because of which this exceptional thing which was there in December. So, we 
have close to 400 crores worth of foreign currency payable which we have to do. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a request to participants to please limit your 
questions to one per participant so that the management is able to address questions from all 
participants in the conference. The next question is from Hemant who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  

 
Page 14 of 17 
Hemant: 
 Sir, in the previous answers you were mentioning that you are trying to consolidate your sales. 
But if I compare your B2C revenues with your dealer network, on an average you are doing only 
around 10 lakh rupees per dealer per year which seems to be very less. Whereas other players 
are doing around 25 lakhs to 30 lakhs per dealer per year. So, don't you think this number is 
very less? 
Management:  
Yes. So, you are right to 2 extent. One is, okay, compared to each dealer our number is lesser. 
And also as we mentioned earlier that compared to the number of people we have, the per 
person efficiency also was lower because we expected based on our product portfolio that we 
will be able to ramp up our sales much faster. So, yes, because of seasonal factors and all those 
reasons, we are not able to achieve those. But that is the target for next year as you mentioned. 
We have 2 distinct one is to improve our dealer share, dealer wallet and also to ensure that 
our each employee has the complete performance target for the next year. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Participants are requested to please limit your questions to one per participant. The 
next question is from Sagar Shah, who is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Shah: 
 My question is similar to all the participants. Because we always try to optimize our sales,but 
quarter on quarter we are promising to invest in terms of gross margin, in terms of revenue 
and in terms of top line. But why are we always failing? I am also from last three and a half 
years, we are also inspecting our company. But each and every year we are facing some loss in 
terms of our expectations. So is there any specific reason in terms of corporate governance or 
is there anything in terms of our capabilities to enhance our company's portfolio? 
Management:  
See, I think for all few answers, we have just about answered this. The important part for us is 
that we are improving in our branded business strongly. We are improving in our gross margin 
strongly and we have a portfolio in future to ensure that whatever steps we have taken to go 
towards branded should help us in future. Obviously, there would be a setback in this quarter 
wherein we are not able to match the performance what we had guided. Because even we 
were based on the season, based on the on-time rainfall, we are expecting and the kind of 
investment which we have done on manpower and brand building did not come out specific. 
So there is a short-term pain which we are taking that we did not have the results what we had 
expected. But the amount which we are spending on branding and all obviously will not go 
waste because for the long-term the farmer will ease accepting our products, especially our 
patented products. So most of our patented products are doing pretty good, which we are not 
finding in the industry that our first patent product itself was crossing 300 crores then one is at 
200 and the other is at 100 crores. So this obviously, the good acceptance will give us benefit 
because all the branding amount which we have spent this year will benefit us in future. But as 
you rightly pointed out, it did not come out the way we expected because we were also pretty 
hopeful. But we are taking corrective steps. Since last one month, we have been, as I said, 
optimizing our cost to ensure that our future sales, gross margin and all, already we have 

 
Page 15 of 17 
achieved to those numbers. We will achieve higher sales growth with reduced number of 
people and reduced OPEX, which will certainly improve the future profitability. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will move to the next question. Next question is from Sanjay, who is an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay: 
Just a quick question it was mentioned in the last call that two more cutting-edge insecticides 
are set to release in Q4. So are you going to be on track to release those insecticides in Q4 or 
already done or you are on track and about this income tax department, which is still open 
from September 23, so anything you guys are doing to close this quickly because this is really 
creating uncertainty among the investors? So what is the update on that? I mean, how quickly 
this thing will get closed? 
Management:  
So with respect to income tax, I will answer. With respect to product size, you will be able to 
get it. So with respect to income tax, whatever we had issue last year, later on there was no 
notices and no responses, anything from the income tax side and what we believe is and what 
we understand from the department as well that the issue is closed from there end, even 
though we do not have a formal, formal letter from them to say that it is closed. But there is 
no notices and nothing which has come out a single rupee for that, whatever had happened. 
Sanjay: 
Okay. 
Moderator:  
Yes. Regarding the on track for new products, so we had already been talking about Shot Down, 
which is a proprietary herbicide formulation with Haloxyfop and Imazethapyr.  So we are on 
track for this thing. We are just finalizing the right strategy to be able to take this forward. But 
I would like to caution, that the new products which ever get introduced in the market, they 
take a little bit of time to be able to settle down. So they do not have a big bang approach of 
showing the results in the 1st quarter itself. We are focusing more in terms of being able to 
prove the product on the ground to the farmers so that there is a gradual, sustained and 
continuous revenue growth over the product. We have also been working on one more 
insecticide. But this will see some traction in the rabi season. Shot Down will see some sort of 
a traction from the kharif season. So we may be able to see the effects of Shot Down 
somewhere in the next quarter coming. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Ram Tawa from Equinox Capital. Please go ahead. 
Participant: 
So there is some news saying that there is a deviation in fund utilization. So can you just throw 
some light around that deviation in the fund utilization? 
Management:  
Sorry, we didn't understand. 

 
Page 16 of 17 
Participant: 
There is a deviation in the fund utilization. From CRISIL There is a report which you have sent 
to the exchange. 
Management:  
Yes. So there is no deviation in the fund utilization. So whatever for 150 crores, the committed 
amount from the investors, we have got 25% from them. So there is no deviation in the 
utilization because the balance 75% we are yet to get. So as was committed, so earlier for 200 
crores, we had mentioned that 70 crores will go for CAPEX. But now for 150, we have 
mentioned that 50 crores will go for CAPEX and balance 100 crores will go for working capital. 
And the initial amount what we got, we have utilized for the working capital purpose. But there 
is no deviation. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Veeranna Savadi, who is an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Veeranna Savadi:   
My question is a simple question I have. I just wanted to understand, what is your view on 
getting confidence back from FIIs and DIIs investors? It looks like they all lost trust on your 
company due to non-standing on your words whenever you guys have a concall. So what is 
your view? 
Management:  
So yes, you are right to say that based on, because this is a seasonal business, and based on 
seasonal business, if we are in June, there is obviously an expectation which is built and how 
season is going to pan out, how we are going to sell and that is how we build our expectation 
and when we are doing our June and September quarter, based on those expectations, we had 
given a commentary to say, okay, what we feel about the season and we are preparing our 
company based on those situations as of that date. So yes, we have not been able to match 
that performance what we have been giving in June or September. But what we know is based 
on our product portfolio, we feel that this is a short-term setback what we are having and we 
are pretty sure that we will be able to come out of this considering the changes what we are 
doing with respect to our cost and the learnings what we are having from our previous season. 
Management:  
If I may add, actually, I hear your point that there would be a certain drop in the confidence of 
FIIs and DIIs. But what I would like to say is that it is based on what our product portfolio, what 
we have demonstrated in terms of our R&D, what we have demonstrated in terms of patent, 
that there are Chinese companies, there are Chinese very large manufacturers who have 
decided to work with us as an R&D collaborator. This is a good step in the right direction. They 
view us not just as a buyer of Chinese products, but they view us as somebody who can sort of 
work with them and the relationship has been built on the premise that we can help them in 
their R&D, we can work together, and we can utilize certain registrations with the Chinese 
companies. We have already invested a significant amount of money in the past year. That is 
one area that I wanted to say. The other area is that we had not been able to kickstart our 
export business. I can be happy to say that we have got the first export order, which we started 
after some time and the number of queries and the number of deals which are in progress are 

 
Page 17 of 17 
a few. We will certainly be working on the export front also, to be able to ensure that our dollar 
payment and the stress on the dollar is sort of litigated. Overall in terms of our internal 
confidence, yes we are very clear that the path that we are walking on in terms of R&D, in 
terms of differentiated products, in terms of patented products, in terms of backward 
integration, in terms of being able to work on new molecules, in terms of developing R&D 
collaborations with important companies, we are sure that these things will yield results. Yes, 
you are right in the perspective that we expected things to be able to fall in place much faster, 
but yes, they are a little bit slow. We do look forward to a good year to come. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator:  
We will have to take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the conference back to 
the management team for closing comments. 
Management:  
Thank you all for joining this conference. We will certainly work to keep the stakeholders' value 
in our mind at the top of priority. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
 Thank you very much. On behalf of Best Agrolife Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank 
you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
