sum 
textiles and industries limited 
 
 
 
 
SUTLEJ TEXTILES AND  
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Lotus Corporate Park, ‘E’ Wing, 5th/6th Floor, 
185/A, Graham Firth Compound, Near Jay Coach, 
Goregaon (East), Mumbai 400 063, INDIA. 
Phone : (022) 4219 8800/6122 8989 Fax (022) 42198830 
E-mail : info@sutlejtextiles.com Website: www.sutlejtextiles.com
CIN. : L17124RJ2005PLC020927 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Govt. Recognised Four Star Export House) 
Regd. Office:Pachpahar Road, Bhawanimandi - 326502 (Rajasthan) • Mills:Bhawanimandi (Raj.), Kathua (J&K), Baddi (H.P.), Bhilad (Guj.) 
 
14th February, 2025    
                                                       
BSE Ltd.                       
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,              
Dalal Street, Fort,                       
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 532782 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.   
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip Code: SUTLEJTEX 
 
Dear Sirs / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, kindly find enclosed a transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 which was held on Monday,         
10th February, 2025. The same is also available on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.sutlejtextiles.com.     
 
The conference call held on 10th February, 2025, as per the Transcript enclosed 
incorporates mainly the highlights of financial results upto 31st December, 2024, and other 
related information which is already in public domain and / or made available / uploaded 
on the Company’s website.  
 
Please take the same on record.  
 
                                                                           
Yours faithfully 
For Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Manoj Contractor 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
MANOJ VINOD 
CONTRACTOR
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ VINOD 
CONTRACTOR 
Date: 2025.02.14 
12:01:52 +05'30'

suto 
textiles and industries limited 
Spinning excellence since 1934 
suta 
textiles and indcstries limited 
Spinning excellence since 1934 
*STELLAR 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
Q3 and 9 Months FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIB MUKHOPADHYAY – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SUTLEJ 
TEXTILES AND INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. S. K. KHANDELIA – ADVISOR TO CHAIRMAN – 
SUTLEJ TEXTILES AND INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
STELLAR IR 
 

sum 
Laxl:ins and industries limited 
 
Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited Q3 
and 9 Months FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements that are completely based upon 
our beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. These statements are not a guarantee of future 
performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. The company also undertakes no 
obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect developments that occur after the 
statement is made. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajib, Whole-Time Director and CFO. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Rajib Mukherjee: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the earnings and conference call of Sutlej Textiles 
and Industries Limited for the third quarter and 9 months ended 31st December 2024. I trust that 
you are all doing well. With me on the call today is Mr. S. K. Khandelia, Adviser to Chairman 
of Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited; and Stellar IR Advisors, our Investor Relationship 
team. We have already uploaded the investor presentation, and I hope everyone has had an 
opportunity to go through the same. 
Let me start the call by giving you the financial highlights of the quarter, after which Khandelia 
Ji will update you on the business highlights as well as the industry highlights. Our spinning 
capacity used in current 9 months was 97% against 91% in the corresponding period. For 9 
months FY '25, our consolidated income came in at INR2,012 crores, gross profit improved by 
15% to INR865 crores and EBITDA came in at INR48 crores against a loss of INR26 crores for 
the corresponding period last year, which is 9 months FY '24. 
We are continuously working on the cost optimization and strengthening the balance sheet. We 
have consistently maintained our debt-equity ratio below 1. Presently, it is at 0.85. Our efforts 
are continuing in the direction with long-term prospects, which is envisaged in our results and 
will be more visible in the upcoming quarters. 
For Q3 '25, our consolidated total income came in at INR658 crores. Gross margin was at 42%, 
which was higher by 4% on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA is at INR7 crores from minus INR1 
crore for the corresponding period. 
We are optimistic about the prospects and the Indian domestic market is expected to boost up 
on the benefits given in the budget, but the situation at present remains muted due to wait-and-
watch approach regarding the geopolitical landscape, post Trump administration’s uncertainties 
and its implications for the trade. 

sum 
Laxl:ins and industries limited 
 
Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Positioning of key countries like Turkey has been worsening due to continuous increase in the 
interest rates, and consequent negative impact on the demand of the dyed yarn. Further, the 
positioning of tariff may take some more time to stabilize. The fourth quarter will be of particular 
importance as it will set the tone for the next financial year. 
We are cautiously optimistic that the positive cycle for the textile sector may start in the next 
financial year. Those were my opening remarks. I now request Khandelia Ji to please take it 
forward with the business and industry updates. 
Suresh Khandelia: 
Thank you, Rajib, and thank you all for joining us on this conference call today. As we look at 
the global landscape, today we find ourselves navigating through a period of significant 
uncertainties. Major economies worldwide are experiencing profound transitions, each bringing 
its own set of challenges. It will be interesting to see the stance of other countries that are 
important to us for the global textile trade. We are hopeful that after the dust settles, some of our 
major demand centers will have more clarity and order flow should start improving. 
Coming to the domestic market, the recently announced budget has recognized the strategic 
importance of textile sector, which contributes nearly 2.5% to India's GDP. And the measures: 
Announcement of cotton technology mission will boost production and improve quality of 
cotton, which is a major raw material for textile industry. 
Another step taken by government is the imposition of custom duty of flat 20% or INR115 per 
kg, whichever is higher on imported knitted fabrics. This will restrict such imports from China 
and is a very positive step for domestic yarn manufacturing. Textiles is predominantly in MSME 
sector and all schemes announced for their benefit will directly help textile manufacturing. 
Further, most important is higher spending spurred by lower taxes and lower interest rates should 
be tailwinds for discretionary consumption like textiles going forward. Our strategic focus on 
fungible production capabilities, coupled with targeted cost optimization measures have already 
started yielding some benefits and are likely to continue going forward also. 
We also have our ears to the ground to the changes which are happening to the industry and are 
taking appropriate measures to deal with such changes despite the overall subdued sentiment. 
We remain focused on optimizing our cost, product mix, production, etc. in-line with emerging 
trends to stay ahead of the curve. With that, we can now take your questions. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. 
Aditya Sen: 
Sir, my question is about EBITDA margins, which have been quite low since quite some time. 
So is there any strategic move that we are planning to get back to the previous margins? Or will 
the margins be only driven by the macro events? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
Yes. As you know, as we have been explaining in our conference calls, and you might have seen 
the results of other yarn companies also, which are manufacturing yarn, that the EBITDA margin 
has been unfortunately coming lower since last 2 years because the textile has not been doing 

sum 
Laxl:ins and industries limited 
 
Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
good worldwide, particularly the yarn industry. So that type of the margins which we have today 
will definitely appear to have to go up because these things cannot continue for long. 
And I think people feel that now, as I mentioned that there has been positive steps for the 
domestic market. And once the dust settles in the export markets after all these policy designs 
and other things comes to the foray and the demand improves, it is the question of the demand 
and supply because demand is not emerging and supply pressure continues to be the same. 
And we are operating at full capacity. So that is the reason that the EBITDA margin is low at 
present. And that should keep on improving going forward. But the demand has to emerge and 
for which we are optimistic. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Kanishk Jain from AK Investment. 
Kanishk Jain: 
I wanted to know about the strategy which you are planning or will be adopting to stabilize our 
margins going ahead? Any specific plan are you thinking of? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
No, as I explained to you that there are 2-3 things. First thing is that demand is not emerging, 
supply is more. That is the basic reason of EBITDA being lower. Second thing, we are looking 
at any new product, new technology or any new thing which we can do to improve our margin 
despite the subdued demand. 
But since the visibility is not there, we are not clear which products are to take forward, which 
technology to take forward further. And what should we do to improve our margins in the new 
products or anything. So once the visibility is there, then we can do many things. But of course, 
we are doing many things like, as I mentioned, we are optimizing our cost further. We are 
reducing our cost. 
We are changing product mix to some extent like from apparel to non-apparel, we are increasing. 
We are going in value-added products like lycra twisted yarn and lycra core spin yarn. Wherever 
there is demand of any specialty yarn by the specialty buyers, we are trying to cater to them and 
then we are getting encouraging results. So once the demand emerges, we are fully geared to 
take benefit of that and the EBITDA margin should improve. 
Kanishk Jain: 
Understood. That was very well structured. And also wanted to know about some marketing 
spend on different services and other products. 
Suresh Khandelia: 
Can you please repeat your question? 
Kanishk Jain: 
I wanted to know marketing spend, Sir. 
Suresh Khandelia: 
You see, we have a big marketing team. Whatever we are producing, we are able to sell. You 
must have seen the data, our inventories are not increasing, our receivables are not increasing. 
We have different marketing centers and international markets, we are selling to 70 countries. 
And every corner of the country, we are selling and we are selling for different applications, 
whether it is knitting, weaving, garmenting, grey, dyed, apparel, non-apparel, technical textile. 
So we are present everywhere. 

sum 
Laxl:ins and industries limited 
 
Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
So we have the huge marketing strength. The only thing is that the overall worldwide demand is 
low for the particular type of things at present. So once the demand improves, the things will 
improve. 
Kanishk Jain: 
Okay. Understood sir. And also just wanted to know we have volume up pretty well; capacity 
utilization is pretty good? So, how long does it take to revive completely, any target or anything 
to that in your mind? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
We hope you might have seen the Retailers Association of India, Garment Association of India 
that when the demand started coming down, they thought it is a temporary blip. But after 2 years, 
they also are not able to predict when the demand will re-emerge. So you see the uncertainty is 
there, geopolitical tensions, a lot of conflicts, Red Sea crisis, so many things have been 
happening worldwide. And whatever happens worldwide, that definitely impacts Indian market 
also because 20% of textile is being exported. 
And earlier, it used to be 1/3rd of the total production. So that pressure is coming on domestic 
market also. So naturally, now we are seeing that last year was a heavy election year. There were 
election in 20 countries. So that has created some sort of election mode and other things. and 
then a lot of geopolitical, as I mentioned. So it was the entire period of 2024, '24-'25 financial 
year has been struggling for the demand. 
There has been certain shift towards certain products in which we are also adopting new type of 
products like recycled fiber and other things. So one can only hope that from next year, all the 
dust will settle. Domestic demand should also improve because government has given income 
tax exemption. Now the rate of interest has also been cut. We are expecting the cut in the interest 
rate going forward in the USA. as well as further interest rate cut in India. 
Inflation is also settling down. So that will improve the purchasing power with the masses. 
Because after all, it cannot continue like this. So we hope that next year should be better than 
this year. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital India. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
What was our production from the green fiber this quarter? And are we seeing the improvement 
in that business also? Or how is it? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
So far production is concerned, we are running at 110% of our capacity. Production was good. 
Our capacity is 120 tonnes/day, whereas we have produced 130 tonnes/day. But the point here 
is that basically this unit was set up for captive consumption to have the better quality of yarn 
because otherwise, when we used to purchase from outside, there used to be variation in the 
supply of the fiber. So that was basically meant for our own fiber. But having said so, there has 
been an increase in the PET bottle prices because many applications of that bottle has been 
increased like B2B. 
So the demand of PET bottle has gone up. And because of the PET bottle prices has been going 
up. And in winter season, the supply also reduces. So because of that, there was a mismatch 

sum 
Laxl:ins and industries limited 
 
Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
between the fiber price and PET bottle price because the recycled fiber price is basically 
governed by the price of the fresh fiber, virgin fiber of the Reliance and other manufacturers. 
So there was pressure on the prices. Otherwise, plant is running well and we had 110% of our 
total production in Q3 was 12,000 tons. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
And the PET bottle prices, if you compare last year to this year, what kind of increase could be 
there or if you can give broad number per kg basis, if it is possible? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
It is basically the delta between the PET bottle and the fiber price. So the last year delta used to 
be higher by INR3 to INR4 per kg. And this year, in this quarter, particularly, delta has been 
lower by that much amount. So it is basically the delta which impacts. So I think that maybe a 
temporary feature and other thing. Let's see how it works. 
And now the summer season will start and availability of bottles will increase and demand for 
recycled fiber should also improve. So I think going forward, it should improve. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Got it. And out of our total spindle, how much would be 100% cotton? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
Total, we have about 40,000 spindles on which we run normally gray yarn, cotton gray yarn. 
And rest are all on dyed or melange or something like that. But because at times when the 
demand for the melange or other things is lower, we have to run more of the gray yarn. But in 
gray yarn, cotton yarn, it is not 100% absolutely. 
Sometimes it is polyester cotton, sometimes it is 100% cotton. So maximum out of 413,000 
spindles, we run normally about 60,000 sometimes. But normally, it is 40,000 only on cotton 
and cotton blended yarns gray. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Got it. And last, sir, our home textile business also seems to be impacting the profitability, but 
are we seeing -- not seeing some benefit of lower raw material cost in home textile? Or is there 
something else in the home textile business we need to improve? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
You are very much right. What happened that since there were problems in the Middle East, our 
exports to Middle East suffered very much. Secondly, we intentionally reduced our domestic 
sales to some extent, particularly to the wholesalers because we find that the payment issue is 
coming there. So we have tightened our credit to the domestic wholesalers, not for other things. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Capital. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
So just wanted to understand what -- how much percentage of your yarn volumes would now be 
value-added yarn? And you had forayed into knitted fabrics as well. So is vertical integration 
helping you do much better than being solely yarn? Or is it still very small? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
So we have a very small capacity of knitting. We have only 18 knitting machines, and that were 
put out basically only to test the waters for the Melange yarn. So unfortunately, since the market 
has been doing well, we could not expand that capacity and we could not put the process house 
for knitting also. So that's a very small capacity. 

sum 
Laxl:ins and industries limited 
 
Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
So knitting downstream, we are looking into once the visibility is clear, we may put more 
knitting with the processing. So that was the one part of it. So for value-added yarns are 
concerned, it depends from season to season, time to time and application to application. But the 
overall market has been down throughout each and every segment. 
So that is very difficult to say how much is the value-added at this point of time. Normally, we 
used to have about 20% of the value-added yarn, but it is fluctuating now. Because in such 
recession times when the demand is low, people want the cheapest type of yarn. They don't need 
those type of yarn except for specific application. 
So demand of those type yarn is a little lower at this point of time. But we hope that as the things 
improve going forward, the demand will again come. Otherwise, we normally use 15%, 20% of 
value-added yarns. And if you compare with the gray cotton yarn, 100% Melange is the value-
added that way. So it's a relative term. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Understood. So sir, but if I look at your numbers 3 years, 4 years back and today, the 
profitability has taken a huge hit. Is it the market supply of blended yarn wherein more and more 
cotton players have started getting into blended yarn impacting your profitability? Or is it largely 
a demand concern, part one? 
And second, whether we can get into newer products or be more cotton intensive because if I 
look at the numbers of other cotton yarn manufacturers, they have value addition as such, I 
understand. But their profitability as compared to last year has improved. So is your cotton 
capacity is also doing better versus blended yarn capacity. 
Could you help us give some color on that? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
Let me take your question in 2-3 parts. If you see the dyed yarn, synthetic yarn, everybody is in 
the same boat. There is nobody is doing better than what we are doing. Rather, we may be doing 
something better as we have introduced certain different type of yarns and for this, there has 
been good demand in the market. So we have been able to run our full capacity of synthetic dyed 
yarns. 
So that was the one part. We have the highest capacity of synthetic dyed yarns among all our 
peers. Now coming to the value addition in cotton and cotton blended gray yarn. If anybody has 
a downstream activity in cotton or say if there are different, say if you talk of the fine count of 
the south mills, that's a different setup. So we have always been traditionally in dyed, melange 
and other things. 
Melange is doing well. We are doing better than our competitors in melange yarn. But say the 
Bangladesh situation came in between. So that affected the demand for melange yarn, which is 
one of the value-added yarn. So in gray yarn, I don't think anybody except new established mills, 
which have been established under the huge subsidy and have the new plant fully automatic and 
they are meant for the gray production. 

sum 
Laxl:ins and industries limited 
 
Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Their expenses are for the automated plant. So they may be doing better and they might have 
done better. And if you will see our results, we have done much better than the last year. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes. Okay. Understood, sir. And sir, in home textiles, we had acquired companies in the US for 
marketing purpose. And how is our share of outsourcing versus brand and supplying to our units 
in US. And how are we progressing over there? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
No, we are supplying very little quantity there. Basically, that is a distribution company, and 
they are purchasing from worldwide. And that's a small company. But the US market has been 
struggling because you know the interest rate on new home is about 7% there, which used to be 
2% and 2.5%. So because of that, the home sales is less there. And due to that, there has been 
less demand for the type of home textile, which they have been distributing. 
 
So that company has been suffering. So from here, we are supplying to other retailers and other 
converters in the US and our export to North America is very good. But our company ASM is 
in a different price bracket, much higher price bracket and they are supplying to specific products 
and to specific customers. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Amit Aggarwal from Leeway Investments. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
I raised the same question last year, I'm repeating the same thing, last conference that our 
employee cost to turnover is still very high, 15%. All of the yarn companies have employee cost 
around 10% of the turnover. So last conference, you said that we have done something taking 
steps to reduce it, but I don't see any change compared to the last quarter. Any comment on that 
part? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
Yes, you are very much right. Our efforts are going on and we have reduced certain number of 
employees. Cost has reduced to that extent in absolute terms if you take the volume and other 
things. But the market has not been that good. So revenue has not increased in that line. 
Our efforts are going on. We have been always in dyed yarn and our capacity in terms of number 
of spindles is around 100%. 
On the same spindles if I produce finer counts, the production will be very low. Whereas our 
average count is coming higher. So because of that, the employee cost is coming higher. We are 
taking steps and trying to optimize the workforce. 
So now we are going for some sort of automation and optimization wherever possible. But you 
see it is not a 1-day affair. It's continuous. We have started the process, and you will see the 
result going forward. And quarter after quarter we hope to see some improvement. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
And significant change in next in these two, three quarters or it will take 1 or 2 years? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
If the revenue changes, it may immediately come down. If the rates improve, if the demand 
comes in, if the entire capacity in terms of the quantity is also used, not only in terms of spindles, 
which we are already using, the revenue will automatically increase. Earlier, we had achieved 

sum 
Laxl:ins and industries limited 
 
Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
revenue of INR3,000 crores. Now it is coming to about INR2,600 crores, whereas the increase 
is always there, whether it is the wages or staff increments.  
We are continuously optimizing our workforce. You will continuously see the results. But it will 
be 1-year affair, it may be 2-year affair. Once the revenue goes up, automatically 2% - 2.5% can 
come down immediately. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Do we need to more modernize machinery compared to the other competitors? Or we are as 
good as other competitors regarding the same? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
No, no. There are two types of things. We are in dyed yarn. In dyed yarn, we have been 
continuously modernizing our machinery. This year also we have spent INR50 crores for 
different types of automation and other things which can be possible and something like that. 
We always keep modernizing to the extent required. 
If anybody is manufacturing gray yarn, the employee cost will be only 5%. If anybody has the 
fabrics with them, the cost will be lower. So these type of things are there. With the same type 
of cost we have been earning good EBITDA. But we are continuously working on that. 
There are two parts. One side is that how we can improve our revenue. Another thing is how we 
can reduce our employees cost. So on both fronts, we are working and quarter after quarter, but 
quarter may be even a shorter period. 
But if you will see the next year, say FY25-26, I am hopeful that the percentage will come down. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Okay. And my last question is regarding currency exchange. Sir, the dollar has increased 
compared to Indian rupee in the last 3 to 3 months. So should that help in our margins or the 
cost will be adjusted as per the exchange rate? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
Depreciation of rupee will definitely improve the margin, but in products which we export to 
USA. If you talk to other countries like South Korea or any other country, the depreciation in 
their currency has been much more than our currency. So there, we don't get benefit. So it is the 
competing countries currency, we say it's rupee versus dollar. So wherever it is and whatever 
we are exporting to US, we will get benefit there. 
Similarly, in some specialty products where we have the bargaining power, there we will get 
benefit. But most of the things we will not get benefit. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
And I imagine that our biggest competitor country-wise is China. So is there any uptick in the 
Chinese market? Or is it struggling -- is it also struggling like Indian market? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
No, we are not exporting to China. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Our competition is -- I think our competing country maximum is China only. China and Pakistan. 
Suresh Khandelia: 
China's currency is depreciated much more than us. So suppose China is exporting to USA, and 
we are exporting to USA, we are in the same boat. And if China is exporting to some other 

sum 
Laxl:ins and industries limited 
 
Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
country, we are also exporting to same country, we are almost in the same boat. But where Indian 
market is concerned, it's a different story. There is a huge import of the knitted fabrics, which 
has spoiled our entire winter yarn garment market in the Ludhiana, Amritsar, NCR. 
But now the government has come out with the INR115/kg minimum import duty. So that will 
stop that. Chinese products come through different countries also. So our government is aware 
of that and government is taking care that the imports will not be there. So in domestic market, 
it will not impact. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Rahul Shah from DD Associates. 
Rahul Shah: 
So sir, I had one question regarding what is the volume growth in both yarn and home textile 
segment? And how do we see the contribution in volume from both the segments going ahead? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
As I mentioned to you, if you compare Q2, Q3, since we have operated all the spindles in Q2 as 
well as in Q3, there has not been any volume growth because until unless the demand pattern 
changes, volume growth cannot happen. If you talk of the home textile, in exports, our volume 
growth has been the same. 
And in domestic, of course, intentionally, we have reduced our volume there. And in processing, 
since the cloth business is not doing well, processing job work was less. So there some volume 
has decreased. Otherwise, in yarn, the volumes are almost same. As compared to last year, we 
cleared the inventories in FY 23-24. 
There was a huge stock in the beginning of '23. So we cleared those stocks. So sales will be 
more, but the production is more this year. As compared to last year 9 months, this year 
production is much more. 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. Sir, going forward, sir, how do you expect the volume after the macro conditions if 
you consider? 
Suresh Khandelia: 
As I mentioned to you that we hope that the consumer purchasing power improves because of 
the change in the tax rate at the bottom. Secondly, Rabi and Kharif crop has been good. Third 
thing is the interest rate has also come down. So many EMIs should come down. And the 
inflation is also coming under control. 
Say, last year, our GDP has gone down very much as compared to previous year. And this year, 
I hope that the capex and other things would happen by the government and others. So if the 
GDP improves and all these measures taken together, we are hopeful that the next year should 
be better than this year. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Suresh Khandelia: 
Thank you. We are optimistic but cautious for the coming year. And we hope that the next year 
should be better than the current year. Thank you. 

sum 
Laxl:ins and industries limited 
 
Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
