 
 
 
 
 
GPIL/2024-2025 
February 7, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 542857 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex , Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: GREENPANEL 
 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcripts of conference call held on February 6, 2025 
Pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 of the SecuriƟes and Exchange Board of India (LisƟng ObligaƟons and 
Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015, please ﬁnd enclosed a transcript of the conference 
call of the investors and analysts held on Thursday, February 6, 2024, at 4:30 P.M. on the 
unaudited ﬁnancial results of Greenpanel Industries Limited for the quarter and nine months 
ended December 31, 2024. 
Please take the above on records.  
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Greenpanel Industries Limited 
 
 
(Lawkush Prasad) 
Company Secretary & VP - Legal 
ACS : 18675 
 
 
 
 
 
Lawkush 
Prasad
Digitally signed by 
Lawkush Prasad 
Date: 2025.02.07 
19:46:25 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
Greenpanel Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Good day everyone, and thank you for joining us on Greenpanel Industries Limited’s 
Q3 & Nine Months FY25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us today Mr. Shobhan Mittal - the Managing Director, Mr. V. 
Venkatramani - the CFO. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some statements made in today’s 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. 
A detailed statement in this regard is available in the Result Presentation that was 
sent to you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Shobhan Mittal to begin the proceedings of the call. 
Over to you, Shobhan. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us to discuss Greenpanel's 
“Operating and Financial Performance” for Q3 FY'25. 
MDF domestic sales volume was flat year-on-year and grew by 11% quarter-on-
quarter. 
Export volumes were lower by 7.6% year-on-year since we consciously stopped 
exports to those customers who were not prepared to compensate us for the steep 
increase in wood prices. 
Mdf domestic realizations were lower by 5% year-on-year at Rs.29,867 per cubic 
meter. 
Export realization were higher by 2% year-on-year at Rs.19,479 per cubic meter. 
India's EBITDA margins at 5.1% were impacted by steep increase in wood prices. 
Plywood volumes were lower by 17% year-on-year. EBITDA margins at 3.1% were 
impacted by lower volumes. Plywood realizations at Rs.252 per square meter were 
higher by 1.2% year-on-year. 
Post-tax profits for the quarter was lower by 75% at Rs.8.5 crore as compared to 
Rs.34.61 crore in the corresponding quarter for reasons mentioned earlier. 
Net working capital at 36 days has shown an increase of 11 days year-on-year due 
to an increase in wood inventories. 

 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Net debt stands at Rs.104 crore as on 31st December 2024 inclusive of Rs.219 crore 
for the expansion project. 
Work is progressing on the expansion project, and we estimate commercial 
production towards the end of Q4 FY'25. 
Mr. Venkatramani will now run you through the Financials in greater detail, post 
which we will have the Q&A Session. Thank you. 
V. Venkatramani: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss the Q3 FY’25 
Financial Performance on Greenpanel Industries. 
Net sales during the quarter were lower by 7% at Rs.358.12 crore compared to 
Rs.384.99 crore during the corresponding period due to a fall in domestic realizations 
and lower plywood volumes. 
MDF sales fell by 6% at Rs.325.93 crore and contributed 91% of the top line. 
MDF domestic volumes were flat year-on-year while export volumes were also lower 
due to pricing issues. 
MDF domestic revenues were Rs.287.01 crore, while exports contributed Rs.38.92 
crore. 
Domestic realizations were lower by 5.5% year-on-year at Rs.29,867 per cubic 
meter, while export realizations were higher by 2.2% at Rs.19,479 per cubic meter. 
Blended MDF realizations were lower by 4.2% at Rs.28,079 per cubic meter. 
Uttaranchal MDF plant operated at 82% and Andhra plant operated at 58% with 
blended capacity utilization at 66%. 
Plywood sales saw de-growth of 16.1% at Rs.32.19 crore. Plywood sales volumes 
were lower by 16.9% at 1.28 million square meter, and the unit operated at 44% 
during the quarter. Plywood sales realizations were up by 1.2% at Rs.252 per square 
meter. 
In Q3 FY'25, gross margins were lower by 1,285 basis points year-on-year at 43.2% 
due to a fall in domestic realizations by 5.5% year-on-year and steep increase of 
25% in wood prices year-on-year. 
EBITDA margins were down by 1,229 basis points at 5%. EBITDA in value terms 
stood at Rs.17.78 crore and post-tax profit at Rs.8.50 crore for the reasons 
mentioned earlier. 
That concludes my presentation. We may now start the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First 
question is from the line of Parth Bhavsar from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. In your remarks you mentioned that this quarter was 
even largely impacted by raw material costs and lower prices both in exports as well 
as domestic market. So, wanted to understand, what was the timber procurement 
cost both in North and South for the quarter and how do we see it going ahead? 

 
Page 3 of 9 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. Timber procurement prices were Rs.7.15 per Kg in North India and Rs.6.23 
per Kg in South India with blended rate of Rs.6.66 per Kg for both the plants put 
together. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay. How do we see this going ahead? Is this the peak for us because there was a 
sudden jump on a quarter-on-quarter basis and normally cost, how do we see it going 
ahead? 
V. Venkatramani: 
I would say we are probably towards the end of the cycle, but I won't completely rule 
out few percentage points increase in the next couple of quarters. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay, and a few data points. What were the share of value-added products during 
the quarter? 
V. Venkatramani: 
It was 49% in volume terms and 61% in value terms. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay. Besides this, how has the competition been in the domestic market as well as 
the imports? So, I wanted to understand in domestic markets are companies going 
aggressive and taking price cuts and even we are following the suit and is it because 
of the pressure because of imports since BIS norms kick in anytime and there's a 
pressure from imports since everyone would want to sell it off whatever the inventory 
is left? 
V. Venkatramani: 
There was some pressure from imports. If you look at Q2FY’25, we had imports of 
approximately 10,000 cubic meters per month and during Q3FY’25 it was between 
20,000 to 22,000 cubic meters per month. So, the imports percentage increased in 
Q3 FY’25 and I think you rightly mentioned that this possibly happening before BIS 
comes into effect. As far as domestic realizations are concerned, we have not taken 
any price cuts in the current quarter, but if you remember, we had taken a 4% price 
cut towards the middle of August. So, part of that impact of the price cut happened 
in this quarter. Because in the previous quarter it was effective for 45 days only, the 
full impact did not come in the previous quarter, part of the impact was seen during 
the current quarter. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Got it, and one last question. What was the profitability for exports in margin terms 
or whatever you can help me with? 
V. Venkatramani: 
I would say it's low single digits because the volume of exports was very low. So, we 
were only taking orders which were making a positive contribution to the fixed cost. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Right. Any rough numbers as well? 
V. Venkatramani: 
So, the total exports for the quarter were 19,978 cubic meters at an average 
realization of 19,479. The realization is low because majority of the consignments 
were on FOB basis, that is the freight cost was paid by the customer. Like I 
mentioned, it was in low single digits. 
Moderator: 
Thank You. The next question is from Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Firstly I want to understand the volume guidance 
which you have given earlier for H2 and FY'26. I want to understand one more thing, 
as you are eyeing very strong growth of 35% in FY'26 because your new plant will 
be coming up. But is really capacity constrained or demand is a challenge for you? 
So, coming up with new capacity, whether we will speed up the growth rate of the 
company? 

 
Page 4 of 9 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. As far as the current year, I don't think we will be able to meet the guidance 
which we had given in the last con-call. I think at the moment, our efforts are to 
ensure that domestic volumes at least reach the level which we did in FY'24. As far 
as FY'26 is concerned, I think we will be targeting 8% to 10% volume growth on the 
existing capacity and capacity utilization of between 40% to 50% for the new plant. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Okay. Got it. And what is the outlook on the timber prices? Again, if we take the exact 
rate of timber prices, whether the timber cost will increase in next quarter, and what 
is the outlook for this? 
V. Venkatramani: 
There will definitely be an impact as far as the consumption rate is concerned, 
because there will be some inventory effect of the price rises which happened during 
the current quarter. So, yes, unless we see a significant fall in timber prices in 
February or March, I think consumption cost will be higher in Q4FY’25 as compared 
to Q3FY’25. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Okay. What sort of increase should we expect in Q4FY’25 if timber prices stay stable 
from here? 
V. Venkatramani: 
Timber prices are volatile. Like I mentioned in the opening comments that we have 
seen a 25% increase in wood prices year-on-year. So, it's very difficult to forecast 
the trend. And till the new crops come around July, I think there could be some 
increase in wood prices. But it's very difficult to forecast the trends. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Okay. Got it. That's it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Shraddha Kapadia from Share India. Please go 
ahead. 
Shraddha Kapadia: 
I wanted to understand the major industry demand scenario? Also, region wise if we 
are seeing any green shoots which is visible? And also in terms of the 
demand/supply if you could give a basic understanding about the same? 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. So, in terms of capacity, we are currently at about 4.2 million cubic meters and 
if we add our capacity which is expected to be operational in Q4, we should be 
around 4.5 million cubic meters for the country as a whole in terms of capacity. And 
I expect that market demand will probably be somewhere between 2.7 to 2.8 million 
cubic meters for the current year. So, there will still be a significant gap between 
supply and demand, which will probably be bridged over the next two years. 
Shraddha Kapadia: 
Okay. Also, any update on the BIS norms, do we expect it to be implemented this 
month itself and any updater? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
The date has been announced as 11th February and although there has been no 
official announcement recently, we expect it to be implemented from that date. 
Shraddha Kapadia: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much for the update. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Utkarsh Nopany from BOB Capital Markets. Please 
go ahead. 
Utkarsh Nopany: Yes. Hi! Good evening, sir. Sir, my first question is on the pricing side. So, what we have 
seen is that the rupee has weakened quite a lot in the past few weeks. So, wanted 
to understand from you, whether this is likely to help the industry to take some price 
hike in the current March quarter even in an oversupplied situation? 

 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
You see, the only silver lining is the increase in dollar rate, is that imports are going 
to get more expensive and the segment where that affects us the most is the OEM 
segment. So, anyways, the hope that the QCO, the BIS norms come into place, 
imports will start getting restricted from February. So, in that segment, I think, yes, 
there may be some opportunity for a price increase, but the retail segment primarily 
today pricing is sort of defined by the domestic competition and the increase in the 
dollar rate was not going to affect the domestic competition pricing or costing in any 
which manner. So, at the moment, I don't see a possibility of price increase in regular 
retail segment. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. And what is the share of our OEM sales volume in December quarter? 
V. Venkatramani: 
It was 21% for the quarter. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. 
V. Venkatramani: 
21% of the domestic volumes. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Sir, lastly by when our MDF project is likely to be commissioned? 
V. Venkatramani: 
It will be commissioned towards the end of March. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Shivkumar Prajapati from Ambit Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: My first question is, how is the demand outlook in the US and Europe region? 
V. Venkatramani: 
We don't follow the demand situation in Europe and US because we are not 
supplying those markets. Our exports are primarily to the Middle East and to the 
neighboring countries. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: So, idea was to understand like once the US and Europe demand picks up, the 
Vietnamese and other Indonesians they are supplying in India, would start supplying 
to those regions. That's the reason I quoted this question. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Not necessarily because transportation of plain boards is a challenge to Europe and 
US from Asia in general. So, it's not like the Thais or the Malaysians or the 
Vietnamese are dependent on these markets for the plain boards. Yes, if furniture 
exports increase, then the internal consumption will increase, that's for sure, but it's 
not going to affect the plain board exports. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: The sales promotion expenses for this quarter seems quite low; they’re just a 0.7% 
and earlier it was 2.2%. 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, as demand conditions have been impacted, we have reduced our promotional 
expenditure during the current year. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Sneha Talreja from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Hi team, thanks a lot for the opportunity. Just wanted to gauge the reason for such a 
sharp drop in MDF margins. I overheard timber prices going up, if at all we could 

 
Page 6 of 9 
 
quantify that? Along with that, is there any other reason why margins have come 
down to around 5%-odd? 
V. Venkatramani: 
I see three reasons. So, first, there has been an increase in timber prices. So, 
quarter-on-quarter there's been a 17% increase in wood prices primarily due to an 
increase of 22% in South India and year-on-year there's been a 25% increase in 
wood prices. Secondly, we had introduced a new scheme towards the middle of 
August which had an impact of about 4% on realization. The impact of that was 
partial in Q2FY’25 since it was implemented from middle of August. Hence, the 
balance impact of that is reflected in this quarter. And third, because of the increase 
in wood prices, there has been a significant increase in fuel costs which were also 
impacted by the monsoon because during the wet period, you require more wood to 
get the necessary heat. And lastly, in Q2FY’25, there were some one-off items in the 
other income like Insurance claim and interest income on tax refund. So, the other 
income for this quarter is low by almost 2.5% as compared to Q2FY25. So, these 
are the primary reasons for the fall in the MDF margins. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood. So, secondly, what I wanted to understand is we also have taken some 
price hikes which we have spoken about, when can we see the impact of that in 
terms of realization growth and henceforth margins? 
V. Venkatramani: 
No, we have not taken any price increase or price cut during the current quarter. I 
think some of the competition was planning for a price increase around the 5th of 
November. But I don't know whether it has been implemented or whether it has been 
implemented partially or fully, I'm not really aware of that. 
Sneha Talreja: 
But do you feel discounts continuing? 
V. Venkatramani: 
Discounts in Q2FY’25 are continuing. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood, sir. The discounts were continuing, right? In Q3? 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, it's continuing in Q3FY’25 as well as in the current Q4FY’25. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood, sir. That's helpful, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Resha Mehta from GreenEdge Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Resha Mehta: 
Yes, firstly, just a few clarifications. So, one, as you said, the MDF imports in India 
on an average per month in Q3FY’25 were to the tune of 20,000, 22,000, is that 
number correct? 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, between 20,000 to 22,000 per month. 
Resha Mehta: 
And you would attribute this steep rise to any specific reason? 
V. Venkatramani: 
I'm not aware of any specific reasons, but there's a possibility that it could be because 
of the expectation of BIS implementation from February. Hence, OEMs who are the 
primary importers, have possibly stocked up before BIS implementation. It also 
happened last year when BIS implementation was expected that imports went up 
significantly just before BIS was expected to be implemented. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right. And on the MDF realizations, right, so both if we look at the domestic as well 
as the export realizations, they have declined quarter-on-quarter and a decline has 

 
Page 7 of 9 
 
been much more steeper on the export side. So, what would be the reasons for 
decline in realizations in both domestic as well as export for MDF? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Okay. As I explained primarily because most of the exports during the current 
quarter, which is almost 80% of the exports were on FOB basis, where the freight 
was paid by the customer and hence our realizations were lower as compared to 
earlier quarters. And on the domestic side, we had introduced a new 4% scheme for 
our dealers during the middle of August. So, part of that impact is reflected in the 
current quarter. 
Resha Mehta: 
But exports, we were always largely FOB, right, or has there any -? 
V. Venkatramani: 
No, we are largely C&F. 
Resha Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. And when was the last price hike taken in MDF in the domestic market? 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think probably around November '22 as far as I remember. 
Resha Mehta: 
Okay. And the reason for stocking high wood inventory would be in anticipation of 
the rainy season or the further expectation in terms of the inflationary trend? 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, to some extent, the monsoons and also because the harvesting season starts 
from January, so there's not much labor available to cut the trees because they are 
engaged in other activities like harvesting, rice, etc., So, there is a shortage of labor 
to cut trees and hence we stock up because of the harvesting season. 
Resha Mehta: 
But would it have anything to do with the inflationary expectations? 
V. Venkatramani: 
Not really, because overall, we keep wood inventory of 3 weeks, and if we maintain 
an inventory too large, the timber tends to crack and quality deteriorates. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right. And the next question is on the ply segment. So, for nine months we have 
seen a volume degrowth of almost 16%. So, when is it that we stop seeing this kind 
of volume degrowth? Because I understand that we have done some kind of 
restructuring in the ply segment, right, and the others apportioned this is that, the 
margins have been improving over the last two, three, quarters, right, so we have 
moved to a positive trajectory despite the realizations being flattish and the utilization 
levels have also gone down. So, two questions here. When do we see some at least 
a volume degrowth stopping? And second what is the reason for improvement in 
margins despite weak realizations and lower utilization? 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, the reason for the margin improvement is because we have been reducing the 
admin costs. We are economizing on cost that helps to build the margins because 
there's not been too much inflation in wood prices on the plywood side, because a 
lot of wood imports are happening from Africa. And wood prices have been relatively 
stable on the plywood side, gross margins have remained stable. And it's primarily 
because of low volume that EBITDA margins have been significantly impacted, but 
some cost reductions have helped to improve the plywood margins to a very small 
extent. 
Resha Mehta: 
And when do we see this decline in volume degrowth? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
On your second question, we have taken some very drastic measures and changes 
within the plywood business model. Initially, there were internal changes within the 
sales team. Now, we're in the process of completely revamping our dealer 
distribution network as well. Hence, it's taking a longer period because we're sort of 

 
Page 8 of 9 
 
consolidating the dealer base, appointing larger size dealers and distributors. So, 
there have been major changes in the plywood business model as we have relooked 
it as a completely fresh page. So, I think that starting next financial year, we will start 
seeing the impact and the benefit of that. So, for next year, we are hoping anywhere 
between 15% and 20% volume improvement, if not more. 
Resha Mehta: 
Which is from Q1FY’26 onwards, right? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes. 
Resha Mehta: 
And also, so we now have a common sales team across ply and MDF. So, are we 
seeing any synergies because actually one would expect that we should be able to 
penetrate more into our existing MDF dealers with a common sales team and at least 
we should stop seeing volume decline, right? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
So, a lot of the MDF dealers are already sort of married to more sort of established 
plywood brands before. So, it's a bit of a challenge to sort of convince them to move 
away and they don't like to carry multiple brands in the same product segment. So, 
where they might be my MDF dealer, they might already be associated with another 
branded company in the plywood segment. So, it's a bit of a challenge to convince 
them, but yes, we are trying to leverage our existing network to a large extent and 
convincing them and that is why things are taking a bit longer than expected. But, as 
I mentioned earlier, hopefully, Q1FY’26 onwards, we will start seeing the gains in 
this. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right. And as you all said that we have been consolidating our dealers here on the 
ply side. So, any numbers that you would like to share here that we were at X-dealers 
and now we have reduced to Y-dealers or something of that sort? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
I think it's a bit too premature to do that at this point of time. So, we will have more 
clarity on that towards the end of the financial year as to where we stand. Many are 
in process, many are being reviewed. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right, right. Alright. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Parth Bhavsar from Investec. Go ahead. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Sir, I have two sets of questions. One is in Q3, how has the industry grown, any idea 
in the domestic market, a rough estimate? 
V. Venkatramani: 
October started off quite well, but since diwali, we are seeing a muted demand. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay. Fair enough. And you mentioned that your base capacity would grow at 8% to 
10% and you look to operate the new capacity at 40% -  45% utilization. So, obviously 
the 40%, 45% utilization won't directly come from Q1, right? It would gradually ramp 
up to 40%, 45% in Q4 maybe. So, what sort of profitability do you see for FY'26 on 
EBITDA per CBM terms because that would be a higher fixed cost in the first two 
quarters as well for the new plant? 
V. Venkatramani: 
I won't give you guidance on the margin, but the new plants will help to improve the 
margin substantially, because the incremental fixed costs will be very low apart from 
the power and fuel cost and some addition of manpower on the plant side. So, there 
are no significant increase in fixed cost for the new plant. So, I think once we start 
the new plant and we achieve that capacity utilization of around 40%, I think we will 
see a significant improvement in the margin. 

 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay. So, when do you expect this facility at what utilization would it roughly 
breakeven? 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think it should be definitely breakeven if we achieve a 40% capacity utilization as 
well. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay. Fair enough. Thank you so much. Those were my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question in the queue. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Thank you, everyone for joining this call, and we look forward to speaking to 
everyone again post the next quarter and at the end of the financial year. If anyone 
has any further questions, please feel free to reach out to us. Thank you. 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you, everyone and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Greenpanel Industries Limited, that concludes 
the conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen.   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Please note:  
We have edited the language, made minor corrections, without changing much of 
the content, wherever appropriate, to bring better clarity. 
 
