 
 
SURYODAY SMALL FINANCE BANK LIMITED 
Reg. & Corp. off: 1101, Sharda Terraces, Plot. 65, Sector 11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai: 400614 Tel: 022-40435800 
E Mail: info@suryodaybank.com / Web: www.suryodaybank.com CIN: L65923MH2008PLC261472 / GSTIN NO: 27AAMCS5499J1ZG 
January 30, 2025 
 
Ref.: SSFB/CS/109/2024-25  
 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051 
 
Symbol: SURYODAY 
 
 
BSE Limited 
The Corporate Relations Department 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543279 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Submission of the Transcript of the Conference Call held on January 24, 2025 on the Unaudited 
Financial Results of Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited (the “Bank”) for the Quarter (Q3) 
and Nine months ended December 31, 2024 
 
Ref.: 
Our Letter No. SSFB/CS/99/2024-25 dated January 15, 2025 and Letter No. SSFB/CS/106/2024-
25 dated January 24, 2025, respectively pertaining to intimation of Conference Call and 
disclosure of Audio recording of Conference Call on the Unaudited Financial Results of the 
Bank for the Quarter (Q3) and Nine months ended December 31, 2024 
 
In continuation to above referenced letters and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with clause 15 of 
Paragraph A in Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), kindly be apprised that the transcript of the aforesaid 
Conference (Earnings) Call held on January 24, 2025, on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Bank for 
the Quarter (Q3) and Nine months ended December 31, 2024, has been made available on the Bank’s 
website within the timeline prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations and could be accessed at 
following link and also enclosed herewith as an Annexure to this letter:   
 
https://www.suryodaybank.com/assets/pdf/SSFB_Transcript_Conference%20Call_Jan_24_2025.pdf  
 
The above is submitted for your kind information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
 
Krishna Kant Chaturvedi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encls.: a/a 
 
KRISHNA 
KANT 
CHATURVEDI
Digitally signed by 
KRISHNA KANT 
CHATURVEDI 
Date: 2025.01.30 
09:51:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on January 24, 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. BASKAR BABU RAMACHANDRAN – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE  
 
MR. HEMANT SHAH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 
MR. KANISHKA CHAUDHARY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. HIMADRI DAS – INVESTOR RELATIONS, HEAD  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIT JAIN – ARIHANT CAPITAL MARKETS 
LIMITED  
 
 
 
 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
January 24th, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Suryoday Small Finance Bank 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Arihant Capital Markets Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Jain from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Harshit Jain. 
Harshit Jain: 
Thank you. Hello. Good morning, everyone. Welcome you to Suryoday Small Finance 
Bank Q3 and 9M FY25 Earnings Con Call. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited, 
I would like to thank the management of Suryoday for giving us this opportunity to 
host this call. 
 
Today, we have with us the entire top management team of Suryoday Small Finance 
Bank, represented by Mr. Baskar Babu Ramachandran, MD and CEO. Mr. Hemant 
Shah, Executive Director; Mr. Kanishka Chaudhary, CFO; and Mr. Himadri Das, IR 
Head. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Baskar Babu for his opening remarks. And 
then we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you sir. 
Baskar Babu: 
Thank you, Harshit. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank's Q3 and 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call. We 
appreciate your time and interest today. I, along with my team, wish everyone a very 
Happy New Year. I hope you have had a chance to review our financial results and the 
investor presentation, both of which are available on our website and on the stock 
exchanges. 
 
The quarter has been marked by slower consumer demand, moderation in the growth 
of unsecured loans and continued challenges to growth in deposit with December 
quarter witnessing one of the slowest growth in deposits at the sector level. 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
RBI brought down the cash reserve ratio to aid liquidity. Loan growth continued to be 
higher than the deposit growth. There is an expectation that there is a rate cut in the 
near future that will support the growth of loan books for the banks next year. The 
microfinance sector guided by its SRO, MFIN has initiated systemic changes to 
address concern about elevated stress in the sector. It has come out with revised 
credit, Guardrails 2.0, expected to go live in April 2025. That is expected to address 
the concerns about overleverage, resulting in moderate growth, but leading to a 
more sustainable microfinance sector. 
 
On our bank's update, our deposit franchise continued to grow at the expected pace 
with year-on-year growth of about 50% and QoQ growth of about 10%. This is 
primarily on account of sourcing of deposits through digital channel, which is now 
garnering approximately INR 2.5 Cr of deposits per day. Our focus has always been to 
build a retail granular deposit franchise and the retail products, including CASA stood 
at 81% as of December 2024. Our CASA ratio as of December has improved from 
17.9% in the previous quarter to 19.5% as of December end. 
 
On the Advances front, the Wheel business leads the growth in the retail asset 
segment with about 80% year-on-year growth and 14% on a QoQ basis. With less than 
1% GNPA, the portfolio has demonstrated resilient asset quality. The mortgage 
business has also grown about 43% YoY and 8% on a QoQ basis. In the Inclusive 
Finance segment, given the market scenario, we have been cautious and have 
moderated the disbursements during the quarter. As we have stated in the past, in 
the areas that we operate, we have seen a behavioral shift in the group lending with 
most customers preferring to deal with the lender individually, which led the bank to 
start the Vikas loans that are individual loans for the graduating group loan 
customers.  
                                                We continue to cover our eligible portfolio under the CGFMU scheme to mitigate risk. 
This coverage was taken as part of prudent risk management practices. We are 
focused on improving the key metrics in our inclusive finance business with specific 
focus on collections and the current trends are encouraging.  
                                                We are confident of delivering our revised guidance in the current quarter. We, as an 
institution, believe in digital innovation to cater to the changing needs of our 
customers. As a consequence, we have launched Dhanashree, our MSME product, 
which is completely digital, primarily to cater to our inclusive finance customer 
segment and other small business segments. We also launched the Double Joy 
Deposits, which is a long-term guaranteed return deposit program during the quarter. 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Let me now provide an overview of Suryoday's performance for Q3 and 9M FY25. Our 
gross advances stood at INR 9,563 Cr, which is a YoY increase of 25.8% compared to 
INR7,600 Cr. The disbursements were at INR 4,888 Cr, up 6.7% from INR 4,580 Cr in 
the corresponding period last year. Disbursements remained strong across all 
segments, particularly in the wheels and mortgages. Notably, the wheels and 
mortgage business disbursements reached INR 1,300 Cr, an increase of approximately 
40% from INR 931 Cr. 
 
Our deposit base has also expanded and stood at INR 9,708 Cr, which is 49.7% 
increase from INR 6,483 Cr. The share of retail deposits now stands at 81.2% as of 
December 2024 compared to 82.5% a year earlier. Also, our CASA has improved to 
19.5%, up from 18.5% YoY. Our current bucket collection efficiency with one EMI 
capped stood at 97.9%. Our gross NPA currently stands at 5.5% as of December 2024. 
The net NPA is at 3.1%. 
 
The GNPA of 2.6% and NNPA of less than 0.1% is adjusted for expected CGFMU claim 
to be made in FY26. Now let's move on to our financial performance. Our total income 
increased by 20.4% YoY, rising from INR 846.1 Cr to INR 1,018.6 Cr. Our net interest 
income or NII increased by 24.6%, moving from INR 691.5 Cr to INR 861.5 Cr. The pre-
provision operating profit increased by 5.2% from INR 325.6 Cr to INR 342.6 Cr on a 
YoY basis. 
 
Our cost of funds currently stand at 7.7%, up from 7.3% in the corresponding period. 
The cost-to-income ratio was 66.4%, slightly higher than 61.5%. Profit after tax 
decreased by 41% YoY from INR 155.1 Cr to INR 148.7 Cr. We continue to maintain a 
healthy capital position with a capital adequacy ratio of 26.9% with Tier 1 capital at 
25.3% and Tier 2 capital at 1.6%, well above the regulatory requirement of 15%. Our 
customer base has grown to around 3.3 million as of December 2024 compared to 
around 2.6 million in December 2023, marking a 26% increase. 
 
On the deposit front, we have invested in digital banking infrastructure, which helps 
us to source digital deposits through various platforms. We continue to focus on 
widening our reach by adding new branches each year. Our Smart Banking Outlets 
are present in certain micro markets. These SBOs are customer touch points, which 
offer all banking services but have a focused target segment within 2-kilometer areas. 
 
Developments in the product portfolio, we launched Double Joy Deposits, where the 
investment is for 11 years and receive double the amount for the same duration 
thereafter. Also, our new launch of MSME loans under Dhanashree brand offers 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
unsecured business loans using our in-house business rule engines with sanctions 
granted in minutes and sourced directly by our teams. We remain committed to 
deliver better performance across all business performance parameters. I now hand 
it over to the moderator to begin the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Abhay Kulkarni from 
Candour Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Abhay Kulkarni: 
I have a couple of questions. So our thesis was that the individual book will do better 
than the JLG, but that doesn't seem to be happening. Could you just throw some color 
on that? 
Baskar Babu: 
There is a substantial gap in terms of the performance of group loans much better 
than it was a JLG. While it has also kind of deteriorated on a comparative basis, still 
the performance is much better than the JLG. Including on the recovery front, even 
once the slippage happens, the ability to reach out to the customer one-on-one and 
collect remains high. While the delinquency went up, the focus in terms of individual 
customers one-on-one has marginally diminished, which we are now putting a 
collection force specifically for Vikas loan customers. We do think that continue -- will 
continue to be performed much better than JLG, adjusted for aberrations, which has 
happened in the last quarter. 
Abhay Kulkarni: 
Okay. Sir, our guidance for last quarter and our performance this quarter, there is a 
significant gap. So how is the DPD 30 book, I mean, PAR 30 to 90 shaping up this 
quarter? What can we expect for the next quarter? What went wrong in our estimates 
last time? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. I think one of the challenges for us this quarter has been the collection efficiency 
on the current bucket, which, as we stated a bit while earlier, is at around 97.6%, 
97.7%. Our efforts, as a bank, are primarily focused on improving the same. And idle 
scenario for us would be able to achieve 98.5% for Q4 and that will really determine 
how much we are able to improve on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Abhay Kulkarni: 
Sir, is there any direct or indirect indication or pressure or nudge from RBI or the 
Ministry of Finance to reduce interest rates in group lending or individual lending? 
Baskar Babu: 
See, there has not been any direct pressure, so to say, but I think the indications are 
pretty clear that the interest rates have to be reasonable, covering our costs and 
credit losses cannot be passed on in a way of increased pricing to the low-income 
households. So we have not increased the rate, even in spite of increase of 2.5% 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
increase in the overall scenario. we also brought down our individual loans rates, 
which are operating around 28% to 26% a couple of months back, maybe around 4, 5 
months back on our own with the indications being clear of 1st of August 2024. Now 
it's kind of as we speak, is approximately 6 months now. Currently, we do believe that 
we'll continue to the pricing at which we are operating at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Just some sense in terms of collection efficiency and asset quality because in spite of 
higher slippages this time around, we still continue to have very high numbers in 
terms of Stage 2 assets. So any color on that, sir? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. So Shailesh, I think, what we are working on as a team are essentially on 2 pillars. 
So one is the current bucket collection efficiency and improving the same, like I had 
said a while ago. The other is to be able to improve our efficiency on the 1 to 30 
bucket, where we have seen a bit of a deterioration in our collection efficiencies. 
 
Our work on these 2 buckets will essentially decide how we end the year and move 
on to the next quarter for the new financial year. So as a team, these are the 2 buckets 
that we are primarily focusing on. 
Himadri Das: 
Just to add Shailesh, our core markets, we continue to improve. So Maharashtra, 
Tamil Nadu are predominately our core market. Across the states, we continue to 
improve, except for Karnataka, again, pockets of Karnataka. So overall Karnataka is 
12% of our portfolio, the pockets of Karnataka is about 7% of our portfolio, where we 
see a stress and it is not improving as we expected. Otherwise, all the other states 
across the country, including UP continues to improve. UP is the most stressed place 
where the Eastern UP, Kushinagar, Ballia, Kanpur, Gorakhpur is all relatively stressed 
for us and also, we see the same data in the market. So we have we have 
implemented Guardrails 2.0 already from end of November. We have started 
focusing more on the new-to-bank Vikas loan loans besides our existing customer 
individual loans. So that should compensate for the growth factor as well as focus the 
focused individualized collections. And also we will continue to put our efforts on 1 
to 30 bucket, like what sir mentioned. 
Baskar Babu: 
Shailesh, what I think the good news is that at least the current bucket is inching up 
in terms of collections, likely that we are targeting closer to around 98% and crossing 
over probably closer to 98.5% in January and subsequently improved at least a couple 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
of basis points on a month-on-month basis. That is certainly kind of stress in terms of 
that it’s not moving up to 99%, which we expected. But I think 1 to 30 is where usually 
the collection effort goes in terms of 90-plus or 61% to 90%, but the slippages of 2.5% 
into 1 to 30 bucket, which is approximately around 30,000 customers for us, we 
wanted to put a much larger force in terms of containing that because the slippage 
once it happens to 1 to 30 generally keeps flowing because of lack of intense focus as 
it is in the current bucket or in the 90-plus. This 30,000 customers, we will probably 
put an additional around 400 to 500 collection force, apart from the executive who 
source continuing to collect it in terms of 1 to 30. We're able to manage it, which 
we're reasonably confident because the stress as such has kind of peaked out. We 
are not seeing any more in every day except for North Karnataka, which suddenly is 
showing signs of increased stress in the last couple of months. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir, just a follow-up on that because we have been hearing that the collection 
efficiency has improved. But if I see the PAR numbers for Inclusive Finance, obviously, 
on quarter-on-quarter, there is a huge jump from 3.5% to it has gone to 4.6%. So can 
we see a moderation in the fourth quarter, if what you are saying continues for the 
remaining part of the quarter? Is that a fair assumption? 
Baskar Babu: 
Yes, it will be. How much will it be is not something which we are kind of unable to 
have a clear visibility. But what is clear is that there is an improvement. We would 
obviously like to see a sizable improvement, but there is an improvement compared 
to Q3, but Q4 is not likely to be substantially better in terms of overall numbers, but 
the slippages, the percentage will come down compared to Q3. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. And sir, second part of my question is that we have written in our presentation 
deck as well that we have kind of implemented Guardrails 2.0 in the third quarter 
itself. So does that include the 3 lender cap as well? And where do we stand in terms 
of a portfolio or number of customers having more than 3 or more than 4? 
Himdari Das: 
So we implemented 3 lender cap from December and the new-to-bank business, we 
have taken a drop. So it continues to hover around 20% of the portfolio in terms of 
number of customers and value-wise, it will be closer to 20%. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So just to clarify, you're talking about we have kind of implemented the 3 lender cap 
from 1st Jan, right? 1st Jan, that is fourth quarter. And we have around 20% falling 
under that bucket 3 plus? 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Baskar Babu: 
We have implemented it from 1st of December, it is around 2nd month running. The 
3 lender cap as well as the overall portfolio of our own capping at INR 2 lakh. As you 
mentioned, 20% of our portfolio on an overall basis is with the 4 lenders at this point 
of time. But, however, quite a bit of that, obviously, minus the NPA slippages 
happened, so it will be closer to around 17% in terms of the current mix. But however, 
our pre-approved list contains around 6 lakh customers. The focus for Q4 is more in 
terms of existing pre-approved customers and that around 80% of that qualifies. We 
have a base of around 6 lakh pre-approved as of now, which includes both customers, 
who have a live relationship with us as well as customers who have paid and kind of 
moved on. But excellent in the market in terms of repayment and very good results, 
obviously, with 0 delinquency when they exited. 
 
So the quarter 4 is more in terms of focusing on this base. So hence, the business 
impact will not be as high. But the fact is that we'll have to start sourcing new 
customer and that we are going through the route of new-to-bank Vikas loan directly. 
Earlier, the Vikas loan customers are only graduating from the JLG pool. But however, 
the reduction in the center size, it was better for us to really focus in terms of new-
to-bank VL. We have started that in the smaller scale now, but the intent is to grow 
the new-to-bank customers also through the Vikas loan route rather than through the 
JLG route. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. Sir, 2 more questions from my side. One is on the LDR front. We have seen a 
sharp jump in terms of deposits vis-a-vis advances growth this time around, at least 
on a sequential basis. So what is our strategy in terms of, what is the number we are 
targeting in terms of LDR by the year-end and going ahead for FY26 as well, if you can 
give some guidance in terms of growth return profile, anything that would be helpful? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So for deposits, on an overall basis, our growth has been 50% on a YoY basis and 10% 
on a QoQ and I think our growth strategy, like reiterated before, continues to be the 
same, which is to focus on granular. I think what has helped us a little bit in the last 
few months is that our partnership programs on the digital side have finally kicked in 
and they are delivering new deposits. Like Baskar mentioned in his statement, we do 
about INR 2.5 Cr of new deposits every day through the digital channels. So we will 
keep improving and improvising on those so that we do have steady flow of deposits. 
In terms of our branch network, we continue to focus on putting strategic business 
units wherever required to ensure that we are present in the catchment. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So the second question with respect to guidance for FY26, if you can share some 
numbers out there? 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
A little early, I would say, Shailesh. We will have an update for everybody at the time 
of the Q4 discussions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kamal Mulchandani from Investec Capital 
Services. 
Kamal Mulchandani: 
So just following up on the question of the previous participant. I understand that the 
4-lender customers form 20% of your portfolio. So sir, does that include Suryoday 
plus 4 or total 4? Just wanted to first clarify on that. 
Baskar Babu: 
Suryoday plus 3. 
Kamal Mulchandani: 
Suryoday plus 3. Secondly, sir, what would be the PAR 0 number for the IF portfolio? 
Baskar Babu: 
85. 
Kamal Mulchandani: 
No sir, PAR 0? 
Baskar Babu: 
Yes, 85%. The remaining 15% includes anything from 1 to 180. Plus, one plus. And 
obviously, we haven't written off anything in the Q3. So to the extent, even that 
number is included in the remaining 15%. 
Kamal Mulchandani: 
Okay. Sir, Okay. Understood. And sir, like in the SMA 30, SMS 60 bucket, what are the 
resolution rates which we are facing in these buckets, if you could just guide on that? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So on SMA 30, we are at about 35% to 40% depending on the month. SMA 60 -- 61 to 
90, we are at 45% to 50%. Nearly half of the people are getting involved. So SMA 61 
to 90 is higher than 31 to 60. 
Kamal Mulchandani: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. And sir, if you could just guide us like how are you seeing 
this cycle panning out? We understand that the collection efficiencies have been 
improving month-on-month, but is it fair to assume that the cycle has peaked or there 
is some pain ahead? What are the other factors which are contributing, for example, 
the attrition levels what you are facing and center meeting attendance as well? So 
what are the efforts being done to improve these efforts? And how do you see the 
overall cycle? If you could just help us understand like some on-ground feedback what 
you are experiencing? 
Baskar Babu: 
I think post-COVID, there has been a big drop in terms of center attendance, as we 
moved to Vikas loan individual as the logical step. Customers cannot continue to be 
in the center mode for a period of 7 years and 8 years. And if they borrowed from 3 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
lenders, even assuming that they borrowed from 3, attending 3 meetings depending 
on the minimum, which is what is monthly, but more than that depends on whether 
it's fortnightly has really in our view, has not really been very effective. 
 
How much of our efforts are really being taken to kind of increase the center 
attendance, there has not been any marked-to-market growth in our understanding. 
It continues to be around 70%, 78% in terms of attendance. Our focus was in terms 
of move to individual loans so that you kind of certainly meet the customer as long as 
the minimum, around 60% of the customers pay on their own through both digital, 
means directly through our bank account, remaining around 40%, which is the 
bounce which happens on the date of presentation, it is one-to-one contact. So we 
are not really putting in all efforts to revive back. Our focus itself on JLG is 
substantially diminished and even the new-to-bank customers, we are now acquiring 
through the Vikas Loan Group, which is the direct loan, direct lending to the customer. 
So probably it will really give away, but our take is that individual loan growth even 
to the inclusive finance customers will be on the rise rather than continue to be on 
the JLG center-based lending. 
Kamal Mulchandani: 
Okay. And what are the attrition levels which we are facing? 
Baskar Babu: 
Yes, on a mathematical basis, approximately around 60% to 65% at the field level. But 
however, if you really take the percentage of overall employees in our 5,500 in terms 
of Inclusive Finance, it's around 60% of the employees are more than 1 year. The 
churn happens in terms of the infant, which is people joining and leaving and is 
limited. So mathematically computed, its 60% to 70%, but does not really mean that 
we have a new force every 2 years, saying that if it is 50% attrition, then 100% 
attrition. That is not the way. So around 60% of our force at this point of time, it is 
more than 1 year experience in the bank. 
Kamal Mulchandani: 
Okay. Okay. And like any commentary on your side on the entire improvement in the 
collection efficiency cycle? Like do you think that the stress has peaked out or it would 
take a couple of more quarters? Because like even if we assume that Q4 would be 
strong, again, the Q1 and Q2 could be potentially a weaker quarter in terms of 
disbursement growth and also the new guardrails would be implemented again? So 
in your opinion, do you feel that the stress could further increase in Q1 and Q2 of the 
next year? Or the cycle is mostly peaked out and incremental accretion to the SMA 
buckets would be slower from going forward? What’s your take on that? 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Baskar Babu: 
At an overall level, it is only when we see around closer to 99% collection at the 
industry level, you could really then come to a conclusion that the stress has peaked 
out, which is not what is being seen at the industry level. Some of the individual 
lenders are kind of seeing a collection efficiency of 98.5% and 99%. But what we 
understand at the overall industry level, it's still at 98% and a little more than that. 
 
Once that movement happens to 99% that would be the signal in our limited view 
that there is a peaking of the stress. Otherwise, even after the deterioration has 
happened, even today, the collection efficiency is not anywhere closer to 99% at the 
industry level. The good news is that at least it is from April onwards, when there is a 
deterioration by a couple of basis points month-on-month, that trend has got 
arrested at the industry level, which means October was better than September and 
the November will be little bit of a dip. December was a little better. January, as we 
really speak across people are seeing a stabilization. So I think the pain if you were to 
extend this collection efficiency into the peaking of the stress, it's kind of going to last 
at least for 2 quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, just given on the commentary that you mentioned, I mean, stress kind of has 
reduced and even we are seeing a trend of stabilization. So will it be safe to say that 
Q3 would be our bottom performance? And from here quarter-on-quarter, we should 
see improvement in our performance overall at a company level? 
Baskar Babu: 
Q4 will continue to be stressful. It's not -- whatever has flown in, the collection 
challenges will continue. The stabilization of any quarter, which is what we're seeing 
in Q4, will reflect in a substantially better performance in Q1 onwards. Also, there is 
a moderation, which is happening at the industry level, which means that high stress 
customers are not getting funded. The problem with that funding is not just the 
deterioration of the quality or the performance of the individual, but any 
overleveraged customer then has a spill over effect in terms of the center and 
sometimes in terms of the entire micro locality. So that moderation combined with 
the guardrails, which will kick in from the 1st of April for the entire industry, likely 
that we will see a Q1 which will be better than Q4, but Q4 may not be very 
substantially different from Q3. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. So Q4 would be similar to what we have achieved or what we have shown in 
Q3, and from first quarter onwards, we expect better performance, right? 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So in terms of slippages, we may see a slight improvement but that does not 
necessarily mean that that it will have a similar impact on the results in terms of the 
credit costs, right. So we will continue because we will have a little bit of deterioration 
and increase in the NPA, which means a slight reduction in core income as well. So 
our main focus right now is to be able to ensure that our slippages for Q4 are lower 
than what we have seen in Q3. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. And something on the credit cost, I mean, in the 9 months, 
I think our provision stands at around INR 152 Cr. So for this entire year, what is the 
range of credit cost we are looking at? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So I would say that we are looking at somewhere around 1.5%, 1.6% in terms of credit 
costs on a balance sheet basis for the full year. 
Deepak Poddar: 
1.5%, 1.6% on annual basis? So that effectively means our fourth quarter credit cost 
would be much lower as compared to what we have seen in third quarter, right? 
Baskar Babu: 
1.5% K.C. is talking about is at the balance sheet level. So can just make it into loan... 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. So if you look on a nominal basis, we will be somewhere around INR 250-odd Cr 
on a full year basis. 
Deepak Poddar: 
No, it's INR 200 Cr or INR 250 Cr? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So INR 220 Cr to INR 250 Cr is the range that we have in mind for a full year. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Okay. And just lastly, on the secured book, I mean, what is the percentage of 
secured book we have in our loan book? And what's the thought process? I mean, 
over the next 2, 3 years, how we would like to trend it? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So our focus continues to be growing the secured book at a faster clip, and that has 
been the case in the first 3 quarters as well. If you look at our share of secured loan 
book, it is around 46% and that percentage will continue to improve. We are trying 
to achieve about 48% of secured book by the end of the financial year. 
Deepak Poddar: 
How much percent? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
48%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
48%? And in -- over next 2 years? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
No. By the end of the financial year, we would like to have a 48% secured book. 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Deepak Poddar: 
By FY25 end, right? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Correct. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And over the next 2 years, what would be our thought process there? 
Baskar Babu: 
We are comfortable with around 50-50 for the reason that our entire portfolio of IF 
is covered by CGS only, and we'll see a marked improvement. The intent is to really 
take it by a couple of percentage points year-on-year basis. So we are likely to have a 
50-50 or a little better on the secured front by end of FY26. So if you have to take it 
from a 2-year point of view, I think it will be around 7 to 8%. Probably the tilt will be 
55% secured and probably 45% unsecured, so to say. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashlesh Sonje from Kotak Securities. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Sir, firstly, can you talk about the collection efficiency across different regions? Where 
is it best and where is it worst? You also mentioned that stress has increased in the 
last 2 months in Northern Karnataka so what exactly is the cause of the issue here 
and what are you doing to resolve it? 
Baskar Babu: 
Overall, I think across, except for Karnataka, where we have around 10% of our 
portfolio and probably around East in UP, where overall UP exposure for us is around 
approximately 5%. So even within Karnataka, the stress is showing up on the 
Northern Karnataka. But there are a mix of factors. I think as MFIN and Sa-Dhan are 
pointing out, it is a presence of large number of unregulated lenders, which is creating 
stress which is spilling over to the regulated lenders and there has been intervention 
guidance from various authorities, including local authorities. And the collection 
efficiency has dropped quite a bit to around 95.5% as far as KA1, which is Northern 
Karnataka. The rest of the places Chhattisgarh, which is a very, very small state for us, 
is around 96%. I'm talking about the December figures. The rest of it is all in the same 
average of around 97.7% to 98%. And the best of efficiency at this point of time is 
coming from Maharashtra as well as in terms of Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Okay, sure. Secondly, can you quantify the microfinance slippages for this quarter and 
the previous one, please? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So out of the total INR 270 Cr that we have had for the bank as a whole, around INR 
240 Cr will be for microfinance in this particular quarter. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
And can you share the number for the previous quarter as well? 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So for the previous quarter on an overall basis, I think we did around INR 170 Cr of 
slippages at the bank level, of which around INR 150-odd Cr would have been for 
microfinance. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Okay. I think the total was about INR 129 Cr, if I'm not wrong for the previous quarter? 
Okay. If you can come back on the number later... 
Baskar Babu: 
It was INR 273 Cr till last quarter this one. GNPA added was around INR 270 Cr. There 
has been more write-off. So it is a gross slippages across. No ARC sale, no write-off. 
So INR 270 Cr is the entire thing as it stood up. So currently, we are at around INR 528 
Cr in terms of GNPA at an overall basis. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Yes, perfect. Sir, and lastly, if I look at Slide number 23, you have given the PAR 30 
plus across MFI, non-MFI and overall. If I look at the 31 to 90 number specifically, that 
is shown as 4.6% for MFI and 5.4% for non-MFI. So I would expect overall the bank-
wide number to be between 4.6% and 5.4%, but it seems to be at 4.1%. Is there any 
mistake in the thought process here? I'm looking at 31 to 90, the orange bars, for 
December. 
Himadri Das: 
It doesn't include retail asset, doesn't include some of the assets like FIG and some of 
the assets like partnership lending. So that is why there is a difference. So this retail 
asset is purely mortgages, CVs and micro home loans and IF is JLG and Vikas loans. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhay Kulkarni from Candour Asset 
Management. 
Abhay Kulkarni: 
Sir, how is our secured book shaping up? Are we seeing any signs of stress there? 
Baskar Babu: 
No. Wheels as of now, continues to be a sub 1% GNPA, without any write-offs, 
without any ARC sales. So we expect that it will continue to grow substantially at less 
than 1% GNPA in the foreseeable few quarters for sure. 
Abhay Kulkarni: 
I think LAPs and affordable housing has more than 3% of gross NPA, right? 
Baskar Babu: 
Yes, it is. It is. So the resolutions are expected. Of course, this is without any of the 
resolutions which has happened. The good thing about LAP is that even if it spills over 
into 90-plus, it is secured by underlying strong asset. So in Q4, we are expecting to 
see some resolutions, and we have strengthened our legal collections, so which will 
kind of ensure that at least closer to the net slippages overall may not really be higher 
than the recoveries. 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Abhay Kulkarni: 
Okay. And sir, CGFMU claim we will make sometime in June '25. Is that correct? And 
it will depend on what is our gross NPA in March '25? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So technically, we now have 3 live cohorts under the CGFMU program. So for the 
coming financial year, we can actually make 2 claims, right? So one for the '22-'23 
cohort and then for the '23-'24. So we are yet to decide the manner in which the 
claims will be made by us. The intention will obviously be to ensure that the maximum 
amount of eligible claims are made by us during the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital. 
Anant Mundra: 
Sir, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, our gross NPA, net NPA, slippages, even the PAR 
book has gone up. However, our credit cost for this quarter is lower than Q2. So I'm 
just not able to understand how the credit cost has been lower this quarter? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. So like we have indicated, so for the portfolio, which is covered under the CGFMU 
program, which is a little about INR 380 Cr out of the INR 530 Cr, we were thus far 
maintaining about 50% of loan loss provisions. However, as allowed by the provisions 
of RBI circular, we are not maintaining provisions on the guaranteed portion, which 
means that our effective provision being carried from here on is around 27%. So we 
have had a onetime release to the extent of INR 102 Cr in this particular quarter.  
Anant Mundra: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, are the premiums that are payable for this guarantee, are they 
dynamic in nature? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
No. So they get decided at the start of the year, which is known as the base here and 
the premium is 1% on the crystallized portfolio. That is a portfolio that we intend to 
ensure for the entire year and additionally, we also pay a premium on a prorated basis 
on the new business in the course of the year. . 
Anant Mundra: 
Okay. So when would the premiums get finalized for next year? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
That will be at the end of March '25. 
Anant Mundra: 
At the end of March '25? All right. All right. So I'm guessing that -- I mean, is that like 
a bilateral negotiation or there is some formula which is used 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
No. No, there's no negotiation involved. It's for us as a bank to decide how much of 
the portfolio we intend to ensure. Also, like we have said previously as well, right 
now, 98% of our portfolio is insured, we ensure all our new business -- unsecured 
business under the program, and we shall continue to do so. 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Anant Mundra: 
But the pricing would be 1% only? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Pricing will be 1%. 
Anant Mundra: 
So that has been finalized even for next year? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
No, that's the program parameter, and it stays fixed for the first 3 years of the 
program. 
Management: 
For one complete cycle, the premium continues to remain 1% plus the GST 
component, obviously and apart from that, it will after that, depending upon the 
payout claim payout and otherwise, it will be decided. The grid is already something 
which has been provided as part of the notification. The range, depending upon the 
payout, will vary from either 1% to a maximum of 1.25% as it stands as of now. 
Anant Mundra: 
Got it. Got it, sir. And sir, one final question, in the secured portfolio, all the LAP, micro 
LAP products that we have, are they all surface-eye enforceable? 
Baskar Babu: 
Yes. Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swaroop, an individual investor. 
Swaroop: 
Sir, my first question is, despite being covered for 95% of the book for quite some 
time like past 2, 3 quarters, last in Q2, we have written-off around INR 82 Cr sir. Also, 
in Slide number 15 of this quarter, we have highlighted that IF portfolio, INR 440 Cr is 
the total GNPA, of the INR 380 Cr is eligible under CGFMU? Like why is INR 60 Cr gap 
still being there now? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. The balance is essentially loans which are covered under the previous ECLGS 
program. So they are not part of the CGFMU program cover. 
Swaroop: 
Then what about like earlier quarter write-offs sir, INR 82 Cr write-off, but this was 
being like covered for 95% of the book, right sir? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. So write-offs are also covered under the program, and these are technical write-
offs only. So we will be able to make a claim in respect of these under the CGFMU 
program as well. 
Swaroop: 
Sir but then the INR 380 Cr should increase, right sir? Although if you not mention 
also, it has to increase right sir, even though if you do technical write-off? 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
No. So the INR 380 Cr is what we have on book right now. So that doesn't include the 
write-offs. The technical write-offs, which are eligible for the claim under the program 
will be over and above the INR 382 Cr. 
Swaroop: 
But the guideline states that for being eligible to claim, it has to be GNPA for a period 
of 6 months. So even if we want to make a claim in Q2 FY26, so out of this like GNPA 
of INR 440 Cr is completely eligible for claim. Apart from this, the technical write-offs 
also should be eligible for claim, right, sir? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes, absolutely. So the technical write-offs will be eligible for claim as well. 
Swaroop: 
Sir, then my question is, it should be far bit higher number, right, sir, if we consider 
the technical write-off and along with the current GNPA number? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. So currently, what we have shown in the investor deck is basically the on-book 
portion of the NPAs, which are covered under the program. They don't include the 
technical write-offs, which are otherwise covered under the program. 
Himadri Das: 
Swaroop, you are seeing a GNPA of INR 440 Cr, right? INR 440 Cr minus INR 60 Cr, 
which is not eligible for claim. So INR 440 Cr minus INR 60 Cr is INR 380 Cr is as of 
now. So I cannot predict next quarter GNPA, right? So today, as of December, if I have 
to claim today, which is not allowed, which is allowed only after 6 months. So as of 
today, if I have to claim, so if I can only claim INR 440 Cr minus INR 60 Cr, which is INR 
380 Cr against which I will receive an amount of INR 280 Cr. So INR 380 Cr, I can claim 
as of today's GNPA. INR 60 Cr, I cannot claim. INR 60 Cr include an ECLGS part and an 
older part, very small older part, which is not covered under CGFMU. 
Swaroop: 
I understand, sir. But earlier for the past 5, 6 quarters, we have a written-off of close 
to INR 250 Cr plus sir. So that also should be technically included, right sir? 
Himadri Das: 
Out of whatever we have written off, out of which only INR 50 Cr were such written 
off, which is in CGFMU scheme. Whatever we have written-off in last 3, 4 quarters, 
those are not under CGFMU scheme. So that is why we had written-off and out of the 
entire written-off category for last 3, 4 quarters, only INR 50 Cr, I understand, is under 
CGFMU scheme, which K.C. was mentioning, is eligible to claim, which we have not 
included here, which is over and above this thing. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

Internal 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Baskar Babu: 
Thank you very much. Thanks for taking time and participating in our call. We look 
forward to kind of delivering the guidance, which we have given for the overall year, 
and we put in our best efforts to deliver the same. Thank you very much for your 
support. Good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
