JNK India Limited 
(Formerly known as JNK India Private Limited) 
CIN: L29268MH2010PLC204223 
 
203 to 206, Centrum, Plot No. C-3, S.G. Barve Road, Wagle Estate,  
Thane (W) – 400604, Maharashtra, INDIA Tel : 91-22-68858000 
Email: admin@jnkindia.com Website: www.jnkindia.com 
 
Date: February 21, 2025 
To,  
BSE Limited, 
The General Manager,  
Department of Listing Operations,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
The Manager, Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip code: 544167 
Security Symbol: JNKINDIA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Q3FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of Q3FY25 Earnings 
Call held on Tuesday, February 18, 2025 at 02:30 PM 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at https://www.jnkindia.com/  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For JNK India Limited 
 
 
Ashish Soni 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
ASHISH 
SONI
Digitally signed by ASHISH SONI 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=453112, st=MADHYA PRADESH, 
street=INDORE, l=INDORE, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=76c0b376b95bf18eb0da0eb51352550665579552
32a56e249423560a352ab108, 
pseudonym=a5ed0b22c06b4d00a9727578d9c42b8d, 
2.5.4.20=c13a2c1487777c133da3ddc4b1a01fcd85e87cfb91b67
b0ec7f5229750b747d0, email=CSASHISHSONI@GMAIL.COM, 
cn=ASHISH SONI 
Date: 2025.02.21 19:17:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“JNK India Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARVIND KAMATH- CHAIRPERSON AND WHOLE-
TIME DIRECTOR  
 
MR. PRAVIN SATHE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MS. ANNIE VARGHESE – SENIOR MANAGER, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the JNK India Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by IIFL Capital. As a reminder, all participant line will be in listen only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Akshit Gangwal from IIFL Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Akshit Gangwal: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of IIFL Capital, I welcome everyone to 
JNK India's Q3 FY25 Earnings Call. We have with us today, Mr. Arvind Kamath, Chairperson 
and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Pravin Sathe, Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Annie Varghese, 
Senior Manager, Investor Relations. 
 
Without further delay, I will now hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks, which will be followed by Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Arvind Kamath: 
Thank you, Akshit. This is Arvind Kamath here. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to 
JNK India Q3 FY25 Earnings Call. I sincerely appreciate your time and continued interest in 
our company. 
 
The third quarter of FY25 was centred around project execution with several key assignments 
reaching their almost final phases as -- although revenue recognition was lower during this stage 
due to milestone-based billing, while fixed costs remain high, impacting our margins. While the 
quarter did not see major order inflows, our commitment to efficient execution remains strong. 
 
For the 9M period of FY25, total revenue was INR 295.1 crores, reflecting almost a 16% year-
on-year growth. As of December 31, 2024, the order book was INR 1,226 crores, providing a 
strong revenue visibility and reinforcing our execution pipeline going ahead. 
 
Entering Q4 FY25, the momentum has picked up with a significant order secured in January 
2025 from JNK Global Company Limited Korea. This contract for the Pengerang biorefinery 
project in Malaysia includes a residual engineering, procurement, fabrication and supply of 
critical fire heaters along with assistance in erection, commissioning and performance testing. 
 
This order represents another step in strengthening our global presence and demonstrates our 
ability to win high-value international projects and this will be the first order for JNK India to 
Malaysia. 
 
Financial strength was further reinforced with an upgrade in our credit rating by CRISIL in 
January 2025. The long-term rating improved to A- from the earlier BBB+, while the short-term 
rating has been upgraded to CRISIL A2+ from CRISIL A2. This enhancement reflects the 
company's sound financial discipline, operational efficiency and ability to scale effectively. 
 
Looking ahead, our confidence remains high in trying to achieve a significant revenue for the 
fourth quarter of FY25. Supported by a strong order book, strategic diversification and a focus 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
on operational excellence, the company remains committed to executing ongoing projects 
efficiently, expanding into new markets and delivering long-term value for all stakeholders. 
 
I will now hand over to our CFO, Mr. Pravin Sathe, to provide a detailed financial overview. 
Thank you. 
Pravin Sathe: 
Thank you, Mr. Kamath, and good afternoon, everyone. This is Pravin Sathe, CFO of JNK India 
Limited. I'm pleased to present the financial performance of JNK India for Q3 and 9M FY25. 
 
For the nine months ending December 31, 2024, total revenue increased by 15.6% year-on-year 
to INR 295 crores, supported by steady project execution. Operating profit came in at INR 98.2 
crores with a margin of 33.3%. EBITDA for the period was INR 37.3 crores with a margin of 
12.7%. Profit after tax was INR 17 crores with a margin of 5.8%. 
 
During Q3 FY25, the total revenue reached INR 96.9 crores, reflecting 9.7% sequential decline. 
Operating profit for the quarter was INR 29.3 crores with a margin of 30.2%, while EBITDA 
was INR 9.75 crores, with a margin of 10.1%. Profit after tax was INR 2.8 crores with a margin 
of 2.9%. 
 
This quarter primarily focused on project execution with several projects in the final stages 
where fixed costs remain the same, but revenue realization was lower, which has impacted 
margins. As a result, EBITDA margins were moderated due to the cost absorption along with 
higher employee benefit expenses, which includes ESOP-related costs. 
 
However, it is important to note that ESOP-related costs will conclude by the end of FY25, 
providing a clearer margin outlook going forward. Heating equipment continues to dominate our 
order book at 82% with waste gas handling systems and process plants contributing the rest. 
Geographically, 92% of our orders remain domestic, while international markets account for 8% 
of the order book. 
 
While Q3 was largely an execution-focused quarter, we remain confident about achieving the 
targets for FY25. Our pipeline remains strong, and we expect the execution momentum to pick 
up in the coming quarters. Looking ahead, JNK India is well positioned to capitalize on industry 
growth and we remain committed to delivering value to our stakeholders. 
 
In closing, I would like to thank you all for your time and continued support to JNK India. We 
now welcome any questions if you may have. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My first question is, of course, you did mention about that Q4 should be a better quarter, but I 
would like to dwell on that more. How do you think about the execution in Q4? I think you had 
mentioned that you can still execute the entire opening order book of FY24, which was roughly 
around INR 6 billion for the full fiscal. Are we still maintaining that? 
Pravin Sathe: 
Our opening order book was INR 620 crores. And in the last earnings call, we did mention that 
our endeavor is to execute the complete order book in this financial year. Now certain projects 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
have got delayed due to various reasons, which are not under the control of JNK India. So we 
might suffer a reduction in the target by, say, 10%. And moreover, the projects are of PSUs and 
there are export orders also. So roughly 10% reduction expected in the target that we had placed 
before us for this fiscal. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. That's very helpful. My second question is with EBITDA margin of 17% and 
21% in the last two fiscal and -- do you think, given whatever we are expected to execute in Q4, 
we can achieve good margins in FY25 before ESOP expenses. And what were the ESOP expense 
for the 9 months? 
Pravin Sathe: 
Yes. If you see the EBITDA margin for the 9 months before ESOP expenses was around 15.21%. 
And after ESOP, it was 12.7%. And that ESOP cost would go away in March '25. So far as the 
comparison with the previous year is concerned, definitely, the margins were 2, 3 points higher 
than what general guidance that we had given initially of 17% to 18%. 
 
This year, due to various reasons, due to increased cost -- increased direct cost also and increase 
in number of employees, post listing effect of the ESOP results, we see that the guidance would 
come down by 3 to 4 points. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. Sir, we had a very good Q1 in terms of order inflow, I think it was a superlative 
quarter. But after that, Q2 was -- like Q2 still had a decent order, but Q3 has seen hardly any 
order. How do you think in this context about the Q4 and next 12 months? How is the pipeline 
and prospect looking at -- looking like? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes. Mohit, the pipeline looks actually very good, including India and exports, as we started off. 
Yes, quarter-to-quarter finalization varies considering the size and the quantum of the projects 
which we bid. So it is generally not uniform as we told last year as well. So it could come in one 
of the quarters significantly and some quarters, it could be a bit slow. But yes, this quarter also, 
there is at least a finalization of two important opportunities. 
 
And going ahead for 6 months also, the pipeline in terms of the order inflows or the order 
pipeline is very healthy I must say because you also might be aware there are also significant 
projects announced in India as well in terms of the petrochemical opportunities, including BPCL 
Bina, IOCL Paradeep, Petronet LNG, in all of these projects, we have already received the 
inquiries and some of the projects we already submitted the offers and some, the inquiries are 
received, and we are in the process of submitting the firm proposals. 
Mohit Kumar: 
If I can ask again, sir, do you think a lot of these opportunities will materialize in CY25  in terms 
of finalization of orders? Not for you, for the industry in general, do you see the finalization of 
orders happening for the industry so that we can benefit? That's the question. Or do you think 
there could be some delay? 
Arvind Kamath: 
FY25? 
Mohit Kumar: 
No, no, sir. I'll just rephrase, sir. Given that you just spoke about so many opportunities, in your 
opinion, a lot of these orders will finalize, get finalized in CY25 or we can see any delayed 
financial order, which means that CY25 could also be a weak year? That's what I'm asking, yes. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes. I mean actually, even last year, we were in a similar situation. So there are about 2 to 3 
proposals, which the price bid could be opened any time and the order finalization could take 
place either in this quarter or it could happen in the first quarter of FY26. It becomes a bit difficult 
for us to exactly ahead of plan, yes.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Nidhi Shah: 
So was there like an ordering stop in the industry in this quarter? Is that the reason why we did 
not see any orders coming this quarter or is it the finalization is getting delayed? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes. I mean, the finalization has been delayed, and we actually didn't lose any significant order 
in the last quarter, Nidhi, if that was your question, I mean if I got it correctly. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Yes. Also, I would really like to know what are the opportunities for JNK Global. Can you throw 
some color on how these opportunities will impact Global and then probably could transfer over 
to us? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes. I mean, as I said, the opportunity pipeline is quite large. Like as I just said, we received the 
first opportunity for Malaysia. So same way, we have a big pipeline for many countries including 
U.S.A., Algeria and also in Middle East, other than India. And in India, there are projects, which 
are already announced, which we have received the inquiries as well, yes, which I already 
mentioned in the earlier message, yes. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Lastly, just if you could call out the value for the ESOPs that has been there for 9 months and 
what are we expecting for the entire year in rupee amount? 
Pravin Sathe: 
We are unable to hear you. 
Moderator: 
Ms. Nidhi, would you please use your handset? Due to no response from the current participant, 
we will move on to the next participant. The next question is from the line of Charanjit Singh 
from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Charanjit Singh: 
So sir, while you've talked about the prospect pipeline is pretty strong, so if you can just quantify 
the prospect pipeline and generally, what is the kind of hit rate which we have seen in terms of 
these order finalizations? That's my first question. 
 
And second is you also talked about certain new businesses, which you are targeting. What are 
these new businesses? And are they included in the prospect pipeline? Or do you think that they 
will be on top of that as we see that overall our prequalifications picking up in the new 
businesses? Those are the two questions, sir. 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, yes, Mr. Singh. So basically, the bid pipeline is around in terms of the value, it is about 
INR 4,000 crores for exports. And it's about INR 4,000 crores for the domestic as well. So that's 
the kind of a bid pipeline we have, which is expected to get finalized in next about, say, 6 to 8 
months or so, that's the -- once we bid, that's the timeline for finalization. 
 
So this is the kind of opportunities we have quoted for and mainly in the product lines of fired 
heaters, reformers, cracking furnaces, flares. And in terms of the new opportunities, not much is 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
included in this pipeline. So the other pipeline for hydrogen plant and also some of the CBG 
units or incinerators, which is a new product line, that pipeline is not so large as of now, but it 
could be to the extent of about INR 200 crores, INR 250 crores. 
 
And our traditional hit rate has been around 20% or so in terms of the orders finalized, 20% to 
30%. So we kind of -- we are quite sure that we will be able to maintain that hit rate going ahead 
as well. 
Charanjit Singh: 
So sir, this 20% hit rate is for the domestic or for the export, how is that different, sir? 
Arvind Kamath: 
It's generally for both put together. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Okay. And sir, you also touched upon that there's a strong pipeline in U.S. market. So what are 
the kind of prospects there and with a lot of emphasis which is going to come on the oil and gas 
space in the U.S. market where JNK generally operates in a big way, how you see that market 
just now maybe going to shape up in the future? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, U.S. is -- yes, as you said, it is a very important market. And we are not really -- even 
including Korea, has not done practically any business in U.S.A. Whatever we received the order 
in Q2 of FY25 was the first order for the U.S. is from for JNK for a fire heater. And now we 
have about two proposals, two large EPC contracting companies for the projects upcoming in 
U.S. 
 
And now more prospects we should be able to see with the new projects coming up further. But 
these two are also good size of projects. And I think they would only finalize in next about 5 to 
6 months. So in the pipeline of the -- what I mentioned, exports, these two projects in the U.S. 
also are included. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Okay. And sir, lastly from my side, in terms of if you can highlight, one, what could be our 
expectation in terms of the growth going forward for the next financial year looking at all these 
prospects getting concluded? And in terms of the margin also, if you can touch upon how we 
should look at the margin going forward in the next financial year? 
Arvind Kamath: 
See, as on now, our order book position is INR 1,220 crores. So at the end of March end, so the 
order book position would definitely be above INR 1,000 crores. So it depends on what is the 
order inflow in this quarter. So we would definitely have to gear up and deliver the growth far 
better in next year because this year, it has been a little bit falling short of what we wanted to 
deliver. 
 
So this whatever the shortfall is there, we will have to catch up in the next year definitely because 
we also have a committed delivery time lines with the customer as well. So considering that, we 
look -- whatever the original projection for FY26 is there, so I think we should be able to 
maintain that. 
 
And in terms of the margin profile, yes, generally, traditionally, we have always told that our 
margin is anywhere around EBITDA of 17% to 18%, and that's the EBITDA we should be able 
to maintain going ahead as well. So whatever the -- with that change which happened in last year 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
and this year, it's due to certain reasons. But now we would be -- should be in a position to 
maintain a pretty uniform EBITDA as well. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Nidhi Shah: 
I wanted to ask could you call out the rupee amount for ESOP for the 9 months and what we are 
expecting for this year? 
Annie Varghese: 
Nidhi, what are you looking for, 9 months? 
Pravin Sathe: 
Nine months. We could hear a part of your question. 
Nidhi Shah: 
What is the ESOP in rupee value for 9 months and for full year? 
Pravin Sathe: 
Yes. The ESOP reserve for these 9 months is INR 7.51 crores. And for the entire year, it would 
be around INR 10 crores or so. So it's about INR 2.5 crores more in the last quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Kriis PMS. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, how is the working capital cycle shaping up for us? And are we seeing any relaxation in the 
receivables side? Also, sir, I believe we were facing some issues in the collections from PSUs. 
So sir, can you throw some light on this? 
Pravin Sathe: 
Yes, surely. See, typically, we have seen that our working capital cycle has been in the range of 
120 to 140 days. At some stages, it got stretched up to 160 days also. But ideally, it should be 
around 120 days going forward. And if you see the receivables from the PSUs also, we have 
improved on the receivable days also. So in spite of the client being PSUs, we could now get 
after them somehow and push them to release our payments a little faster than what they used to 
be in the previous year. 
 
And our utilization on the working capital line has also considerably reduced. So that will show 
that the working capital cycle has improved because the interest costs that we have borne for 
this quarter that Q3 is hardly INR 20 lakh as compared to the Q2 interest costs. So this shows 
that we are using the working capital lines also optimally. So things are improving for the better. 
Going forward, we see working capital cycle somewhere between 120 to 130 days. 
Mohit Jain: 
Also, sir, in the first 9 months, we have done roughly around INR 300 crores of top line. And so 
we have guided for like INR 600 crores to INR 650 crores initially. So sir, are we on a right 
track to do like INR 300 crores in the coming quarter, Q4? 
Pravin Sathe: 
So I think a couple of questions earlier, I have said about this that the target that we had kept for 
this financial year may get reduced by 10% or so because there are certain factors, which have 
resulted in delays in execution of the project. So there might be a slippage of 10% or so from 
the targets that we had kept for this financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aashna from HDFC AMC. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Aashna: 
Sir, despite this 10% slippage that we're talking about, even if we consider the guidance to be 
around INR 620 crores, INR 630 crores, so execution we planned around INR 580 crores for the 
full year. And that, again, brings us to around INR 280 crores, INR 290 crores of execution for 
Q4. So how confident are we of hitting that top line number? 
Arvind Kamath: 
I mean, Aashna, just last 2 years, actually, if we see our historically, whatever we have delivered 
in 9 months revenue, the same revenue we have delivered in the last quarter as well, that is Q4. 
So that's our endeavor to do this year as well. But however, we just want to be considering the 
various situations because of the many executions or projects that are quite like far-reaching 
sites like Numaligarh and Paradeep, etc., Barauni. So considering all this, that's how we said it 
could fall short by about 10% to 12% than what had we anticipated for the complete years. 
Aashna: 
Yes, sir. Sir, that's what I'm asking. Despite the 10% of shortfall, it still comes out to be around 
INR 280 crores, INR 290 crores of execution is what I wanted to understand. Would we be able 
to do that in Q4? 
Arvind Kamath: 
I mean, yes, that's our endeavor to achieve that similar -- that kind of a number in the last quarter. 
Aashna: 
Okay, sir. And sir, in terms of margins for Q4, for the full year, you mentioned that there might 
be a shortfall of 3 to 4 percentage points. So that again brings us to around 12% of full year 
EBITDA margin. Is that safe to assume? 
 
Pravin Sathe: 
Yes, somewhere around 12% to 13%. 
Aashna: 
Okay. So this shortfall has also you mentioned has been because of some increased direct costs 
and some projects getting delayed. So I'm understanding those projects are now back on 
execution and would get completed over the coming quarters? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, the projects have been getting executed. But since the projects are with the PSUs and the 
projects are on the remote sites, there are certain conditions, environmental conditions or the 
conditions which are under the control of the client, because of that, there have been certain 
delays. So projects were never stalled, they were getting executed and they are on track right 
now. 
Aashna: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And just one last question in terms of the pipeline. You mentioned INR 
4,000 crores for exports and INR 4,000 crores for domestic. These are two separate, is the 
understanding correct? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Separate, correct. 
Aashna: 
Okay. In exports, are there any specific -- like for domestic you're able to highlight 2, 3 key 
projects. So for exports, are there any large projects that are there in the pipeline which you 
might know of? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, there are mainly couple of projects in Russia, which are -- I mean, sorry, USA, Russia, 
there is there, but Russia, the finalization has been delayed. So we are not really focusing that 
much because there's been a substantial delay in the Russian finalization. But yes, now there are 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
a couple of important projects in the U.S., which we are -- the finalization is expected in the next 
3 to 6 months. Other than that, there are 1 or 2 projects in Middle East as well. 
Aashna: 
Okay, good to know. And sir, just one last question. The Reliance order which we get in Q1 this 
year, do you expect -- when do we expect the execution to begin and to conclude for that? 
Arvind Kamath: 
The execution has already begun. We have already started booking some revenues as well, 
though they are small in nature but the execution completion is in the next financial year. 
Aashna: 
So by March '26. 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, March '26, correct. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, my questions have been answered. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Mohanraj from Skaniva Capital. 
Varun Mohanraj: 
Sir, you've mentioned that your export pipeline would be around INR 4,000 crores. So in 
previous calls, we have mentioned that some of the export orders would be coming from the 
JNK Global Company? So I just wanted to know whether we would be having to pay any royalty 
or any fee for the export opportunity that comes through the JNK Global route? 
Pravin Sathe: 
I mean, Varun, just whenever the order is received from JNK Global, they take care of their cost 
and whatever we bid, we receive the order at that price. So there is no separate loyalty to be paid 
to them. Like we already received our orders in this quarter as well for Malaysia that was from 
JNK Global. 
 
So there is no separate loyalty to be paid when we receive the order from them itself. Only if we 
receive the order for exports directly from the customer, then we have to pay them up to 3% of 
the order value. 
Varun Mohanraj: 
Okay, okay. And I think in one of the previous calls, we mentioned about the products being 
fired heaters, reformers and cracking furnace. So I just wanted to know if like the INR 1,200 
crores order book is spread across these products? Or do we also have a wide range of SKUs? 
Pravin Sathe: 
It's about 50% of that is cracking furnace and about balance 40% is fired heaters and the 10% is 
the other products like flares, incinerators, etc. 
Varun Mohanraj: 
Okay. And what's our vision with green hydrogen vertical and like 3 to 5 years down the line, 
how big a vertical or a revenue stream this particular product could be for us? 
Arvind Kamath: 
So, see, typically, the green energy and the renewable energy is our focus. But currently, what 
we're doing is developing our expertise in this line so as maybe 3 to 5 years, we want that line 
to be at least, say, about 30% of our total revenue. That's our intention is. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
 
As you know, there are a lot of, obviously, action taking place in that or there is a lot of work 
going ahead but actual orderings are not really happening in hydrogen -- green hydrogen or other 
allied areas. But wherever the opportunities are there, we just want to ensure that we are able to 
bid and we are able to get qualified and develop our capabilities in executing such projects as 
well. 
Varun Mohanraj: 
Does our existing products have a synergy with the green hydrogen industry? Or should we go 
about developing newer -- completely newer products for this -- for this green hydrogen 
industry? 
Arvind Kamath: 
No. I mean the existing, they do have a synergy, and that's also one of the reasons why we want 
to develop that expertise because even currently through the reformer, so we are producing 
hydrogen. So in terms of handling capability of hydrogen, we have already developed that over 
a period of time. So here instead of the reformer, we would be using the electrolyzer when we 
are actually producing green hydrogen, that's it. 
Varun Mohanraj: 
Okay. And my last question would be on the Russian pipeline, which we mentioned in the 
previous call, that would be like INR 2,000 crores pipeline. So I think in the -- to the previous 
participant, you mentioned that there's been long delays. So do you think it would materialize 
sometime in the future or like I just want to know what is the -- I mean, the order finalization 
from Russia? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, I mean there are -- we are under active consideration, but unfortunately, there has been 
delays in finalization. We are in touch regularly. So if there is any progress happening, we will 
come to know. But as of now, yes, there are still delays in terms of the order finalization from 
Russia. 
Varun Mohanraj: 
So the INR 4,000 crores pipeline is excluding Russia, which you are mentioning? Or is it 
including Russia? 
Arvind Kamath: 
In the INR 4,000 crores export pipeline, certain amount of Russian proposals are also there, 
some proposals, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities Private Limited. 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes. See, earlier, you were guiding for 17% to 18% margin and from the order visibility, you 
must have calculated that margin. So is there any change which has happened, some extra cost 
which has come that's why the margin has come down? 
Pravin Sathe: 
See, we have already mentioned in our earlier calls also, that the project has different execution 
cycles. And at the initial stages of the execution cycle, typically, the margins are on the higher 
side. And during the middle stages, the margin dips. And again, at the concluding stages when 
we are doing the erection work or the services portion is built, the margin again rises. 
 
So now in the current year, whatever revenue that is generated, that is generated out of the 
projects, those are in the stage wherein the margins are low. They are in the middle stages of 
their execution cycle. So that has resulted into dipping of the margins. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
 
And last year, we did not book new orders significantly, in the last financial year. So typically, 
what happens is if you book new orders, then there are certain orders in the initial stage, which 
offset this effect when certain projects are in the middle stages. But this cumulative effect has 
resulted into reduction of margin. 
Sunil Jain: 
And the same situation will be there in the fourth quarter also? That's why you are.... 
Pravin Sathe: 
Yes, that's what we said that somewhere the EBITDA would be in the range of 13% to 14%. 
And from the financial year '26 onwards, you will see that the margins will get stabilized. 
Sunil Jain: 
So the last execution part will come in FY26 and then we will have a better margin. 
Pravin Sathe: 
Yes. 
Sunil Jain: 
And sir, second question related to interest cost. This quarter, the interest cost came 
comparatively higher at over INR 5 crores. And you said that the actual interest in that is only 
INR 20 lakhs. So what is the rest of the cost? Is there any one-off in that? 
Pravin Sathe: 
It is not the interest cost, it is the finance cost and the finance cost includes apart from the interest, 
see, in the last year for the December '23, we were having credit facilities of INR 150 crores. 
Coming this December, we have credit facilities of INR 457 crores. So we have availed 
additional limits of INR 307 crores from the last Q3 to this Q3. So this has resulted into the loan 
processing fees and the stamp duty charges. 
 
So if you take that into consideration, that itself is around INR 2.75 crores out of this. And also, 
there are bank guarantee charges. We have issued bank guarantees to get the advances as regard 
the orders from the Reliance. So around INR 85 lakhs is towards the bank guarantee charges. So 
if you add these three figures, they are -- they will come to around INR 3.5 crores out of that. So 
typical interest cost is not the entire component of this finance costs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj S Vyas from TM Investments Technologies Private 
Limited. 
Raj S Vyas: 
I just wanted – to what will be the absolute ESOP cost for FY25 as you have mentioned... 
Pravin Sathe: 
Absolute ESOP cost, I have answered this in my earlier -- towards the earlier question also. For 
9 months, the absolute number is INR 7.51 crores and about INR 2.5 crores additional cost will 
come in this Q4. So roughly, it is around INR 10 crores for this fiscal. 
Raj S Vyas: 
INR 10 crores for this fiscal. And other thing is like in the earlier -- like in Q2, you said that H2 
will be far better than H1, but I guess in terms of Q3 earnings, we've also seen the order book 
declining. So I'm understanding that this is because of some of the execution has played out in 
this quarter. Is this correct? If my assumption is right? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, if you see the quarter in isolation, you will feel that order book has declined. There is an 
execution, of course. But in the H1 itself, we back the orders to the tune of around INR 880 
crores. And our target for this financial year was somewhere between INR 800 crores to INR 
1,000 crores. So in fact, we are on the right track to achieve our target to complete the order 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
book. So as the orders get executed and till the time new orders are booked, the order book gets 
reduced. 
Raj S Vyas: 
Okay. And do we stick to the revenue guidance of INR 600 crores as mentioned in the earlier 
like calls as well? Or is there some reduction in that as well? 
Pravin Sathe: 
Mentioned also earlier that we are anticipating about 10% decline from the target that we had 
kept for ourselves for this fiscal. 
Raj S Vyas: 
Okay. And have you won any new orders currently? If so, so can you elaborate on the same? 
And what will be the growth forecast for the same, the completion of the orders? 
Pravin Sathe: 
For this quarter? 
Raj S Vyas: 
Yes. Apart from the latest order... 
Arvind Kamath: 
We have already received one orders, which we mentioned in the earlier thing as well. And there 
is the likely finalization of about two opportunities, one domestic and one export. But we 
wouldn't know exactly they would get -- in terms of the actual ordering would happen in this 
quarter or the Q1 of the next year. But those two large opportunities are under finalization that 
way, one for the domestic and one for export opportunity. 
Raj S Vyas: 
Any tentative figure of the same? 
Pravin Sathe: 
See, we cannot give a tentative figure of order finalization because we will always anticipate 
that we will get all the orders that we bid for, right? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anshul Jethi from LKP Securities Limited. 
Anshul Jethi: 
Yes. So as per your one of the filings that Suntech Infra has filed an arbitration petition against 
you for the contract related at Dahej site, right? Is it related to the Reliance project only? 
Pravin Sathe: 
Yes, yes, it is related to the Reliance project. 
Anshul Jethi: 
So has there -- does this affect any execution timeline or that goes on as guided by you 
previously? 
Pravin Sathe: 
That doesn't affect the execution timeline because we have already engaged another contractor 
to carry out the same work. And there, we have mentioned clearly in our disclosure also that 
there would not be significant financial implications out of this arbitration. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Arvind Kamath: 
Thank you all for joining our Q3 and 9M FY25 earnings call. We truly appreciate your time and 
interest in learning more about our company, JNK India. We value your support and look 
forward to continuing this journey together. If you have any further questions, please feel free 
to contact us, and we will be more than happy to address all your queries. Thank you so much. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of IIFL Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
