 
 
 
 
Date: 29th January, 2025 
 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Investor Call pertaining to Financial Results for quarter and nine 
months ended on 31st December, 2024 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the Investor Call held on Thursday, 23rd January, 2024 on the financial results of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months ended on 31st December, 2024. 
 
The transcript will also available on the website of the Company at 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
 
This is for your information and further dissemination.  
 
Thanking you, 
For Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
 
 
 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Group General Counsel, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Enclosed as above; 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 543300 
NSE Scrip:  SONACOMS 
Ajay Pratap 
Singh
Digitally signed by 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Date: 2025.01.29 
09:55:03 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 23, 2025 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, and welcome to Sona 
Comstar’s Q3 FY25 earnings group conference call. Please note that all 
participant lines are in the listen-only mode as of now. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note that this call is being recorded. We request that you place your lines on 
mute except when asking a question.  
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward-looking in nature, and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. The management 
will also not be taking any specific customer-related questions or confirming 
or denying any customer names or relationships due to confidentiality 
reasons. Please refrain from naming any customer in your questions. 
 
Now, I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and Digital 
Commerce Research, India, and Lead Autos Analyst at Nomura. Kapil, 
please go ahead.  
Kapil Singh: 
Thanks, Linda. Good day, everyone. To take us through the Q3 FY25 results 
and to answer your questions, we have the management team of Sona 
Comstar with us. I will just introduce them quickly. We have Mr. Vivek Vikram 
Singh, MD & Group CEO; Mr. Praveen Chakrapani Rao, Group CTO; Mr. Sat 
Mohan Gupta, CEO of Motor Business; Mr. Vikram Verma, CEO of Driveline 
Business; Mr. Rohit Nanda, Group CFO; Mr. Amit Mishra, Head - Investor 
Relations; and Mr. Pratik Sachan, GM - Corporate Strategy and Investor 
Relations. Now, I hand over the call to Vivek for the opening remarks and the 
presentation, over to you. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil, and welcome everyone to the earnings call for Q3, which 
was a decent quarter despite us achieving our highest-ever net profit, 
highest-ever EV revenue and highest-ever EV revenue share. So as has 
always been our policy when talking to our owners - our shareholders, we will 
let the bad news take the escalator so we will begin with the challenges.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
First, demand in Europe continues to remain weak, and we do not anticipate 
any imminent reversal of these trends. Second, both the off-highway market 
in the US and the commercial vehicle market in India also continued to show 
weakness, resulting in a production decline last quarter; given our significant 
market share in both of these segments, sales of our differential gears and 
differential assemblies have been negatively impacted. We hope this trend 
at least can reverse in the coming quarters. Third, there was an inventory 
buildup in North America at the customers' end during the first half of the 
year for multiple reasons, which has been followed by a fairly sharp reduction 
in inventory in the last couple of months and that has affected our 
performance this quarter.  
Apart from these macro factors, one of our largest customers is transitioning 
a major model to an upgraded and redesigned version. Now, this change, 
although positive in the medium term, is expected to adversely affect our 
supplies to this customer in January and February. This is due to the typical 
cycle of reducing inventory of the outgoing model before gradually 
increasing production sharply for the new model. So, while we expect the 
supply schedules to normalize by March; 4th quarter will likely be weak 
because of these disruptions in the first two months.  
But the good news is that the factors affecting our current sales performance 
are temporary in nature. And as I said to our team, if you are not losing share 
of wallet with our customers and our customers are not losing market share, 
there is absolutely no reason to worry. And in fact, it is an opportunity for 
improving product design or increasing our share of wallet with that 
customer. We expect to regain the lost revenues of January and February 
within the next two quarters itself. We also continue strong progress on our 
strategic priority of electrification, achieving our highest-ever EV revenue 
and EV revenue share during this quarter.  
Additionally, we won a new program to supply differential assemblies for one 
of our existing customers, new and first look fairly exciting EV models in India. 
We also received a second product order in the sensors and software 
vertical and successfully commercialized a new product - Zone Monitoring 
Sensors. We've also made a significant technological breakthrough by 
developing a 180-degree field of view device using short-range radar 
sensors. Which Praveen will talk about later. But in short, our journey of 
pivoting NOVELIC from a radar services business to a diversified sensor 
product company is going quite well.  
We are pleased to announce that our board has approved an investment 
in ClearMotion Incorporated. This is a company that is truly revolutionizing the 
in-cabin experience for passenger vehicles with its fully active suspension 
technology this is a game changer as we see it. This investment will further 
strengthen our partnership with ClearMotion benefiting us both as an investor 
and as a supplier. We also continue to grow a share of business with existing 
customers and are adding new customers and new products and we are 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
very happy to report that we have further increased our global market share 
in both differential gears as well as starter motors in 2024. 
 
Slide 5: 
Now, coming to the numbers of the quarter, revenue grew by 12%, while 
EBITDA and net profit increased by 3% and 14%, respectively. Our margins 
declined compared to last year due to adverse product and geographic 
mix while still staying in a range of 27%. And amidst what I'd call an inordinate 
amount of media coverage and noise about an EV slowdown, our BEV 
revenue grew by an incredible 48% in absolute terms to the highest ever 329 
crores, and our BEV revenue share has increased to an all-time high of 39%. 
Slide 6: 
Coming to the nine-month figures, we've increased our revenue, EBITDA and 
PAT by 17%, 13% and 19% respectively. And since this is the end of the 
calendar year, we got our global market shares calculated. Our starter 
market share has improved from 4.2% to 4.4%. As Europe and the US markets, 
where we have higher market shares, have grown faster than Asia. And 
coming to the bigger one, it is a matter of great pride, and I congratulate 
Vikram and his team that our global market share in differential gears has 
grown from 8.1% last year to 8.8% now. As some of you may remember, at 
the end of 2019, this market share was 4.5% and despite most automotive 
volume growth coming out of China, where we have a negligible share, well 
as of now, and several new competitors have emerged from India and 
China. Despite all this, we have nearly doubled our market share in these five 
years, and we intend to keep going from strength to strength and keep 
expanding this market share all over the world. 
Slide 9: 
Coming to electrification, our BEV revenue has increased from 28% in the first 
nine months of FY24 to 36% for nine months FY25. In revenue terms, this has 
grown by 52% to ₹9.3 billion. This growth, I mean, if you compare it with the 
non-BEV revenue growth is 10 times is the BEV growth. This is because our EV 
traction motors and EV differential assemblies both have been the fastest 
growing segments for us this year. We also continue to build on our EV 
orderbook and in Q3, we've added one new EV program.  
Slide 10: 
So, this is a new EV order from an existing customer, an Indian legacy OEM, 
and we will be supplying the differential assemblies for their upcoming 
electric car models, which we feel should do well in the Indian market.  
 
Slide 12:  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
With this new win and the other new non-EV orders, our net order book has 
increased slightly over the previous quarter to 232 billion and the proportion 
of EVs in the order book stands at 76% at the end of Q3. 
Slide 14: 
With this, we come to our fourth KRA, diversification. The weak demand in 
Europe in the first nine months means that the revenue share from hybrid and 
micro-hybrid has been lower than in the previous year. The trend of increasing 
electrification and decreasing ice dependence continues unabated for us, 
and this year, we've seen the ice-dependent revenue shrink to less than 10%. 
 
Slide 15: 
Geographically, North America continues to be our largest end market at 
43% and this is despite the negative impact of inventory reduction that I 
spoke about earlier. The European market has been impacted by weak 
demand and our revenue from this region has declined from 26% to 23%. 
India remains our second largest market, and the revenue share also remains 
stable at 28%. In the market mix, it's fairly visible the weakness in commercial 
vehicle demand, which has resulted in our share of revenue declining from 
14% to 10%, which is quite a shift in the first nine months. In the product mix, 
the fastest growing segments for us this year, as I already mentioned, have 
been EV traction motors and EV differential assemblies, followed by 
differential gears, which is reflected in the change in the product mix. We 
also made a small but exciting beginning with our advanced suspension 
motors starting serial production and becoming 0.2% of our nine-month 
revenue. Three years from now, we expect this product to be one of our 
leading revenue contributors. 
 
Slide 17:  
So, before this video is played, I want to say that there are only a few times in 
a career that one comes across truly game-changing technologies in 
companies that are run by passionate people and when we met 
ClearMotion four years ago, we knew this was one such company and we 
must work together to bring this product to the world. We must do everything 
we can to do this and get it done. And four years of engineering and 
development work later, we are further cementing our relationship in them 
with us investing $4 million in this current fundraising round.  
Pratik, if you could play the video, so people can get an idea of the product.  
So, as you can see, the front car is the one that has the ClearMotion active 
suspension installed, while the second car does not. And you can see what 
happens to those Jenga blocks inside that vehicle. So, this is a technology 
that makes the in-cabin experience almost as if you were in a private jet. This 
is because of the active valve that you can see on the lower left-hand side 
to which we are a significant contributor. So, in ClearMotion’s current 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
fundraising round, we are investing 4 million. Their fully active suspension 
technology, which is controlled by a BLDC motor and controller-based 
actuator, has a latency that is five times lower than any other currently 
available alternative in the suspension board, which to the non-technical 
ones means it is a five times faster response rate. This active suspension system 
is built on the software-centric electrohydraulic core, which is that Activalve, 
which includes controlled software, a processor and an electric motor, all of 
which is supplied by Sona Comstar. This technology has been successfully 
commercialized and is already in production in China and is being supplied 
to the Nio ET9. Initially, the deployment is expected to be in the premium car 
segment, specifically the E segment and above, which represents, I would 
say, a total addressable market of nearly $14 billion. We anticipate that this 
technology will progressively be deployed in higher and higher volume 
segments and as both a supplier and an investor in ClearMotion, we are fairly 
well positioned to benefit from this change and development. So with this, I 
hand over the reins to our Group CTO, Praveen, to update us on our 
technology updates. Over to you, Praveen. 
Praveen Rao:  
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm happy to take 
you through the third-quarter technology updates. 
 
Slide 18:  
What you see here is our technology roadmap. As mentioned by Vivek, we 
commercialized one product and added two new products, future products 
to our technology roadmap. If you look at the top right corner, the zone 
monitoring sensor, it is truly a revolutionary product that gets us firmly into the 
industrial segment. These sensors whose purpose is to alert and protect 
people operating in potentially unsafe or hazardous work environments. This 
could also be used in factory floors where people work in proximity with robots 
and AGVs. This product opens opportunities in the industrial domain where 
several use cases exist today. The use of this product will enhance existing 
safety measures like barriers or, in some cases, even replace them. The 
second product that I'm going to talk about is the limited-slip differential, 
which you see on the left side, or LSD for short. LSD has significant use cases 
in low traction surfaces, cornering and high torque situations. This product 
brings together our deep expertise in differential assembly while newly 
developed capabilities in clutches to offer the next-generation product to 
our customers. The third product is the gearbox for EVTOLs or Electric Vertical 
Takeoff and Landing. The market for EVTOLs is evolving globally and India is 
playing a very important role in building them with indigenous technologies 
and using the local ecosystem. Given that the EVTOLs transport people, the 
safety and reliability of every subsystem are critical. Therefore, EVTOLs are 
designed and tested in the most stringent conditions and certified by DGCA. 
Sona Comstar started working on the design and development of gearbox 
for EVTOLs with our expertise in gear technology, material science, thermal 
management and structural engineering. This product will enable Sona 
Comstar to play an active role in the future EVTOLs and drone space.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
Slide 19:  
The next one is the point about the new product that is a 180-degree field of 
view short range sensors. NOVELIC acquisition brought us capability in the 
millimeter wave radar sensors, and we are proud to announce another major 
breakthrough with this product, the 180-degree field of view short rate 
sensors. The diagram indicates the use case where a typical passenger car 
would use four ultrasonic sensors when you do a reverse parking, this unique 
sensor, just one sensor will replace that, you don't need to drill holes in the 
bumper and you know, it performs much better function. It also has 
additional capabilities like kick-sensing tailgate or door protection. Additional 
use cases are parking support and collision warning, which opens up use 
cases in affordable PVs as well as two-wheelers.  
With this I hand over to Rohit for the financial portions. Thank you. 
Rohit Nanda: 
Thank you, Praveen. A good day to you all. It's my pleasure to share our third 
quarter and nine-month results for FY25 with you. 
 
Slide 21: 
We'll start with the Q3 performance. During the quarter gone by, our 
aggregate revenue has grown by 12% to 868 crores; in comparison with this, 
the underlying light vehicle market in North America, Europe and India, 
which are the three largest markets for us, grew only by 1%. Our BEV revenue 
continued to show solid growth; in this quarter, the growth was 48% in BEV 
revenue. It grew to 329 crores and constituted 39% of our Q3 sales. Our 
EBITDA adjusted for ESOP cost grew by 3% to 240 crores. EBITDA margin was 
lower by 2.3% compared to the same quarter last year and that's largely 
attributable to the change in product mix. A profit after tax should be seen 
after adjusting for exceptional expenses which were incurred on diligence 
work for certain inorganic opportunities. Compared like to like, our PAT grew 
by 17%, to 160 crores. The margin was higher by 60 basis points, thanks to the 
net finance income generated from investment of QIP proceeds. 
 
Slide 22: 
Moving on to the nine months performance, during the nine-month period, 
our revenue growth was 17%. The revenue number was 2,686 crores, 
compared to the underlying growth of only 2% in the key markets of North 
America, Europe and India. The BEV revenue growth for nine-month period 
was 52% and the number was 929 crores, and it was 36% of our total sales. 
EBITDA adjusted for the higher ESOP cost, grew by 15% to 763 crores. Our 
adjusted EBITDA margin is lower by 30 basis points compared to the nine-
month period last year. And that's mainly on account of product mix, despite 
having a favorable operating leverage and lower input cost. Our profit after 
tax adjusted for exceptional expenses grew by 23% to 467 crores. Adjusted 
PAT margin was higher by about 70 basis points and that's mainly due to 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
higher net finance income. The adjustment to profit after tax represents the 
cost incurred in relation to the diligence work for various acquisitions. 
Slide 23: 
This brings us to the last slide which is on the key ratios. I'll just talk about the 
key highlights here. So, on the improvement side of working capital and fixed 
asset turnovers have improved to 5.1 and 3.8 times respectively. Net Debt to 
EBITDA went further negative due to QIP fundraise in the earlier quarter and 
cash is needed for the quarter. Our return on capital employed and return 
on equity have seen a dip consequent to the QIP funds raised during the 
quarter but is expected to start improving once the funds are deployed and 
the new acquisition grows over the next few years. With this, we've come to 
the end of our Q3 earnings presentation, and I'll now hand the proceedings 
back to the Nomura team for Q&A.  
Moderator:  
We will now open the floor for the Q&A session. If you wish to raise the 
question, please use the raise hand function located at the bottom right of 
the Webex page. We will unmute your line and prompt you to up or you may 
also submit a question via Q&A chat box addressing to all panelists. Please 
be reminded to keep your questions for a maximum of two questions. If you 
have more questions, please return to the queue. Thank you.  
Ok. We have the first question from Jay Kale. Hi Jay, your line is open. Please 
go ahead with your question. 
Jay Kale:  
Congratulations for your investment in your technological advance customer 
like Clearmotion. My first question is basically, you know, Vivek, you 
mentioned that your BEV revenue growth of course, has been strong, but you 
also mentioned about inventory correction at your customer end. So are you 
seeing a case of a few BEV models of your customers are actually faring lower 
than even your customer's expectations and hence the transition of your 
stated order book to revenues could be lower than expected going forward. 
And in the current context, do you still believe your revenues to double in a 
three years’ time frame which historically has been your track record, of 
course X of any acquisitions and the railway acquisition. How do you see 
that? That's my first question. I have a couple of more here. Oh, Vivek. your 
voice is not audible. Is it only me or for everyone? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sorry, I was on mute. I said, yeah, that was many questions in one. So let me 
take them point by point. So yes, you're right that we have doubled every 
three years so far. But that does include inorganic. It doesn't, it's not exclusive 
because if you look at the history when we became Sona Comstar, we did 
acquire Comstar part of the business and that's how also some part of the 
growth comes from there as well. On your orderbook question, we don't see 
any major challenges because like I said, this is why the construct that we 
have is a net orderbook of 10 years. So even if a program gets delayed out, 
let's say by 6 months to nine months or even a year, the size of the orderbook 
does not change, the shape may change. And it is significant from a 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
shareholder perspective that how soon does it translate into revenue but not 
the total quantum. To your point about BEV sales slowing, actually, that is one 
of the things that I found fairly puzzling. I think people are familiar with that 
line, I quote that line ‘pratyaksh ko praman ki avashyakta nahi hoti’, but this 
is one of those cases for five quarters where I have seen that “Pratyaksh hone 
ke bawajud praman ki avashyakta padti hai”. Even after 52% growth, EV is 
the part that gets the most questions. I think if you look at the data of EV sales 
even in India, by the way, or overall, it is far, far, far faster growing than the 
ice part. Actually, if I were to look at this quarter and say how much our EV 
revenue has grown and if I take out the EV growth, actually, we would have 
declined year on year because the ice part of it is actually what is under 
challenge. So, we don't, still don't see that much challenge. Yes, there are 
program delays, but they don't change the overall orderbook size. You had 
another couple of questions in there which I might not have answered. So 
which ones did I miss? 
Jay Kale:  
No, I think largely you've, you've covered most of them. I just had one or two 
more. I just so you also did mention that of course, you're not supplying to 
Chinese as much till now, right. So, if you could just, you know, elaborate on 
how you plan to diversify your customer base going forward. And also, you 
know, if I have to just pick up a, speak on the Chinese part, you know, it, it is 
an interesting market, but at the same time, it's a very fragmented market 
and as management, when you choose OEMs within the Chinese OEMs, 
what is your kind of criteria or filtration? Because we've seen many large OEMs 
also, there has been news flow of largely group backed OEMs coming under 
pressure or under trouble. So what is your criteria so that your orderbook, you 
know, is foolproof? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure. So first of all, I would like to humbly make this submission that we do not 
choose our customers. We are servants of our customers; our customers 
choose us. So we have no criteria for selecting our customers. We try to work 
with all customers who we think are wanting our products and see value in 
our product, that's how we look at the world. As suppliers, one should never 
get so arrogant to believe that we are in a position to choose customers. 
Customer is king in any business, and we never let ourselves forget that. Your 
point about the China market is actually very true, that not, it is immense, it is 
the largest car market in the world, right? Well, it is not that simple a market, 
it has challenges in pockets, it has challenges in terms of fragmentation, in 
terms of supply chain distribution, it has geographic location challenges. So, 
it is not a simple market. But then, you know, if we think of ourselves and 
hopefully, we are a good management team, we are entrusted to do the 
things that are difficult. So, we are actively looking at how to get into China, 
but anything that I can say will be premature at this stage. Let us have 
something concrete, and of course, the moment we do, we will share with 
everyone. We would, only thing I can share is, of course, we would like to be 
electric first as we are in every other market. And in China, it makes sense. If 
you look at, even our past strategy, we shut down our starter motor line 1.5 
years ago in China to focus only on suspension motors, right? Because we 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
realize that, that market to have an ice product makes no sense. So that will 
be our playbook that EV makers will be of course, the one that we would 
desire more but open and happy to work with anybody who gives us the 
opportunity to work with them. 
Jay Kale:  
Great, thanks. Thanks, and all the best. And I'll fall back on the queue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. And the next question comes from Jinesh Gandhi. Hi, Jinesh, your 
line is open, please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Yeah, so question on the same lines on China. So obviously that's the biggest 
market. But what are we doing to get a presence in that market and what it 
will take for us to win in that market? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, same answer as I gave to Jay. A little premature because we have 6% of 
our revenue that comes from Asia, right now, it's quite small. We will, of course 
it is on our radar. We are doing some things but let them come to fruition. No 
point talking prematurely. 
The plan would be as you know, we have a motor plant there, from where 
we supply suspension motor products. The driveline product is where it's low 
penetration, part of it is because of duties. There is a duty barrier between us 
and China, that China imposes import duties on our HS code, I think between 
8 to 10%. For which some bits if you have to do, you have to do lowkey, so we 
have to figure that puzzle out, it's still not done, but it is on our radar. And 
whenever we have something that is concrete, we will announce it. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Got it. And the second question pertains to our exposure to the US and the 
upcoming Mexico plant, given the changes which are happening in the US 
regime and the potential threat of tariffs. How are we seeing this risk in terms 
of 40% of our revenues are from the US and the upcoming Mexico plant. Is 
there any rethink on the Mexico plant itself? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, I actually was surprised by this question from somebody else also 
recently. I don't think the auto component sector is as much at risk. I think if 
you look beyond the headlines and which we should right? Before making a 
blanket assumption, the import duty on auto components imported from US 
and India is between 10 to 15% depending on which HS code. India duty to 
the US is about 2.5%. So, the entire difference, even if reciprocating tariffs 
were to be put, is between 5 to 10% depending on which category one is 
talking about. Second and this is a far more logical one. If I believe that the 
president and his current administration view is to put America first and 
benefit America. The US automotive industry is fairly large and fairly important 
to the US economy. If they said that we will put duties on auto component 
imports from Mexico, China and India, I have no idea how they will make cars 
or then they’ll live with cars that are, you know, 15 to 20% more expensive 
than they are. I frankly think that we are misreading the situation, it could be 
a great opportunity for India that with the dollar rupee decline currently, with 
the 5% drop recently, if you have to source, where would you source this 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
from? Because making these parts in the US is not going to be possible. It will 
take far too long, and it will be far, far more expensive even with the duty 
thing. So, I think it's a far smaller risk for auto components. I think where all of 
this is stemming from is the differential in duties between cars in India and US, 
that India imposes a 100% import duty on Auto, it is not the same for auto 
components. There is not that much of a duty difference. So that's my take 
on it. We don't think it's as big a risk as it's been made out. Mexico plant is 
starting with Mexico-to-Mexico sales to begin with. So, there is no rethink 
because though that's a local country to country thing which has no custom 
duty impact, etc. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Got it, got it. And the last question pertains to our orderbook. So, what 
percentage of our orderbook would be from Europe in terms of European 
OEMs or sales to Europe? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Good question Jinesh. Yeah, because actually I know people ask us about 
the US, you know because Mr. Trump is in the headlines. Europe is the one 
that should be asked more, relatively small portion. I don't have the exact 
number, but a relatively small portion is from Europe because as you might 
have noticed European OEMs have also not been giving out many new RFQ 
or purchase orders.   
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Right. Right. And sorry, last clarification is, what is the stake in ClearMotion for 
this $4 million investment? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So good question. And frankly, I should, we should have put it in our 
presentation itself. It will be when fully converted between 1.5 to 2% 
somewhere in that range. Rohit, would you like to clarify on this one? 
Rohit Nanda:  
1.6%. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Oh, Rohit obviously, as usual, is far more accurate than I am. 1.6%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. And the next question is from Gunjan. Hi Gunjan, your line is open. 
Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Yeah, thanks team for taking my questions. I had two questions. Firstly, on the 
you know, on the outlook that you shared for Q4 that there’ll be destocking 
in Jan and Feb, if I were to just like look beyond, fiscal 25 now, because you 
know, this is a destocking, you know, leading to a refresh of cycle with the 
customer. How would you think about fiscal 26? And I'm presently looking to 
get your insights on, you know, on two parts one, the confidence on the 
conversion of programs that you see happening in fiscal 26. And secondly, 
you know what, you know, what does this refresh mean? Does it mean a 
substantial pick up in business from that customer going into fiscal 26, a bit 
more color on 26 revenue outlook. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Good question. Actually, in a way, it would mean some revenue shifting from 
Q4 FY25 to FY26, right? We, if we follow customer guidance, there should be 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
increase in sales, but for our purposes or budgeting purposes, we are 
assuming even if it is flat because of this quarter change and our financial 
year being different from calendar year, we should see higher revenue 
regardless even if sales remain the same of the refresh model, we should see 
increase. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
And anything on the conversions, Vivek, on the orderbook? What do you 
see? How is it shaping up? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Not bad. We're seeing some good convergence. Actually, some have 
started this quarter or are starting in March etc. A couple of largish EV orders 
which are in the motor side, both the two large ones are both in India that 
are starting. There is one in North America that is starting, I would say at the 
end, near the end of the calendar year and one in driveline, which is also 
starting at the end of the calendar year. Apart from one, Gunjun, I think I 
spoke about it in a couple of quarters ago earnings call that one European 
EV OEM, whose order was supposed to convert in FY26, seems that it will 
convert now in FY27 to serial production, apart from that one instance, and 
there is one instance that I spoke about again, three quarters back, that was 
a Indian EV two wheeler, apart from those two particular orders, I don't know 
of anything else that has been delayed. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Ok, got it. And I think, Vivek, you also referred to that suspension system 
getting into serial production, right? I mean, this was, if I recall, this was, you 
know, I think at least two years back when this was added to the orderbook, 
can you just refresh us, what is the potential annualized revenue that you 
know, that you're now looking at from this product line and have there been 
any progress in terms of, you know, new wins or, you know, how do you see 
that this product line shaping up going ahead? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, good you brought that up, Gunjan. I think we put it in Q3 FY22, so it's been 
almost three years and it's a good thing that you asked and good also that 
shows how long our development cycles usually are. So, when we talk about 
something and when we talk about the future, we actually talk about a far 
longer term than a lot of other industries. So, it has started, I think at that time 
because it was three years out nobody gave it much importance, but for us, 
we have been working on it for three years, right? And now that it has started, 
we would not like to commit to annualized revenue right now because like I 
said, it just started with one model of one car maker, which I kind of have 
named. So, as it spreads to other customers, it could be very large. And I don't 
want to create false optimism by giving a number because the number, if 
you think about it, it’s just like it is very, very big. So that's why I don't want to 
quote that number. I told you the total addressable market for ClearMotion 
itself is about $14 billion, right? I won't go into our product costing, but we are 
a significant part of this BOM. And if we are a significant part of this BOM, a 
significant part of this number is our total revenue potential. How soon do we 
get to that? Of course, it will depend on how early people adopt it. I can 
share that, there has been one more OEM who has now nominated gear 
motion and they have a second customer and the pipeline as we know, and 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
that's one of the advantages of being an investor. The pipeline has many, 
many more OEM conversations going on. It will be two again premature for 
me to talk about in the short term, that, what will it be in revenue in 2-3 years? 
But I know that it will be a large part of our revenue in four or five years. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Ok. All right. Just, if you can offer us an update on, you know, the railway 
transaction and I'll join back in the queue. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  That, I will hand it over to my colleague, Rohit. 
Rohit Nanda:  
So, that's progressing well. We had earlier indicated a timeline of September 
end. It's still under discussion if all works out well, we may actually be able to 
close it sooner. But it's not a done deal yet. But, yeah, so we are progressing 
well, I would say. 
Before we take up the next question, I would like to correct myself on the CMI 
question. There was a pre money post money issue. So, our equity stake will 
be about 1.5% and not 1.6% 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thanks Rohit. 
Moderator:  
Next question is from Amyn Pirani, Amyn, your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani:  
Most of my questions have been answered, just a few clarifications. This, 
inventory stocking and de-stocking at one of your customers. Was it 
something unanticipated or is it generally how, you know, it normally works in 
your business or, or was it something which happened, you know, in a time 
frame which you were not expecting? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, I think one difference when I talked about inventory reductions in North 
America, that was a general comment for US carmakers and not particular 
customers. For the particular customer, it's not an inventory issue, so they're 
doing a model refresh. So, if you launch a new model, you will have to shut 
down making the old model, right? So, there is a two month, three month 
transition phase whenever a new model launch happens, which is major. Of 
course, this is a regular practice in auto, but the thing is we've not been listed 
long enough for it to have happened to us while being public because 
model launches are 5 to 7 years, you refresh.  
So it hasn't really happened since 21-22. So this is the first one. Second, it 
happens but if it happens to a customer who's a small part of your revenue, 
it is virtually negligible and not worth mentioning. But yeah, this happens to 
be a fairly large customer, which is why it is a smaller, sorry which is a bigger 
thing, sorry. 
Amit Hiranandani:  
OK. Secondly, on the, you know, the US angle and the tariffs thing, thanks for 
the perspective that you gave on the difference between the fully built car 
and components on the tariff side. Coming back to the Mexico angle, you 
said that, you know, your sales are Mexico to Mexico, and you just forgive me 
for belaboring on that point, but your customer to whom you are supplying 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
and with whom you will most likely ramp up. Is that customer mainly setting 
up their capacity for supplying to the US or is it also within Mexico? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So their factory is in Mexico. So if they export from there to all over Americas, 
but again, they, I don't think they can make any decision now, from that 
perspective. And again, I'm also, I know we have heard that the saber 
rattling, let it get implemented, you know, there is a, we have seen the same 
administration last time also and a lot of noise was made and it didn’t get 
done really. So let's see, let's wait for it to happen before speculating. We are 
not very heavy capex people in general, as you know, we and I explain to 
you beforehand, for at least land and equipment, we always lease. It is 
machines which are fairly fungible to our production processes and can be 
shifted if that is what happens. So, although a relevant point, it does get taken 
up in our risk management committee as a proportion of our total investment 
and what is at risk? It is a fairly small proportion. 
Amit Hiranandani:  
Ok. And just lastly, on the Chinese OEMs aspect, now obviously one aspect is 
going to China and supplying to Chinese OEMs from there, but Chinese 
OEMs, it looks like they are looking to become big in Europe and other parts 
of Asia as well. So is there an angle that you know, that your Europe revenue 
or you know, business can also be through these Chinese OEMs or do you 
think that you will have to start supplying to them in China to become 
relevant in other parts of the world? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So excellent question, Amit, I mean, and this is something that internally also 
we have actually discussed, that which one comes first. So let's first take the 
problem in two separate ways. If not for this duty barrier, we would have had 
market share, fairly decent market share even in the Chinese market. But 
because of that, we have very little right. It's hard to come at a 10% price 
difference if you're not willing to sacrifice your own margins.   
However, outside China, if you look at EV customers of ours, we are fairly 
competitive and almost always win against our Chinese peers for like-to-like 
products. This should mean, in just pure theory, similar, if the OEM was Chinese 
or European, if you're setting up a factory in Europe and sourcing locally, then 
the same thing should apply. But practically relationships and familiarity 
matters. And if you're doing a copy paste of your plant from China into 
Europe, maybe you want to replicate the same supply chain and not reinvent 
the wheel. So that's what I think is the point. It will not just be Europe, actually 
there are plants of Chinese OEMs coming up all over the place in Southeast 
Asia, South America. And we are seeing that the same kind of pattern is 
emerging, some OEMs do not go to a geography and figure out what is the 
best way to manufacture there. They are in a way replicating the Chinese 
plant and hence it may be or actually we think it may be a better strategy to 
get into China, get that familiarity and to then travel with them outside might 
be an easier way than to make your inroad through a foreign subsidiary of 
the Chinese OEM. But yeah, I mean, we don't know if we're absolutely right 
or wrong on this one, but this is what we are seeing and we are trying both 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 
approaches. But I think the latter approach has a higher probability of 
success. 
Amit Hiranandani:  
Ok, fair enough. Thanks for your thoughts! 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  But great question I have to add, that is a, I mean, this is something we've 
been deflecting now for a couple of years. 
Moderator:  
Thank you and the next question is from Shruti. Shruti, your line is open. Please 
go ahead. Hi, Shruti? Your line is open, do you have questions for the 
management? 
Shruti:  
My question was answered, thank you!   
Kapil Singh:  
Linda, I’ll take some questions from the question queue. So, one question, this 
is from Raghu, on the BEV traction motors, can you talk about the status of 
product 
readiness 
for 
4-wheelers, 
and 
possible 
timelines 
for 
commercialization?   
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sat, do you want to comment? I would say premature right now, is what I 
would say, but Sat, do you want to add?  
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
I agree with you, Vivek. It's premature right now and we are still working on 
some of the designs and validations. 
Kapil Singh:  
Then one question is, how do you see EV growth for CY 25 in major markets? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Oh, that's a very broad question. And I have to be a forecaster. Actually 
Kapil. I mean this, I thought analyst had to answer this, not people in the 
industry, we know our orderbook, we don't know industry, everybody. But I 
think this, so my guess is as good as anybody else's. But I think China will 
continue to electrify very strongly. The Chinese EV guys may just sweep and 
a lot of the legacy OEMs who are foreign, I think they will struggle a lot in 
China, especially the European OEMs. I think US, we don't expect a lot of EV 
volume growth. Europe, there should be EV penetration growth but then the 
total market also has to grow, hopefully that, there is some recovery. India 
should actually interestingly be one of the fastest growing EV markets in our 
view, one low base, two just the amazing range of new models that are being 
launched through this calendar year. I think there is going to be a very high 
EV uptake in India. Actually, the more and more and this is obviously 
completely anecdotal, the more and more people I talk to, the, there is a 
strong preference to buy EVs and I think a lot of our OEMs in India have done 
a fantastic job of launching affordable electric vehicle models in the car 
space. Two wheeler space is doing fairly well. Three wheeler is coming to a 
stage where they don't even need any subsidy and they might just go 100% 
electric like very, very soon. Buses, light commercial vehicles, ditto the same 
logic. It's just becoming economically a better option. So India, China, Asia, 
in particular to electrify much faster, the US to be slow. Europe depends on 
the overall market, but penetration should continue to deepen. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
Kapil Singh:  
One more question is there, update on PLI. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Oh, ok, Rohit, can take that but we've got all the approvals on all our motor 
models. It is a more of accounting question, I think. Rohit?  
Rohit Nanda:  
So, PLI, we've actually last time also updated, essentially the approvals and 
all are in place and the PLI disbursement for the current year will happen in 
the next financial year. So, so far it's not there in the PnL. We'll decide as to 
how we want to account for it depending upon the milestones and all. So 
yeah, so this is where we are. I don't think there is any major change from last 
time. Because now approvals and all are all out there in the public, you can 
actually find those approvals on the government website. 
Kapil Singh:  
Will you consider accrual basis accounting, or this will be based on the cash? 
Rohit Nanda:  
We are evaluating it. So, I mean, it's not a decided thing as yet, but this is 
something we are seriously evaluating. So we'll inform you know once the 
final decision on this is taken. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah. So once again, Kapil, a good question and obviously, we know from 
people such as yourself that there are companies in our industry, especially 
OEMs, who already started accounting for it, frankly from Q1 itself. We weren't 
sure and we have that debate, that one is accounting for accuracy. So that 
can only be achieved when 100% disbursal has happened and you receive 
money, right? But the second is to avoiding the lumpiness and giving, 
uncertainty and this quarter to quarter imbalance because it will only come 
once in every year. So we are debating, there are obviously pros and cons 
to both approaches. So we are discussing, we'll also have to discuss with our 
auditors on how because it is a new thing. I know a couple of people have 
been, I would say conservative, a couple of people have been not so 
conservative. So there are different approaches to how to recognize PLI 
revenue. But from the approval side, from the regulatory requirement side, 
from what we need to do in order to get it, all of that has been done, but 
that I thought was already public domain knowledge. 
Kapil Singh:  
So, do we have a follow up Linda, can you check? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  While you're doing follow up, there is a question in the Q&A queue from Asha 
about the software that goes into the component. I think we shared a while 
back that there are about 2 million lines of code that go into this on what we 
make for ClearMotion and it is in house. We have a software team, we have 
in Chennai, that is where it is done and we do not outsource anything core, 
there are repeatable things that you outsource to ER&D companies, but 
those are non-core and non-critical parts, but very little most of it we develop 
in house because it is application software, it controls the hardware that we 
make and hence we are the best place to write the controlling software for 
it. Yeah. So that was one question. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
Moderator:  
Hi, we have another question for Prateek Poddar. Hi Prateek, your line is open, 
please go ahead. 
Prateek Poddar:  
Yeah, hi, thanks for the opportunity. So just two questions. One is while I 
understand you talked about model refresh and inventory destocking, 
typically at the production level that shouldn't happen. Right? I understand 
at the retail level. That was question number one. The second question was 
just to add on Jay’s question. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sorry, Prateek, I will answer this, otherwise I'll forget what your next question is. 
No, it will have a production thing, right? So let's say you are launching a new 
refresh model, won't you stop the production of the old model completely? 
It isn't a retail thing. It is actually far more from the production side. You have 
to stop the line of the running model and only start building the old one. But 
for that, in the selling side, you have to get rid of whatever is the existing 
inventory, and do not produce any of the old ones. While the new ones you 
introduce first in smaller quantities and then you ramp up, right. That's why 
that word ramp up of new model. That is, literally every time that is how it 
happens, actually, production has far more of that impact because you go 
to zero, you don't even like, go down, you go to zero for a limited period of 
time, let's say 45 days or something. And then you start building the new 
vehicle again. 
Prateek Poddar:  
Fair enough to understand that this catch up of loss of production of 45 days 
should be covered in the next calendar. That's a fair understanding then? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, yeah, Prateek. I actually said that. In the first two quarters we should 
get it back, now exact month to month, you know, it gets harder. And we are 
trying to get this news, because it's negative, out before, otherwise this is just 
like it's just started so we don't even know when it goes, the curve goes back. 
But we have the schedules, as I said for March, so it is already coming back 
to normal in March. Now, how, so let's say it goes to zero, then it builds up to 
20-40, then it will be months in which instead of doing 100% you will be doing 
120 - 130%. But, from quarter, I can't. 
Prateek Poddar:  
Surely. No, no, I'm not looking for that. The second question was just on Jay’s 
follow up. I think you still are saying that with inorganic acquisitions, doubling 
of revenue in three years is possible despite, you know, we, I mean, there is a 
bleak outlook, at least on the, on the car industry side, right? So, that's a fair 
understanding? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  It is, but you have to say not each point to point, but yeah, we finished our 
first one in FY24, first three years, so FY24 to FY27. Yes, obviously there can be 
5% up down but that much, even we don't have, you know, foresight, but 
you know, far more than car everybody focuses because a car is the cooler 
thing to talk about also in our industry. People should notice this commercial 
vehicle off highway is far more concerning actually right now. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you and then the next question for Sachee. Sachee, your line is open, 
please go ahead. 
Sachee:  
Hi, can you hear me? Ok, great. I'm so sorry to belabor this point on the 
demand for EV but just a couple of data points like the US has cut down some 
of these on EVs and in Europe, Chinese EV makers are eating European EV 
makers for lunch. In that context, why should we not expect some of the EV 
plants to basically shut down? Both from US OEMs and European OEMs. And 
why would that not be a risk to the orderbook? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sorry, whose plants are shutting down? 
Sachee:  
So given that in the US, the EV subsidies have now been basically, you know, 
removed. So some of the traditional OEMs that were, you know, that did have 
EV plants and EV programs in the US and in the European context, European 
OEMs are completely unable to compete with the pricing and features of 
Chinese OEMs. So why should we not expect some of these EV programs to 
shut down in the medium term? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah. I don't know whose EV programs are shutting down or not because, 
you know, again, I have very limited ability to read the future. But what I can 
tell you is what we are seeing and hearing from customers. We fortunately do 
not supply much to European EV makers in China. So yes, that is happening, 
but we don't have any exposure there. In the US and this is again completely 
speculative because we don't know what is actually going to happen. I think 
the pure EV makers will actually do quite well. However, the legacy guys who 
were starting new EV programs will probably suffer or get challenged. We are 
in most of the pure EV makers in the US, if not all. Anybody significant, we 
would be a part of and in the orderbook, there is not that many from legacy 
OEMs new programs to actually affect the overall trajectory. Yes, there could 
be a risk but it's not that major and Chinese OEMs like I said, we right now 
have no exposure. It is, I would at least like to look at it as an opportunity to 
gain some market share to lose is not much because I know what you're 
talking about. But those European EV makers who are struggling in China or 
in Europe, we don't have that much share there. So not that much to lose. 
Sachee:  
Understood. Have you, I mean, this probably, you know, illustrates my 
ignorance more than anything else but given that you have found a spot on 
the table with some of the legacy OEMs in the US or European OEMs have 
you been able to or is there a possibility to convert some of those relationships 
to supply to the ICE side as well? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, Sachee, a good question, but actually, we were already there as supplies 
to the ICE models. So in fact, and I don't want to sound callous, but in a world 
where the legacy guys continue to make and sell a lot of ICE and the EV guys 
continue to make EV, that literally is the best possible outcome that I can 
hope for. Because in the ICE model, we have a much, much larger market 
share of the legacy guys. You know, our starter business is basically North 
America oriented, supplying to ICE models and hybrid models. So if they do 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
well in that, we benefit a lot and let pure EV guys, we only supply EV products. 
They do well in EV, that's a great outcome. I don't know if this will play out 
exactly like it is. But if it does, we actually will, that is the best possible outcome 
of this entire debate. 
Sachee:  
OK. And just one final point on Chinese OEMs where you have nothing to lose. 
But you know, you, there's an opportunity to gain market share. Are you 
outside of the duties because you mentioned there's a 10% that is a 10% 
differential, but you would be trying to gain market share there like, you know, 
or you would be trying to gain a new OEM or new EV OEM, if you see what I 
mean. Would you try to displace somebody from existing EV OEM or join 
hands with a new OEM? Where do you see that opportunity? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Without tipping our hands too much because you know, transcripts are read 
by all people, including our competitors. Of course, we as an ambitious 
company which likes and lives for growth, we’ll try to get market share from 
everywhere we can. That includes China and that includes all the major 
carmakers in China. We will of course want it, how well can we execute on 
it? Time will tell, and like I said, it's a little premature but we have to, it is just 
too large an opportunity to ignore. And we've been trying, let's see. So and 
that, that's about China. But if you also notice I think, you know, as well, we 
have not focused on the East at all right. In the last 10 years, which is the first 
decade of my stint here in this company, we have grown by focusing almost 
exclusively on the West and India. That's it. We did not actually even increase 
or do too many products apart from if you can call it EV two wheeler, three 
wheeler, traction motor that was specifically made for India. We have not 
been making products also which is towards the east, Japan, Korea, China. 
So Chinese, Japanese, Korean, all these 3 OEMs also we must target because 
we are getting down to that point. See when we started, we were at 2%-3% 
market share in each category. Even just by trying to focus on West, you can 
get it to a significant number. Today, we are 8.8% of the world. If we want to 
take it to 20% we can't do it by saying half the world we will not service. So 
yeah, there is a strategic shift in our focus that we will now not solely focus on 
West. We will do East plus West, we will focus on all of transport, which means 
India does come back into play as a fairly important market for us. The 
railways move was also part of this shift in thinking that if we have to grow 
and fulfill our ambitions, we cannot leave half the world unserviced. We need 
to continue to build there too, so a slightly long winded answer. But I hope I 
can share how we are thinking. 
Sachee:  
Yeah, this is very good and I think it's a great note, like 20% market share, if 
that's where your eyes are set, then I obviously wish you all the very best. 
Kapil Singh:  
Vivek, I'll take the last question for the day. This is on the suspension motor that 
we have just about started building. If you could give some details about the 
IPR that we have developed for the suspension motor, as a layman, if you 
could explain what, what is the difficult part here. And then secondly, what 
would be our share of business when we supply to ClearMotion and can the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
order come faster? Because the first product always seems to take longer for 
the R&D. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So the third part, I'll answer, which is the more commercial part, of course, 
you need the first launch to happen as in any other industry when people see 
the product on the road. Like today, I could show you a video, right, that 
made life so much easier, in 2021 when I was trying to explain to the world 
what the product is, it was so hard. We had to actually make a wire frame 
animation to even illustrate and even that was lost. Most people thought it 
was something comparable to what German luxury carmakers had. And it is 
so different only when you see them side by side can you actually know that 
five times latency and what it means? So, yes, of course. Now the snowball 
effect starts and that's why I said three years is what we think it will take 
because whoever, now starts engaging the typical 32-month development 
cycle will follow. So, 3-4 years that’s a good time frame and there are of 
course confidentiality issues so we can't share too much about commercials 
and pricing and these things. But as I can say, we are a large proportion of 
the bomb here. You saw the product, you saw what we make, I mean, 
physically you can see it is a large part of it, right? Sat can though, I don't 
want to steal the limelight from Sat and Praveen, if they should talk about 
how difficult it was because not just is the part new, the equipment to make 
it also, in some cases didn't exist, we had to make the equipment also for 
making the part. So Sat and Praveen, have got this done. So let them talk 
about it. 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
So Kapil, I mean, from the product perspective, I mean, it is AUTOSAR 
compliant, which is the highest in the auto industry. It is FuSa SLC compliant. 
The response time for this motor is less than a millisecond which Vivek talked 
about the latency. It's a very, very compact motor. I mean, with the copper 
content is very, very high in a very, very small size but was available to us to 
develop this motor. It's an integrated motor and controller. So you have one 
motor with a controller and inverter sitting on it. And as Vivek said, I mean, it's 
more than 2 million software lines there and to make it AUTOSAR compliant, 
you need to be very, very sure that, I mean, both from the machine design, 
hardware design and software design, you have those provisions in, in the 
design itself to create a backup for any failures. It's a combination of a motor 
and the hydraulic module. So we haven't done as a group, we haven't done 
this product and it's a very, very compact, very, very high, highly efficient, 
suitable for connected vehicles, electric vehicles. I mean, the current 
product is going on the electric vehicle and it’s, you can use it for ICE 
vehicles, for hybrid vehicles and electric vehicles. So that's the advantage 
you have. I mean, it's you can use for any applications whether it's a four-
wheeler, whether it's a sedan or whether it's SUV or MUV. So very, very 
compact and very highly efficient motor design, we have. Praveen, anything 
you would like to add. 
Praveen Rao:  
I think you have covered all of the points. The few additional emphasis would 
be on being a very small package motor, the ability to handle high 
temperature, high pressure is all the more important and high vibration 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
because the whole purpose of this product is to contract the vibration from 
the road. So the ability for this motor to sustain that high level, the vibration. 
So all of the IP relates to the a lot of development work, as Vivek said in the 
last many years. Of course, packaging it in a very tiny box to put it under the 
wheel, so that is the biggest challenge we had. 
Kapil Singh:  
And on the share of business Vivek, can you comment on the share of 
ClearMotion? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Currently it's only us. It's, we developed it together. So yeah, as things grow 
and ClearMotion hopefully becomes a massive company. Who knows? But 
right now, it's just us. 
Kapil Singh:  
Thank you all. It was the last question of the day. Thanks for joining this call 
and Vivek, I will pass it back to you in case you have some closing comments. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  No, no. Thank you so much everyone for attending. I mean, as you know, we 
are a company that culturally puts bad news first and tries to get that. If it's 
good news, sometimes we go super conservative and keep it to ourselves till 
it's all done. But I hope we build a business that is also remembered for how 
we communicate, how transparently we act and how honest we are with our 
shareholders. So that is all. And yeah, thank you so much. See you next 
quarter. 
Kapil Singh:  
Thanks to the team of Sona Comstar for joining this call. And Linda we can 
close the call. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Thank you everyone for joining today's call. Have a 
good evening. You may drop the line now. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
