January 31, 2025
The Secretary
BSE Limited
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Fort
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 531595
The Secretary
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No- 'C' Block, G Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai – 400 051
Scrip Code: CGCL
Sub: Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements),
Regulations, 2015, regarding Q3 FY25 Earnings Call - Transcript
Dear Sir /Madam,
Further to our letter dated January 09, 2025, intimating schedule of the Earnings Conference Call on
January 27, 2025, to discuss the Company’s Q3 FY25 Earnings, we are attaching herewith the transcript of
the said Conference Call.
The above is for your information and dissemination to all the stakeholders.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
for Capri Global Capital Limited
Yashesh Bhatt
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No.: ACS 20491
Encl.: As above
Yashesh 
Pankaj Bhatt
Digitally signed by Yashesh Pankaj Bhatt 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=6864, 
2.5.4.20=b3e7ea901c9a729b6569714909dc8
63465c42a6ccee67d63a046221ffe69079d, 
postalCode=400101, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6cf397ef478005ac82073195c
ebc3c26bc9eaf314477eccca9d035912ec460
db, cn=Yashesh Pankaj Bhatt 
Date: 2025.01.31 12:48:04 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13  
 
 
Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call  
January 27, 2025 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. PARTHA CHAKRABORTI, CFO 
MR. SANJEEV SRIVASTAVA, CRO 
MS, DIVYA, DIRECTOR BUSINESS STRATEGY 
MR. HARDIK DOSHI – CORPORATE FINANCE & INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
                
 
         
 
 
 
 
 
Indian Numbering System Legend 
₹ 10 Lakhs  
 
= ₹ 1Mn 
₹ 1 Crore  
 
= ₹ 10Mn 
₹ 100 Crores  
 
= ₹ 1Bn 
₹ 1 Lakh Crore  
 
= ₹ 1Tn 
 
NOTE:  
1) 
This transcript has been edited for lucid reading. To that extent, this is not a verbatim transcription of the audio 
transcript.  
2) 
Factual correction/s are superscripted at relevant places in the transcript and are explained in footnote/s.  
3) 
Wherever needed, emphasis is added in brackets (in italics) for better clarity. 
 
 
 

 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q3 FY25 Concall Transcript | January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Capri Global Capital Limited Q3 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
the operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hardik Doshi from Capri Global Capital Limited. 
Hardik Doshi: 
Hello everyone and welcome to Q3'25 Earnings Call for Capri Global Capital Limited. This is 
Hardik Doshi, Head, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. As a brief disclaimer, the 
discussion on today's call regarding Capri Global Capital Limited's earning performance will be 
based on judgments derived from the declared results and information regarding business 
opportunities available to company at this time. 
 
The company's performance is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause 
results to differ materially in future. Given these uncertainties and other factors, participants on 
today's call may observe due caution while interpreting the results. The full disclaimer is 
available on the Slide 42 of the earnings presentation. Participants are requested to take note of 
the same. 
 
Let me now introduce the participants on the call. With us today on the call, we have Mr. Rajesh 
Sharma, Managing Director of the company; Mr. Partha Chakraborti, Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Sanjeev Srivastava, Chief Risk Officer; Ms. Divya, Director- Business Strategy.  
 
I now request our Managing Director, Mr. Rajesh Sharma, to present the opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Good morning, everyone, and I hope you all are doing very well. We declared our unaudited 
financial results for 3Q FY '25 on 23rd Jan 2025. And I hope you had a chance to go through 
the earnings presentation, which is available on our website. 
 
As you all know, we continue to serve underpenetrated and unbanked customers in high-growth 
segments with substantial untapped market potential while maintaining a strategic focus on 
building a retail franchise with secured loan book. We are a diversified NBFC with presence in 
MSME loans, housing loans, gold loan, construction finance. We continue to further diversify 
ourselves by expanding our product offering. 
 
In the last quarter, under our MSME loan segment, we launched Micro LAP, a small ticket 
secured loan product for self-employed customer, and launched Rooftop Solar loans. In addition 
to growing our interest income, we are also focusing on increasing share of fee income through 
insurance distribution and car loan originations. We continue to invest in technology as we 

 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q3 FY25 Concall Transcript | January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
believe that our digital-first approach and superior technological processes will be the key 
differentiator, enabling us to serve our customers better and faster than our peers. 
 
I shall now move to the commentary on business and earnings performance. Please refer Slide 
3, 4, 5 and 6. We maintained a strong growth momentum in 3Q FY '25, with our AUM reaching 
INR20,663 crores, an increase of 54.6% year-on-year. This growth was primarily driven by a 
growth of 196% year-on-year in gold loans and 31% in housing loans. In addition, our Micro 
LAP segment has already touched AUM of INR157 crores in 2 quarters. Our disbursement 
touched INR5,839 crores during the quarter, reflecting a 52% year-on-year growth. 
 
Our retail AUM constitute over 80% of our portfolio. Our co-lending AUM continued to surge 
during 3Q FY '25 and stood at INR3,681 crores, comprising 17.8% of AUM, compared to 8.9% 
in Q3 FY '24. We have further strengthened our relationship with nine bank partners, increased 
co-lending lines and the acceptance ratio of the loans compared to a year ago. We expect to 
continue this momentum in co-lending as an efficient tool for high ROE accretion and liability 
management. 
 
We continue to build a well-diversified portfolio for our MSME and housing loan, with average 
ticket size of INR20 lakhs. Our MSME AUM including Micro LAP loans reached INR4,968 
crores, up by 4% year-on-year. And housing loan segment AUM reached INR4,586 crores, up 
by 31% year-on-year. MSME and housing finance together continue to constitute 46% of our 
overall AUM. With our plans to open new branches for these segments and focus on underserved 
market, we are confident that our MSME and housing loan portfolios will deliver robust and 
sustainable growth in the coming quarters. 
 
Our gold loan AUM increased by 196% year-on-year to cross INR7,092 crores supported by 
our extensive gold loan branch network of 776 branches across nine states and union territories. 
These branches are scaling up and have achieved a productivity level of INR9.1 crores AUM 
per branch, with over 65% branches having reached the vintage of more than INR5 crores AUM 
per branch. We are confident that our expanding reach and co-lending partnerships will continue 
to fuel sustainable growth and further strengthen our position in the Gold Loan segment. 
 
Our Construction Finance AUM increased by 65% year-on-year to cross INR3,742 crores, 
driven by strong demand in real estate sector and pipeline of new affordable housing projects. 
Our disbursements in Construction Finance for 3Q FY '25 stood at INR822 crores, up 51% year-
on-year. We continue to maintain a granular book in our construction finance segment, with 
over 287 projects and average portfolio ticket size of INR13 crores. In construction finance, our 
focus will remain on residential projects within the affordable housing sector and smaller 
projects. 
 
Now in regards to earning performance, let me now provide an update on our core earnings. Our 
yields and spreads expanded further in the quarter to 16.7% and 7.3%, respectively, primarily 

 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q3 FY25 Concall Transcript | January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
on account of increase in yields for housing finance to 12.9% and Gold Loan to 20.6%. Our net 
interest income for third quarter FY '25 reached INR347 crores, marking a 41% year-on-year 
increase and, for 9 months FY '25, reached at the INR953 crores, marking a 30% year-on-year 
increase driven by margin expansion and robust growth in our loan book. 
 
We continue to focus on non-interest income, with its share in total income at 25.1% in 9 months 
FY '25. Our non-interest income comprises of 3 components: car loan distribution fees, co-
lending income and insurance income. Our non-interest income was INR319 crores in 9 months 
FY '25, up by 20% year-on-year, supported by co-lending fee income of INR112 crores, net car 
loan origination fee of INR72 crores and net fee income from insurance of INR39 crores. 
 
We have scaled our car loan origination network within a very short period and now a 
meaningful player in this segment, with Pan-India presence of 811 locations in 31 states and 
union territories and 12 partner banks and financial institutions. Our car loan origination in third 
quarter FY '25 was INR2,972 crores, up by 16% quarter-on-quarter and 5% year-on-year. 
 
On the insurance distribution front, we have tied up with 18 insurance companies and expected 
to generate more than INR60 crores of net fee income for FY '25. We anticipate this strong 
foundation will sustain the impressive growth trajectory of our non-interest income. As a result, 
our total income for third quarter FY '25 was up by 30% year-on-year and, 9 months FY '25, up 
by 28% year-on-year. 
 
Our branch network expanded to 1,066 branches in third quarter FY '25, and employee base 
increased to 11,022, up by 13% year-on-year. We opened 70 new branches exclusively for our 
Micro LAP segment. Following our significant investment in branch expansion over the past 3 
years, we are now focusing on bringing more efficiency and productivity, effect of which has 
already started to reflect in our cost-income ratio, which improved to 58.3% in third quarter FY 
'25, down from 64.3% in second quarter FY '25 and down from the peak of 70.5% in fourth 
quarter FY '24. We expect further reduction as we see benefits of operating leverage accrue in 
coming quarters. 
 
As a result, our pre-provisioning operating profit increased significantly to INR189 for third 
quarter FY '25 and INR480 crores for 9 months FY '25, up by 46% year-on-year and 39% year-
on-year, respectively. 
 
As regards asset quality, our credit cost for third quarter FY '25 was at INR18 crore, a modest 
increase of 4.8% quarter-on-quarter, whereas for 9-month FY '25, it declined by 6.5% year-on-
year and was INR82 crores, which translates to 0.7% of loan book. Gross Stage 3 ratio stood at 
1.7%, and Net Stage 3 ratio stood at 1% in third quarter FY '25, an improvement of 40 basis 
year-on-year in both. We continue to maintain a healthy PCR on Stage 3 loans of 39.4% in third 
quarter FY '25. 

 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q3 FY25 Concall Transcript | January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
As regards capital adequacy and liquidity position, we continue to maintain a strong liquidity 
position of more than INR2,000 crores through cash and cash equivalent and undrawn credit 
lines across CGCL and CGHFL. During third quarter FY '25, we got new credit lines of 
INR1,025 crores sanctioned for CGCL and CGHFL. Our capital adequacy ratio for both CGCL 
and CGHFL remains strong and stood at 22.9% and 29.3%, respectively. 
 
As regards profitability, our efforts over past two three years to diversify our business and 
income stream is now yielding results as seen in third quarter FY '25 performance. Our 
consolidated net profit saw strong increase and stood at INR128 crores for third quarter FY '25, 
up by 88% year-on-year and 32% quarter-on-quarter, whereas our profit for 9 months FY '25 
stood at INR301 crores, up by 53% year-on-year. We reported an annualized return on average 
asset of 2.8% and annualized return on average equity of 12.6% on third quarter FY '25, up by 
0.5% and 2.8% quarter-on-quarter, respectively. We expect this to continue to improve going 
forward. 
 
As regards technology, our technology initiatives, including our in-house-developed LOS, Flex 
Cube LMS, Pragati Sales app for customer onboarding, CollectXpress app for managing 
collections and Capri Grahak app for customer engagement are now extensively used by our 
sales and collection staff for managing the customer loan journey and end-to-end digitally and 
is helping them further improve their efficiency and productivity. 
 
We continue to refine our data science-based business rule engine and underwriting scorecard, 
which will help us with better customer risk profiling and selection and offer risk-based pricing, 
thus improving our log in-to-sanction ratio. This, in combination with our detailed collection 
dashboard for real-time monitoring and AI/ML models for identifying early delinquencies will 
help us monitor our collection efficiency and asset quality. 
 
Lastly, our focus on real-time system and driving improvement in TAT, enabling us to meet our 
customer expectation faster through hassle-free and timely disbursement digitally. As regards 
ESG, Capri Global has established a robust ESG framework, aligning our policies with 
international standards and ESG guidelines. 
 
During the quarter, we also secured S&P Global Corporate Social Sustainability Assessment 
Score of 49, exceeding the industry average of 30. On the financial inclusion parameter, we 
secured a score of 75, ranking us in the 99 percentile of the industry. Additionally, we published 
our business impact report, Echoes of Progress, highlighting our achievement in financial 
inclusion and sustainable growth. 
 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks. We shall now take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Satyaprakash Pandey from Haitong Securities. 

 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q3 FY25 Concall Transcript | January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Satyaprakash Pandey: 
Yes. So my question is the MSME AUM presented includes small business loan and Micro 
LAP. Could you provide a detailed breakdown of the same? Additionally, why has the MSME 
loan book not grown at the same pace as other segment? What measures are being planned to 
enhance its growth? Yes, this is my question. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So as regards to our MSME, which comprises of MSME secured by collateral, small business 
loan and also Micro LAP. So Micro LAP is only INR157 crores, small business loan is about 
INR42 crores, and MSME is about INR4,769 crores. This segment will start showing better 
growth in next year because we'll be adding more branches here. And our Micro LAP, which is 
now 70 branches, will also start adding the numbers. 
 
So, a combination of both addition of the branches and more focus on Micro LAP now going 
forward in terms of the growth. And the growth will be back in MSME segment also. We will 
start showing the growth next year onwards. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kushagra Goel from CLSA. 
Kushagra Goel: 
Yes. So congrats on a good set of numbers. So I have 2 questions. One is just around your Gold 
Loan portfolio. So I'm seeing that the LTV is quite high around 71%, 72%. So I just wanted 
your thoughts regarding this. Is that a concern area? And what happens in case Gold Loan prices 
drop, right? So if you could just give some color regarding that? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, gold loan portfolio, if you see, the maximum permissible LTV is around 75%, and the 
competition alsohave LTV in the range to 71% to 75% only. Gold being very liquid, I think 
these are very healthy levels of the LTV levels. And even with the auctions and the NPA cases, 
we are able to recover fully. So these are very safe LTV levels, and across industry, everybody 
operates in this range. 
Kushagra Goel: 
Okay. Sure. And my second question is regarding your borrowings. So can you just tell us what 
is the mix of fixed and floating rate borrowings? Also, if you could share your expectations as 
to how cost of funds will move in the next 3, 4 quarters and if there are any plans to diversify 
our borrowing? That's all. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
All the borrowings, except less than 5%, are on the floating basis. Similarly, we are able to pass 
on any floating rate increase also to our customers. So our borrowings are by and large, in 
floating basis. 
Kushagra Goel: 
Okay. And do you expect them to have topped out in this quarter? Or how do you see that 
moving? 

 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q3 FY25 Concall Transcript | January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We expect now interest rate cycle should remain here and not go up. In the best, it might remain 
here for some time before it starts falling down again, but we don't expect the interest rate to go 
up. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Akshat Maniyar from Anand Rathi. 
Akshat Maniyar: 
So my first question was on the lines of co-lending AUM. So, what are your expectations going 
forward, especially it seeing very good growth momentum? And what are the current structure 
arrangements of the co-lending that you have with the banks? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, we have co-lending partnership with all our three products, MSME, affordable housing and 
the gold loan. And we are working with almost nine banks where different products are 
partnered with them. Currently, about 18% AUM is under co-lending, and we should be able to 
maintain at that level. So, co-lending will be in the range of about 18%-20% kind of going 
forward as well. 
 
And banks are quite comfortable. So I think these limits will keep getting. We will see whether 
we can increase a slight bit. But even though these are very healthy level, if we can maintain it, 
conserve our capital and our ROE is very, very high in the co-lending. 
Akshat Maniyar: 
Okay, sir. And my second question will be on the Micro LAP segment that you just entered. So 
what are your key takeaways from this segment? And how do you plan to use it to basically 
broaden it into the rural areas? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So there are two aspects of it. One, we launched 70 branches to start the Micro LAP because we 
were always doing MSME. The next level of expansion, our existing MSME branches, which 
are in the range of about 150-plus. Within that, we'll identify which are the branches we can 
start the lending this Micro LAP also. So those branches, we just need to put the team, and we'll 
save the cost there. So next April onwards, we are going to make a plan to start Micro LAP those 
branches besides other expansion in the Micro LAP. 
 
The advantage here is, the yield is good. And within our ecosystem of overall supervisory-level 
technology in place, on cost basis, cost-income ratio will be much better. Costs will be lower 
when we combine it with our existing MSME branches. 
 
So overall, it will fit into our scheme of things of the collateral lending to those customers who 
are not serviced by the bank. So, we believe that for the next 4 to 5 years, this will give us a 
good growth and also it is a high-yield product along with the security. 
Akshat Maniyar: 
And sir, lastly, if you could provide some insight on the competitive intensity and the macro 
environment that we are seeing a slowdown in the sector. 

 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q3 FY25 Concall Transcript | January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So if we see competition-wise, I think retail lending business will always have a competition. 
There was competition yesterday and there will be competition going forward also. But this will 
drive on operational efficiency, coupled with the backing by technology and data science 
capabilities. And that is where we are investing. 
 
Only way to create the difference is how we are able to achieve a better turnaround time, how 
we are able to predict the better asset quality, how do we automate a lot of processes so we 
reduce the dependence on manpower. And also, the requirement of the people has gone down 
and productivity is higher. 
 
So with all these measures, I think within the competition also, we should be able to do well. If 
you see our trend, our growth is coming, and now quarter-after-quarter, if our cost-income ratio 
goes down, you will see significant uptick in the ROE as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sohail from ULJK Group Financial Services. 
Sohail: 
I wanted to ask a question about what's happening at the ground level with the loan collection 
officers, like perhaps you could give some light on the attrition rate over there. ] 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, your question is related to the attrition in the team member of the collection team. So, our 
collection team is quite stable in the sense on the ground because we had a good collection 
efficiency, good technology and also the incentive plan. So, it is less than 20%. 
Sohail: 
20%. I see, I see. And I had another question regarding the construction finance book. So lately, 
we have seen a huge growth in this segment. But previously, we had faced a lot of defaults in 
this segment. And any particular steps you are taking to see this from happening again? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
First of all, our construction finance is also done in a retail way. Our average ticket size is INR13 
crores on a portfolio basis. And if you see, our INR3,700 crores portfolio is spread across 275-
plus projects. It is not that we are giving INR200 crores, INR300 crores sanction. Most of the 
sanctions are less than INR25 crore. So these are smaller projects. 
 
Plus, in any case, real estate sector is doing well. The demand of housing is doing well. So we 
are seeing that sales are happening, and this segment is offering a low operating cost, a good 
profitability model. Now it's more than 12 years, we are doing it. And even including the few 
write-offs, our yield is high, even though we account those losses. 
 
And hardly, we have seen any delinquency. And collectively in last 10, 12 years, we haven’t 
seen the NPAs more than INR250 crores when we would have lend more than INR12,000 crores. 
So it is a very strong, stable team that we have and a very deep ground understanding which we 
have. 

 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q3 FY25 Concall Transcript | January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shalin Kapadia from IIFL. 
Shalin Kapadia: 
So I only have one question. So we have heard from some of the competitors that they have 
started offering gold loans as EMI-based product with monthly EMIs. So is this something that 
you have also heard from regulators and is mandatory to offer? And also, if it is so, then how 
does it impact your growth or asset quality? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So gold loan always have various schemes, including monthly repayments. So that is not 
something new. Neither there is any direction from regulator . Regulator never say what should 
be a product. Regulator always say, your compliance requirement are A, B, C, D, you can do it. 
How you design your product, they don't guide us, but there's no instruction or circular on that 
as such. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rohit Shinde from Market Memories Wealth Advisors 
Private Limited. 
Rohit Shinde: 
So sir, my first question is with a target of INR30,000 crores AUM by FY '27, what strategic 
initiatives are being prioritized to achieve this milestone? Can you share your guidance for asset 
quality and profitability as well? And which segment or geographies do you expect to drive 
growth in the near term? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So we are not focusing on growth without being mindful about the asset quality. Asset quality, 
we intend to keep net NPA not more than 1%, and that's the philosophy we will continue to do. 
As regards the growth from where it will come, the growth will continue to come from our 
existing segment of gold loan, MSME, micro LAP, construction finance affordable housing. 
 
Now for the further growth, we'll add a few more branches. And with that, I think to reach from 
INR20,000 crores to INR30,000 crores, it should not take us a longer time. You can guess that 
from the kind of growth we are seeing, it should be achievable before. More than that, market 
offers that opportunity. There's a huge gap still there, and there's a big addressable target market 
which exists in these segments. 
Rohit Shinde: 
Yes. Sir, the second question is, as you transition towards becoming a technology-driven NBFC, 
can you share some recent advancements or digital initiatives aimed at improving customer 
experience and streamlining operations? How is technology being utilized to expand our reach 
into rural and underserved markets, sir? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So I wanted to say that we are indeed a technology-led NBFC. While we operate in the segment, 
which are in an informal segment, but our all processes are digitized and automated. So even in 
the gold loan, I just want to take two minutes. When the customer walks in, in our branch, he 
has to just bring the gold ornaments, and no paper is required. He is onboarded with his Aadhaar 
OTP or face recognition. 

 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q3 FY25 Concall Transcript | January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
 
His PAN is verified. And once he offers the ornament, we weigh the ornament and check the 
purity. Ask the customer to download our app and customer is given their colored photograph 
through the app of its ornament along with the weight and the most important terms and 
conditions including rate upfront, etcetera. 
 
Once he says he's agreeing with whatever scheme he wanted to choose, we send him the OTP-
based agreement, which is signed through OTP. And then amount is disbursed in his bank 
account or the payment wallet. So there's zero paperwork involved even in the INR30,000 loan 
taken by a person who doesn’t know how to sign. So that way, we have gone very deep with 
technology. 
 
And because of this automation across affordable housing, MSME and everything, our growth 
is doing better. We are doing better than the competition plus our data analytics team is able to 
now predict the customer behavior not only for the repayment, but also what kind of customer 
target and which category we should service. 
 
So definitely, technology is the way forward. This is not a one-time. This is for ongoing basis. 
We have set up a tech center, which is in Gurgaon. We have 125-plus engineers and 25 data 
scientists. Our data scientists are across Bangalore, Pune, Mumbai and Delhi. 
 
So, we are building that up, and it's going to be a regular feature. This is not one-time. So we 
keep enhancing our offering for our team and our customers. And going forward, our turnaround 
time, which has come down in all the segments, will continue to be better, outperform the 
competition as well as it will improve the productivity, thereby bringing our cost-to-income ratio 
much lower. It is a sign of better productivity. 
Rohit Shinde: 
And sir, in your goal to develop a INR1,000 crores loan book in Rooftop Solar financing, could 
you elaborate on your collaboration with Credit Fair, which we did previously, sir? And how 
will this partnership enhance the speed of loan approvals and disbursements within the solar 
financing sector? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So INR1,000 crores AUM is not the target for 1 year. INR1,000 crores target will be in the 
period of next 4 years or so, and it will be governed by the government subsidy scheme. So, so 
far, government subsidy scheme will remain, there will be a strong demand for this product. 
Having government focus on the renewable energy where the subsidy is up to 75%, I think 
there's a great demand here. We have now launched the pilot product. And now we will scale 
this in the coming year. And we will see how fast this grows. This is a part of MSME in any 
case. 
Rohit Shinde: 
And sir, finally, a small question is regarding your advertising and marketing expenses. So what 
was the budget you had for this fiscal year? And how much is it remaining? And is there any -- 

 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q3 FY25 Concall Transcript | January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
going ahead for the next few months or next year, any basically color you can throw on the 
advertising and marketing expenses? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So we have a budget of about INR15 crores for marketing, which comprises of radio, which 
comprises of hoarding, which comprises of newspaper, which comprises of the media. So 
combination of this INR15 crores is our budget. And till 9 months, we have already spent about 
close to INR10 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dr. Pradeep Kaushal from Royal Global University. 
Pradeep Kaushal: 
Yes. So, in the beginning of the presentation, you told that you are going to focus less on the 
opening the branches. Rather, you will focus more on the business. So can you elaborate this 
particular point you made in the beginning? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So now we have 1,066 branches. Our branch expansion will happen across MSME, affordable 
housing, gold loan and micro LAP. And when you want to grow, the growth will come, from 
the growth of existing branches and also entering the newer market. For next year plan, we will 
plan by March. And then from June onwards, we'll start adding the branches. So far, we have 
not firmed up how many exact branches we'll be opening. But definitely, about 100 to 150 
branches we intend to open. But that plan is yet to be firmed up in exact numbers. 
Pradeep Kaushal: 
So what I suppose, sir, from the voice spoken by you just now that you are going to open maybe 
100 to 200 branches per year in the coming years? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So next year, yes. Next year, we are going to open anything between 100 to, 200, but we make 
our budget in the month of February and till mid-March we finalize, when we keep our meeting 
with all the business heads internally and go to the Board for that. So that exercise is still pending 
to arrive at the exact number. But yes, every year, if you see the past track record, we have kept 
adding branches year after year. 
Pradeep Kaushal: 
Okay. That sounds great. And I want to know what is the reason behind such a kind of a strategy? 
And how it is going to impact the profitability in the future? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So branches, when we open, we have to grow them, then we have to add more branches in terms 
of newer markets. And the branches, depending on product to product, initially, they take some 
time to break even. Some MSME branches take 3 to 6 months, and gold loan take about 12 to 
15 months. And after that, they start contributing, and start adding to the profit. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for their 
closing comments. 

 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q3 FY25 Concall Transcript | January 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So as we look ahead, we see significant market potential across all our business segments, 
MSME, micro LAP, housing, gold loan, construction finance and see us continue to deliver 
industry-outperforming growth while expanding our spreads. We will keep investing in artificial 
intelligence and data science capabilities and empower our sales staff with the latest digital app, 
which will help them serve our customers faster and with better cost efficiency. 
 
Given all our book is secured and granular, we feel quite comfortable of keeping our credit costs 
and asset quality under control. On the liability front, we continue to deepen our lender 
relationship and feel comfortable of securing additional credit lines with a better pricing. We 
remain confident of achieving our earlier guidance of INR30,000 crores AUM by FY '27 and 
delivering mid-teen ROE by then. 
 
Thank you, and we look forward to seeing you all again in fourth quarter FY '25 results call. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Capri Global Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
