 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
Sharda Centre, Off Karve Road, 
Pune - 411004, Maharashtra, India 
Tel.  +91 20 6601 8100 
techmahindra.com 
connect@techmahindra.com 
CIN L64200MH1986PLCO41370 
21st January, 2025 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code : 532755 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, 
Plot No. - C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol : TECHM 
 
Subject:  Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended 31st December, 
2024 – Regulations 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI 
Listing Regulations”) 
Ref:  
Intimation of earnings conference call vide letter dated 07th January, 2025 and 
audio recording of earnings conference call vide letter dated 17th January, 2025
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In terms of Regulations 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the quarterly earnings conference 
call of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024, held on Friday, 
17th January, 2025 after the meeting of the Board of Directors for your information and records. 
 
The text transcript is uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at the weblink:  
https://insights.techmahindra.com/investors/tml-q3-fy-25-earnings-transcript.pdf 
 
This intimation is also available on the website of the Company at the weblink: 
https://www.techmahindra.com/investors/ 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Tech Mahindra Limited 
 
 
 
Ruchie Khanna 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
Ruchie 
Khanna
Digitally signed 
by Ruchie 
Khanna 
Date: 2025.01.21 
18:59:09 +05'30'

 
 
“Tech Mahindra Limited Q3 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MOHIT JOSHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, TECH MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT ANAND – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, TECH 
MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. ATUL SONEJA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, TECH 
MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. RICHARD LOBO – CHRO, TECH MAHINDRA LIMITED 
 
 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tech Mahindra Limited Q3 FY’25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
We have with us today Mr. Mohit Joshi – Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Tech 
Mahindra; and Mr. Rohit Anand – Chief Financial Officer, Tech Mahindra. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing "*” then "0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Joshi – M.D. & CEO for Tech Mahindra. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Mohit Joshi: 
Thank you, operator. I am joined here today by our CFO, but also by our Chief Operating Officer, 
Atul Soneja; and by our CHRO, Richard Lobo.  
Good evening, everyone. And I hope your year is off to a great start. Thank you for joining us today 
as we discuss the company's performance for the quarter ended December 2024. With the turn of the 
year, we hope that the New Year will bring additional opportunities for all of us. It is not just the turn 
of the calendar year though, but it's also the completion of a year since I took over as the CEO of 
Tech Mahindra. And as I reflect on the previous year, I am reminded of our commitment to delivering 
value to our clients and stakeholders, and how the more than 150,000 Techmighties have rallied to 
deliver to that commitment.  
So, if you ask me, where are we on the journey? To think of the ground, we have covered in 2024, I 
was reminded of the words of Daniel Ek, the CEO of Spotify, because I feel that this is very similar 
to my sense of where we are. And Daniel had said, where we set out to be, if not a little bit further 
and on the steady path towards achieving our long term goals. We are particularly focused on 
improving our growth capabilities and our revenue mix in order to meet our growth aspirations by 
FY27, and we are making concerted efforts to improve our organization and to drive productivity 
gains and price optimization to achieve a 15% EBIT margin by FY27.  
For Q3 FY25, we report revenues of $1.567 billion, which translates to a constant currency growth 
of 1.3% on a year-on-year basis and a constant currency growth of 1.2% for the sequential quarter. 
The steep currency movements through the quarter have impacted the reported numbers. Adjusted 
for these fluctuations, we saw healthy revenue growth in Communications, BFSI and Healthcare and 
Life Sciences. In terms of regions, we see pockets of demand across our prioritized markets of North 
America, Europe and APJ.  

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
We report new deal wins of $745 million for Q3 FY25 on the back of several large and multi tower 
deals in the Telecom and Manufacturing sectors. On an LTM basis, our deal wins have improved to 
$2.4 billion in Q3 FY25.  
Among the key deal wins is a global mandate for network transformation and delivering Network-
as-a-Service to one of the world's largest chemical manufacturers. The project involves service 
delivery from our capability centers across various countries. This deal will lead to a very innovative 
managed Network-as-a-Service project, leveraging the power of netOps.AI and multi-country 
delivery capabilities.  
We have onboarded a new logo in Europe where we have been chosen by a large telco as their 
strategic partner for consolidation and accelerated transformation of their digital, IT and network 
ecosystem. TechM has an unmatched depth of expertise and IP in the telecom vertical. While we are 
expanding other verticals for a balanced revenue mix, we are committed to maintaining our 
leadership in the telecom vertical and serving new and existing clients.  
TechM was selected by one of the largest communication service providers in North America to 
provide frontline customer experience services and to help clients achieve operational efficiencies, 
while providing enhanced services for its customers by leveraging our BPS capabilities.  
Another large European telco has chosen TechM to simplify and modernize their network, IT and 
service operations, including driving autonomous operations using GenAI. This deal is a tangible 
example of tailoring automation and GenAI solutions to vertical specific needs.  
We have also been selected by a leading European automaker to support their core applications and 
infrastructure operations. Despite challenges in the automotive sector, we see opportunities to support 
clients by leveraging our unique capabilities. In addition to the above, we have seen healthy deal 
wins in the Technology, Media and Entertainment space, and encouraging progress in the BFSI and 
Healthcare and Life Sciences verticals.  
While these new deal wins will help us scale our priority verticals, we have made sure to chase quality 
over quantity. I am really proud to announce that we have on boarded 40-plus new clients from a 
must-have account so far in the current fiscal year, of which 12 were onboarded in the December 
quarter itself. Over two dozen accounts from this must-have list have now crossed a revenue run rate 
above $1 million annually. And we have won six large deals from the must-have accounts in the 
current year. We will continue building a high quality and a scalable client base that can contribute 
to our long-term growth.  

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
We have also reported EBIT margins of 10.2%, which is about a 60 basis points expansion from the 
last quarter despite the steep currency headwinds and the ongoing investments. We attribute this gain 
to efficient delivery, pricing excellence and cost optimization under project Fortius.  
As we progress on the transformation journey that we have embarked on, we also attract the best 
talent in the industry. Last quarter, we welcomed Sumit Popli as the Head of Technology, Media and 
Entertainment as Harshul Asnani transitions to lead the European business. Sumit comes with a track 
record of success for over two decades in transforming international businesses across various 
industries.  
We also welcome the senior industry leader as the head of client delivery and operations in Europe, 
and other industry veteran as the global head of cloud consulting. We are on boarded two experienced 
CIOs in the US and Australia, respectively, to bolster our consultation practice in the telecom space. 
We have expanded the leadership teams for our cybersecurity and risk management practice, our 
Salesforce practice, and our Microsoft applications practice. We have created a large deal solutioning 
team comprising of superstar deal makers who will identify and oversee complex multi-tower deals 
throughout the deal life cycle.  
And just as we build a team of the best-in-class talent, we also invest in strengthening our partner 
ecosystem. We have forged several new partnerships to enhance our capabilities and to expand our 
service offerings. We announced the establishment of a Center of Excellence powered by NVIDIA 
platforms to drive advancements in sovereign large language model frameworks, Agentic AI and 
physical AI. Based on TechM’s optimized framework, the COE leverages the NVIDIA AI enterprise 
software platform to offer customized enterprise grade AI applications to help clients adopt agentic 
AI in their businesses. The COE also uses the NVIDIA Omniverse platform to develop connected 
industrial AI digital twins, and physical AI applications across various sectors including 
Manufacturing, automotive, telecom, healthcare, banking and financial services.  
TechM has also entered into a partnership with ServiceNow for the integration of the One E2E 
platform. This will enable businesses to enhance operational efficiency and competitiveness by 
integrating Gen AI capabilities in critical processes and modernizing the infrastructure using 
TechM’s global capabilities. We are seeing momentum in our ServiceNow practice bolstered by our 
investments in this ecosystem and by the client adoption of the ServiceNow platform, which in turn 
is partly driven by our clients’ deep interest in AI.  
We have collaborated with Universal Scientific Industrial, a global leader in electronic design and 
Manufacturing; and in SiP – ‘System in Packaged’ technology to establish their first engineering 
offshore development center in India to accelerate innovation in smart device engineering. The 
collaboration will provide scalable solutions, accelerate time-to-market and deliver innovative 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
advancements to drive the future of connected devices, additive manufacturing, connected vehicles, 
and augmented and virtual reality.  
We assigned a multi-year strategic collaboration agreement with Amazon Web Services to develop 
an autonomous network operations platform built by TechM on AI ML and GenAI services powered 
by AWS. The platform enables customers to transition the network operations from an on-premise 
infrastructure to a real time proactive and preventive model operating on a hybrid cloud. This 
enhances speed and efficiency by accelerating the implementation of network services on the one 
hand, and reducing the time required for infrastructure maintenance and repairs on the other. TechM’s 
offerings in this hybrid cloud space can enable clients to make the foundational moves needed to 
achieve tangible returns from ML and GenAI.  
We recently announced the launch of TechM agentX, a comprehensive suite of GenAI powered 
solutions designed to drive intelligent automation and enhance efficiency for enterprises globally. 
Through these solutions, enterprises can automate complex business, IT and data tasks, improving 
productivity by up to 70%.  
I think a testament to our capability building efforts is the recognition that we received from industry 
analysts. I am happy to announce that we have improved our position in analysts rating top quadrants 
from 81% to 88% for the same period this year. Some notable recognitions recently are, for instance, 
TechM is positioned as a Leader in multi-public cloud services 2024, consulting and transformation 
services for the UK, the Nordics and the US by ISG. We are positioned as a Leader in advanced 
analytics and AI services 2024 data modernization services by ISG. And as a Leader in Everest Group 
Quality Engineering Services for AI applications and systems PEAK Matrix 2024. 
In the 3rd Quarter, TechM garnered encouraging accolades and recognitions, including the three that 
I will mention over here. TechM has been recognized for the best mobile banking app under the 
vendor category by the Digital Banker Global Retail Banking Innovation Awards 2024, highlighting 
TechM’s outstanding contributions in the digital transformation of lending and collections businesses 
in both consumer and commercial loans. We have been ranked number one in India and number two 
globally in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, DJSI 2024. I am really proud of this because this also 
goes to show the huge focus that TechM and the Mahindra Group has on sustainability.  
Before I pass it on to Rohit, I would like to express my gratitude to our employees, to our clients, to 
our partners and to our shareholders for their continued support and trust in our company. Together, 
our efforts are bearing fruit, and together we will seize the opportunities that lie ahead.  
I now invite Rohit to take you through the financial performance in more detail. 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
Rohit Anand: 
Thanks, Mohit. Good evening, everyone. I wish you a very happy New Year. 
Let me begin with an overview of the Company’s Financial Performance for the quarter.  
We ended the quarter with revenue of $1,567 million, which is a growth of 1.2% quarter-over-quarter 
and a growth of 1.3% on a Y-o-Y basis on constant currency. Q3 was a quarter where we encountered 
major cross-currency headwinds due to which the reported revenue was down 1.3% Q-o-Q and 0.4% 
Y-o-Y. Translating this in rupee terms, the revenue was Rs. 13,286 crores, which on a reported basis 
is a decline of 0.2% and an increase of 1.3% on a constant currency basis. And similarly on a Y-o-Y 
basis, in rupee terms, the growth is 1.4% on a reported basis.  
This quarter, the growth in revenue was led by BFSI vertical at a 2.7% Q-o-Q sequential growth, 
followed by healthcare and life sciences at a 4.5% constant currency growth. Communication 
business grew marginally positive at 0.4% in constant currency terms. Manufacturing vertical 
declined by 2.5%, mainly due to the pressures that we are seeing in the automotive segment, including 
Pininfarina. We reported an EBIT of $159 million, or in rupee terms, Rs. 1,350 crores, which is an 
increase of 4% over the previous quarter and a resultant EBIT margin of 10.2%, an expansion of 60 
basis points despite the currency headwinds.  
The margin expansion is driven by operating leverage from the continued savings that we worked 
towards the project Fortius. The other income in Q3, and you compare that to the previous quarter, 
there is a reduction which is driven by one time item exceptional of the land sale proceeds that we 
had announced in the last quarter of $54 million.  
When you look at the tax rate, the effective tax rate for the quarter was 23.8%, while low for the 
quarter, the YTD number is 26% as the range that we had mentioned for our expected ETR to be 
26% to 27%. When you look at the profitability number at a PAT level, it's $116 million, which in 
INR terms is Rs. 983 crores. The profitability margin for the quarter is 7.4%, which on a sequential 
basis went up by 80 basis point adjusted for the land sale proceeds last quarter. And from a dollar 
operating PAT perspective it grew by 9.9%.  
When you look at the free cash flow, we had a robust free cash flow of $199 million, which translates 
to 172% of PAT conversion. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the quarter was $799 million, 
or in rupee terms, Rs. 6,841 crores. We look at the DSO including unbilled, we were at 88 days, 
which is a reduction of six days on a sequential basis and an improvement of three days on a Y-o-Y 
basis. Some of the improvement is attributable to the exchange rate movement, but operationally, the 
reduction is significant from a Q-o-Q perspective. And this is, I am happy to report, this is one of the 
lowest DSOs we have seen as we continue to generate operating cash flow in the business, but by 
improving our processes across the company. 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
When you look at the total hedge book, we stood at $2.1 billion for the quarter, as against $2.3 billion 
last quarter. And basis on our hedge accounting, the mark-to-market loss for the quarter was $4.7 
million, out of which $0.7 million was taken to the P&L as gain, and the rest was carried as losses of 
$5.4 million towards balance sheet.  
The net new deal wins as Mohit mentioned was $745 million, which was an increment on a quarter-
over-quarter basis. And the good part for the deal wins was, it was originating from our priortised 
verticals and the regional markets.  
While we continued to expand margins, we have also made significant investments as I mentioned 
earlier, driving long term sustainable growth, right, and margin expansion. Some of these I would 
like to summarize are in the areas of generative AI capability build in terms of training tools 
partnerships. Recent example is TechM agentX, which is a comprehensive suite of GenAI powered 
solutions, designed to drive intelligent automation and enhance efficiency for enterprises.  
We continue to consistently induct freshers to address long term pyramid change from an 
organization perspective, and also supplement that with a learning and development platform, both 
physical as well as from a software perspective.  
We also are investing in building service line capabilities in modernizing tools and platforms for 
delivery excellence. This all is in addition to the efforts we are making towards investment and shift 
of revenue mix through our investment in prioritized verticals and markets.  
So, to summarize, this quarter we delivered growth in EBIT margins and operating PAT, both on a 
sequential and Y-to-Y basis, resulting from targeted actions under Project Fortius. Along with a 
steady increase in new deal wins and getting operating focus on the working capital, right.  
With that, I will take a pause and pass it on back to you for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Hi, Mohit. Congrats on a good all-round performance. We have seen a steady buildup of net new 
deal momentum over the last couple of quarters. This, combined with the change in strategy, does 
that give you confidence of meeting industry average growth in the near term on a sequential basis 
maybe, given that Y-o-Y numbers may take some time to reflect? 
Mohit Joshi: 
Look, again, on the large deals space, I think this is an important metric because we have also been 
very focused from a quality perspective to make sure that we are only getting the kind of deals that 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
we want to do. But even with that qualification, if I look at the numbers, we moved from 381 in Q3 
to 500 to 534 to 603 and now to 745. So, I do feel that this build up that we are seeing in large deals, 
obviously there will be a ramp up time and there will be sort of a transition period. But I do feel 
confident that it will allow us to first catch up with, and then to deliver higher than peer average 
growth which we have committed to in FY27. So, it is certainly a step in that direction. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
And your deal wins reflect and also one of your larger competitors called it out that there is a renewed 
interest among global telecos in upping discretionary spends. So, finally, can we call out an inflection 
point in the comms vertical? 
Mohit Joshi: 
Look, I think the comms vertical is a little bit complicated, right. So, if I think of it from an Asia 
Pacific perspective where we also have a large comms business, I do feel that we are seeing growing 
momentum in that portion of the business. From a Europe perspective again, the space is highly 
competitive, but I would say it is stable to improving. In North America, especially for some of our 
largest clients. We continue to see challenges from a discretionary perspective. So, I would really not 
want to declare victory so quickly. But I do feel that the opportunities for further deterioration are 
limited, and we have reached a point from which we can see improvement.   
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
And lastly in terms of the broader demand outlook, let's say compared to where we were 3 to 6 
months ago, so any characterization that you want to do for the coming for this quarter? That's it from 
me.  
Mohit Joshi: 
So, look I think you know because we think quite deeply about this point because so much of our 
revenue is dependent on the macro situation and what the overall enterprise tech spend is. I would 
not say that there has been any sort of major shift from a 3-month period or from a 6-month period 
also. But I would say on the whole if you look at it from a calendar year perspective, 2023 was 
probably the worst, 2024 was an improvement over 2023 and we feel that 2025 will be an 
improvement over 2024. But it is an incremental improvement. It is not sort of a V shaped recovery 
but we do see that 2025 should be better than 2024. It’s a calendar year characterization, yes.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois from Deep Dive Equity Research.   
Rod Bourgeois: 
Thank you for your commentary so far about the GenAI activities that you're pursuing. I wanted to 
ask, do you have GenAI related offerings or capabilities that you currently see as being particularly 
differentiated and actually actively having impact in the market and with clients?  
Mohit Joshi: 
Obviously GenAI but AI more broadly is possibly the hottest topic for the past year and change. And 
let me answer that question in two ways. First, how are we thinking about GenAI? And the way we 
are thinking about GenAI is obviously first from a client perspective, how do we create the horizontal 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
and the vertical solutions that help answer the challenges our clients are facing? So, the horizontal 
solutions are obviously in terms of developer productivity, in terms of HR and talent, in terms of 
cyber security, in terms of contact center transformation. And then there are obviously vertical 
solutions created for each industry. Now these solutions obviously rely on a significant network of 
partner solutions whether it's the hyperscalers or the you know the chip manufacturers that we are 
working on. So, that's one piece of it. And the second piece is our own R&D. So, that's how we are 
thinking about the GenAI environment more broadly. What is differentiated from a TechM 
perspective, I would point out to a couple of things. I think the first is that were the first player and 
really the only player to start building out among our SI counterparts to start building out sovereign 
large language models. And I think it's very important that we are the only player that has the 
capability to build large language models from scratch that is not relying on existing model 
frameworks. I think that's a really powerful capacity that has given confidence to our teams and 
confidence to the markets. We have since moved from these LLMs to creating small language models 
and tiny language models. Customers really find the relevance of these models in small use cases. 
They allow customers to solve fairly specific problems without using up too much of compute or 
carbon. And we have started winning deals over here. So, let's say you want to figure out maybe a 
search functionality on an executive's desktop without relying on an external maybe a ChatGPT type 
agent. So, that's an example of a small language model or a tiny language model. We are also 
obviously creating domain industry specific SLM. So, that's the first piece. I think the second piece 
is our push on GenAI also includes the movement towards chips and ensuring the models that we 
build, they run well on the chips as well and we have got amazing partnerships with chip companies 
to take these propositions to our customers. Agentic AI is a huge focus area just now and we have 
released our Agent X frameworks which uses a multi agent workflow suite to take care of these 
agentic based AI needs. So, that's I would say is the third observation I want to make. And the fourth 
piece is from an innovation and from an R&D perspective. We have been working to make sure that 
AI is more explainable because neural networks obviously still don't provide reasoning and causal 
references. So, we are researching this and developing points of view and use cases on Neuro-
symbolic AI to bridge this gap. And again, hopefully this gives you a sense of the intense R&D 
efforts that is going in our Lab space. Finally, I'll mention that AI is now infused into everything that 
we do. So, for this board meeting, for instance we are in our Chennai center, and we just opened up 
a Manufacturing center of excellence over here and hopefully some of you on the call will have an 
opportunity to come and visit this. And when you see our demos and our solutions, whether it's for 
process manufacturing or for industrial manufacturing or for aerospace and defense or for auto, these 
solutions really whether it's at the shop floor or for customers, all of these solutions have AI 
embedded and infused into them. So, it really is getting into each and every one of our solutions and 
I believe that this is providing the differentiation from our peer group. Sorry a bit long worded 
answer. But just want to give you a deeper sense of the framework that we are thinking of and the 
point solutions that we are developing.   

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
Rod Bourgeois:  
And I want to ask as a follow up, just a big picture about your transformation journey. You're now a 
few quarters into that journey and in pursuing your Fiscal ‘27 targets. So, there's progress on that 
journey that we can actually see so far in your growth and margin results. But at the same time there's 
still considerable progress that you need in order to reach those targets. So, I want to ask if you can 
give us a sense of underlying progress that you're making internally that we may not be able to see 
from the outside. And it would be great to know any particular remaining opportunities that are 
especially important in reaching those Fiscal ‘27 targets.   
Mohit Joshi: 
So, look I think when we think about the transformation journey that we announced in April of last 
year, first we came up with an overall strategic narrative which is Scale at Speed. We announced a 
new organization structure which essentially meant that we were moving to a global service line 
model. And we announced a plan to the markets which was a plan for revenue which is about the 
focus on our largest clients, the focus on must have accounts, the focus on balancing our portfolio 
from a geo perspective and from an industry perspective, the focus on large deals. We announced a 
plan for margins which is about fixing our pyramid, getting better rate realizations and other 
interventions including automation and a plan for the organization which is about the culture shift of 
the organization of focus on talent development and we said that this plan will deliver certain 
outcomes. And the outcomes were in terms of margins in terms of growth and in terms of return on 
capital and we said we would do this all organically. So, if you think about it the organization 
structure is now in place. It has started to get bedded down. Almost every quarter we have been 
talking about some of the top talent that we are attracting, and this talent is really meshing together, 
aligning well because the goals are so clearly articulated. And I feel that that will give us a significant 
lift in the future. The plan for the revenues that we have has meant that there has been an intense 
focus on our largest customers. And you're seeing this in the fact that our growth of our largest 
customer portfolio is exceeding the growth for the company despite the challenges that we have in 
some large telco clients, the must have focus as I shared in the earnings sort of pre-statement earlier 
today, shows that we have added more than two dozen clients that have given us more than a million 
dollars in revenues and these are must have clients typically organizations with over $5 billion in 
revenues. But obviously you will see a lot more of this in the future. You have seen the large deal 
momentum sort of proceed at a steady pace from a 300 million-odd number to a 500 million to a 600 
million and now to a $745 million number. You're seeing the progress that we are making in terms 
of our BFSI growth. And I expect that over time all of these factors, portfolio rebalancing, by vertical 
portfolio rebalancing, by geography, the growth in our sort of focused service lines like engineering, 
like data and AI, like digital enterprise applications will start to gather steam. You have seen the sort 
of the steady movement in revenues that we have declared over the past three quarters, the steady 
expansion in margins, the very clear focus that we have as a well aligned executive team. And I 
expect that these will pick up over time. These are still early days in our transformation journey but 
like I said, we are very happy with the progress that we have made. I feel it's a little bit like an iceberg. 
You can thankfully see the tip of the iceberg, you can see the top 10%, the 90% below it is the one 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
that gives me a huge amount of confidence that we are building momentum towards achieving the 
FY27 goals. We are completely focused on that, and we want to make sure that we do it consistently 
and not a single sort of blip in FY27. We will see continued and consistent progress towards the 
FY27 goals as we move ahead.  
Rohit Anand: 
Maybe Mohit I can add a few points which drive a little bit more sustainability in our goals that we 
are trying to drive which is very important, improve investment in the tools on the delivery side, 
investment in the tools on the people supply chain side, investment in learning and development. 
These are all long-term sustainable investments that we are putting in to make sure that it's not just 
an FY27 story and goes beyond that. So, that's very important. Similarly, to couple that operational 
plan Rod, we are also combining that closely with the finance transformation. As you can see our 
closure cycles from a result perspective have moved from somewhere around 25th to now 17th. We 
keep on pulling that better including incorporating and integrating the portfolio companies. Our plan 
was integrating the portfolio companies to the core organization. The front-end commercial 
integration is mostly done. Now the system and the back-end integration is in progress. It's all those 
infrastructural investments that we are doing is also very important which as Mohit mentioned, 
probably not visible but some flavor that we can provide you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ruchi Mukhija from ICICI Securities.   
Ruchi Mukhija: 
I had a couple of questions. First, we heard 3 of the 6 deals that you discussed are from telecom 
vertical. Do you see uptick in telecom deal activity as an enduring one trend when you look your 
pipeline or client conversation?  
Mohit Joshi: 
Yes. So, look I think again there are always headwinds and tailwinds. But yes, you know client deal 
activity in telecom is growing. But I would again stress that a lot of it remains sort of consolidation 
and cost focused rather than incremental discretionary spend at this time.  
Ruchi Mukhija: 
We saw now for two quarters; your other vertical is showing traction. Could you specify what is 
driving growth here?  
Mohit Joshi: 
So, look I think you know as we shared as I shared in my answer to Rod's question is, we have a very 
clear focus on the fact that we want to retain our leadership position in telecom and Manufacturing 
but also become a very credible challenger from a BFSI, from a healthcare and from a Retail, Energy, 
Utilities perspective. And so, we have created a global vertical structure in our service line 
organization and we have vertically focused geography teams. We are also creating a significant 
number of industry specific solutions. And I think this combination of the new structure and the focus 
on balancing the portfolio is giving us good growth and good momentum. Again, it's still very early 
days in our transformation journey. So, we are very far from declaring victory. But I feel very 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
confident that with the team that we have assembled together, the structure that we have created, the 
solutions that we are creating, the new clients that we are opening and the headroom for growth in 
existing clients that we will succeed in our efforts to have a more balanced portfolio over time. And 
proof of that is also coming up in not just only in client wins but also in some of the other accolades 
that we are receiving in the market. Just recently actually only a couple of days ago were selected by 
Temenos as their best partner. I think this is a remarkable achievement with a key ecosystem 
participant for us in the Financial Services space. So, we are seeing you know these recognitions 
have come thick and fast over the past 6 to 9 months.  
Rohit Anand: 
And Ruchi specifically to your vertical question, the other vertical as it's defined in the external 
reporting is a very small base. The improvement there was driven by a certain ramp up of projects 
that we had in the global public sector accounts which is an important focus for us as we move 
forward. So, that's some ramp up that gave that increment that you see for the last two quarters. But 
that's a very small portion of our business.  
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Coming to your P&L, the FOREX losses have been sizable for last two quarter. Will these forex 
losses interrupt assuming the current INR exchange rate prevail through the quarter, is that right way 
to look? 
Rohit Anand: 
I mean from a FX perspective you look there are 2-3 dynamics. If INR continues to depreciate against 
the US dollar, then from that aspect the hedges work the opposite way, and cross currencies are the 
bigger one. So, cross currencies while we have the hedging that flows in the other income but it's not 
given the steep decline that you see on a reported currency basis not enough to offset that. So, hence 
I think that's a fair assumption to have from the other income perspective, Ruchi. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
As I glanced through the accounts, I see provision reversal to the tune of roughly Rs. 470 million, is 
it right really?  
Rohit Anand: 
Yes. So, I think the way to think about that is as we mentioned on our margin expansion journey and 
the “Project Fortius”, one of the big focus for us is going to be improvement in fixed price projects 
and you can see that reflection in the headcount. So, if you see the headcount from an IT perspective 
that's gone down through the year despite us adding freshers. That we have done through the year. 
So, that's part of contract optimization reviews, productivity, automation that we have driven in fixed 
price projects as a result of and hence when we look at these contracts and certain tough one that we 
had on different geographies, once we optimize the cost and release the people the future outlooks 
better. Hence that helps us operationally drive improvements in those projects and hence helping us 
reverse certain adverse positions that we have.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities.  

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
Sandeep Shah: 
The first question is kudos for a consistent increase in a new business deal, TCV wins despite being 
selective. So, based on the investment, the pipeline of the orders, and improvement in client sentiment 
as highlighted some of your peers, one can expect this journey of uptick on a Q-on-Q basis may 
continue which helps us to commit FY27 being a better year.  
Mohit Joshi: 
FY27, yes. Look I think we have made very clear commitments about FY27. I do feel that the 
momentum is positive but again like I keep saying, it's too short a timeframe to declare victory. We 
are still in the early stages of our turnaround journey. Again, we have shown consistent improvement 
now for the past six quarters in terms of large deals and I do feel that capability and the muscle is 
building up in the organization and I feel that there is a greater credibility with clients and with 
partners as well. So, we are feeling good about the momentum. At the same time, we recognize that 
it is still very early days, and we need to continue on this journey for many more quarters to come 
before we can declare victory.  
Sandeep Shah: 
And just a related question, this increase of TCV wins in this quarter, can you throw some highlight 
in terms of nature of deal wins? Is it more cost take out vendor consolidation or some small size 
discretionary transformational deals are also coming into the bag?  
Mohit Joshi: 
That's a good question. So, I think you know the telco deals like I mentioned are largely consolidation 
and cost takeout type deals, from a life sciences perspective and from a Retail perspective, we are 
seeing S/4 HANA and broadly SAP ecosystem deals and data analytics deals as well. So, it's a little 
bit of a mix but the sort of the mix is still largely I would say cost and consolidation focused.  
Sandeep Shah: 
And question to Rohit, any decision on wage hike timing and the quantification and second what 
margin lever headroom you have still in terms of continuing this journey of a Q-on-Q increase in 
margins? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, from a wage hike perspective we have announced that to be in the current quarter Jan-Feb-March. 
So, that's the decision we have taken, I think that definitely will impact margins to the tune of 1%-
1.5%. And as we look at our journey towards operating improvement like we have delivered in the 
last quarter, we are enthused with the programs that we are running throughout the organization for 
continued expansion, even in the future quarters too, make sure that we deliver on various aspects. 
To name a few, as I mentioned our track on pricing and delivery led growth has yielded very good 
benefits. I think that the pipeline we see continue to be positive. So, that will continue to drive 
improvements for us. As I mentioned a little while back, the improvement on fixed price projects 
will continue as we improve our productivity, automation, drive various tools across the organization 
on those projects to be able to take cost out. I think there we again have significant actions to show 
continuous movement. I think those are some of the things and then we have some seasonality, where 
we see some return from a furlough perspective on toplines as well as margin and there is some 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
marginal seasonality, which has reduced overtime on Comviva business, so that helps from a Q4 
perspective. So, those are various actions, Sandeep that we are focusing on and making sure that as 
we look at the increments that operating actions work towards offsetting the impact there. 
Sandeep Shah: 
So, just the last question with 1%-1.5% headwind on the wage and the levers which you explained, 
you still believe most of this can be recouped in the fourth quarter? 
Rohit Anand: 
That is our endeavor, Sandeep that is the journey. So, as you think about it, your clear target for 
FY27, which is 15% and from an improvement perspective, the ideas as we get towards that goal, we 
have to continually expand our journey from a margin perspective, right. So, I think the endeavor is 
to make sure that we work towards setting that impact that we have. 
Mohit Joshi: 
And from a margin perspective, maybe I would like to ask Atul also to wane from a Fortius program 
and from a delivery perspective, some of the actions that we have been taking? 
Atul Soneja: 
Thanks, Mohit for that. And again, as Rohit and Mohit were talking about earlier, I think there is this 
journey, we obviously look at the operating levers that are continuously in focus to improve our 
margins quarter-on-quarter and offset some of the challenges that we will see based on the increments 
that we have decided for Q4. But again, if I look at it, there are obviously the operating levers that 
we look at. There is the use of technology, AI, automation, lean, etc., to offset some of the challenges 
that is an ongoing exercise and then as we were talking earlier as well as part of the strategy the 
operating efficiencies that we get by integrating the companies, the portfolio companies that we have 
planned for. So, that is a journey. We are obviously optimistic about the fact that we will be able to 
offset some of the seasonal challenges and continue on this journey of FY27, 15% EBIT that we have 
committed to. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
My question is on deal wins, if I understand correctly, we disclosed net new deals. I just wanted to 
understand the trends on the renewal portion of the deals, are we seeing healthy renewals? Are there 
any asks from clients for productivity pass through pricing, etc.? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, maybe I will talk about renewals and Mohit, you can mention about the net-new as well, some 
flavor to Abhishek. So, from the renewals perspective, Abhishek, I think we are seeing consistent 
trends. I think healthy renewal rate. There is obviously challenge at every renewal opportunity to 
pass on new technology benefits, right. So, I think that continues to be a discussion at each and every 
renewal that we do and I think some of the deal wins that we have announced, a part of that is a big 
renewal as well as incremental business that we got. So, that is a sign of excellent delivery capability 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
that we delivered on some of those clients, right. So, I think coming back to the point, the discussions 
on renewals are paying in the new technology benefits, but I think we are seeing a decent renewal 
rate from a trend perspective. 
Mohit Joshi: 
Yes, I think I just want to second what Rohit mentioned for instance, we announced a large deal win 
with a North America based auto manufacturer. Now, we have announced we included about 20% 
or 25% of that deal, which was net new, but obviously a significant portion of the deal which is not 
included in the $745 million number was a multi-year renewal as well. So, I think we are seeing good 
traction in renewals. We have an excellent delivery track record and as I mentioned in the past as 
well, we really have the most experienced team in the industry with an average experience of 9-10 
years, which really gives an immense amount of confidence to customers, especially since our 
customers view, our deep domain and technology and client relevant experience is very important. I 
think that is a key factor that allows us to be successful from a renewal perspective. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Next question is on margin journey, Rohit, I think when we started this transformation journey, we 
said that in the first year there will be $250 million of saving which is roughly 4% of the revenue 
offset by 1.5% of investment. In the 3 quarters since then, the margin has already expanded by almost 
300 basis points. So, is it fair to say that we are probably little ahead of what we set out on at the 
beginning of this journey and does that increase or improve the line of sight or the 15% target that 
we have? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, Abhishek, the way to think about it is from this year perspective, if you compare to last year to 
this year, there is some normalization also. We had certain one-time impacts which you normalize 
and get to a number and from there we have expanded more closer to the vision we had, which is net 
of investments. So, I think, if you think of the improvement from a saving perspective, broadly within 
line, what we thought, and the good part is the investments are also aligned to what our vision was. 
I think it is broadly there and as we look forward I think as Mohit mentioned, we are on track on 
what we envisioned in April, so to be honest, not ahead or not behind. So, as we move forward, we 
will continue to look at opportunities to get ahead of that plan, but as of now, we think we are on 
track. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
My first question is on net new deal wins. We have seen a very steady improvement. How would you 
characterize your pipeline now and your confidence to sustain this kind of numbers over the coming 
quarters? 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
Mohit Joshi: 
So, look, I think the improvement that we have had is a combination of two things, right. The first is 
we have expanded the size of the overall funnel. We have increased the size of the pipe and we have 
done that through investing in ecosystem, deal advisor partnerships, improving our relationships with 
advisory firms and also the sort of the new talent that we have bought in that is allowing us to reach 
a lot more of these deals, right. The second factor is important as well that we have improved our 
win rates. We have improved our contracting discipline. And I think the combination of these two 
factors is what is helping us to show this steady improvement in numbers. I think as of now, I am 
very confident with the capabilities that we have built up will allow us to continue being successful 
from a large deals perspective, but also I recognize that this is a lumpy business, right. This is a lumpy 
business. You will have quarter-on-quarter fluctuations, and it is not like we can go on for 3 or 4 
years without any bump in the road, but as of now, I am very confident to the capabilities that we 
have created organically are long-lasting and they will continue to give us expansion. We do have 
visibility obviously in this business for the near term and I feel quite comfortable with where we are. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
My second question is on partnerships, you have renewed your focus on expanding them, would 
there be any metric of what percentage of our revenues are attributable to a partner ecosystem and 
how would you compare this to where it should be on an optimal basis? 
Mohit Joshi: 
Look, I think the headroom for expansion with all of our key partners is huge, right. For instance, we 
are one of the largest partners for SAP from an implementation perspective and that business has 
been growing at a healthy clip. But when I compare ourselves with an Accenture for instance, right, 
there is a significant opportunity for us to expand further. Similarly, beyond the ISV space, if I look 
at the hyperscaler space, we have a very healthy partnership with Amazon, with Google and with 
Microsoft, but there is significant room for expansion over here. So, across the board, we do see 
significant headroom. We are in the top tier of partnerships with almost all of our partners and there 
is a degree of confidence that they have in the company, in the leadership team and the investments 
we are making. So, I do feel that increasingly a lot of our growth will be partner driven because it 
will be driven either by the hyperscalers or by the ISVs. This is a great business. This is a high margin, 
high-skill business and we really want to focus on growing this. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Last question on your margin progress, one of the key levers has been cost optimization. So, where 
are we in the journey of lowering our cost to serve and how has the client response been on those 
initiatives? 
Rohit Anand: 
We had Atul to wane from a client response standpoint as an endeavor to get the cost reduction. 
Atul Soneja: 
Yes, I think the way we are looking at it is obviously when while we are reducing the overall cost, 
our delivery excellence is paramount, right. And as we mentioned, we are seeing very good response 
from our clients with respect to the deep domain and technology competencies that we are 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
continuously bringing to the table. So, I think there is a good positive sentiment which obviously 
reflects in the deal wins that we have also announced this quarter. Overall, delivery excellence is 
paramount and that doesn't go because of the cost control. So, if you look at the operating levers that 
we have been speaking about, it is about improving our efficiency in utilization. It is about bringing 
in automation, lean, AI to the various fixed price programs that we were doing. It is about reducing 
our dependence on contractors. It is about bringing in pricing as a core discipline. So, if you look at 
all of these, these are actually almost helping our clients, are helping our overall delivery capabilities 
as well. And I believe we are in a healthy state where some of these operating levers we can 
continuously try to use as we look forward to the next few quarters and we will continuously try and 
optimize that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
So, Mohit again, harping on the very solid deal win number in this quarter. So, as we talked about a 
lot already on this call, three of the six large deals that we have won in this TCV suppose telecom 
segment, given that you mentioned the other pipeline as well, how sustainable do you think this deal 
win number is? Or do you believe there is still in fact more room for this number to grow given that 
we haven't had some other verticals which could potentially come in the coming quarters? So, just to 
understand where we are in the journey on this TCV and the potential numbers that we could probably 
look at in coming quarters? 
Mohit Joshi: 
So, look, I think if you look at the large deal space right, I would say that while we have given the 
narrative of the story around some of the deals and these are telco focused because we also wanted 
to make sure that people understood that the telcos in area where Tech M has remarkable strengths 
and we are looking to dig deeper into this sector. At the same time, the first deal for which we 
provided the details was the global chemicals manufacturer, right. In the context of this call, I spoke 
about on North America deal win that we had in the automotive sector. We also referred to deal wins 
that we had in Financial Services for instance including at least one core banking win, we have had 
wins in the healthcare sector, in the North America payer space. So, I would say that our deal wins 
are sort of quite widespread across regions and across verticals. The narrative around the deals, 
maybe just has come across as being telco focused and there is no doubt that telco is the largest sector, 
so that is where we have gotten to the most volume deal wins from. But the portfolio wins out of the 
745 is very widespread both across geography and verticals. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
So, it is not that we are looking at just the deal win numbers or let us say a concentration of some 
maybe inching up, you do believe there is a good enough pipeline for this number too continue for 
this? 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
Mohit Joshi: 
No, absolutely, look, I think like I mentioned, right, our endeavor is to make sure that we are able to 
show consistently improving trajectory of performance, right. The reality, though, is that from a large 
deals perspective, deals are a little bit lumpy. We do have decent visibility for the next 3-6 months 
and we believe that we have created capabilities that will allow us to deliver consistently, but for 
large deals, there will be a degree of lumpiness and a degree of volatility. But as of now, we feel very 
comfortable with our pipeline, with our win rates and with our capabilities. 
Rohit Anand: 
And this is considering the fact our filtering mechanism will continue to be strong, and we will 
continue to be selective, the iteration that Mohit that made on our deal choices, so that continues. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Just one last question from my side, you alluded to weakness in the Pininfarina business in 
Manufacturing vertical, how deep do you think the problem in the auto business is because some of 
your competitors have been calling out, the auto sector companies, especially in Germany are facing 
headwinds and the tech spends are likely to be modest, do you see this thing also in our business 
excluding Pininfarina as well? And do you see that continuing for some time to come? 
Mohit Joshi: 
So, bulk of the weakness that you saw in Manufacturing for this quarter, from a year-on-year 
comparison perspective really relates to Pininfarina, right. The Pininfarina business is a little bit 
lumpy because there is a Manufacturing operation there as well, right. So, part of the lumpiness is 
because of that. Actually, if you look at it as a company, aside from Pininfarina, most of our auto 
exposure is in the US and the US has been relatively sort of more shielded compared to European 
auto, so most of our exposure non-Pininfarina is to US auto and not to Europe auto. I feel that we 
have also over the past one year had a huge focus on building out the engineering side of our auto 
operations rather than only the IT side and we have seen some good progress there, including more 
recently with Japanese automakers as well, right. As you know, with Japanese automaker, it is a very 
long approval and a validation and a selection process. But we have made the leap for some of the 
largest Japanese automakers, and I am confident that we will be able to drive growth there as well. 
While the auto sector is pressured, it is a very significant portion of our Manufacturing revenue, the 
fact that we are looking to diversify our exposure across geographies and the fact that our exposure 
non-Pininfarina to European auto manufacturers is somewhat limited will hopefully give you a 
degree of comfort in that space. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
If I may just harp upon that slight more and pick up the point that you mentioned, given that the 
weakness in the European auto is quite visible at this point of time, is there a fundamental difference 
between the European and American automakers that makes you believe that the weaknesses that 
you see in European auto won't spill over to the US or the Japanese automakers at some point of time 
in the coming quarter? 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
January 17, 2025 
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Anything is possible. I am just telling you what we are seeing just on, but we do feel that look, if we 
have a diversified base rather than over dependence on a single geography, I think the long run it will 
stand us in good stead. If I include Pininfarina as well, we also have a good European auto presence 
we obviously have a strongest presence in North America and a growing presence in Japan. So, I do 
feel that a diversified base will help us because it is unlikely that we will see a simultaneous and 
equal hit across all the geographies, right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for any closing comments. Over to you, gentlemen. 
Mohit Joshi: 
Thank you, operator. So, I think in summary, we see the ingredients coming together in place that 
should make 2025 a period of further progress for Tech Mahindra. The company’s positioning is 
further improving due to the dedication and expertise of our talent combined with our capability 
investments and the organization change efforts of the past year. In addition, the overall demand in 
the services industry has shown stabilization with some areas showing possibilities for improved 
spending. Additionally, the acceleration of GenAI deployments across various industries and actually 
the AI deployment across various industries is likely to open up a plethora of possibilities for us and 
for our clients. Organizations of all sizes will eventually invest in technology to enhance their 
operations, improve customer experience and drive innovation. We are at the forefront of these 
innovations, constantly exploring new ways to integrate these technologies into our offerings and to 
tailor our offerings to deliver unparalleled value to our clients. In 2025, we will continue to invest to 
stay ahead of the curve and drive technology advances. We believe that by fostering a culture of 
collaboration and excellence, we can develop solutions that address the evolving needs of our 
customers and set new industry standards. Thank you all again and wish you all a wonderful 2025. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tech Mahindra Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. 
