 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  
Scrip Code - 543336 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 050  
Scrip Symbol – CHEMPLASTS 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call held on February 10, 2025 
 
In continuation to our letter dated February 4, 2025 please find enclosed the 
transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call held on February 10, 2025. 
 
Date & Time of occurrence of the event/information: February 17, 2025, 10.45 AM 
(IST) 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
The above information will also be available on the website of the company at 
www.chemplastsanmar.com 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For CHEMPLAST SANMAR LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
M RAMAN 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Memb No. ACS 6248 
 
RAMAN 
MAHADEVAN
Digitally signed by 
RAMAN MAHADEVAN 
Date: 2025.02.17 
16:27:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 10, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 10th February 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAMKUMAR SHANKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – CHEMPLAST 
SANMAR LIMITED 
 
 
MR. N MURALIDHARAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – CHEMPLAST 
SANMAR LIMITED 
 
 
DR. KRISHNA KUMAR RANGACHARI – CUSTOM MANUFACTURED 
CHEMICALS DIVISION – CHEMPLAST SANMAR LIMITED 
 
 
SGA - INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR  
 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Chemplast Sanmar Limited Q3 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on 
the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ramkumar Shankar, Managing Director. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
Thank you, Michelle, and good afternoon, everybody. On behalf of Chemplast Sanmar Limited, 
I extend a very warm welcome to everyone joining us on our call today. On this call, we are 
joined by our CFO, N. Muralidharan; Dr. Krishna Kumar Rangachari, who heads our Custom 
Manufactured Chemicals division; and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. I hope everyone 
has had an opportunity to go through the financial results and investor presentation, which have 
been uploaded on the stock exchange website and on our company's website. 
 
Our results for the current year show a marked improvement over the same period in FY '24, 
even though on an absolute basis, we still are reporting losses. The last couple of years have 
been challenging for the company due to dumping of product, especially of Suspension and Paste 
PVC resulting in margin pressures. 
 
Dumping of Suspension PVC, particularly from China and Paste PVC, especially from the 
European Union, have resulted in pricing headwinds, and the consequent impact on margins. 
However, domestic demand has been quite good with apparent consumption of Suspension PVC 
registering 11% growth on a year-on-year basis in the 9-month period April to December 2024, 
while Paste PVC registered a 13% growth over the same period. 
 
The total revenue for the first 9 months stood at INR3,195 crores, a growth of 11% on a year-
on-year basis. This growth was largely on account of better prices and margins in the PVC 
businesses and improved performance of CMC division. 
 
Coming to the specific segments. The Specialty Chemicals segment saw sales volume of 24.9 
kilotons, reflecting a 51% year-on-year growth for the quarter, while for the 9-month period 
April to December 2024, sales volume was 71.6 kilotons, a year-on-year growth of 35%. In the 
Specialty Paste PVC segment, continued availability of imported material at low prices, 
particularly from EU-based producers, resulted in lower realizations. 
 
Demand has been good with a 13% growth in the country in the first 9 months on a year-on-year 
basis. The provisional anti-dumping duty on Paste Resin announced on the 13th of June 2024, 
initially provided some relief, addressing dumping from China, Thailand, and Taiwan. However, 
this was soon replaced by increasing import volumes from Europe at very low prices, offsetting 
the benefits of the imposed anti-dumping duty. 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
A fresh anti-dumping investigation has since been initiated on imports from European Union 
and Japan. The new Cuddalore Paste PVC plant is being ramped up, and we expect to achieve 
full utilization levels in the coming quarter. On our custom-manufactured chemicals business, 
the multipurpose Block 3 Phase 1 commissioned last year has been ramping up well, and we 
expect healthy business from the host of molecules, which have been commercialized. 
 
The Phase 2 of MPB 3 was commissioned in December 2024. We expect to close FY '25 with a 
healthy revenue growth in the CMC business. As stated in the earlier calls, we have commenced 
work on building additional capacity, keeping in mind the growth pipeline. The pipeline of 
products under development is strong and is continuously growing with increase in new inquiries 
from customers. 
 
As stated in the earlier quarters, we see this segment to be the growth driver for Chemplast 
Sanmar in the coming years. There will thus be continued focus on this business with appropriate 
capital allocation for growth. The value-added chemicals business, encompassing caustic soda, 
chloromethanes, hydrogen peroxide, and refrigerant gas, witnessed mixed demand trends across 
end-user industries. 
 
Volumes for our value-added chemicals grew by 5% in the quarter and 24% over the first 9-
months of FY '25, driven by steady demand across diverse sectors. Chloromethanes faced price 
pressure due to increased domestic supply, while demand, especially for methylene dichloride 
and chloroform remained stable in key sectors. Refrigerant gas HCFC-22 sales declined due to 
imports and cheaper substitutes, though prices are expected to increase in the months ahead due 
to reduced quota in production for non-feedstock applications. Hydrogen peroxide saw strong 
competition, leading to price drops, especially in South India. Caustic soda demand remained 
stable with price fluctuations driven by global supply constraints and seasonal demand shifts. 
 
Moving on to Chemplast Cuddalore Vinyls Limited. Domestic consumption of Suspension PVC 
saw sequential growth after a soft Q2 due to the extreme monsoon. Industry has seen healthy 
demand growth, thanks to increased traction from housing, construction, irrigation, and drinking 
water segments. We remain positive on the demand side in the coming period as well. 
 
The extension of the Jal Jeevan Mission to 2028 announced in the recent union budget augurs 
well for Suspension PVC demand. Internationally, China continues to offer Suspension PVC at 
lower prices due to sluggish growth in their housing sector. Similarly, in the U.S., weak demand 
and excess capacity have led to surpluses being directed towards the Indian market, adding 
further pressure on PVC prices. 
 
We remain optimistic about the implementation of the announced anti-dumping duties on 
various countries. This measure will create a level playing field for domestic players and help 
combat unfair trade practices. On a marginal basis, as feedstock prices have been following PVC 
prices, the raw material margin remains strong. This bodes well for the industry once old 
inventories are depleted and prices stabilize. 
 
Looking ahead, with demand continuing to remain strong across the main products and the 
expected implementation of the announced anti-dumping duties, we expect the situation to look 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
up. The continuing strong performance of the Custom Manufactured Chemicals division also 
will add to the improved performance. 
 
Now I would like to hand the call over to our CFO, Mr. Muralidharan, to walk you through the 
financial performance of the company. Over to you, Murali. 
N Muralidharan: 
Thank you, Ramkumar, and a very good afternoon to all the participants on the call. Talking 
about the quarter 3 performance, the revenue for the quarter stood at INR1,058 crores, a growth 
of 19% on a year-on-year basis. Our EBITDA stood at INR32 crores compared to a loss of INR7 
crores in the Q2 of last year. The net loss for the quarter was INR49 crores, an improvement 
over Q3 FY '24, which reported a net loss of INR89 crores. 
 
Now coming to our segment-wise performance. Revenue from Specialty Chemicals stood at 
INR377 crores, which is almost a 100% increase on a year-on-year basis, driven by higher sales 
volumes from the projects that got commissioned. Value-added chemicals saw a marginal 
improvement of 10% on a year-on-year basis at INR154 crores. 
 
Suspension PVC revenue declined by 5%, amounting to INR527 crores. This is mainly due to 
buildup of some Suspension PVC inventory, which is expected to get largely liquidated in the 
Q4 of this year. 
 
Now coming to the 9 months highlights. During the 9 months FY '25, the company reported a 
revenue of INR3,195 crores with EBITDA of INR182 crores, registering a year-on-year increase 
of 11% on revenue and a sharp increase in EBITDA from INR5 crores in the previous year. This 
performance was largely on account of the increase in volumes on account of the projects that 
were commissioned, higher margins across almost all product segments, and the strong traction 
in the CMCD business. 
 
Employee costs for the period were higher, primarily due to the impact of Paste PVC and CMC 
projects commissioned, strengthening of the R&D and technical teams, senior-level hires, and 
increments. Increase in other expenses is primarily due to the higher power and fuel costs driven 
by higher volumes from the projects that were commissioned. 
 
The finance costs came in at INR174 crores, a 34% jump on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to 
interest costs on project financing. Net loss came in at INR56 crores for the 9-month FY'25, as 
against net loss of INR127 crores for the same period last year. 
 
Coming to the segment-wise highlights, Specialty Chemicals' revenue grew by 62% year-on-
year, reaching INR1,031 crores. This growth was primarily driven by higher sales volumes from 
the projects that were commissioned. Revenue from value-added chemicals stood at INR466 
crores, reflecting an 18% year-on-year increase, again driven by higher volumes from a steady 
end-user industry demand. 
 
Suspension PVC revenue stood at INR1,699 crores, a 8% drop year-on-year basis due to lower 
volumes due to the slightly higher inventory which I explained earlier. 
 
With this, we conclude the presentation and open the floor for further discussions. 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
First, on this value-added chemical division, this quarter, there was a sharp drop quarter-on-
quarter, almost 9% drop in the volume. While market generally has remained very healthy in 
this space, why haven't been able to place the volume? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
This would only be normal drop. Actually, if you look at it, our Chloromethanes was more or 
less on a volume -- on quarter-on-quarter basis, it's more or less stable. Caustic has actually gone 
up, and so is hydrogen peroxide. So, I'm trying to understand where you see the volumes. I'm 
looking at the wrong numbers, my apologies. Let me look at the right one. 
N Muralidharan: 
Sanjesh, it is primarily due to two reasons. One is we have taken a regular maintenance for 10 
days. That is one on the caustic soda side. And second, it was due to one timing of sales, a couple 
of rakes, which had to go in the last day got shifted to the next quarter. It's effectively the same. 
There is nothing else. 
 
I think you're right, the demand has been steady, and we've been able to sell all our materials 
significantly. Two reasons. One is regular maintenance for 10 days, which is a scheduled 
maintenance. And the second was a couple of rakes getting shifted to the next quarter by one 
day. 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
This is only in caustic, Sanjesh. So, in caustic some 4,000 tons has come down. That is largely 
because of keeping of the inventory for the sales. So, it's essentially a timing issue. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay. So that means next quarter should have that kind of a bump up, right? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
That's right. The production has not really changed that much. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So that means next quarter, we will have that going up to 48,000 metric tons. 44,000 is the 
normal run rate, 4,000 should have been additional volume next quarter. 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
That's right Yes. You should expect that, yes. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
The second is on the conversion margin in SPVC. So, we have been seeing there is a steady rise 
in the conversion cost. So earlier, below the raw material cost, the prices used to be INR10 per 
kg. It has jumped to INR12 a kg. Any particular reason because we haven't added capacity, plant 
is running quite well. Demand remains full. Why there is 20% rise in the other operating 
expenses in the Suspension PVC, which is in the CCVL? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
The variable conversion costs hasn't moved by much. We've had pretty much stable unless there 
is some inventory related -- because inventory has built up in Suspension PVC. So maybe the 
absorption on the fixed side could be what is driving this. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, it's been for last 2 quarters. Earlier, I used to see the operating cost, which is below COGS. 
It used to be INR10 a kg. Now it is coming almost INR12 a kg. I think there is a sharp jump in 
the employee cost around 18-20%. Any particular reason for such a sharp jump? I don't think 
we have been adding manpower in the CCVL, right? 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
N Muralidharan: 
It's primarily because of 2-3 reasons. One is it's the annual increments. And like we normally 
give senior management increments once in 2 years. So, we'll have a cumulative impact this 
year. That is one. And second, the senior hires we had, and we also strengthened the technical 
team. All 3 together had the impact of higher employee costs during the year. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
This should yield the benefit somewhere, right, the technical employee coming in and all either 
it should come with better utilization or a better yield, which should completely offset that cost. 
Finally, we should -- we are protecting that, right? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
It will happen, Sanjesh. It will happen, it will take time. It doesn't happen overnight, right? So, 
it will happen. You're right. It will happen. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay. The next on the PVC business, that appears to be undergoing more pressure. I think there 
is a further price cut in the month of February. It is fair to assume that the March quarter will 
have a even lower spreads or a lower contribution margin versus what we have seen in the past 
2 quarters? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
See, as I mentioned in the speech, on a marginal basis, the margins are still holding strong 
because the feedstock VCM is following the PVC prices. It is only on account of the inventory 
that is there, which is at a higher cost. And normally in a falling price market, the inventory 
impact will always be there. 
 
So yes, that will impact the margins on a weighted average basis for the March quarter. But once 
that inventory is moved out, then you would see that the margins have a sharp jump because the 
-- like I said, the marginal raw material margin is actually quite good. It's not really moved that 
much. 
 
And hopefully, we are quite confident that very soon, there will be the anti-dumping coming 
into effect. Anti-dumping duty has been announced, and it is awaiting notification of the final 
gazetting by the Ministry of Finance. And we are hopeful that, that will happen anytime soon. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. One last question on Custom Manufacturing business. We have been hearing a positive 
commentary from the peers on the agrochemical intermediate demand. Is it also showing up in 
our order book? And if so, what is the expectation for FY '26? 
Krishna Rangachari: 
This is Krishna here, and Murali can add to this. Yes, we are hearing general input from the 
marketplace that sometime by the middle of the year or it's already started reversing in terms of 
the downturn and we should start seeing a turnaround the calendar year, I mean, sometime by 
the middle of this calendar year. 
 
We have been marginally impacted over the past year or so because of the nature of the 
molecules that are commercial as well as what we have been working in the pipeline. So for us, 
it did have an impact, but not a significant impact. And so our next year would be similar to the 
ramp-ups that we have earlier projected. So I don't see any major changes in terms of our 
projections for the next two years. 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
N Muralidharan: 
Sanjesh, broadly most of our products are new products, which are tied to molecules being 
launched. So our -- except one specific product, which is an old product that we carried. Other 
than that, there was no impact on our order book per se. So you will see significant growth in 
CMC business this year. 
 
You will definitely see a significant growth in CMC business when you see the annual numbers. 
And like Krishna is saying that we continue to project whatever we have sort of indicated, we 
continue to target those numbers for next year as well as in FY '27. So I think we are broadly on 
track. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So what we said is INR1,100 crores by FY '27, we are telling that we are on track for that. 
N Muralidharan: 
We are on track for that. And even this year, you will see a significant healthy growth you will 
see this. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And how has been the profitability? Are we tracking the profitability where we said that the 
EBITDA margin will be tracking anywhere between 23% to 25%? Are we tracking that? 
N Muralidharan: 
Sanjesh, like we explained earlier also in the initial periods, it's a learning curve. So as we 
stabilize, we will hit the EBITDA margin. So in the initial period, the margin levels should be 
slightly lower. And as we move to stable level of operations, we will keep that level. Because 
we are introducing new products, it has some learning. So to that extent, we are tracking on the 
lines we had anticipated it is progressing on those lines, definitely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jayesh Parekh from JMP Capital. 
Jayesh Parekh: 
See, my question is that currently, the environment is going to be a global competition and 
challenge. And can't we work in a direction whereby independent of anti-dumping duty, we 
make our entire viability of the company. Why should we depend on anti-dumping duty? There 
are a couple of players in chemical segment. I can't name them at this point but they are also 
facing similar challenge of global competition and dumping and they have made them viable 
independent of anti-dumping duty. So can you just throw some light on this, sir? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
Sure. That's actually a very interesting philosophical question. So let me address that. Anti-
dumping is actually a response to something that is an unfair trade practice. So it is not something 
that is a standard practice. We do not depend on anti-dumping but then we also do not expect 
dumping. 
 
If a country is going to be unfair and dump products at lower than their domestic market price 
or sometimes even lower than their cost because of some subsidies that they are getting from 
their own government, I believe that, that puts the domestic industry in the country where it is 
being dumped in a very unfair position. There is no level playing field. 
 
So there is absolutely no shame or nothing wrong in insisting on the playing field being levelled. 
This is not unique to India. This is being there across all countries. You can see the U.S. 
embarking on it. The European Union is embarking on it. And very often, we see that this 
question is raised, India is a very aggressive player on anti-dumping, so it's unfair and so on. 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
I have WTO data from 1995 to 2023. And while India has definitely filed the most number of 
anti-dumping cases of 790, the U.S. is not far behind. They have filed 634 and the European 
Union has filed 364. So every country looks after its own domestic interest and I believe that, 
that is what India is doing. 
 
Now your question on whether is there something that we can do to make ourselves immune 
from the pressures of dumping. Well, we are doing it by diversifying our products. We have 
other divisions, which are, for instance, the Custom Manufactured Chemicals division, which is 
export oriented and so on. But where we are hit by dumping, we will have to take necessary 
remedial measures. I see no embarrassment or anything wrong in doing that. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC AMC. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, just I might have missed from your opening comments, the SPVC volumes are declining for 
the last few quarters on a Y-o-Y basis. So what's driving this? Because you mentioned that the 
demand is reasonably strong. I think 11% for the 9 months India demand. So what's leading to 
this decline in volumes for us? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
Yes. That is a good question. And I also mentioned in response to an earlier thing that there have 
been some inventory build-up that has happened. And that is largely because of the dumping 
that we have seen, especially from China in Suspension PVC. So when material is being dumped 
at such low prices, which are actually not really in line with even economic reality, there is 
obviously a propensity to start buying from the lowest price seller. 
 
And that is what has been happening. And that is really the very unfair situation that we are 
combating and we are hopeful that this will turn around soon with the imposition of anti-
dumping duties. But this is not a permanent loss. We have the inventory. So we will be in a 
position the minute this is reversed, we will see the increase in volumes. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. Because sir, on EBITDA level, you are gross positive. So of course, I understand it can 
be a strategy, how do you manage that. But on an EBITDA level, you are gross positive. Of 
course, very low volumes, low quantum, but gross positive. So why to hold on volumes at least 
as long as you move in variable cost, you should probably offload the volumes in the market as 
a strategy? I'm just trying to understand what am I missing? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
Fair enough. It's a very good question. In fact, that's what we normally do. We would, so long 
as that is on a variable contribution level, if it is positive, then it at least contributes to the fixed 
expenses making part of the fixed expenses. We do not want to, at the same time, be so 
aggressive that we push the industry into a downward price spiral. 
 
So it is equally strategic. We would not want to do that and be the price leader into that. We will 
take the appropriate action. Our focus is on reducing inventory and we will do that. Because then 
it shouldn't become a race to the bottom. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And sir, the second is the SPVC duty, now it's pending with the Ministry of Finance. That's the 
current stage. 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
That's right. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And for the Paste PVC, we have already filed for the duty against Europe and some of the other 
countries? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
Yes. Actually, the provisional duty on Paste has already been notified on China, Taiwan, 
Thailand, Norway. But immediately after that came in, unfortunately, the dumping started from 
the European Union. So now we had made an application last year for starting a new 
investigation into imports from Europe, Norway and Japan. And that has actually now been 
initiated. So that process is now on. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And sir, lastly, what would be your net debt level as of the end of Q3? 
N Muralidharan: 
Around INR1,000 crores. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Question is, how do you contrast and compare the entry barriers in pharma and agro custom 
synthesis? Just to give you some context for my question, the largest agro CMC player in India 
has been attempting to get into pharma CMC for over 10 years now and they have not seen much 
success, whereas a major pharma CMC player recently entered agro CMC relatively easily. So, 
does that not mean that the capabilities and resources required for pharma CMC are very 
different and the gestation period is also much longer? 
Krishna Rangachari: 
This is Krishna. That's a good question. They are 2 completely different markets. And as you 
rightly pointed out, the gestation period, the hurdle rate, the number of molecules that become 
successful, it's completely different between the agrochemical and the pharmaceutical. And yes, 
so each one has its own complexity. And to go from one to another, it's not that straightforward. 
Although on the back end in terms of the technical capabilities and maybe the manufacturing 
capabilities, could be similar, the approach to the market is very different between these 2. I 
don't know who you're referring to in terms of a pharma player trying to get into agrochemical. 
 
Again, it depends on the business model that they are planning on pursuing. Our model is 
whether it is pharma or whether it's agrochemical, it is to work with innovators, not with the 
generic manufacturers. 
 
And so that by itself is a very completely different model because the requirements of innovators 
is very different, both in pharmaceutical as well as in agrochemicals. So, it would depend on the 
model this particular company is trying to pursue in terms of what their hurdle rate could be. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Thanks, Dr. Krishna. I mean just to give you some more context. So, both companies have got 
a very similar philosophy in terms of they are using their R&D capability as more of a horizontal 
to work across various industries from food and Nutraceuticals, Cosmeceuticals, human health, 
animal health and crop science. So, playing across the 360 kind of spectrum. 
 
And yes, while there are some common elements between, let's say, an agro and pharma, when 
it comes to simple things like material handling and sterility and focus on clean rooms as an 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
example, and not to mention the stringent Japanese regulators like the PMDA and the U.S. FDA, 
the landscape is very different from a barrier perspective. 
 
So based on our interactions, I know we have been mentioning pharmaceuticals in our 
presentations for a while now. Have you seen any serious engagement or interest coming from 
the pharma side of innovators? 
Krishna Rangachari: 
Yes. So, our -- and I mentioned this in the past, we had a healthy mix of both pharmaceutical 
and agrochemical in the past. And the proportion changed not because of any significant drop in 
the absolute pharma business, but because the agrochemical side of the business really took off. 
So, we have experience in terms of handling innovators, both on the pharma and agrochemical 
side. And having said that, we have a number of projects. 
 
Yes, as you pointed out, very similar to the experience of others in this space. It is not that 
straightforward in terms of ramping up that business significantly at a very short period of time. 
So, the gestation period is going to be long. And so, it's a long-term strategy on our part, and it 
will take time. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Okay. That's very helpful, by the way, your response to first question was really helpful. In terms 
of my second question, when did you start considering custom manufacturing as a potential 
source of future revenue and cash flows? And how much time did it take you from that "drawing 
board and planning moment" to getting the first few LOIs? 
Krishna Rangachari: 
Okay. So, the history of this business, we have been in custom manufacturing for a number of 
years. So, it's not something that we entered recently. But we -- over the -- in the late 2018, '19 
onwards is when we articulated a very clear strategy to grow in this business. And to grow in 
this business obviously requires investment in manufacturing capacity. 
 
We didn't have significant excess capacity over the past -- prior to that period. So, we articulated 
a strategy, and we started investing in people, in R&D capabilities, in pilot capabilities and 
manufacturing capabilities to execute on that strategy. So, the LOIs that we have been 
announcing and the traction we have had is linked to the growth strategy that we outlined prior 
to our IPO and that we started executing from 2018, '19 onwards. 
 
But we have been in the CMO business for a number of years. In fact, many of our customers 
prior to this articulation of strategy and execution were actually requesting us to invest in this 
business because they found in us a very reliable partner who satisfied many of their 
requirements such as focus on safety, protection of intellectual property as well as our track 
record in terms of managing long-term partnerships and relationships with innovators. 
 
As well as our stated strategy with respect to not compete with our customers, which means that 
we are not interested in manufacturing the final product that our customer is making. So, all of 
these factors started sort of helping us over the past 3 years or 4 years to ramp up our presence 
in this space. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
That's very helpful. And with your permission, can I squeeze the last couple of questions? Or 
I'm happy to join the queue again. Okay. So just a couple of questions. How many scientists do 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
we currently have and at full capacity, how many CMC projects can we handle with our current 
R&D capacity? That's one. 
 
And then for our CMC product to be blockbuster for you, what kind of sales should it be able to 
generate? – a range is satisfactory enough for me. I know between Phase 1 and Phase 2, we have 
been public saying that INR1,000 crores approximately is our aspiration. And since then, I know 
we have added the third phase. So obviously, we are very serious about this segment going 
forward. But what it takes to be becoming a blockbuster product and how many scientists do we 
have? 
Krishna Rangachari: 
Okay. So that's again a good question. For us, in this business, and this is something I keep 
saying, this business is all about the chemists and the chemical engineers or engineers who work 
on bringing these projects to commercialization. So, we look at not just scientists. We also look 
at engineers who are involved in taking what the scientists do in the lab and then scaling it up 
into pilot and commercial scale. 
 
And so, our total count in terms of technical resources focused on bringing these projects to the 
commercialization stage today, probably close to around 75 chemists and engineers. And we 
have enough capacity in terms of R&D labs, pilot assets to almost double this in the next 12 
months to 24 months. 
 
So, what this means is if the project pipeline continues to grow as it has been growing, we are 
in a very healthy situation to keep resourcing or putting in resources to support the pipeline. So, 
I don't see that at all as a constraint. We have enough spare capacity in our R&D lab. Similarly, 
our approach in terms of pilot plant is like modular expansions. 
 
And so we have enough land. So for us to bring additional pilot assets would be, let's say, a 6- 
to 9-month type approach or time line. And then so we would proactively keep putting those 
assets. And similarly, bringing in the chemists and engineers to -- in those areas would not be 
an issue at all. Reference to your second question, I think we would like to stick to the guideline 
that we have given. 
 
We don't look at -- right now, we don't look at any project as whether it's a blockbuster or not 
because we take a long-term view on that -- on all of these. Our understanding and our 
assumption in all of the projects that we are working on is maybe in the initial years, there may 
be a slow ramp-up. It may take some time to ramp up. But our long-term view on these projects 
means that all of them would be a blockbuster at some point or the other. But we don't have a 
defined boundary with respect to what we work on and what we don't work on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
First question or rather clarification on SPVC. So, you mentioned that after the imposition of 
duty on China, Thailand, etc., there have been higher imports coming from the EU and Japan. 
But as I understand and correct me if I'm wrong, in Japan, there is still ADD in place, and we 
are still seeing imports coming from Japan? 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
 
And another question related to this, now there are a lot of countries where only the ADD is in 
place, except maybe EU from where the material is coming. Are there any materials in other 
countries that are less and from where the dumping may happen for SPVC? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
The first part of the question on the EU, Japan itself, that was not SPVC, that was Paste. Paste 
we had an anti-dumping duty provisional was notified on China, Taiwan, Thailand, and Norway. 
And then that was gazetted also. And then now the final has also come in at a higher level than 
the provisional, but that is awaiting gazetting. 
 
In between, the dumping started increasing from producers in the European Union. Now a new 
case has been initiated against the European Union and Japan. That was on Paste, not on 
Suspension. Could you repeat the second question, please? I'm sorry, it was a little trouble. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. So, in terms of SPVC or Paste PVC, are there any other countries from where the dumping 
may happen we did not anticipate an Paste PVC dumping coming from EU and Japan? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
Okay. No, no. These are all the countries where you have the capacity. So, if EU actually is 
addressed, I think there would be no other Paste PVC. On Suspension PVC already others like 
China, and U.S., they've all been addressed. So, I think the Northeast Asian producers like Japan, 
Korea, and Taiwan, all have been addressed in the case, and the provisional duties have been 
notified by the DGTR. This is awaiting processing by the Ministry of Finance. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Got it. The second question is on Paste PVC, what would be the current utilization? And 
generally, what would be the breakeven utilization for us? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
In the new facility, we are already at around 80% to 85%. The old facility we are running at 
100% there it is running continuously at 100%. The new one, which we commissioned in 
February '24, we've now ramped it up to around 80%, and 85%, and we expect to reach 100% 
by March or April. So that will happen. 
 
Breakeven is not so much on the volumes. It's more on the price. I think you have another 
INR11,000-12,000 of price if we address it. If the anti-dumping duty comes in, we would be 
more than breakeven. And that is really what we are working on. Because of the dumping yes, 
it's only because of the dumping that we have pressure on margins. If the import prices are fair, 
then we would have no problem. So that is the reason why the anti-dumping cases are being 
pursued. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Got it. And just one last clarification on CDMO. So, I just missed the number on the EBITDA 
margins. So, at optimal utilization, we will be able to have a consistent maybe 20% plus EBITDA 
margin. Is that assumption, right? 
N Muralidharan: 
Generally, the industry operates somewhere between 20% to 25% EBITDA margin levels.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ranjit from IIFL Capital. 
Ranjit: 
Clarification on the anti-dumping duty front. So, as I understand, as of now, there are no anti-
dumping duties either on Paste PVC or Suspension PVC that are in force in India. Both of them 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
are either recommended by DGTR yet to be approved by the Ministry of Finance or on the 
Suspension or the Paste PVC from the European and Japanese region, the investigation is 
currently undergoing. Is that understanding, correct? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
Your understanding is correct. So, the anti-dumping duty on all other than EU and Japan has 
been notified by DGTR. The final findings that have been announced have been actually 
significantly higher than even the provisional findings. That is awaiting gazetting by the Ministry 
of Finance. On Suspension PVC as well, the provisional duties have been announced, and those 
are awaiting gazetting by the Ministry of Finance. 
Ranjit: 
So here, I just wanted to get a bit more understanding. We had already a provisional duty for 6 
months on the 14th of June, and that got expired. And even before the expiry, we have kind of 
seen a DGTR recommending the duty. In all previous cases, what we have seen the provisional 
duty automatically gets converted without much of a gap. But here in Paste PVC, we haven't 
seen that. So, what has led to that delay in approving a provision to a final one? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
It was only a timing issue. The provisionals are valid for 6 months and the final has to come into 
the picture. The final actually came in a week later. But ultimately, it will have to be notified 
and gazette by the Ministry of Finance. So that is what we are waiting for. This is more of a 
timing issue rather than anything else. Sometimes it happens. 
Ranjit: 
How much delay has that happened in the past, just as a ballpark figure? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
See, if look at the provision duty was there for 6 months, and then within that when it lapse 
within 2 weeks, you had the final duty being notified. But then it takes a few weeks for the 
process at the Ministry of Finance to get done. So, we are awaiting that. Obviously, as you know, 
in the interim, you also had the budget and so on the union budget. So obviously, the attention 
would have been elsewhere. So, I think we should see it happen any time now. 
Ranjit: 
Post the expiry, have you seen any increase in the intensity of imports from China and Korea? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
Paste, not so much. Paste China and Korea are not really the main countries. It's largely right 
now, it is the European Union that we are facing the challenge from as far as the Paste is 
concerned. If you look at, for instance, the last period April '24 to December, around 64,000 tons 
have been the total imports. Europe alone is around 40% of that. 
Ranjit: 
But this investigation typically takes 3 months to 6 months, at least in Europe and Japan? 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
Yes. The investigation normally takes around 6 months, yes. From initiation to a provisional 
duty could take around 6 months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ramkumar Shankar: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today on this earnings call. We appreciate, as always, your 
interest in our company, Chemplast Sanmar Limited. If you have any further queries, please do 

 
Chemplast Sanmar Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
feel free to contact SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor, and we will do our best to address your 
questions. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Chemplast Sanmar Limited, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
