 
 
 
 
Ref. No. DIL/SE/24-25/91 
Date: February 08, 2025 
 
To, 
The Manager 
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Relationship Department 
 
 
Listing Department 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street,  
 
 
 
 
 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
BSE Symbol - DOMS 
 
 
 
 
NSE Symbol - DOMS 
BSE Scrip Code - 544045 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor Conference Call on the Unaudited (Standalone and Consolidated) 
Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III and other applicable regulations 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, (‘SEBI 
LODR Regulations’) please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor Conference Call for the 
Unaudited (Standalone and Consolidated) Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2024, held on Tuesday, February 04, 2025, at 12:00 hours. 
 
The transcript of Investor Conference Call has also been uploaded on the website of the Company and 
can be accessed through the following link: 
 
https://domsindia.com/pdf/Investor_Relations/Investor_Presentation_and_Transcripts/Q3_FY25.pdf  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
 
____________________ 
Mitesh Padia  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A58693 
 
Encl: As Above  
Mitesh 
Ashok 
Padia
Digitally signed by 
Mitesh Ashok Padia 
Date: 2025.02.08 
12:20:28 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
“DOMS Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 04, 2025 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - Please note that some portion of the concall may have an audio spoken in 
language other than English which has been translated in English language in this transcript primarily 
for ease of reading. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the Company’s website will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
       
    
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
DOMS INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to DOMS Industries Limited Q3 and 9M FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, a brief disclaimer. The presentation which DOMS Industries Limited has 
uploaded on the stock exchange and their website, including the discussions during this call 
contains or may contain certain forward-looking statements concerning DOMS Industries 
Limited business prospects and profitability, which are subject to several risks and uncertainties 
and the actual results could materially differ from those in such forward-looking statements. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes, thanks, Reyo. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q3 and 9M FY '25 
results conference call of DOMS Industries Limited. We have with us today senior management 
represented by Mr Rahul Shah, Chief Financial Officer. Now I hand over the call to Mr Rahul 
Shah for his initial comments on the quarterly as well as nine months performance and then we 
will open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thanks, and over to you, Mr Rahul Bhai. 
Rahul Shah: 
Thank you. Aniruddha Ji. Good afternoon, everyone. Firstly, wish you all a great 2025. It is our 
pleasure to welcome you all to the conference call for Q3 FY '25. Due to certain unforeseen 
circumstances, Santosh Bhai, our Managing Director is not able to join the call today. Though I 
have with me the team from Marathon Capital, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
Despite the tepid market conditions and festive season in India as well as globally, we continued 
on our consistent growth trajectory during the third quarter FY '25. With successful expansion 
initiatives in the stationery and art materials segment across writing instruments, paper 
stationery, coupled with widening of fine art product portfolio along with introduction of 
differentiated range of markers and highlighters and kits and combination packs, together have 
propelled growth during the quarter. 
Further, the performance of Uniclan Healthcare has yielded positive results contributing to our 
growth trajectory as well. As part of future growth initiative at Uniclan, as mentioned during our 
previous conference call, I'm happy to share that we have successfully installed the third diaper 
production line, increasing our baby diaper capacity. We have always believed that our people 
have been one of our strongest pillars for the growth. Their dedication, passion and tireless 
efforts to innovate, design and deliver high-quality products have enabled DOMS to be ahead of 
the curve. As a recognition of their ongoing contribution and understanding the importance of 
further strengthening our bond with our people to ensure sustainable success, we granted ESOPS 
to more than 900 members of the DOMS family. I'm really proud and content to make them a 
true partner in our success.  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
Another milestone achieved during the quarter has been the successful installation of a 1 MW 
solar plant at our current flagship facility in Umargam, Gujarat. By harnessing the power of 
renewable energy, we aim to reducing our carbon footprint and promoting eco-friendly practices. 
This process of harnessing the power of renewable energy is expected to continue as we evaluate 
and undertake projects for solar electrification at our other manufacturing locations. As a 
testimony to the hard work and performance of our company, I am pleased to share that our 
company has for the third time in a row awarded with the Top Exporters award for being the 
number-one exporter for the financial year '23-'24 by the Pen & Stationery Association of India, 
underscoring company's role as a front-runner in the Indian export market. 
On the marketing front, we persist in our efforts to connect with our audience in innovative and 
engaging ways, seamlessly integrating online and offline initiatives. This combined with the 
overwhelming consumer response to our products underscores our dedication to innovative 
design and product engineering as well as rising popularity of our flagship brand DOMS. Going-
forward, we remain cautiously optimistic on improvement in-demand conditions with tailwinds 
from the upcoming back-to-school season, growing emphasis on education and increased 
government spending in this sector contributing to the growth momentum in the near-term. 
Our strategic priorities remain unchanged with focus on delivering consistent and profitable 
volume growth through expanding our production capacities, investing in our brands and 
strengthening our supply-chain, positioning ourselves for sustainable long-term growth. This 
coupled with a solid pipeline of innovative products to be launched across categories as well as 
targeted distribution network expansion, both in India as well as globally should lay down strong 
foundation for our projected growth trajectory. 
Coming to the details of our financial performance for the quarter ended and nine-month period 
ending, 31, 2024. To begin with a quick overview on the consolidated results. Consolidated 
operating revenues for Q3 FY '25 stood at INR 501.1 crores, a growth of nearly 35% compared 
to the same quarter last financial year. Comparable consolidated operating revenue, excluding 
Uniclan Healthcare sales impact grew by 21.4% in Q3 FY '25. This increase in sales was 
predominantly on account of growth in segments like office supplies, paper stationery and kits 
and combination packs. 
The consolidated EBITDA for Q3 FY '25 grew by 26.7% to INR 87.9 crores as compared to 
INR 69.3 crores in Q3 FY '24. The EBITDA margins marginally declined by about 110 basis-
points to 17.5% from 18.7%, resultant of increase in sales and distribution expenses, primarily 
due to consolidation of Uniclan and on account of the accounting impact of ESOPs granted in 
Q3 FY '25. As a result of these factors, company's consolidated EBITDA margin stood at 17.5% 
as on expected lines, but higher than our targeted and guided range of 16% to 17% as provided 
during our previous conversations. 
The consolidated PAT rose from INR 38.8 crores in Q3 FY '24 to INR 54.3 crores in Q3 FY '25, 
registering a growth of nearly 40%.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Talking of our results for the nine-month period, our consolidated revenues from operations 
grew by 23.9% to INR 1,403.9 crores in 9M FY '25 from INR 1,133.4 crores in 9M FY '24. 
EBITDA for 9M FY '25 grew by 32.2% to INR 260.2 crores from INR 196.8 crores in 9M FY 
'24. Further, our PAT also increased from INR 112.7 crores in 9M FY '24 to INR 162.3 crores 
in 9M FY '25, a growth of 43.9%.  
The working capital on a consolidated basis increased marginally to about 53 days, primarily on 
account of the consolidation impact of Uniclan that results -- that resulted in higher trade 
receivables on a consolidated basis. Excluding the impact of Uniclan, the working capital days 
were around 45 days, in-line with our earlier trend. 
On the capex front, we continue to focus on expanding our manufacturing capabilities to 
capitalize on the growth potential during the nine-month period, excluding the impact of 
acquisition, at a consolidated level, the company has invested over INR 100 crores towards 
capital expenditure, including capital advances. These funds were primarily invested in for the 
construction activities and purchase of plant and machinery and installation of the solar plant.  
Further, Uniclan has also undertaken a capex of nearly INR 11.5 crores during the period of 
consolidation, primarily towards installation of additional line of diaper manufacturing.  
With this, I would request to open the floor for question-and-answers. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from Kunal 
Vora from BNP Paribas. 
Kunal Vora: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for a good quarter. First is on exports. So it seems 
to be down for third consecutive quarter. So is it sales to FILA or branded sales in other markets, 
what's happening on exports? 
Rahul Shah: 
Hi, Kunal thank you for your question. In terms of exports, sales were down approximately 5% 
in the quarter compared to the previous year. Primarily on account of the ongoing situation in 
Middle-East and the slowdown in Europe. Our FILA Group sales were in-line, the decline, it 
was primarily on account of, like I said, the own branded sales that we did in Middle-East 
geographies. 
But while the ongoing geopolitical tensions across the Middle-East have impacted our export 
business, we believe export markets are expected to recover soon now. Further, we are also soon 
entering into distribution agreements with FILA and FILA Group companies to start exports of 
DOMS branded stationery in their local markets, which again should have a positive impact on 
our export business growth. 
Kunal Vora: 
This is a temporary issue and you think things will recover from Europe? 
Rahul Shah: 
Yes. The signs that we are getting from the Middle-East market, they are soon expected to you 
know, begin business again. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Kunal Vora: 
Okay. Understood. Okay. Thanks. Second is on, when did the additional 24 crores diaper 
capacity come in and like you are at about 50 crores. So how should we look at fourth quarter 
and FY '26? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, Kunal Bhai basically, you know Uniclan is slightly a seasonal business. Their third quarter 
is always the strongest in terms of sales because of the climatic condition. It's like end of 
monsoons and beginning of winters, and due to the climatic condition, demand for diaper 
increases. This high-demand stays until mid of February to-end of February. Summer is a little 
dull time. Then again, once the rainy season starts, the market picks up again.  
The new diaper machine got installed towards the last week of November and first week of 
December. Right now, we have a production capacity of about 65 crore diapers, but considering 
the changes that happen in the pack sizes as well as in the sizes of diaper we manufacture, we 
could utilize about 80% to 85% of the capacity. 
With the partnership with Uniclan, we have now, started taking some amount of active role in 
terms of helping them to set-up their distribution network. They've already launched diapers 
under the co-branding with DOMS. It's now called as “DOMS Wowper”. Some of our channel 
partners have already been onboarded for sales of Uniclan. One of our two super-stockist in 
Nepal is now a super-stockist for Uniclan Diapers in Nepal. 
So considering these factors, you know, we believe that we should be able to have better year-
end results in FY '26, but in terms of number, wouldn't want to, you know, give how much 
percentage because we are still learning the business, still understanding the market sensitivities. 
Hopefully, we should have our business plan for the coming year ready by March and during 
our next interaction, we would have more numbers towards this. 
Kunal Vora: 
But the 80% - 85% capacity utilization do you think will get maintained in FY '26 with the larger 
capacity or you think with new capacity, it could go down. 
Rahul Shah: 
No, no, no, along with the larger capacity. 
Kunal Vora: 
Okay, okay. Understood. Okay. And FY '26 growth and margin outlook, like say, I understand 
you Uniclan won't be able to share right now, but otherwise for the business excluding Uniclan, 
how is it looking? You mentioned like cautiously optimistic. So I just wanted to get some sense, 
are you seeing some concerns on-demand? 
Rahul Shah: 
So we are not seeing any concerns on demand. It's just that the markets have been opening up. 
We believe the back-to-school season should bode well for the company. So we continue to 
maintain a full revenue growth target of full-year revenue growth target of about 23% to 25% 
on a consolidated basis, including Uniclan for FY 2025. In terms of margin, like we've always 
mentioned, our range is always between 16% to 17%. Today at a consolidated level, we are at 
about 17.5%. But this was, like I said, a very good quarter because of the seasonality at Uniclan. 
Therefore, the Uniclan margins in this quarter are always a little on the higher side because the 
fixed-cost absorption happens better. But overall, we believe Uniclan margins should be in the 
range of 7% to 8% initially and slowly we'll be able to drive them to about a double-digit number. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
So considering these factors, we continue to from a margin perspective, guide for between a 
16% to 17% margin range. 
Kunal Vora: 
So for FY '26, I mean, '24-25 this year it looks reasonable maybe top-end. But FY '26. FY '26, 
okay, similar. 20% 25% growth and 16%-17% margin. But margin looks conservative… 
Rahul Shah: 
I am talking a 23% to 25% revenue growth target for FY '25. 
Kunal Vora: 
FY '26, what's the expectation? 
Rahul Shah: 
Sir, let's see how the market goes. How this back-to-school season works? I think for the coming 
year, once we sit together, have our business plan, which we typically do in the month of March, 
we'll be able to come back to you all with the guidance for the coming financial year. 
Kunal Vora: 
But you have more capacity coming in, right, next year? 
Rahul Shah: 
So capacity addition is ongoing. Like we've shared earlier, capacity increase is expected in 
scholastic stationery, you know, but that's something which will take about six-odd months-to 
come completely on-board. We'll soon increase our pencil manufacturing capacity, but that will 
happen you know, on a monthly basis, we'll keep getting something incrementally. So towards 
the end of Q3 FY '26, we'll also have the new building coming in from the 44 acre plant where 
again there would be capacity increase happening to begin with under the office supply segment 
and sketch pens and other such products. 
Kunal Vora: 
Okay. Okay. Thanks. I have more questions, but I'll come back-in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Rakshit Desai from IIFL. 
Percy Panthaki: 
This is Percy Panthaki. Sir, just wanted to understand in the first-nine months of the year, 
excluding Uniclan, what is the sort of assets which have actually got capitalized, not CWIP and 
not the capex in cash-flow terms, but what is the actual addition to the gross block in the nine-
month period? 
Rahul Shah: 
The actual addition, just give me a second. You want for the entire nine-month period? 
Percy Panthaki: 
Yes, yes, nine-month period. 
Rahul Shah: 
So at a gross fixed asset-level, the additions have been close to about INR 90 crores. 
Percy Panthaki: 
This is excluding Uniclan, right? 
Rahul Shah: 
Excluding Uniclan. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. So just wanted to understand, I mean, with such a small sort of addition to gross block, 
how we are able to grow? It's not as if we had a lot of spare capacity to start with? 
Rahul Shah: 
There were some capacity additions which we had done during the last year also, the last 
financial year. A lot of it actually came towards, for example, our second pen plant, it came in-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
production in February of '24, right. So the impact during the last year was smaller, but in this 
year for the entire nine-month period, we are getting benefit of it. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. So if this is like a rolling thing that whatever capex you do in one year, you get the 
benefit of that in the next year, then given that we have done such low capex in FY'25, do we 
see a problem in terms of ramping-up our sales in FY'26? 
Rahul Shah: 
No, Percy bhai, like I said, you know, Capex is like you said, it's an ongoing thing, rolling out, 
we'll keep getting benefit. Some capacity additions, which have already happened during the 
second and third quarter of this financial year, we get a full-year sales impact in the coming 
years. Plus new capacities are also being added. So as such, our plans with respect to capacity 
additions, timely capacity addition, which will drive our revenue growth in the coming year is 
already in-place. 
It’s just that, when it will come, there can be timing difference of a couple of months, but 
otherwise, I think everything is well-planned. If the markets you know, support, we don't see 
any reason for any challenges that would come from a capacity perspective to meet the demand. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And how much of this INR 90 crore has happened in the new land parcel? 
Rahul Shah: 
New land parcel, absolutely nothing. Construction is still going on. Majority of it is sitting in the 
buildings and all - the advances that we've given to the parties, so they are more of advances. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood, understood. So what do we expect in terms of capex over -- I mean, the next three 
months as well as for FY '26? The reason I'm asking this is that at the time of the IPO, basically, 
our impression was that you would be doing roughly brownfield and greenfield put together 
roughly about INR 200 crores per year for the next three, four years? 
Rahul Shah: 
Right. So we are planning to close this financial year with a total capex of around INR 160 crores 
to INR 175 crores. This will be primarily for setting up of the buildings at the 44 acre facility, 
other greenfield expansion projects and the regular modernization and the upgradation capex 
that we continue to do in our existing infrastructure. Like I said, you know, we believe the first 
building from the new 44 acre project should be ready, we should get the possession during the 
third quarter of FY '26 and believe to begin commercial production from that building within 90 
days from getting the possession. 
So looking at those requirements, I think in the coming year, we should be again -- our capex 
should be again close to INR 202 crore – INR 225 crores. And Percy Bhai, the way it is planned 
is every three months from the time we get the possession of the first building at 44 acres, you 
will get possession of the next building after three-odd months, the 90-odd days we will utilize 
for installation. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Understood. And in terms of the capacities that will come up over the next, let's 
say, 12 to 18 months, which are the major products in which the capacities are expected to come 
up? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Rahul Shah: 
So we are looking at increasing our capacities across one scholastic stationery, paper stationery 
as well. In paper stationery during the third quarter of FY '25, we increased one-line of the 
automatic exercise manufacturing exercise book manufacturing machine. We are expecting to 
increase some capacities in paper stationery as well, office supplies also and also to some extent 
in hobby and craft. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. Understood. Also, just wanted to understand in terms of this JV you 
did for the bags, what is the status there in terms of ramp-up, in terms of ARRs or in terms of 
any other update that you would like to give? 
Rahul Shah: 
So the acquisition that we did was in a company called SKIDO Industries. SKIDO's revenue 
from operations stood at about close to INR 3 crores in third quarter of FY '25, which is a 
sequential growth of about 56% with an EBITDA margin of close to about 13%. Currently, close 
to 55% of the company's sales happen to DOMS and balance is to third parties. DOMS basically 
utilises these bags for their kits and combination pack. 
But right now, the first-line of products are already ready in the bags category, a very well-
designed and highly value-added bags that we've come up with. They are in-production and we 
plan to soon launch it for our customers under the DOMS brand during this back-to-school 
season. So during this quarter, the DOMS branded bags would be launched in the market. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. And lastly on your direct outlet coverage, how much does it stand at currently and 
how much it has grown over the last 12 months. 
Rahul Shah: 
So, during our second quarter call, we said when the markets were a little bit of sluggish, we 
focused on expanding our distribution network a little. So today, we have about 140,000 retail 
outlets, which we are catering to directly. This represents an increase of about 15,000 plus retail 
outlets. I think, end of last year, we were close to 125,000, which is now increased to 140,000. 
But again Percy Bhai, the strategy there is like it was earlier, first try to maximize the throughput 
from the existing partners and only then look at expanding our universe. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sneha Talreja from Nuvama. Please go-ahead. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir, and congratulations on great numbers and thanks for the opportunity. 
Just two to three questions from my end. What was the Uniclan margin this particular quarter? 
Rahul Shah: 
The Uniclan margin, Sneha, in this particular quarter was about 10%. But like we said, this is 
typically one of the strongest quarters for the diaper business. So what happens is the sales are 
higher and there is a better fixed-cost absorption that happens. So this quarter usually is better 
in terms of margin also. But going-forward, the way the business has been shaping up and what 
inputs that we get from the Uniclan team, it should be close to a 7.5% to 8% sort of EBITDA 
margin business. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood. That means our consolidated margins from 17.5% can actually go down because of 
those reasons. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Rahul Shah: 
It should and that is why Sneha we always maintain that 16% to 17% as the range. And we've 
always said that, the impact of all these, the Uniclan acquisition plus the ESOPs and plus what 
happens is whenever we are in a capacity addition phase, you need to increase the manpower a 
little bit before the goods start into commercial production. So as a result of this increase there 
is a slight increase in the manpower cost, ESOP accounting and the Uniclan, we should be close 
to the 16% to 17% range in terms of EBITDA margin. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood. Secondly, what I wanted to understand is where are we in terms of utilization rates 
at this point of time. Overall as a company, along with Uniclan separately. Uniclan, including 
the capacity addition that we've just taken place? 
Rahul Shah: 
Senha, very difficult to talk about how much utilization because it's sometimes really difficult 
to gauge the same, you know, the output is in a different unit of measure, while the capacities 
are different and really the utilization differs in terms of what type of product you are 
manufacturing. So difficult to say or give information about how much utilization we are at 
today. 
But we believe we have, like I mentioned earlier, there are timely capacity additions planned in 
such a way that at every periodic time, we have some additional capacity coming in, through the 
way of greenfield expansion or in terms of modernization of our existing plant and machinery. 
Sneha Talreja: 
So what I was trying to get is we are comfortable growing at 20% 25% on an overall company-
level or despite operating at optimum utilization that we keep seeing? 
Rahul Shah: 
It's always our endeavour you know. While there is always optimal capacity utilization, but at 
the same time there are new capacity additions coming in. So it's like a continuous process. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood. Lastly on SKIDO, is the product out, we were supposed to launch it in Q4 of FY 
'25. Is that launched? And if yes, how is the response we are receiving from the channel? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, it is, you know, like I said, it's already in-production, the packing material and all is on its 
way. So very soon will be launched in the market. Hopeful, at the right time for the back-to-
school season. So in this quarter only it will be launched, which is the right time to launch as the 
back-to-school season is just about to start. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I have a question on our hygiene business. I think we have 
started exports in this quarter. So can you highlight which geographies are we targeting explicitly 
and what is the opportunity size here? Also in terms of margins, do they materially differ 
between exports and domestic markets? So Yes, just some update on that. And also given the 
fact that this will be a overseas of what should I say venture for us, would it require creating a 
new network from scratch, your thoughts on that? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, Jinesh, firstly, I'll answer the second question you had in terms of network. The entire idea 
of partnering with Uniclan was that in the short-term, we believe that we'll be able to leverage 
our channel relationships with the super-stockist and distributors. That is not restricted only to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
the Indian market, but in for exports as well. Like I said earlier, they've already started doing 
exports to Nepal, where one of our channel partners has become a stockist for the Wowper 
products. Similarly, through our network, they have started some amount of exports to Middle-
East. And the idea there is to first start with the neighbouring countries, where DOMS already 
has a strong network and then we'll take it forward. And at the same time, in domestic market 
also, we are seeing the channel synergies coming out where some of our stockists have already 
been onboarded as channel partners for Uniclan.  
And now as the business ramps-up, again there today, when we invested in the company, they 
were present in about six states. Today they are at about seven to eight states. We want to first 
completely do justice to the business in these states and only then try to expand our sales network 
to other states. So once that happens, plus if we think we've reached optimal capacity in terms 
of diapers, then we plan for new capacity addition there as well.  
So in terms of margin, Jinesh, like I said, this quarter is an exceptional -- always has been the 
exceptional quarter for Uniclan. Considering the higher sales this quarter, our EBITDA there 
was about 10%. But on a full year basis, we believe Uniclan's EBITDA to be in the range of 7% 
to 8%. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. Just wanted to -- Yes, sorry, please go ahead. 
Rahul Shah: 
And in terms of difference in margins for Uniclan in the domestic and the export market, nothing 
very material. The same philosophy that DOMS follows will be followed at Uniclan where 
across, it will be a very cost sheet sort of a driven approach. Depending upon what cost sheet 
gets developed and our targeted margin for Uniclan, that's how the product pricing will happen. 
So we will not see any significant difference in terms of margins in export and the domestic 
markets. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. So just to summarize, at present, our presence is in Nepal and Middle East and for the 
time-being, the focus will remain on domestic market, correct? 
Rahul Shah: 
Yes, absolutely. Domestic market and as well as neighboring countries, where I talk about Nepal, 
Bangladesh, Sri Lanka. Middle East is also now a neighboring country only for - yes, so that's 
going to be the focus for us. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. And sir, secondly, on the pen side, can you share some updates with respect to the current 
capacity and the utilization number? Also, what is the current contribution from the INR 10 price 
point, some color on that? And secondly, I believe our incremental capacity on pencils was about 
to come on-board in 4Q. So we are like almost a month into the quarter. So has it already started, 
any update on that? 
Rahul Shah: 
So yes, the plant is under installation. Most of the machines have come in. Pencil is a slightly 
longer manufacturing process where you need to first add capacities at the treatment and 
seasoning level. There the new plant has already come in production. Our plants for making 
utility pencils and finishing is expected to come soon. So like we said, pencils production from 
the new capacity should start rolling in from the current quarter and there would be continuous 
expansion in the next quarter as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. On the pen side, if you can share some update on the utilization number and the 
contribution from the INR 10 price point? 
Rahul Shah: 
So overall is the office supply segment, we continue to invest. Our third pen plant has already 
come in production. We've increased capacity for pens, markers and introduced our highlighters 
also. So like all our products, even in this segment, we continue to introduce new products, come 
up with differentiated offerings. In terms of differentiation, in terms of price point, really difficult 
for us to say, at this point of time, how much are coming from a particular price segment. But in 
terms of pricing for us, our important customer has always been young kids and it's been a 
school-driven consumption. So we've always believed in having a very rationalized approach 
towards pricing, which ensures that our customers get value-for-money and at the same time, 
our margins are maintained. So for pens also, we are following the same sort of strategy, which 
is more cost sheet driven. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. Sir, one last question from my side. I think in our paper stationery business, the growth 
was upwards of 50% in this quarter and you highlighted earlier that one line got added. So is the 
growth led by capacity expansion or is there some element of seasonality over here? And also 
from here on, how should we look at the contribution of the paper stationery business? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, Jinesh, definitely there was a positive impact due to addition of the new line for the exercise 
books manufacturing machine that we added. This came in production around October 2024. 
Paper stationery definitely is a slightly seasonal business with the third and fourth quarter being 
the strongest and Q2 being slightly muted once all schools have begun. So yes, that also plays a 
role.  
And paper stationery for us is a growth segment that we've been continuously focusing on. And 
even there, our product offering is very differentiated. We've had benefited with some amount 
from partnerships also, like with ISRO. We've also got partnership with Warner Brothers for 
certain comic characters which we are using significantly for our paper stationery book covers. 
So all these factors plus focus from the team is helping in the growth of this segment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Abhishek from AB Capital. Please go-ahead. 
Abhishek: 
Yes. So what will be the ROE trajectory going forward? 
Rahul Shah: 
So Abhishek, see the idea is simple to continue with the EBITDA margin in the range of about 
16% to 17% with sort of a 3x revenue generation on the investment we do. So from a ROE 
perspective, we continue to have the same ROE of close to -- and more the money that we keep 
utilizing in capex, this should increase. So our ROE, ROCE at a consolidated level should be 
around 23% to 25%. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. So the -- given that the margins are lower in the diaper business, that will not affect us in 
the near future. 
Rahul Shah: 
So we -- when we are talking about the consolidated margin of 16% to 17%, Abhishek, it is 
taking into consideration the Uniclan diaper business at a lower margin of 7% to 8%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Abhishek: 
Okay. And any plans to raise any capital in the near future. 
Rahul Shah: 
As of now no. We would really want to first utilize the funds that we raised from the IPO, get 
this new plant up and running as soon as possible. So most of our energies are right now focused 
on the completion and expansion in the 45-acre project. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Hi, I hope my voice is clear. My question is on -- we have clearly seen a revenue trajectory going 
up for office supply. So I believe we have increased our capacity of pens from, say, around 2 
million pens per day to 3 million pens a day. Is that number right and is that the right way to 
think of it? As well as if you can just reconfirm the pencil capacity, we are adding around 2.5 
million pencils per day. Is that the number right? 
Rahul Shah: 
Hi, Priyank. Yes. So office supplies as a segment has recorded a growth of about 133%. This is 
primarily due to increased capacities for pens, markers and introduction of highlighters. One of 
the new markers that we launched has received a good response from the market. So that has 
contributed to the success of the -- to the growth of the office supply segment. In terms of the 
increase in capacities for pencils, like we said earlier, right now, our capacity is close to 5.5 
million pencils a day and we soon expect to ramp it up by 2.5 million wooden pencils per day. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. So this INR 90 crores capex or the asset addition that you have done is to do with the 
office supply, which includes blue pens and markers, while the pencil capacity is yet to come 
from this quarter. Is that right? And then you were supposed to add certain capacities in crayons 
and sketch pens also. Would you be able to help me with that numbers from where to where we 
have gone? 
Rahul Shah: 
So honestly, we've not added capacity in our scholastic art material range significantly. In terms 
of pencils, like I said, our -- like pencil have three key stages of production. One is the treatment 
stage, other is the raw pencil making stage and the last is the finishing stage. Our plant for the 
treatment is already started up and running, so that's already been capitalized, so to some amount 
of increase in capitalized asset that you see is because of that slant. Plus for other products, we 
are upgrading of certain existing capacities in the art material segment, some amount of 
additional capacities are also coming up for the fine art segment. We'll see all this coming in 
production very soon. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. My second question is on this Uniclan. We would have sold around, say, 10 crores 
diapers in the current quarter. And if you can help me with a distribution outlook, wherein how 
much of that would be overlapped with DOMS distribution network or it would be completely 
new distribution channel which Uniclan has and you will look to expand over there? 
Rahul Shah: 
Unfortunately, I will not have that data on-hand today. Really, I don't have that data to answer 
this question at this moment. 
Priyank Chheda: 
No problem. I'll connect you offline. Just last question on the new category or a new segment of 
toys, which we were looking out for, now for a toddler segment, say, less than a three-year 
segment, we were planning to enter into this segment. Any strategic thoughts on that? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Rahul Shah: 
So we've already entered the TOTS segment. There is an entire range which has come up called 
as DOMS TOTS. In that we've already launched finger paint and Beeswax crayons. So that's 
already been launched. Again, it just a launch that has happened, so these sort of products which 
are like new to the market, coming up for the first time, it takes a little bit of a longer time for 
the acceptance to build-up and the product to reach mass level of consumers. And so it's early 
days there, but the products have already been launched. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. And on the Phase 2 of this expansion of this new greenfield project, which was supposed 
to happen in two phases, now what is the total capex that we are planning to incur, which includes 
Phase 1, Phase 2, all put together when whole of the project is ready up and running say in next 
2 years or 2.5 years? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, this entire project, including the land, which we've already purchased and expenses that 
we've already done, this entire project would entail an investment of close to INR 900 crores to 
INR 1,000 crores. We've already purchased the land. A lot of advances have been given to our 
construction partners who are constructing the building there plus work for in terms of levelling, 
in terms of making roads, in terms of electrification, making the utilities that has also 
simultaneously started. All put together, like I said, this project would be close to INR 900 crores 
to INR 1,000 crores of investment and eventually will house somewhere between 1.8 million to 
2 million square feet of built-up area. 
Priyank Chheda: 
And would this be also equal to -- just a clarification on this. Would this be also 1.8x to 2x asset 
turnover at the full utilization? 
Rahul Shah: 
So eventually after about two to three years, we always target to have about 3x sort of gross 
revenue from the investment that we do in the fixed asset. But considering it's greenfield in 
nature, it takes a little time to reach there to about 3x sort of a number. But at full potential once 
all is ready, the target is to always try to achieve close to 3x in terms asset turn. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes. So Rahul bhai, in terms of the new co-branding products that we have done, with ISRO and 
also Warner Brothers. So if you can share a bit more on these aspects and what are the terms of 
these rates, and how is the response to the products, etc. So if you can share a bit more info on 
that. 
Rahul Shah: 
So Aniruddha bhai, these arrangements are like pure royalty sort of arrangements that we get 
into with the owners of these brands. With ISRO, it is not a direct arrangement, but with 
somebody who already has the arrangement, we are just manufacturing ISRO branded products 
and giving to them and they've been selling it in the market.  
See, for all the new launches that the company is doing, we are seeing a good response from our 
consumers not only for the Warner Brothers or ISRO cover design, but the new range of paper 
stationery products that we've come up, the car series, abstract series, nature series, all of them 
are seeing an overwhelming response from the consumers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
They are liking the entire grid that we've made for the new paper stationery page. I think it's 
more to do with the increasing popularity of the DOMS brand rather than co-branded. Definitely 
having co-branded products creates some amount of wow factor, but a lot of it is also to do with 
the rising popularity of the DOMS brand and acceptance of the DOMS branded paper stationery 
products. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. Surely. Understood. That's helpful. Second question, a bit broader on exports. So as far 
as like there are some restrictions coming on some countries from USA. So do you see that 
opening up a window of exports for us means do you see any additional inquiries for exporting 
the product to their countries, etc? Because I guess that's currently a long-term positive growth 
tailwind for us. So any update on these things? 
Rahul Shah: 
So exports, Aniruddha Ji, both at the inter-group within FILA network as well as to third party 
continues to represent a great opportunity for us. While the ongoing geopolitical tension has 
impacted our exports to a certain extent, we believe things to improve from here both because 
of certain restrictions to some other countries as well as the new distribution arrangement that 
we are going to soon enter with FILA Group companies across the globe wherever they are 
present. This should do well from an export potential perspective.  
But having said that, the domestic market continues to remain a focus area. Our capacities 
continue to remain a little constrained. But once we have new capacities coming in, I am sure 
we will be able to leverage the export potential a little better. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay, sure. Understood. Last question before I hand it over to the operator again? See this 
product has a immense potential, may not have any really great potential in e-commerce per se, 
but has got immense potential in quick commerce. So what will be the strategy of DOMS looking 
at over, let's say, next 2 to 3 years to penetrate significantly in a quick commerce channel? Yes, 
that's it from my side. 
Rahul Shah: 
So Aniruddha Ji, definitely quick commerce, e-commerce we are present there. Our business in 
that segment is also growing but our presence there is restricted only to giving convenience to 
our consumers. But our heart and soul remains with our general trade channel partners who have 
been one of the strongest reasons for our growth, our brand acceptance at the consumer level. 
And they are the ones who actually keep the entire wide range of DOMS products and ensure 
that these products reach our consumer very well. So that continues to remain the focus.  
Our network expansion is going on in a very thoughtful manner. Strategically where we are 
trying to maximize the throughput before entering into new retail space. But having said that, in 
e-commerce as well as quick commerce, our presence is increasing with the sole purpose of 
ensuring consumers have that convenience. They are not our main focus.  
Aniruddha Joshi:  
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Naitik from NV Alpha Fund. Please go-ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Naitik: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is, you mentioned about your new distribution 
agreement with FILA for their international channels. So I just wanted to know what kind of 
opportunity this could be for us. 
Rahul Shah: 
FILA as a group is today present in close to more than 100 countries globally. In some of the 
geographies like South Africa, Australia, for that matter, even US, Europe, they have a strong 
network there and these are untapped markets for DOMS branded product. While we do some 
amount of sale-in certain African countries and certain amount in Australia in the DOMS brand, 
but in a lot of these geographies where FILA is present, the presence of DOMS as a product, as 
a brand, in those countries is not there. 
So it represents a good opportunity. Will open many international geographies for us. So we are 
really excited about this partnership with FILA and FILA Group companies. But as and when 
we keep getting capacity additions, that is how we keep targeting to open markets. So we would 
not want to be in a position that we do some amount of export to many countries and are not 
able to fulfil their follow-up requirement that really in a way kills brand. Everybody invests time, 
efforts, resources in-building a brand. But then if you cannot do a follow-up sale, then consumers 
forget about it. So while it represents a great opportunity but we'll go country-by-country, slowly 
with each entity, and soon we plan to start. The first country probably we will start, would be 
some Latin-American country. 
Naitik: 
Got it, sir. Sir, my second question is, can you quantify the exports to FILA and the exports of -
- under our own brand-name for the quarter and for 9 months? 
Rahul Shah: 
Sorry, I couldn't get that. 
Naitik: 
Sir, could you quantify the exports we did to FILA and the exports we did under our own brand-
name for the quarter and for 9 months? 
Rahul Shah: 
So for the quarter, we did about INR 37 odd crores, was our sales to FILA and our exports under 
our own brand was around close to INR 27 crores. And for the 9-month period, this amount was, 
for FILA was close to INR 120 crores, while owned brand exports was about INR 82.5 odd 
crores. 
Naitik: 
Okay, sir, got it. That's it from my side. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Sharan, who is an individual investor. Please go-ahead. 
Sharan: 
Thanks for the opportunity. While waiting all my questions are already answered. So just want 
to know on a broader view, like since you are coming up with a bag and you are coming up with 
toys, you already have stationary products, do you have any plans to make a strategic partnership 
with the school chains which are operated across India, to make a strategic long-term partnership 
and sell your all the products together?  
For example, like Poddar, Jumbo Kids and all such kind of chain schools which are there across 
India, sell all your bag stationary items and hygiene products and toys together for long-term 
stable partnership. Do you have any such plans? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Rahul Shah: 
So Sharan Bhai, at the company-level, we don't actively pursue such partnerships, but we always 
encourage our channel partners, our channel partners across India, not only partner with such 
educational institutions, but also participate in a lot of government tenders as well and we always 
authorize them to do business with them. That ensures our products reach our consumers at the 
same time, our channel keeps supporting us. 
Sharan: 
Okay. So you don't directly get involved in such partnerships through the distribution? 
Rahul Shah: 
It is encouraged through our channel partners. 
Sharan: 
Okay. And sir, in the bag part, school bags, I have seen in the nearby shops, it's currently coming 
as a kit. Do you have plans to produce separate bags as well, like generic bags with variety of 
designs and sizes? 
Rahul Shah: 
Yes, Sharan Ji, SKIDO Industries, our subsidiary where we have 51% stake. They have already 
developed a range of school bags. So our target there is also going to be the scholastic children 
only. These are not like the laptop backpacks, but these are more like school bags.  
The first-line of product is already designed, they are right now in commercial production. And 
soon it will be launched in the market as a separate bag, as a separate product, right in time for 
the upcoming back-to-school season and it's a differentiated high value-added range. I'm sure 
our consumers and hope that consumers should like them. 
Sharan: 
Sure, sir. Yes, appreciate that. One follow-up and sir, yes, if you allow me. So the Government 
of India is pushing for Make in India for toys segment and there is a lot of buzzword on that and 
the import substitution. Can you throw some light on like contribution towards that like your toy 
segment, how it is going to contribute to that? And are there any benefits from Government of 
India like PLI and as such? 
Rahul Shah: 
So our participation in the toy segment is through an associate company called Clapjoy where 
we own 30%. We are seeing good traction in sales in Clapjoy. During the third quarter, Clapjoy 
revenues were close to INR 2 crores which represents a growth of about 35% year-on-year. The 
products which Clapjoy sells are now co-branded with DOMS. So we are seeing a traction in 
this segment. 
But honestly, we have not yet learnt and do not have our learnings in this business segment. But 
with a lot of government initiatives, plus I think during the recent budget also there were some 
announcements which we are actually not yet gone through in detail, we will be doing this 
subsequently. We shall have a good plan for this segment, but as of now, not something which 
is significant. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Manish Goyal from Thinqwise Wealth Managers. 
Manish Goyal: 
Couple of questions. First, congratulations Rahul Bhai, on very good set of numbers. Sir, on full 
capacity, how much revenue can Unican -- Uniclan can generate for the -- for FY'26, or maybe 
if you can give us what is the full-scale revenue potential? And you did mention that we aspire 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
for double-digit margin. So can we achieve it for full FY'26 or you probably see that double-
digit margin in the second-half of FY'26? That was my first question. 
Second question was on domestic sales, excluding exports, if you see a domestic in nine months 
has grown 30%, but if we exclude Uniclan, then it looks like 22% growth. But within that or 
probably if we look at your product-wise, now the scholastic stationery and scholastic art 
materials has probably grown, probably mid to-single digit. So how should we read into this, 
and what can we expect? Was it a capacity constraint at your end, or if you can just throw some 
light? 
Third, on overall, how was the volume growth and price growth, probably the growth what we 
saw 22% in domestic, how much was probably price growth within that? And can you clarify 
on the capex number for entire FY'25 and FY'26? You did mention but I missed it. Yes. Thank 
you so much. 
Rahul Shah: 
Thank you Manish Bhai. Manish Bhai, in terms of first part of your question was with respect 
to Uniclan and the business plan. Honestly, sir, this is the first time we'll be doing an exercise 
with the management of Uniclan to make our business plan for the next year. That is something 
which is ongoing in-process and our business plan for the coming year should be ready, before 
the end of this financial year. But with the current capacity that has been put up and the utilization 
level that, ideally we can reach the peak level of utilization, we can reach with the current plan, 
the sales potential is close to between around INR 250 crores to INR 300 odd crores. But having 
said that, when we reach there and how we'll go about it, it's something which we'll have more 
clarity, probably during our next conversation, our next call.  
In terms of revenue growth in the nine months, you said, excluding Uniclan, our domestic growth 
was about 22%. Yes, because Uniclan is predominantly a domestic business. So when it gets 
consolidated, the proportion of domestic sales increases. In our core segments, excluding 
Uniclan, scholastic stationery business grew by almost 12.5%. This was primarily on account of 
increasing in some of the key products under this category. In terms of scholastic art there was 
a marginal increase of 2.4%.  
Sir, you should always, also look at the growth that we've done in kits and combination pack. If 
you look at the growth in kits and combination pack, you will see a growth of almost 10 plus 
percent in revenue. They now contribute close to 9% of our total revenue. So this segment 
basically, the product here gets manufactured using mainly products from scholastic stationery 
and from scholastic art material. So it doesn't directly sit as sales in these two categories, but it 
is contributed towards sales of kits and combination pack. So therefore, you'll see a little less 
growth in scholastic stationery and scholastic art, but then those products are actually sold as a 
kit and combo pack. So that's where some amount of growth is there. But having said that, this 
scholastic art especially, we've not added capacities, significant capacities in the last few 
quarters, that is something which we plan to do going-forward.  
Always, our key driver of our growth has been the volume -- increasing volume, which comes 
from increasing capacities, where we've increased capacities in the past or the capacity increase 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
is ongoing, that is where you see higher-volume and overall growth coming in. I forgot the last 
part of your question. 
Manish Goyal: 
So Rahul Ji, like maybe was there any probably price hikes or price increase which would have 
helped us for a stronger revenue growth? It could be a function of your -- you would have taken 
price hikes, one or maybe you have a better revenue mix. If you can share your perspective? 
And my last question was on the capex front, so just to clarify for FY '25 and '26. 
Rahul Shah: 
Yes. So in terms of price increase, there were not substantial price increases in our product -- 
any specific product or any product categories. In certain cases, there were -- which is again 
comes from the cost sheet approach we have where you see the raw-material or any cost 
significantly increasing, that time you need to increase the prices, where you feel that there is a 
need, we increase our prices either to the customer or to the direct consumer through increasing 
the MRP. But yes, change in the sales mix does result in higher ASPs and though we are not 
seeing significant change towards premiumization, but yes, there are certain new products which 
are slightly better in terms of MRPs being added. So there is a slight positive mix coming from 
the change in the sales mix. But largely the growth is coming from the volume growth.  
And in terms of capex, like we said, we believe we will end this year with a capex of close to 
about INR 160 crores to INR 175 crores. And in the coming year, our target capex would be 
close to INR 200 crores to INR 225 crores. 
Manish Goyal: 
Right, sir. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Aradhana Jain from B&K Securities. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. While all my questions have been answered, just one question 
on your brand-wise revenue growth. So if you could throw some light on how have Amariz and 
Fixy Fix, how are they performing? And in the “Others” category that you bifurcate, we have 
Amariz, Fixy Fix and now we also have Wowper, right? So like if you could just tell us how -- 
which brand has contributed, how much? 
Rahul Shah: 
So Aradhana basically, Fixy Fix and Amariz are our baby brand for niche products. Amariz is 
used for fine art materials which we manufacture and sell, it's sold as DOMS Amariz. The other 
brand Fixy Fix is for our adhesive range where we have a range of products for scholastic use 
by school children as liquid gum and glue and the white gum. These are comparatively very 
small right now, but have decent potential. 
Other brand is C3, which does for the quarter, we did a business of close to INR 10 plus crores. 
This is our economical range of product, specially targeted towards the rural market where we 
have multiple SKUs in terms of polymer pencils, erasers, sharpeners, so it's a separate. It's 
branded as C3 only, manufactured by DOMS but branded as C3, while the other brands are 
under the DOMS umbrella. 
And in terms of Wowper, whatever sales you see from the baby hygiene segment, that's all from 
Uniclan, whereby the OEM business is about 15% to 16% and rest all is under their own brand, 
which is now co-branded with DOMS which is DOMS Wowper. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Aradhana Jain: 
 
Got it. Thank you. That is helpful. 
Rahul Shah: 
 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Rahul Shah: 
Thank you. I would like to thank once again all of you for joining us on this call today. We hope 
we've been able to answer most of your queries. Please feel free to reach out to our Investor 
Relations team for any clarification or further queries or feedback. Thank you once again. Wish 
you all a good day going forward. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes the conference. Thank you 
for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
