                
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Registered Office: # 215 Atrium, C Wing, 8th Floor, 819-
821, Andheri Kurla Road, Chakala, Andheri East, 
Chakala Midc, Mumbai- 400093, Maharashtra, India 
Tel: 91 22 61539999 
Corporate Office: # 202, A-Wing, Galaxy Towers, Plot 
No.1, Hyderabad Knowledge City, TSIIC, Raidurg, 
Hyderabad - 500081 Telangana, India 
Tel: 91 40 2354 9414 / 3311 
Email: info@suvenpharm.com I Website: www.suvenpharm.com I CIN: L24299MH2018PLC422236 
CSD/BSE&NSE/CC/2024-25 
February 18, 2025 
 
To 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064 
Scrip Symbol: SUVENPHAR 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2024 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 
2024 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on February 12, 2025.  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
Kundan Kumar Jha 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and Head-Legal 
 
KUNDAN 
KUMAR JHA
Digitally signed by 
KUNDAN KUMAR JHA 
Date: 2025.02.18 
12:45:15 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q3 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Suven Pharmaceuticals 
Limited Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and a statement to this effect has been 
included in the invite, which was shared with everyone earlier. I would also like to 
emphasize that while this call is opened to all invitees, it may not be broadcasted or 
reproduced in any form or manner. 
We will commence the call with “Opening Remarks” from the Management, followed 
by an interactive question and answer session. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing "*" 
and then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho, Head, Investor Relations. 
Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you, Darwin. Good evening, everyone and welcome to Suven's Q3 & 9 
months FY'25 Earnings Call. 
It is our pleasure to have you all here with us today. I am pleased to introduce you 
to you all to our Management Team who is present here with me today. Our 
Executive Chairman – Mr. Vivek Sharma, our Managing Director – Dr. Prasada Raju, 
our CEO – Dr. Sudhir Singh, and our Chief Financial Officer – Himanshu Agarwal. 
After our “Remarks,” we will open the floor for Q&A. 
I will now hand over the call to Vivek to share his insights on the “Quarter” and 
“Recent Developments.” 
Vivek Sharma: 
Thank you, Cyndrella. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. 
Thank you for joining us, and we sincerely appreciate your time and continued 
interest. 

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
The global CDMO landscape continues to be on a transformation path with supply 
chain derisking efforts by innovators and growing demand for specialized 
capabilities, driving significant opportunities, especially for the Indian CDMO market. 
Suven and Cohance platform continues to strengthen its position and excited about 
the immense potential as innovator companies to scout for reliable, science, and 
technology-based partners. We at Suven and Cohance continue to receive higher 
number of RFQs, it is about 2x in the 9 months versus last year, which is a reflection 
of the confidence that leading global pharma and select biotech companies have in 
our capabilities. 
In the last few months, we have made significant progress in line with our strategic 
vision of becoming a technology-led CDMO with a global footprint. With the 
acquisition of Sapala and NJ Bio in Princeton, New Jersey, this is strengthening our 
position in the fast-growing niche technology market of Oligo and ADCs. Our vision, 
I shared recently, is to become a US $1 billion revenue company with a significantly 
higher share of CDMO and a higher mix of niche technologies. 
• 
Our vision story will be driven by a diversified growth strategy built on three 
key pillars of pharma CDMO, specialty chemical CDMO, and APIs, ensuring 
steady and predictable growth 
• 
By increasing a mix of differentiated modalities including ADCs, 
oligonucleotides, and other emerging technologies to accelerate growth and 
enhance business defensibility. 
• 
A programmatic M&A approach to acquire differentiated assets. 
• 
And the professional management organizations with strong leadership. 
Over the past few quarters, we have prioritized team building by strengthening our 
R&D capabilities, establishing global commercial presence across the US, EU, and 
Japan and by streamlining back-end operations. We are confident in the foundation 
we have built to drive long-term growth. 
We have recently been honored with the title of “World's Best Company Sustainable 
Growth for 2025” that was awarded by Times and Statista. And I am thankful to our 
team for the efforts that they have put in getting us to that goal. Our facilities have 
been recently audited for SA8000 certification. We expect to receive this status very 
soon. 
And lastly, on the ESG front, we have submitted our SBTi commitment for all three 
types of emissions. With all these drivers, we are really excited with the potential that 
we have to create value. 
With that, I will ask Dr. Prasada to kind of give an update on Quarter 3 as well as for 
the first 9-Month Results. Dr. Prasada. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Thank you, Vivek. A warm welcome to all of you. 
We will take this opportunity to take you through Q3 and 9 months of FY'25 
“Performance Highlights”: 
Our financial performance is in line with our communicated expectations of growth 
in H2 of FY'25 and on a full year basis. 
On a pro forma combined basis, subject to regulatory approval of the merger, our 
revenue has grown by 40% year-on-year in Q3 FY'25, and by 5% year-on-year in 
nine months of FY'25. 

 
Page 3 of 14 
 
As communicated earlier, due to the industry’s lumpy nature, reviewing the business 
performance on an annual basis provides a better assessment. We continue to build 
granularity in our business, diversifying different modalities to deliver steady growth 
throughout the year. 
Regarding pharma CDMO, revenue growth segment grew by 101% year-on-year in 
Q3 and 11% year-on-year 9 months of FY25 on a pro forma combined basis. Our 
RFQ movement continues to remain strong with a 2x year-on-year increase in 
inbound inquiries. We have expanded our commercial team presence across US and 
Japan. 
Our strategic focus on increasing laterals is delivering results reflected in the 
expansion of our Phase-3 pipeline. We have recently added a few molecules to our 
Phase-3 pipeline. One molecule has advanced to Phase-3 and one we have directly 
added to Phase-3. This brings us the Phase-3 projects to 15 with 9 active molecules, 
which was 12 at 7 molecules when we spoke last quarter. We are excited about the 
faster progress for some of the products and look forward to updating you more in 
FY'26. 
Further, as previously highlighted, there has been a positive readout on one of the 
Phase-3 molecules of our strategic partner. 
We also wish to take you through some of the key milestones in our customer 
engagement: 
We have onboarded one of the top 5 global pharma leaders for early to mid-phase 
projects, which solidifies our strategic value. Further, as Vivek has mentioned, in 9 
months FY'25, we have accelerated our market position in niche technology 
capabilities through two strategic acquisitions, which enable us to differentiate 
ourselves as a platform technology-led CDMO. 
Sapala Organics, which establishes our expertise in oligonucleotide chemistry, 
allowing us to expand into high-growth nucleic acid therapeutic segments. 
NJ Bio, this establishes our end-to-end CRDMO leadership in antibody drug 
conjugates through our ability to support global pharma from early stage 
development to full-scale commercial manufacturing, as well as across the entire 
value chain covering payload-linker synthesis and bioconjugation, which is unique 
by itself. 
This acquisition of NJ Bio has also built a global footprint for Suven platform, enabling 
onshore capabilities in the USA and capturing a larger share of the high growth 
antibody drug conjugates. This is also being driven by a deeper penetration into a 
Camptothecin based space with existing and designer payloads, along with very 
encouraging clinical progress, as we are speaking around 40% of the clinical 
candidates are in a Camptothecin based when the payload is disclosed. And supply 
at a commercial scale to existing and new customer, which will propel the growth for 
future to have a dominance in the CDMO play. 
We remain focused on integration efforts to benefit from business front-end 
synergies. We are also investing our time and effort in cGMP facilities to scale up 
both the businesses. These technology additions have actually enabled us to stay 
relevant to our customer, position ourselves as a valuable partner for our customers 
for niche and specialized drug development needs. 

 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Moving to specialty chemicals CDMO – In line with our communication in Q2, the 
challenges have bottomed out. And we have started seeing the recovery trend with 
early signs of demand stabilization. Our strategic investments made during the 
downturn are yielding results, strengthening our position for accelerated growth in 
FY'26 as a dedicated strategic business unit. We also have felt the need of 
strengthening our team with the seasoned leaders who will support our execution 
excellence and the growth of the strategic business unit. 
Regarding API plus business – this segment has seen 29% of year-on-year revenue 
growth in Q3, and 17% year-on-year growth in 9 months of FY'25 on a pro forma 
combined basis, underscoring our thesis and a competitive advantage in achieving 
global leadership with a curated portfolio. We are also continuing our focus in pipeline 
expansion with the new product additions to foster long-term and sustainable growth. 
Thank you, everyone. And now I will hand over the floor to Himanshu to share some 
more details about our “Financial Performance.” Thank you and over to you, 
Himanshu. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone. We are excited to share that Quarter 3 has seen 
strong growth as expected. 
Revenue growth in Quarter 3 has been 40% year-on-year, driven by robust demand 
across all business units and our adjusted EBITDA margin is at 38.7%. For the 9 
months of FY'25, our revenue growth is 5% year-on-year, reinforcing our resilience 
and long-term scalability with adjusted EBITDA margins at 34.8%. 
In the 9 months ending December ‘25, our CAPEX investment is Rs. 2.3 billion, which 
has been allocated to capacity expansion, ensuring that we stay ahead of the 
demand curve. And cash generation remains good, with Rs. 3.2 billion being 
generated during the same period. We continue our strategic investment strategy 
focused on scaling R&D, manufacturing, and specialized CDMO platforms. 
With respect to Cohance merger – the shareholder approval was received with 
99.99% votes in our favor. The final NCLT meeting is scheduled for February 18th. 
Subject to regulatory approvals, the merger is expected to be effective within the 
next 2 to 4 months. 
I now hand it over back to Dr. Prasada for sharing our outlook. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Thank you, Himanshu. 
As committed, we wish to cover briefly guidance and long-term growth aspirations: 
We reaffirm our FY'25 guidance with year-on-year growth on a pro forma combined 
basis for the full year and with an accelerated growth trajectory in FY'26. 
The pillars of this growth shall be strengthening our global customer relationships 
and we are deepening ties with top tier global innovator companies, reinforcing our 
leadership as a trusted and preferred CDMO partner of choice, expanding leadership 
in antibody drug conjugates with end-to-end capabilities along with NJ Bio and 
oligonucleotides. Our acquisitions position us as a dominant player in these high 
growth areas and we have a first-mover advantage while growing RFQs validate our 
expertise and hypothesis. 

 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Enhancing specialty business CDMO, leveraging our differentiated technology 
platforms to create new opportunities and unlock long-term value, including the 
Agrochemical side of the business. 
Regarding API Plus, we will still leverage our cost leadership position and backward 
integration capabilities with global capacities and regulatory track record that we 
have to expand market share and global leadership in the existing molecule, 
continuous new product development will fuel the further growth. 
With this, I wish to say thank you all of you, and we will hand over the session to 
Cyndrella. Thank you. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you, Dr. Prasada. With that, I now request Darwin to open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The next 
question is from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshit Shah: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, I have a couple of questions. One is 
on the last call, you had mentioned that there were two molecules that kind of cleared 
Phase-3, one from the Suven side and one from the Cohance side. Just wanted to 
know, were there any revenues from those molecules in this quarterly results? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Himanshu, you want to say this? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So, at this stage we haven't seen any acceleration in the growth from those two 
commercial molecules. But yes, we are expecting that as the innovator continues to 
expand the molecules, because they would have obviously taken some extra 
material in preparation of the penetration of the batch. And therefore we expect the 
demand to come back shortly. 
Darshit Shah: 
Got it. And one of the molecules you mentioned is also kind of shown, I mean for 
second indication. So, does that mean that, I mean it would be kind of used for some 
other treatment apart from what it was initially trialed for? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
That's what we learned. I think it has cleared the primary endpoint study. And it's 
quite exciting the results what we have learned. As you understand, we can supply 
some initial developmental quantities. And customers prefer to maintain some stocks 
for their launches as well. But it's a process that we have to undergo. 
Darshit Shah: 
And for the Cohance molecule, would you want to throw some light on that? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, one molecule, last time we said it is commercial and we are able to supply 
quantities regularly. And between H1 and H2, at least two lots, we could have 
submitted to them and we expect the same kind of growth momentum next year as 
well. 
Darshit Shah: 
Got it. And sir lastly, although I understand we were the only company who kind of 
participated in the JP Morgan Healthcare Conference some time back. So, would 
you like to throw some color on how was our, I mean, response from the Indian 
CDMO side and what kind of response did we get from the US clients? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Vivek, can you take this question? 

 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Vivek Sharma: 
Thank you. It was a pleasure to participate. And I think we are really proud to 
represent the country there. But the response is very positive. We are getting a lot 
of traction, a lot of meetings. I was on a call very late last night to explain our 
capabilities. And some customers are visiting us very quickly. But overall, we are 
excited with the participation. We are excited with the traction we are seeing. And 
we are excited with the engagement we are having with customers. 
Darshit Shah: 
Thank you, sir, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Good evening. My question pertains to the NJ Bio Pharma acquisition. Is it possible 
for you to explain the accounting of the acquisition in the current reported financials, 
the financing of the acquisition and also your outlook on the business? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Himanshu, can you take up this question? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes, so, Gagan, thanks for the question. So, there are three parts to the question. 
So, first is the financing. I think during the acquisition call, we had explained that it is 
completely self-funded. There is no loan that we have taken to fund the entire 
acquisition. Number two, the acquisition was completed on the 21st of December. 
And so there is, as you know, that it is a US-based client, so we have kind of 
practically had very few working days in the 21st December to 31st December. In 
terms of an outlook, I think we will continue to share the outlook as a consolidated 
platform. Unfortunately, we don't give outlook of entity or business separately. And 
accounting-wise, I think if that is the question, then accounting-wise it will be 
consolidated. It's a subsidiary for us and with a 56% ownership. So, it is completely 
accounted and consolidated with Suven Pharma. 
Gagan Thareja: 
So, it will be 100% consolidated and then netted out for minority share? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
That's correct. 
Gagan Thareja: 
My second question is on the working capital. For Suven standalone, the working 
capital has gone up from 108 to 138 days, if I read it correctly, whereas for Cohance, 
it has gone down 9 months this year. Anything you can elaborate on the increase in 
working capital for Suven? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So, I think from a standalone perspective, the higher sales is increasing the debtors 
because there are all these not new debtors that kind of comes in and so that's from 
that perspective and from a consolidated perspective, there would be NJ Bio that 
also gets added to the entity. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Thanks for taking my questions. I will get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congrats on good set of numbers. First one on 
our long-term guidance that we have put out on billion-dollar kind of revenue by 
FY'30. I would like to understand when do we start seeing that kind of acceleration 
in our topline? While we are seeing that in Q3, but on a 9-month basis, we are still 
at low growth because of issues in Spec Chem business, etc. So, is it more, let's say 

 
Page 7 of 14 
 
in a near term, where we should see the acceleration or let's say it is part of the 
timeline range, how should we think about it? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Thank you, Kunal. A few comments from our side. It's always important to 
understand this nature of the business which is cyclical in nature. Quarter-on-quarter 
will always be counterproductive to assess the business. However, long term, we 
definitely feel quite excited about it. As we have been saying, at a combined platform 
level this year, we will grow, but definitely 25-26 onwards, we will see the traction of 
the growth. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And sir for this traction to happen, or whatever, you have built in, the potential 
projects that we might need to execute for that traction, would you say they are 
already more or less in place? And then it would not build a lot of new project 
expectation? How is your expectation there? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
It's a combination of both because we also have seen almost 2x of RFQs. That itself 
is a very comforting factor. Second important strategic initiative what we have taken 
around year back, which is definitely yielding us well, is on the focus on laterals. If 
we have to say X is a number on a full year basis of last year, that has actually almost 
1.6x to 1.8x currently within 9 months. So, our strategic intent of lateral is also 
expanding the pipeline. It's only a question of how soon we will see the improvement 
in the overall RFQ conversion. Second, we also need to understand the highest 
growth driver is going to be on the antibody drug conjugate payload, coupled with 
both existing Cohance Suven, along with NJ is also going to propel the growth. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sir. And for this niche segment, I know NJ is not there in this quarter. But when 
you look at on a pro forma basis on a 9-month basis, NJ, our ADC, Cohance ADC 
platform, and maybe Sapala as well. How have those three segments on a year-on-
year basis in first 9 months would have done? A broad range would be fine in terms 
of the topline growth? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, as Himanshu was rightly mentioning, we have internally agreed that we should 
only focus on the overall segment level. We will be constrained to the specific each 
line item by its numbers to you, Kunal. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Sorry, I will just supplement what Kunal is asking. So, Kunal, in the presentation that 
we have uploaded, we have shared the segment-wise growth. And we have called 
out, for example, pharma CDMO is at 100% for the quarter, APIs around 29% for the 
quarter on a combined basis. So, we have called it out. I don't want to waste 
everyone's time in terms of reading those numbers. But we have called it out in the 
presentation. Secondly, I think what's also important is that, as Dr. Prasada alluded, 
the NJ Bio will give us a significant synergy, which has not been called out as yet. I 
think Dr. Naresh Jain was in India and he's again coming to India. We are kind of 
working very extensively on the entire ADC strategy and the ADC synergy that we 
will work together. And as Vivek had mentioned, even in the JPMC that there is this 
East and West combination that we are trying to work through. You are aware that 
we have given a growth CAPEX to NJ Bio and we are keen to kind of create a 
commercial facility in New Jersey to accelerate the growth and to create the synergy 
aspect. The third thing which is also important is that, while we are looking at CAPEX, 
we should also consider the fact that Suven has in last year added Rs. 400 crore 
almost of PPE, which has come through the inorganic acquisition. And that's also a 
growth CAPEX, the way we consider that. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Thank you and all the best. 

 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
Thank you for this opportunity and congratulations for good set of numbers. Sir, I 
have a very basic question. Once you start the commercial supply, if you can explain 
the process of ramp up from the client side. So, ideally the ramp up should be at an 
accelerated pace in the initial phase at least. If you can just explain the process, how 
does the client approach the ramp up and after the initial batch of commercials, does 
it take another 6 months for the ramp up, or how does it work, if you can help them? 
Sudhir Singh: 
I mean, since we both are in a separate place, that's why this confusion. So, let me 
tell you that the way it works, like you all know how we travel with the molecule. We 
start sometimes Phase-1 and Phase-2. We move to Phase-3 as the molecule moves. 
But it's a very dynamic situation. Sometimes you get enough information that how 
the molecule is moving, how is the data coming out. Sometimes you don't get it. 
However, we have our own way of finding out from the different reports how the 
molecules are moving. But generally, the customers start planning material pile up 
probably a year before the launch. And as you see some of the Phase-3 which has 
a good readout this year, and for next year, they already have material. So, probably 
the calendar year 26, they will be requiring the materials for some of these launches. 
So, that's an example basically, but every customer has a different philosophy. Some 
of the customers do the final API in their own site. Some of them do with some CDMO 
in Europe and US. So, their sourcing strategy remains different. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay, this is helpful. And sir, second is on the Oligo side. So, generally, ADC is the 
most spoken about space. If you can just help us understand, where are we in terms 
of, we know the capabilities, but from the ramp up perspective, where are we, is it a 
clear out story for Oligo to play out for us? If you can just give a broad perspective 
on how to think about Oligo? 
Sudhir Singh: 
So, Oligo is a broader term. Oligo has many components, Amidites, Cyclic P-
Amidites, Phosphoramidite and these are the stages where people go. Our expertise 
lies in mostly constant nucleic acid chemistry, cyclic nucleic acid chemistry, and 
Phosphoramidite. So, the first step is that we are getting ready for the GMP 
manufacturing of Amidites, which is the first step for Oligos. And that facility should 
be ready sometime towards the end of this calendar year. And we have already 
started talking to our customers, the customers who were involved with us in the 
discovery phase and early development phase, and they have a need in our GMP 
scale. So, we have already started engaging those customers. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Karthi from Suyash Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Karthi: 
Good evening, Dr. Prasada. I am just following up what Chirag asked. It seems that 
the approvals for one of your clients is coming through reasonably rapidly for 
additional indications. Where exactly do you stand in terms of capacity availability 
and therefore how soon would you have to think in terms of expansions? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Since Dr. Sudhir has actually explained, I will add a few more points. The real ramp 
up, we will get to know once it is at the Phase-3 level. And quantities ramp up, we 
have a visibility for launch preparation. And of course, once the launch is happening, 
then the acceptance of the material at the market, once the launch happens, there 
again ramp up happens. So, we are at the stage where we supply launch quantities 

 
Page 9 of 14 
 
then followed by the commercial quantities. It is normally a few quarters of activity, 
nothing beyond. 
Karthi: 
Would you want to address the constraint aspects, sir? Would there be a possibility 
of running into capacity constraints? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Capacity side, as you understand when the cyclical nature was slightly hitting us, we 
don't have any capacity challenge right now and we have enough invested in the 
existing site and also in additional site of Suryapet and these molecules are 
predominantly manufacturing at our Pashamylaram. Normally, we have volumes for 
the commercialization ahead of the commercialization. Hence, we don't seem to 
have any challenge as far as the capacity is concerned. 
Karthi: 
One broader question, sir. Now that you are an integrated entity on the ADC platform, 
you have a linker also through NJ, what is the process involved for transitioning a 
customer to multiple availing of multiple services, assuming he was only availing of 
one? How exactly can you transition? I am asking this because there may be an 
incumbent whom you may have to replace or supplement. So, how exactly does that 
process work? And what are the timelines involved in achieving this? Some 
indication would be interesting. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
There are two ways to look at it. Existing customer, normally when they are doing it, 
they have payload and linker and bioconjugation. Currently, hypothetically, NJ Bio is 
doing everything. But what they are not able to do here is on the GMP manufacturing 
of the payload, which the synergy comes from our site of Cohance and Suven. 
Karthi: 
Sure. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Number two, some of the customers where we have on the payload side of it, they 
also need a linker capability and the bioconjugation capability. It's a solid example of 
cross pollination on both the sites. Timing-wise, it all depends. For example, if the 
product is at early stage, switch happens much faster. If the product is of about 2A, 
2B, and Phase-3 level, it's 3 to 6 quarters of a time where the qualification has to 
happen, samples have to be submitted, site has to be submitted. That's where one 
can look at it. 
Karthi: 
So, for your existing commercial, if you had to plug in the linker part, it's a 3-to 6-
quarter kind of a timeline. Is that a reasonable thing to take away? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
That's right. 
Karthi: 
Fair. Thanks for clarifying and very best wishes, sir. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press * and 1 if you wish to ask 
questions. The next question is from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity again. Just following up on the last participant's 
question about the cross-pollination that you mentioned on the linker and 
bioconjugation site, do we have a GMP certified facility where we can do it on a much 
bigger scale for a commercialized molecule or can NJ Bio handle the kind of volume 
at this point or are we going to put some CAPEX here? 

 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
For linker and bioconjugation, it has been upfront captured as a part of our acquisition 
of NJ Bio. Our aspiration is to create that CAPEX in US. Second, for making the 
payload, we already have invested sufficiently and based on the project progress 
and the business progress, we might extra invest on the payload where we have 
enough competencies from USFDA approved site. We can manufacture from 5 gram 
to 5 kilo to 50 kilos. That's a linear scale of competencies that are already available. 
So, as such, we don't seem to have any kind of a capacity constraint because we 
have clear plan of action to expand the capacities along with the business progress. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And since there is no plan for capacity expansion as of now, does it mean that the 
capital expenditure over the next one year is expected to come down for us? And if 
yes, what is the outlook there, what are we kind of baking in at this point? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, it's very early to comment Kunal, because this is a very exclusively expanding 
space. And if a customer comes in with a large volume product, we might have to 
commit. So, we wanted to be extremely flexible on the capacity expansion. For our 
few quarters of needs, we don't seem to have any challenge. And for commercially 
approved products, for example, we supply two payloads to existing approved 
products. There in the next 3 to 4 years, we don't seem to have any kind of a 
challenge. There we have enough and have created the capacity. For the new 
products, which we are getting into Phase-3 and which are getting into commercial, 
we have to keep calibrating and accordingly commit the CAPEX. It's very early for 
us to commit that we don't want to do anything on the ADC part of it. We want to be 
open-minded. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sir. And just one more understanding on these latter projects that we are 
getting. How do you see these projects? Are these kind of supply chain de-risking at 
this point or more like a substitution of existing CDMO with Suven’s antibodies or are 
you striving with the substitution? Obviously, there's geopolitical risk, but is it more 
like substitution or is it an additional source or de-risking the supply chain? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
You yourself you have well answered, Kunal. I will only add one component which 
you have not covered, which is if a new acquisition happens by a large pharma to a 
small biotech company, it is not necessarily that they have to follow the same supply 
chain. They always look at their own supply chain as a large pharma and we come 
into a play. This is one more reason along with supply chain de-risking and along 
with creating alternative approved vendor sites. Combination of all these reasons, 
we are able to see the traction. Not just that, we also have changed gear and 
analyzing the pipeline and prospectively talking to the innovators saying that we have 
relevant expertise with us because we also have proven experience of handling more 
than 1000 products and more than 5,000 chemistries that we have handled on scale. 
That gives comfort to the customer that we can handle their requirements at a GMP 
scale. On top of it, we have experience of handling the projects at commercial scale, 
supplying consistently for the last two and a half decades from USFDA approved 
sites. All these things play an important role. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. One for Himanshu, on the increase in the depreciation and 
amortization this quarter, what is driving this and is this a sustainable run rate that 
we should look at? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So, Kunal, I think the deprecation would also, as I mentioned, that there is a Rs. 400 
crore of PPE which gets added by virtue of the acquisition. So, there is a growth 
CAPEX that comes in by virtue of the inorganic growth. There is an increase in 
deprecation on account of that Rs. 400 crore, which I believe is not being factored in 
from a normal organic CAPEX that we are adding. 

 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Basically, the PPE is coming, but revenue is not because of the last couple of weeks 
of consolidation. Is that the way I need to understand? 
Sudhir Singh: 
Yes, because NJ Bio was earlier there. So, it's only 4-5 days, which is there. So, I 
think once the revenue comes in, then it will kind of flow in from that perspective. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Thank you, Kunal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishant Vass from 360 One Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Nishant Vass: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on the good numbers. So, just two questions. First on the 
ADC side, and I am obviously not asking you to talk about customers, but there has 
been obviously a paradigm shift change in terms of how FDA has approved one of 
the global customers, ADC, as a primary, let's say, primary method of going against 
some of the breast cancer issues. From an opportunity landscape, do you think this 
kind of, if this kind of progress is made on the technology standpoint, this can be a 
paradigm change in terms of potential addressable opportunity for some of 
customers which might or might not be, you might not have it, but from a therapy 
standpoint, that can be a big change? And if the success rate of these is more and 
much higher on camptothecin based payloads, please correct me if I am wrong, that 
you guys are one of the best in terms of doing S-Trione and SN-38. So, effectively 
with NJ and the specialized linker capabilities, shouldn't your success rate with 
customers potentially go in different phases, in different ADCs go up? And how are 
you seeing customers, new customer addition pipeline probably progressing in the 
next 12-24 months on this account? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Thank you, Nishant. I will address the first point, as you rightly mentioned, the latest 
two approvals have happened in the ADC space, where the approved products in 
camptothecin have become from 13 to 15. Both of them are related with 
camptothecin only. One is with one large pharma company, and second one is bit of 
a change on the monoclonal antibody side of it. The key lesson for us is camptothecin 
based products are actually moving well. And the product what we have been 
supplying to the innovator, that range is becoming a gold standard within the same 
therapy segment. That's the first key learning. Second, they're also carrying several 
clinical trials where we are already a qualified supplier for them. From an important 
point on the second element what you mentioned, when we compare last year same 
time to now, the extent of the camptothecin based from a topoisomerase standpoint, 
from a clinical stage, it has actually substantially increased from 25% to 30% to 
where the payload names are undisclosed, if you can remove that. In the rest, it is 
40% of the current pipeline is with camptothecin based payloads, where we have a 
substantial advantage of abilities to manufacture the key fragment of both S-Trione 
and SN-38. Not just that, we have a capability of expanding to designer payloads. 
That's where we are able to onboard a couple of more customers as well. 
Combination of these two will certainly be of help to us. 
The third element which you were trying to mention is, as you understand the overall 
space, earlier there used to be a lot of research on all three segments, on the 
payload, on the linker, and the monoclonal antibody and bioconjugation. But what is 
happening right now is that predominant research is happening on the linker and 
bioconjugation rather than having deeper expertise and deeper research on the 
payload. Payloads are more or less standardized. Currently upwards of 70% is 
constituted by tubulin inhibitors and topoisomerase. That's where NJ Bio plays an 

 
Page 12 of 14 
 
important role where they have a solid 500 plus linker database with them. Abilities 
to do the bioconjugation and from this side, we have a gold standard camptothecin 
based designer payload capability. With all these factors, we strongly feel we will 
definitely be able to foster the growth with our existing customers and new customers 
as well. 
Nishant Vass: 
Perfect, thanks a lot. And my second question is, obviously you seem to be getting 
strong commercial success in late stage and even Phase-3 commercial molecules. 
Some of your peers are not seeing the same success, at least on the commercial 
grade, when we can't have a conversation with others. Like what you touched upon 
in the previous question, but can you delve more into detail as to why is customer 
coming to you for a Phase-3 substitution vis-à-vis others, like what are you bringing 
to the table which is much more different than others who are not seeing the same 
thing come to them? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Well, I will add a few points then hand over it to Sudhir as well. First and foremost 
the thing is, as an organization, we have unique proven competency for the last two 
and a half decades of supplying these registered starting materials and key starting 
materials to the innovator companies from GMP capabilities, abilities to do the 
consistent scale up and supply. Our OTIFs have already been more than 98%-99% 
plus. And customers have actually seen our proven competencies. Number two, 
because we are present in the value chain of our abilities to supply these consistently 
on a commercial scale from Phase-3 to or Phase-1, 2, 3 to commercial along with 
the patent lifecycle, which is not the case with many of the companies that you must 
be referring to. They are at very early-stage discovery phase, but we have a proven 
competency of getting into clinical phase, travel all the way to the commercial phase. 
This is the second differentiation that we learned is actually helping us. Because of 
some of the latest acquisitions and our proven competency of demonstrating that 
chemistry on scale for more than 4,000 plus, that is also matching with our 
competencies and customer able to see that there is nothing called this company 
has to learn. It is just they have to reproduce what they have done. These are all the 
three major reasons which are helping us to have more successes on the lateral side 
of it. I will also request Sudhir to add, if at all I am missing something. 
Sudhir Singh: 
I think Prasada, you have covered most of the things, but one thing I would like to 
add that when we took over this journey from the previous management and our 
strategy was very clear to go after the customers with a lateral approach. Of course, 
it takes time, it's time consuming. So, that strategy has paid off. We are seeing some 
fruits of that. Second also, our track record of delivery, as Prasada said, the type of 
chemistry we have done, really what you have done. So, the track record, the 
flexibility, and that's what everybody looks after that. How good you are in terms of 
solving problems and flexibility. And these things are paying off. I think we are still a 
long way to go, but I think our strategy of going after big pharma and going after our 
laterals, that strategy is showing the results. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Nishant, we also wanted to share our excitement to you is the last year in full, 
because our changes have actually started reflecting only in H2 of last year. If the 
number is X in 9 months, we are almost at 3x level. So, you can imagine as Sudhir 
has rightly mentioned, what is the conscious effort that we are keeping to ensure that 
we secure more opportunities. 
Nishant Vass: 
That's quite clear. Thanks, Dr. Prasada. Thanks, Sudhir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Gagan Thareja 
Thanks for taking the follow up. If I look at the balance sheet that you put in your 
presentation, Suven and Cohance pro forma, there's an entry, forward liability of Rs. 
651 crore. Can you elaborate on that? And also, in the intangible assets of Rs. 745 
crore, can you segregate out the goodwill? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So, Gagan, the forward liability is on account of the liability to acquire the balance 
equity of both Sapala and NJ Bio. So, in the agreement that we have, we have the 
right to purchase Sapala. And as far as for NJ Bio, we have the right to call as well 
as for them write to put option. So, that's essentially that leads to a future liability that 
is there. The PPA, purchasing price allocation right now at this stage, it is still to be 
finalized. So, these are tentative numbers as yet because the law allows us to kind 
of finalize by the end of the year. However, from where it exists right now, there is, I 
mean these numbers may change, but I am still giving to you that there's around Rs. 
550 crore of goodwill which is sitting there. And so that's how goodwill value is. 
Gagan Thareja: 
On the forward liability, as in when you exercise your rights, what impact, I mean, 
how does the accounting treatment of that happen and how does it change your 
balance sheet? And what is the corresponding asset side entry of this one? I am 
sorry, I am unable to understand that. Can you explain that? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes, if you want to do it on the call, I can try to give you that kind of perspective. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, I have a suggestion. So, if you can maybe communicate back to him, it might be 
difficult for us to explain in detail. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
We will come back to you, Gagan. Maybe it is easier. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Gaganji if it is okay with you, we will come back with the specific narrative. That would 
be helpful to you. 
Sudhir Singh: 
We will take it offline, Gagan. Thank you. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Alright. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Karthi from Suryash Advisors, 
please go ahead. 
Karthi: 
Doctor, a couple more of questions. One is, how do you see the specialty business 
shaping up? Have you seen sufficient recovery? I mean, I saw the numbers of 
course, but can you talk about what 2025 calendar looks like and some color would 
be helpful? I have one more question, but if you can answer this first. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Even last quarter also, we were actually mentioning this, Karthi. What we learned 
from our key partner is the recovery is better and the current quarter we see that 
much more stabilization is happening. Next year in full, we see that the growth is 
going to come back to us fully. On top of it, there are a couple of products which are 
in the pipeline and for our partner approval is taking little longer time. For one 
product, the approval also has come in that's what we learned. So, all in all, next 
year is going to be an accelerated growth for Ag Chem specialty chemical BU. 
Karthi: 
Interesting. So, if that approval comes through, you would have five approved 
molecules, right, which are in commercial stage in the portfolio. Is that correct, 
doctor? 

 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
It is fourth. 
Karthi: 
Fourth. I thought fifth. Sorry. The other, you know, if you had to hazard a guess, I 
don't want to use that word, whatever, if you had to visualize. When exactly could 
Sapala have a commercial molecule? Is there any kind of visibility at all? Because 
that would make it even more interesting. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, this business, as Sudhir has rightly mentioned, it is going to take a little longer 
time because the products as such are at a very nascent stage. But full-scale 
commercialization, we need to have a GMP facility which we don't have it today. And 
we are actually making it ready by financial year, current calendar year itself, it will 
be fully up and running and we have some customer qualifications coming. Unless 
we have the GMP facility ready qualification happens, predominantly it's going to be 
a developmental sale. It is a midterm phenomenon if I have to say. However, there 
are a few opportunities which we have been working. We might end up supplying 
some of the very basic raw materials to them, yet it can be commercial. So, you 
should allow us for some time to come back with a specific answer. Otherwise, we 
are working on both. One, a basic chemical is supplied to somebody. Somebody 
makes the product. Finally, it goes to the innovator, you are still a commercial 
supplier. Number two, you become the GMP supplier. Second, takes a little longer 
time, which we feel it is a midterm phenomena. First should be a short term 
phenomena for us. That's how team is focused right now.  
Karthi: 
Yes, that helps quite a bit, doctor. Thank you very, very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have no further questions, ladies, and gentlemen. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining. Thank you, Darwin. And we will see you on our 
next earnings call. Thanks a lot, everyone. Have a good night. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
