 
Sai Life Sciences Limited
 
CIN: U24110TG1999PLC030970 
 
Registered Office: 
 
Plot No.DS-7, IKP Knowledge Park, 
Turkapally (V), Shameerpet Mandal, 
Medchal-Malkajgiri Dist-500078, 
Telangana, India. 
 
T: +91 40 6815 6000,  
F: +91 40 6815 6199 
 
E: info@sailife.com 
www.sailife.com 
 
Corporate Office: 
 
# L4-01&02, SLN Terminus, Survey #133, 
Gachibowli Miyapur Road, Gachibowli, 
Hyderabad-500032, Telangana, India. 
 
 
Date: 12.12.2025 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: SaiLife 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 544306 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Call for the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended on 31 December 2024 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the 
transcript of the Earnings Call for Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended 31 December 2024 held on Friday, 07 February 2025, at 4:30 PM (IST). 
 
The transcript is uploaded on company’s website on below link: 
 
https://www.sailife.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/Sai-Life-Sciences_Q3FY25-Earnings-Call-
Transcript.pdf 
 
We request you to take note of the same and oblige. 
 
Thank you. 
 
For Sai Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
____________________________ 
Runa Karan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A13721 
 
Encl: As above 
SIGN
RUNA 
KARAN
Digitally signed by 
RUNA KARAN 
Date: 2025.02.12 
12:11:19 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNA KANUMURI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SIVA CHITTOR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sai Life Sciences Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participants’ line will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddesh Chawan from EY. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good evening to all the participants on this call.  
 
Before we proceed with the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors. 
It must be viewed in conjunction with our business risk that could cause future result 
performance or achievements to differ significantly from what it is expressed or implied by 
such forward-looking statements. Please note that we have mailed the results and the same are 
available on the Company's website. In case if you have not received the same, you can write 
to us, and we will be happy to send the same over to you.  
 
To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have the top management 
of Sai Life Sciences Limited, represented by Mr. Krishna Kanumuri – Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Siva Chittor – Chief Financial Officer.  
 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the Company and quarter gone by and then 
conduct a Q&A session.  
 
With that said, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Krishna Kanumuri. Over to you, sir.  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
Thank you, Siddesh. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. It's my pleasure 
to welcome you to the first conference call from Sai as a public Company. It's a great 
experience for us. We are really excited about the progress we have made. I want to share our 
performance for the last quarter and give you an overview of our strategy going forward.  
 
But before we begin, I really want to thank all our investors and shareholders who participated 
in the IPO and made this place the trust in us. And we take this very seriously. And we are 
really focused on building long-term value for all investors.  
 
A special thanks to our bankers, legal counsels and all stakeholders who played a critical role 
in guiding us through this process.  
 
Most importantly, I want to extend my heartfelt gratitude to the entire Sai Life Sciences team. 
Their dedication and hard work have been instrumental in shaping the Company into what it is 
today.  

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
And let me start with a brief introduction of the Company: 
Sai Life Sciences was founded in 1999 with a vision to be a trusted partner to global 
pharmaceutical and biotech innovators. Our journey began in Hyderabad, India, where our 
founder of Dr. K. Ranga Raju recognized an opportunity to create a world-class research and 
manufacturing organization rooted in scientific excellence and operations efficiency.  
 
From day one, we have been focused on accelerating the journey of molecules from discovery 
to the market by providing best-in-class Contract Research Development and Manufacturing 
(CRDMO) services. Over the years, we evolved from being a Chemistry service provider into 
an integrated, end-to-end solution provider, catering to the leading innovators from U.S., UK, 
EU and Japan.  
 
A key strength of Sai Life Sciences is the culture and the team. Our culture is based on a high 
level of transparency, focused on fundamentals and building empowered teams. We have one 
of the most experienced senior leadership teams in the CDMO industry, with over 25 years of 
average experience of fully integrated global teams across India, U.S. and UK, which brings 
diverse experiences and a foundational scientific team we have dealt over the years and further 
strengthening our ability to serve clients with industry expertise. This deep sector knowledge 
combined with our relations, relentless focus on innovation has positioned us as a preferred 
partner for global pharmaceutical companies.  
Today we serve 300+ active customers, including 18 of the top 25 global pharmaceutical 
companies. We have an impeccable track record of 100% successful regulatory inspections 
across both our R&D and manufacturing facilities, including approvals from USFDA and 
PMDA.  
 
One of our early milestones was establishing a cutting-edge R&D centre in Hyderabad which 
became the foundation for innovation-driven approach. This phase of development was 
focused on process research and early clinical supplies. Soon after, we strategically expanded 
to Bidar, setting up a large-scale manufacturing facility designed to handle and deliver 
complex, innovative clinical and commercial APIs.  
 
In 2020, we established our ‘Centres of Excellence’ in Manchester, UK for Process Chemistry, 
and Discovery Biology at Cambridge, USA, allowing us to better serve customers closer to the 
innovation hubs and significantly expand our scientific team. These facilities enable our 
customers to have face-to-face interactions with the Sai scientists and to accelerate the pace of 
tech-transfer to India and getting new programs started. The expansion reflects our 
commitment to being a global, integrated CRDMO partner and not just an outsourced service 
provider.  
 
Today, Sai Life Sciences is at the forefront of India’s rise in the global pharmaceutical clinical 
landscape. We supply over 31 commercial molecules and have a strong development pipeline 

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
of life-saving medicines across diverse therapeutic areas, oncology, metabolic diseases, CNS 
disorders, inflammation, antivirals, and rare diseases.  
 
While I have set the narrative on an overall basis for who we are, I would like to focus on a 
few pointers for investors and analysts to understand our market positioning and aspirations.  
 
We are one of the few companies that is globally competitive across the full range of 
integrated services by discovery, development to commercial manufacturing. The most 
successful companies in the CDMO sector over the last two decades have been WuXi and 
Pharmaron. The key to their success has been the ability to offer high-quality services at scale 
across the drug discovery development and commercialization journey.  
 
The pharma industry is getting increasingly competitive with time-to-market being one of the 
key success factors. All things being equal, innovators want to work with companies offering a 
broader range of services as it reduces the time and effort that is needed to transition between 
development stages, eliminating the need to break faster. We admit from a scale standpoint, we 
have a way to go. At foundational level and at scientific level, we are now able to compete 
qualitatively globally on all these areas.  
 
Over the last decade, we have built a very long-standing relationship with large pharma 
innovators and the biotech ecosystem which has become a strong mode for us as we strive to 
grow the business by increasing both the breadth and depth of our services and these 
relationships. And we are seeing tremendous traction and see strong momentum because of 
relentless pursuit of this strategy and by making strategic investments in both people and 
infrastructure at the appropriate time.  
 
The second aspect is the CRDMO business itself is inherently lumpy in nature. You are 
basically working through a complete product development cycle. You are not dealing with a 
mature product or two. This can give rise to short-term spikes in our financials. These are 
about new products being launched in markets through the cycle, Phase 1, Phase-2, or multiple 
phases based on critical data.  
 
So, it's a long lead cycle business, and we would urge all analysts and investors to analyze us 
from a 3 to 5 year horizon perspective, as opposed to focus on short-term results which could 
then lead to questions topmost the mind of most investors. How do they look at our future as 
we go forward? 
 
While we adopted a policy of not giving specific guidance on any parameters, the long-term 
aspirations will go up to CAGR 15-20% when you consider 3 to 5 year blocks and ensure that 
margins continue improving as we move on this path.  
 
Siva will speak a bit more on the financials in his prepared remarks, but I felt it was very 
important to set this marker. So, we can focus on the direction of business as we meet at the 
next conference call.  

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Now turning to our performance for Q3, '25: 
We are pleased to report healthy performance this quarter, driven by our focus on expanding 
capacity, embracing cutting-edge technologies and meeting evolving needs of the industry. 
This quarter we delivered 15% year-over-year growth, with our CDMO and CRO businesses 
contributing 60% and 40% total revenue, respectively.  
 
Our EBITDA grew by 19% year-over-year, with a margin expansion of 110 basis points, while 
the PAT grew by 29% year-over-year, supported by operational efficiencies and strong order 
pipeline. Again, Siva will dwell deeper into financials, but I am just stating the top line 
numbers.  
 
What gives me confidence for this business as we move forward? I like to enumerate a few 
areas where we believe our model and expertise will play out. A broader set of offerings, as 
mentioned earlier, we are not a one-trick pony. And hence our broader sales funnel enables us 
to bringing customers at different points of the development journey. And we are able to cross-
sell more effectively because of our multiple service offerings.  
 
And with supply chain diversification post-COVID, everybody is actively looking at credible 
sources outside of China. And India only has 5% of the global market. So, we have enough 
room for significant growth in the coming decade easily.  
 
Long standing relationships, while I have spoken about this initially, this remains a premium 
strength. We worked with 18 of the 25 big pharma companies. And these relationships have 
been cultivated over the years. With this as a base customers, we have expanded the service 
needs across multiple modalities. Our ability to meet these diverse demands and get products 
to market is a value proposition few Indian companies offer.  
 
Sustainability remains the key pillar for our long-term vision. We continue to integrate 
responsible practices across our operations focusing on energy efficiency, digital 
transformation and innovation in sustainable manufacturing.  
 
Our investment in renewable energy, including a 2.7 megawatt wind turbine, has significantly 
increased the use of green energy at our Bidar facility to 89% in FY '24. We remain committed 
to reduce our environmental footprint, enhancing workplace safety, fostering an inclusive 
workforce, while delivering long-term value to our stakeholders.  
 
In closing, we firmly believe that India is entering a golden era in the global pharmaceutical 
innovation. Historically, only a few companies have successfully scaled as integrated players. 
But over the next decade, India is set to emerge as a major player in the global innovation 
ecosystem with the ability to match China's scale while maintaining the cost efficiencies.  
 
India presents a compelling alternative for global pharma companies seeking long-term 
partnerships. Looking ahead, we are confident in our ability to build on the momentum we 
have established. We are committed to further enhancing our technological capabilities, 

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
investing in infrastructure and expanding the global footprint. We are excited about the road 
ahead and remain focused on driving long-term value for all our stakeholders.  
 
With that, I would like to hand over the call to Siva Chittor, our CFO, who will provide an 
update on our financial performance for Q3, '25.  
Siva Chittor: 
Thank you, Krishna. Thank you everyone for joining us today. I am pleased to share our Q3 
FY '25 Financial Performance. This reflects our continued business momentum, our 
operational discipline and strong customer relationship.  
 
The small molecule outsourcing business remains robust, with both the CRO and CDMO 
segments meeting anticipated growth trends. Revenue growth across both segments reflects 
increased business from existing customers and products as well as new collaborations.  
 
This quarter, our revenue from operations grew to 440 crores, a 15% increase compared to the 
384 crores in Q3 FY '24. This growth was on account of continued momentum across the 
CDMO and the CRO business which account for 60 and 40% of the total revenue 
approximately.  
 
Margin improvement remains a key focus with multiple operational efficiency activities 
underway. For Q3 FY '25, our EBITDA margin increased to 28%, up from 27% in Q3 FY '24. 
This steady margin improvement reflects enhanced operational productivity, operating 
leverage, and cost control initiatives that we had undertaken during the year.  
 
Profit before tax saw a significant increase of 35%, rising from 53 crores in Q3 FY 24 to 72 
crores in '25. Our profit after tax rose to 54 crores in Q3 '25 from 40 crores in Q3 '24, which 
reflects a 36% growth. The improved profitability is primarily driven by strong revenue growth 
and cost management and stable finance costs.  
 
Employee cost of the period increased by 9%, moving from 122 crores in Q3 FY '24 to 133 
crores in Q3 FY '25, aligning with the increased billable headcount in relation to the discovery 
business. This increase also reflects our continued investment in talent and organizational 
growth, which is very critical for a business that is based on people and talent.  
 
Finance costs remain relatively stable at 23 crores for Q3 FY '25 compared to 23 crores in the 
same quarter last year, indicating effective debt management and working capital. As of 
December 24, the Company had repaid 585 crores of debt out of the planned repayment of 720 
crores of the IPO proceeds. The remaining debt was repaid in January and we expect a 
reduction in interest cost in the current quarter.  
 
Our earnings per share increased from Rs. 2.2 in Q3 FY '24 to 2.9 in Q3 FY '25. This reflects a 
32% year-on-year increase.  
 
Now, coming to the nine months’ performance: 

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Performance for the nine months ended December 31st, 2024, as compared to last year's same 
period, showed an overall increase in total income from 1,052 crores to 1,142 crores. This 
reflects 9% growth.  
 
Our EBITDA margin rose to 24% compared to 17% in the same period last year. And this 
reflects a 700-basis point improvement.  
 
Our profit before tax for the nine months grew significantly from 33 crores to 109 crores in 
'25. This reflects an increase of 228% and our profit after tax grew 207% to 82 crores from 27 
crores in fiscal '24.  
 
Gross margin for the period was around 73%, up from 69% in the previous period. Employee 
costs rose in line with our strategic investment in talent and the growth and discovery business 
increased from 364 crores in '24 to 398 crores in '25.  
 
Operating cash flows to the 9 months ended December 24 was 246 crores. This represents 92% 
of the EBITDA for the period. The Company recorded a positive free cash flow of 21 crores 
during this period.  
 
Capital expenditure for the 9 months ended December 24 was 300 crores. The Company added 
100 KL to its manufacturing capacity in November and expects to add another 100 KL in Q1 
FY '26.  
 
Average capacity utilization for the nine months ended December 2024 was 65%. In addition 
to this manufacturing capacity addition, the Company expanded the discovery R&D capacity 
in Hyderabad by 15% to addition of lab spaces for chemistry and biology.  
 
We believe that growth is on account of the long-term growth strategy that was initiated in 
2019. And we remain committed to expanding capacities and enhancing technological 
capabilities to drive long-term growth. Our ongoing investments in digitization and automation 
are key to improving our operational efficiencies and positioning the business for sustained 
success.  
 
As part of our strategic financial management, we are utilizing the proceeds from the IPO to 
repay debt, strengthen our balance sheet and reduce financial leverage. This proactive 
approach supports our long-term growth and operational flexibility.  
 
Over the past five years, we have consistently invested in expanding capabilities, including 
advanced technology platforms, scientific expertise, and infrastructure enhancements. These 
investments are translating today into higher customer retention, an increasing share of 
projects and a growing pipeline of opportunities.  
 
As alluded by Krishna, we will emphasize improving margin and we aspire to reach an 
EBITDA margin range of 28 to 30%. For the next four to five years, we aim for a revenue 
CAGR of around 15 to 20%.  

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
That said, I would like to reiterate that the business has certain amount of lumpiness and 
quarterly swings. And hence, we would like the investors to look at a longer horizon to 
evaluate the Company.  
 
Looking ahead, we remain confident in our long-term growth trajectory. The global 
pharmaceutical and biotech industry continues to shift towards outsourcing. This is driven by 
the need for innovation, efficiency, speed and scalability. With our established relationship, 
integrated capabilities, and track record of execution, we are well positioned to capitalize on 
this trend.  
 
Additionally, we see strong demand across our CDMO business, as pharma and biotech 
companies seek cost-efficient, high-quality manufacturing solutions and supply chain 
diversification. The aging global population and increasing healthcare needs will continue to 
drive long-term demand for pharmaceutical innovation, creating significant opportunities for 
our business.  
 
From a financial perspective, our focus will remain on maintaining revenue growth, optimizing 
margin and improving cash flow efficiency. We will continue to invest in expanding capacity, 
strengthening our talent base and enhancing operational efficiency. This, we believe, will drive 
sustainable and profitable growth.  
 
To conclude, Q3 FY '25 was a robust quarter, marked by healthy top-line growth, improving 
profitability and a promising outlook for the future. Our integrated business model, strong 
customer relationship, and financial discipline position us for a long-term value creation. We 
remain committed to delivering sustained growth, enhancing shareholder value, and 
strengthening our market leadership.  
 
Thank you. I would now like to open the floor for the Q&A session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Binay Singh from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.  
Binay Singh: 
Hi, team. Thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations for a good set of numbers, and best 
wishes for the journey ahead. My first question will be on the biotech funding in U.S. One of 
your peers talked about the pace of recovery being more gradual than they anticipated. Thus, 
the discovery business revenues were slower than what they were expecting a few quarters 
back. How is the demand environment that we are seeing?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
The discovery business, if you look at it, it's in a different cycle at this point. If I just have to 
go back and take a step back, a lot of money is coming into biotech, but it's going into later 
phase programs. A number of new Company startups have not really started yet. You will 
probably see the new Company formation start right after some consolidation happens.  
 
So, we are seeing a lot of consolidation right now. And the consolidated entities are raising 
money. And these companies are expanding. But the new Company creation definitely has 

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
slowed down. Time frame is hard to judge. It's your guess as good as mine in terms of when 
new Company formation is going to start. But the demand from the larger players has been 
pretty robust at this point.  
Binay Singh: 
Right. So, in light of that, like, when we look at seasonality from the limited data that we have, 
typically Quarter 4 is the strongest for the Company. Would that still hold with the visibility 
that you have today?  
Siva Chittor: 
Yes, broadly, without giving a specific guidance, Binay, I think Quarter 4 has generally been 
the strongest quarter that we have had. And Quarter 3 and Quarter 4 relatively, H2 is generally 
stronger than H1, which is, you know, it's the case with most of the CDMO business across, 
and we also believe that it will be the same way.  
Binay Singh: 
And lastly, just on capacity and CAPEX, I saw the comment that you made about 65% 
utilization rate of capacity. That would be as of, so in a way, the November facility would only 
be available for one month. So, the actual utilization rate that you would have in this quarter 
would have, in a way, come down. So, do you think, do you expect any adverse impact of that 
on margins?  
Siva Chittor: 
I don't believe so, Binay. I think the second set of capacity, because we believe that there are 
products that are ready to go into this facility. Not that they will all be at the 65-70%, but we 
don't believe that this will impact the margin, you know, significantly.  
Binay Singh: 
That's good to know. And lastly, just on CAPEX, we have done around 300 crores in the nine 
month. If you could give some guidance for the full-year number and for next year.  
Siva Chittor: 
I think based on how deliveries and how, you know, things reaches our side, this expenditure is 
based on how we book our numbers. We probably expect to add another 100 to 125 crores in 
this current quarter.  
Binay Singh: 
And how to think about it for next year? 
Siva Chittor: 
We are working on much more details and as we kind of finalize our plans, we will come back 
to you with some more specific items.  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
Just to give you a perspective, Binay, a little bit about what we have done so far is, we have 
completed some land acquisition in the last quarter. We have doubled the land area we have 
available for our research centre in Hyderabad. We have bought land for another site in 
Hyderabad for manufacturing. And we also bought a lot of ground in Bidar to expand our 
footprint there.  
 
Right now, we are in detailed planning stage, both from a revenue guidance standpoint and 
investment across all three areas of our business: discovery, CMC, and development. We 
expect we will have significant investment, not investment, but increase in capacity across all 

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
three areas based on the demand we are seeing right now from our customers. And we will 
update you as soon as we make a little bit more clarity on the numbers.  
Binay Singh: 
Great, team. That's encouraging to know. I will come back in the queue. Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to all the participants that you may 
press "*" and "1" to ask a question. The next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from 
Kotak Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.  
Alankar Garude: 
Hi, good evening, everyone, and thank you for the opportunity. So, firstly, can you comment 
on the visibility for the CRO segment in particular, given that the funding environment is not 
fully back yet?  
Siva Chittor: 
Alankar, what we are seeing, and I think based on the whole integrated discovery strategy that 
we had put in place, we are seeing a reasonable trend in terms of growth. And that is kind of 
reflected in our numbers for this year. I believe that the funding situation is not 100% back to 
where it probably was during the COVID period. And I don't believe that we will get to the 
COVID period funding.  
 
But our understanding of what we are seeing is that there is a reasonable amount of traction in 
the business. That said, one of the increased focus for us as a Company is to kind of add 
increased, you know, traction with the large pharma customers, which has also helped us kind 
of take care of any specific shorter term funding related issues.  
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. The second one is more on the, I mean, both on CRO and CDMO, actually. 
Qualitatively, possible to provide some color on the number of RFPs as well as the number of 
client audits, which you have been seeing over the last one? Specifically within that, is there 
any change in these RFPs as well as client audits given the delay in the Biosecure Act? 
Krishna Kanumuri: 
Alankar, we don't really focus too much on RFPs per se. We focus much more on customer 
visits and what we are seeing. But what I can definitely say is that from the pharma standpoint, 
nothing has changed. I think pharma has made a long-term decision to kind of diversify from 
China. It's just a question of customer concentration. I think this deleveraging started back in 
post-COVID.  
 
I think Biosecure probably just pushed it in the right direction. I think nobody seems to be 
going any slower. I think they are accelerating their plan, not accelerating their plan, but just to 
be very kind, Pharma came with a 5–10-year horizon. They haven't come and said, we are here 
today, I want you to perform tomorrow. They are really building these relationships slowly. 
So, I think, fundamentally, I think we are seeing that traction continue.  
 
And what you are saying in terms of the Biosecure Act, biotech funding is more to blame 
rather than the Biosecure itself. I think any biotech with funding is looking at both China and 
India's options. So, we are not seeing any change in terms of people's strategy. It's the timing 
might change based on the funding environment.  

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Siva Chittor: 
Alankar, just to kind of go back to the prospectus that we had filed, even prior to Biosecure 
and post-COVID, if you look at our number of products that we have tech transferred from 
other geographies as a means of supply chain diversification, we have actually added more 
than 15 products that have moved from a different geography into Sai as part of supply chain 
diversification. And we continue to see a lot more traction in that area.  
Alankar Garude: 
That's helpful, sir. And one bookkeeping question. You mentioned the split between CRO and 
CDMO for the nine months. Possible to share that for the third quarter as well? 
Siva Chittor: 
I think it is almost, you know, reasonably similar, but I can come back to you with specific 
numbers, Alankar.  
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Mathur from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead.  
Nikhil Mathur: 
Good evening, all. I think your comments on margins and growth are kind of pretty well 
understood, for me at least. The challenge I see is that if I assume a 400, 500 crore of CAPEX 
over the next three, four years, I don't find the asset turns to be improving quite meaningfully 
from where they are at currently. Given that the utilization is at 65%, I estimate that the asset 
turns on a full balance sheet basis will be 0.5 to 0.6x, and on a fixed asset turns basis will be 
1.1x to 1.2x. So, any particular reason why asset turns are slightly on the lower side for a 
business which is also 40% into CRO?  
Siva Chittor: 
So, Nikhil, I think even when we had given the numbers for fiscal 24, our asset turn, the net 
fixed asset turn excluding CWIP was around 1.2x. I would guess we would probably be around 
the same number at the end of the year, somewhere give or take. CRO does not necessarily 
mean lower expenditure.  
 
I think what we need to understand is biology, the MPK, automations all call for huge 
expansion with respect to equipments and analytical instruments that we need to buy. So, I do 
not believe that just because it is discovery that the asset turn should be higher. And if you can 
look at the global trends and Indian peers in CRO, you will find that the asset turns are fairly 
similar. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Okay. So, just trying to understand the capital efficiency of the business, where does it settle 
at? Because margins are improving this year. I think, if let's say all goes well in 4Q and you 
close FY '25 with 24-25% margins and 65-67% utilization, which is what you have disclosed, 
the capital efficiency of the business or return on equity will be 9-10%. So, what are your 
thoughts over a 3-4 year period where this capital efficiency number can kind of settle at if 
there is no major levy available on the asset turn side?  
Siva Chittor: 
I think our aspiration on the ROCE side, I am looking at more return on capital employed, is 
probably a mid to high teens over a 3-4 year period. That's really what we aspire to get to.  

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Okay. And for that to happen, a minimum 15% gross CAGR has to happen and that you are 
quite confident of in a 3-4 year timeframe. Is that the right way of looking at it?  
Siva Chittor: 
That is the right way of looking at it. And that's really what we are, as we see today, we believe 
that that is something that is possible.  
Nikhil Mathur: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav from Fidelity Investments. Please go 
ahead.  
Madhav: 
Good evening. My question is similar to the earlier participant's question. If you are investing 
about 400-450 crores in CAPEX this year, and you must maintain that run rate going ahead, 
that's just an assumption. If we are guiding 15-20% revenue growth, that would still mean that 
our assets would remain a bit underutilized. Is it fair to assume that we are being a bit 
conservative in our guidance that if some of the pipeline comes through, we can grow a bit 
faster? Is that how we should read it? Because otherwise, we are investing more than what we 
are guiding for in terms of growth. So, just try to connect the two and make a better 
understanding. Thank you.  
Siva Chittor: 
So, Madhav, what we are guiding you is a 3-4 year period kind of a growth rate. The 
investment period for any asset to become productive is 18 to 24 months before they actually 
become productive even to do 1% utilization. And then at that point in time, you start utilizing 
the asset. So, there is obviously some bit of underutilization that is factored, and that's kind of 
the nature of the industry. Unfortunately, that's how the industry works.  
 
If a customer does not see a facility up and running, a product is at a Phase-2, let's say, in 
clinical trial, it will be very difficult as a partner to kind of go ahead and actually capture that 
business. So, you are right about there is this phenomena in the industry. And that's why we 
are saying, and then look at the global trends. Go back and look at WuXi. Go back and look at 
Pharmaron. Look at anybody in the global sector, people who have been reasonably successful, 
considered very successful in the CRO/CDMO business. I think globally, the asset turns, the 
ROCE is all guided by factors of continuous investment. And if you do not invest in the 
shorter term, our overall growth rate over long term will suffer. While we will be able to 
continue to show a better ROCE, we will not be able to show growth and revenue on a 
consistent basis.  
Madhav: 
No, that makes sense. And given that, if you just look at the, of course, we have only three 
years of data, even recently listed Company. It seems that, you know, we have stepped up on 
the CAPEX. If I look at FY '22, '23, '24, the combined CAPEX we would be doing this year is 
more than the last three years combined. So, basically, is that just qualitatively sign that some 
of the molecules in the pipeline are a bit more late stage, which could help in growth over a 2-3 
year period? Is that how we should read it? I mean, is that how the Company management is 
thinking as well?  

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Siva Chittor: 
That is true. If you look at the commentary that we had provided at the DRHP Stage 2, I think 
what we had stated is that there has been a lot of molecules that even got tech transferred from 
China, something that we also alluded to earlier in the conversation. A lot of these molecules 
are now reaching a phase where they are independently scaling up and we are seeing capacities 
getting utilized.  
 
I think what we are seeing from the way we look at the addition is not just the capitalization in 
the books, but more in terms of stating what we bought during the year. That is what I said, is 
300 crores. The cash spend will be slightly lower, and that just depends on the timing and 
payment and everything else. But it is, you are right, there are molecules that are scaling up, 
and these will kind of get to more efficiency as these molecules kind of become bigger by 
themselves.  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
Just adding a little bit, I think as we focus on commercial molecules, another trend which we 
have to look at, which is we are seeing very clearly, a lot of the development assets of large 
pharma are moving to India, especially beyond Phase 1 from China. So, we are seeing a 
significant increase of traction over the last couple of quarters in the number of compounds 
coming in just from development stage, which all will need plant capacity. So, we are seeing a 
new trend in terms of number of clinical trials likely to come in as well.  
 
So, there is definitely a lot healthier pipeline coming in because of the global strategy, which 
also will hopefully lead to better utilization of the CAPEX as we move forward. But the only 
thing is we can't, right, so that's why we say we are doing the detailed planning along with 
forecasts because we have a lot more data in front of us. That's the best way I can answer it 
right now.  
Madhav: 
No, that makes a lot of sense. Just one last follow-up question was, these molecules are kind 
of, you know, you are seeing an accelerated pipeline build-out is what I understand. Are more 
of these molecules versus the past, more in the later stage of the development cycle, like 
maybe Phase-2, Phase 3, where we are seeing, is that how we should understand?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
Actually, it's an interesting mix of other kind. I think we have always seen late phase because 
typically if you look at what used to happen, most of the molecules were developed in China as 
primary source. And they would come to India for secondary source. We used to see products 
generally later in the process.  
 
But what we are seeing is that now today we are seeing both late phase, which are coming 
from China, but we are seeing a lot more of the Phase 1 to Phase 3 assets coming in, which are 
moving much earlier than they did post-COVID.  
 
So, we are seeing a big pipeline of compounds coming much earlier. And that might be 
relatively key to us because we are very strong in development. That's a big area we are 
focused on. So, I think we are seeing a lot of traction on the development side as well of early 
pipeline coming from pharma, which was not the case before.  

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Madhav: 
And we are the primary supplier now versus being secondary. Is that a change as well that 
happened?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
It's hard to say at this point. It's too early to see where it's going to pan out.  
Madhav: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alok Dalal from Jefferies India Private Limited. Please 
go ahead.  
Alok Dalal: 
Yes, good afternoon, and thank you for taking my questions. So, Krishna, just to understand, 
for the CDMO business, for next year, the driver will be these existing products, or is there 
some new filing which has happened and you can see incremental growth from that?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
Alok, there are some products from the existing pipeline which are growing, but there are also 
a lot of other products also we are working on right now, which obviously will contribute to it. 
But existing pipelines will contribute to a significant part of that growth from visibility we 
have at this point.  
Alok Dalal: 
And within those existing, is it that you become a preferred supplier now versus a secondary 
supplier earlier?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
I don't have much data on that. I don't want to comment on that at this point. But it's just based 
on the maturing of molecules and growth of the molecules more than anything else.  
Alok Dalal: 
Okay. And is there any molecule from the partner side which is expected to go off-patent?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
Not next year, no.  
Alok Dalal: 
Okay. The second question is on the overseas sites, Boston and Manchester. Are they still a 
drag on profitability or you have seen a change here?  
Siva Chittor: 
There has been a change. It's not probably at the most ideal point that we would like it to be, 
but there has been a very positive change in terms of how those businesses are functioning.  
Alok Dalal: 
So, basically they are no longer a drag on profitability when you look at your third quarter or 
nine month number.  
Siva Chittor: 
Correct.  
Alok Dalal: 
Okay. And Siva, would you have the sales mix for 9 month FY '24, so same time last year? 
Would you have the sales mix between CDMO and CRO?  
Siva Chittor: 
Give me a second, Alok. I don't have this readymade with me, but I can send that out to you.  

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Alok Dalal: 
Okay, fine. Okay, thank you so much. We will connect offline.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Rahil Shah: 
Sir, when you mentioned in the early statements that you envisaged an EBITDA margin range 
of 20% to 30%. So, by when do you expect this starting to show on our P&L? Is it from next 
quarter you meant from slowly progressing from next year onwards?  
Siva Chittor: 
I think the 28-30% steady state that we are saying, we will get there in the next 2 to 3 years. 
That's our stated objective.  
Rahil Shah: 
So, this 27% or so which you did in the third quarter of this year, is that also sustainable for the 
next few quarters?  
Siva Chittor: 
So, Rahil, here is the thing. I think the business inherently has some amount of seasonality. So, 
you know, quarters where your revenues are lower, your fixed cost kind of then impacts your 
operational efficiency and then EBITDA and profitability. So, to that extent, the second half of 
the year will have a sustainable number that you are seeing today and the first half, as we get 
more commercial products and revenue becomes much more steady state and linear, will 
actually get us to 28-30%, and that's why we are giving us a couple of years, 2-3 years that we 
are talking about.  
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. And on the revenue front, when you mentioned this 15 to 20% CAGR, we can factor 
that in from the next year onwards, right, FY '26? Any outlook for this closing year?  
Siva Chittor: 
I don't want to give you any specific guidance, but I think one of the participants asked this 
question about the first half being lighter than the second half and Q4 being heavier than Q3. I 
would like to reiterate that without actually giving you specific guidance.  
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. No problem. Thank you, and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Radha Kothari from Archer Advisory. Please 
go ahead. 
Radha Kothari: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations to the management for the listing and the 
good results. Sir, just wanted to understand the employee cost. I was just going through your 
expense base and the employee cost in your Company is relatively very high as compared to 
the other listed CDMO peers. So, is there any one-off this or something has been, you know, 
preponed and that should be normalized going forward?  
Siva Chittor: 
I think if you look at the mix of the business that we have, 40% of our business is the CRO 
business and the 60% is CDMO, and we have a very big piece even within the CDMO that 
kind of works towards development. And in this particular segment of the business, employee 
is the biggest capital that we actually employ from running this business and hence employee 

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
costs of Sai cannot be directly compared to a pure play CMO, where employee costs are much 
lower.  
 
Now having said that, we have invested over the last couple of years in terms of significantly 
enhancing our employee talent base. This was done during the period when we were actually 
looking at 15 tech transfers to augment our overall commercial pipeline. What we believe over 
the next two, three years, this will help us get better leverage. So, if you look at where we are, 
you know, in terms of margin, some of the improvements in margin that we are talking about 
will also come from the overall reduction of employee costs as a percentage of revenue.  
Radha Kothari: 
This is very helpful, sir. Sir, just the whole industry, we are saying that in the recent past, we 
are very excited about the upcoming or the potential opportunities coming up in the states, 
especially in CDMO and mainly more on GLP-1 space. Are you also in line of pursuing those 
things? Do we have the capabilities for that? And have you seen any inquiries or the requests 
coming for this?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
Look, I think it's fair to say that there is a big shift in GLP-1 across all pharma companies. and 
anybody in CDMO business will see traction in the GLP-1 space. It could be peptides. It could 
be building blocks of peptides or even pure small molecules. We do have clinical assets in that 
space, but I won't comment beyond that, but I guess everybody will be involved in some form 
or fashion in the metabolic disease area.  
Radha Kothari: 
Sir, just last question. Can you just provide your CAPEX? Because I believe that being in the 
CDMO, the CAPEX usually is very high. So, what are the CAPEX you have earmarked for 
this year and if possible you can throw some light on the next year's CAPEX as well? 
Siva Chittor: 
So, for this year I think we have overall I think nine months we have said we have incurred 
300 crores. We will probably get to another 100-125 crores for the remainder of the financial 
year. As far as fiscal 26 is concerned, we are working through this process and we will come 
back to you when our plans are finalized and we will give more details to everyone.  
Radha Kothari: 
And would this be funded through internal accruals? 
Siva Chittor: 
It would be funded a combination of internal accruals and debt.  
Radha Kothari: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you very much, sir. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities Limited. 
Please go ahead.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sir, within the CDOMO business, can you also talk about how do you see commercialization 
playing out for your Phase 3 pipeline molecules? We had around 8 to 10 products in Phase 3. 
So, how many of those do you see getting commercialized from the next two to three year 
period and whatever your expectations are in terms of some of these Phase 3 products?  

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Siva Chittor: 
I think there is couple of products that are actually getting commercial by the end of this 
financial year, at least based on the PDUFA date that the regulator has given them. There is 
one large molecule that we are working on today that is in Phase 3. We expect that to kind of 
get to fiscal '26-'27 timeframe in terms of commercialization. We have a few other molecules, 
Rahul, but I am saying, you know, from an overall perspective, there is at least three, four 
molecules that we are seeing that will get commercialized over the next 2-3 year period.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay. And can you talk a bit more about this molecule in the large molecule category because 
historically we have focused on the small molecule segment. So, what kind of capabilities are 
we bringing to the table to scale up in the large molecule segment?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
I think he meant to have a large size of market, not the therapeutic molecule. So, I think Siva 
got that. We are talking about a large opportunity.  
Siva Chittor: 
Oh, there is no large molecule. Sorry.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay. Sure, sir. No worries. And sir, with respect to this CAPEX, which we are undertaking of 
around 350-400 crore, apart from capacity expansion, what kind of incremental capabilities are 
we adding on to the business? So, at the time of the RHP, we were also talking about having an 
Amidites block investing in oligonucleotide. So, have you any traction in some of these niche 
capabilities or segments?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
Rahul, just going back to what we have stated is that there would be four areas we are going to 
focus on. One is peptides, which we are having reasonable traction with. Another one is 
Amidites, which we are part of several commercial products on Amidites. Another is ADCs, 
and the next one would be basically any kind of conjugation technologies going for peptide 
conjugation, prototype conjugation. These are all three areas of interest.  
 
We have various conversations with multiple customers and opportunities going forward. And 
that's what we are evaluating of what we are going to prioritize and what we are going to do. 
But we have traction in all three areas, but we will prioritize it based on what is the most 
immediate need and what we can do most effectively.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
And for all of these segments, we would have the requisite capacities in place to drive growth 
in some of these segments.  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
We will have to, we are doing capacities on some scales, but we might have to enhance 
capacity depending on the demand situation coming up at this point. We have capabilities. 
Capacity will depend on the demand situation, but we have capabilities in all these areas.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And one last question from my end. Can you also talk about how has the scale-up 
been with respect to the dedicated project which we had with Schrodinger on the CRO side? 
Thank you.  

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Krishna Kanumuri: 
I would just, it's going very well. We have expanded that collaboration. I will leave it at that, 
but it's going well and it's expanded.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay. So, you had around 75 scientists dedicated to that project. So, have you increased the 
number of scientists, if you can talk on that?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
I don't think I am at liberty to share how much it grew, but it has grown.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay, sure, sir. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, if I look at our presentation, you have mentioned 31 commercial molecules in the current 
portfolio. If I remember correctly, that number used to be 38 molecules. Can you highlight the 
reason for this lower number in the current presentation?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
Alankar, it's 38 products going to 31 molecules. So, those couple might have two intermediates 
in there.  
Alankar Garude: 
Okay, understood. The other one is, can you comment about the pricing of FTs? There have 
been reports for the last one year about China being more aggressive. Anything which we have 
seen at our end or you continue to see the pricing being more or less stable?  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
China has been more aggressive. There is no question about it. They have priced more 
aggressively, but we have not dropped pricing. In fact, we continue to grow at the 2-3% 
increase annually for most customers, and we are sticking to our pricing at this point. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood, sir. Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Siva Chittor: 
Thanks everyone for the call and for all your questions. We remain committed to providing 
long-term share of the value and if you have any specific questions, I think, you know, 
appreciate asking us any questions now or, you know, we would talk to you again in the next 
call.  
Krishna Kanumuri: 
I am just kind of echoing Siva's comments. We actually feel very good about the business. A 
lot of opportunities coming our way. We continue to see business momentum, and we will 
keep you on the loop as we kind of evolve. Any questions, feel free to reach out to us.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sai Life Sciences, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your line. 

 
 
 
 
 
Sai Life Sciences Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
(This transcript has been edited, without altering the content, to ensure clarity and improve readability.) 
 
About Sai Life Sciences Limited (BSE: 544306 | NSE: SAILIFE)  
Sai Life Sciences is a leading global Contract Research, Development, and Manufacturing Organization (CRDMO) 
that partners with innovator pharmaceutical and biotech companies to accelerate the discovery, development, and 
commercialization of new medicines. Headquartered in Hyderabad, India, with a strong global presence, the 
company offers integrated solutions spanning medicinal chemistry, process development, clinical and commercial 
manufacturing, and advanced technology platforms. Sai Life Sciences is committed to delivering high-quality, cost-
effective, and scalable solutions while upholding the highest standards of safety, compliance, and integrity. With a 
focus on innovation and operational excellence, the company continues to strengthen its capabilities to support 
emerging therapeutic modalities and meet the evolving needs of the life sciences industry. 
For more information, please visit www.sailife.com  
For further details, please feel free to contact: Investorrelation@sailife.com 
