 
 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500355 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: RALLIS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the third 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024 
 
Further to our letter dated January 9, 2025, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analyst/Investors Call on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the third quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2024 held on Friday, January 17, 2025. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.rallis.com/investors/Financial-Performance 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rallis India Limited 
 
 
 
Srikant Nair 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
Encl.: as above 
SRIKANT 
SHIVDAS NAIR
Digitally signed by 
SRIKANT SHIVDAS NAIR 
Date: 2025.01.23 
13:47:49 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
Rallis India Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 17, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Rallis India Limited Q3 and 9M FY 
‘25 Earnings Conference Call.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR. Thank you and over 
to you, Mr. Desa. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Rallis India Limited’s 
Q3 and 9M FY ‘25 Earnings Call.  
We have with us today Dr. Gyanendra Shukla – the Managing Director and CEO; 
and Ms. Subhra Gourisaria – the Chief Financial Officer.  
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. 
A detailed statement in this regard is available in the results presentation. 
I now invite Dr. Shukla to begin the proceedings of the call. Over to you. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Thank you, Gavin. Good evening, everyone. And thank you for joining us today on 
our Q3FY ‘25 Earnings Call. As mentioned by Gavin, I have along side with me, 
Subhra – our CFO.  
Let me begin the discussion by dwelling into the Industry landscape initially, post 
which I will discuss Rallis’ specific developments.  
As far as crop sowings are concerned, Rabi sowings are roughly 61.5 million 
hectares, which are down by 0.5% over last year. That is the data available as on 
27th of December. With oilseeds lagging by 5%, wheat area is up by 2%, rice area 
is up by 5.6%, and pulses area is more or less same as last year. Reservoir levels 
are better compared to last year by 24% and 139% of the overall normal storage as 
of 26th December. 
While the overall headline for the monsoon is positive,  spatial and timely distribution 
was uneven. Also, the post monsoon season, with two cyclones Dana in October 
and Fengal in December created trade inventory pressure. Companies also resorted 
to aggressive trade schemes to liquidate the carry forward inventory, creating pricing 

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
challenges. Seed production continues to face the challenges for the second year in 
a row with volumes under pressure despite a steep increase in input costs. 
Agro chemicals export demand continues to remain weak due to over supply from 
China, price deflation and reduced margin. In 2024, the Chinese agro chemical 
market underwent a significant change, marked by global companies adopting 
supply chains and exploring strategies like internationalization, increased 
transparency amid challenges of over capacity and strengthened partnerships. All 
the key regions have seen degrowth in agrochemicals, mainly in central and South 
America, followed by North America, Europe and Asia-Pac, and Middle East and 
East Africa in 2024.  
Moving to Rallis’ specific developments: 
During Q3 our revenue was Rs. 522 crore, which is a 13% degrowth, PAT was Rs. 
11 crore versus Rs. 24 crore last year, mainly due to volume drop in exports. 
Domestic agrochemicals business registered a volume growth despite intense 
market competition. Export business continued to reel from market challenges, 
resulting in degrowth of roughly 38%. 
Our long-term effort to expand the customer base and improve cost competitiveness 
continues. Seed business was same as almost  last year at Rs. 30 crore versus Rs. 
32 crore last year.  
Moving to individual businesses wise performance: 
Our export business was down by 38% with volume dropping by 34% and price 
dropping by 4% over Q3 of the previous year. We faced weak demand for most of 
our key products in Q3.  
Hexaconazole is showing good traction with process debottlenecking helping the 
business register highest ever volume outlook for the year.  
Even in Metribuzin, our volumes are strong on YTD basis with positive outlook from 
one of the global majors.  
Acephate, as highlighted in the earlier calls continues to face margin challenges due 
to steep volatility in the input cost material and high supply situation. We are working 
on several alternatives including flexibilizing the plant and optimization of overheads 
to improve profitability.  
Pendimethalin is facing pressure due to high inventory with the customers. In line 
with our strategy on improving the process efficiency we are going to go live with the 
Continuous Stirred Tank Reactor process in Pendimethalin this quarter.  
We are also in the final stages of commercializing new technical Metalaxyl-M from 
our reverse engineering pipeline and are confident of the long-term potential of the 
product, both for domestic and international markets.  
Even in the CSM business, our efforts on expanding customer base and working on 
new chemistries is progressing well. We have also set up labs for new chemistries 
and are working with 10 new customers. We are confident these efforts will start 
contributing meaningfully to our top line and bottom line in the years to come. 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
To drive synergies, we have also brought all B2B businesses under one roof. This 
will help drive strategic partnerships and alliances for both domestic and international 
markets.  
Moving to the domestic market: 
Crop care business grew volumetrically but was down by 2% due to steep price 
correction. However, on YTD basis, the crop care business has grown by 6% with 
volume growth. Our key focus segment of herbicide and biologicals and specialty 
solution have grown by 41% and 21% in volume, respectively in domestic business 
during this quarter.  
Within biological and specialty solutions, GeoGreen, RalliGold Granule and Bio 
Stimulants  did the highest ever sale on YTD basis. Water soluble fertilizer has also 
scaled up fast with 80% growth in the last nine months. However, we recognize these 
segments need far more focus and nurturing to improve resilience and drive both top 
line and bottom-line improvement.  
Our innovation turnover index is in the high teens, in line with our ambition. We 
believe there is still a gap in our ability to launch and scale new products. And are 
taking efforts to revamp our go-to-market and 360 degree marketing approach. Our 
digital based influencer approach to improve engagement with the farmers is also 
being piloted and we expect to roll this nationally soon. We are also working on 
boosting the digital marketing approach and have gone live with WhatsApp for 
business to improve farmer connect.  
Moving to seeds business: 
We recorded Rs. 30 crore revenue as against Rs. 32 crore in previous year, mainly 
due to lower hybrid mustard seed sales. However, this is a small quarter for the 
business, on YTD basis, business has delivered 1% revenue growth and 55% growth 
in profit before tax. This is in the context of product availability constraints which 
limited our scale-up of the new launches, for example, Diggaz. Cotton has become 
the biggest crop with sales of more than Rs. 100 crore and we are optimistic of the 
potential of the segment. 
To conclude my opening remark, I will now hand over the call to Subhra – our CFO, 
for a detailed analysis of our finances. Over to you, Subhra. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. And thank you today for joining us for a Q3 
and 9MFY25 earnings call. 
I will walk you through our Financial Performance for the quarter and nine months, 
post which we can commence the Q&A session.  
Starting with the topline for the quarter – our revenue stood at Rs. 522 crore as 
against Rs. 598 crore for the previous year. Domestic business registered volume 
growth of 3% in the backdrop of intense market competition. Agile  pricing helped 
improve margins in the domestic crop care business. Also in the domestic crop care 
business, herbicides and biologicals and specialty solutions have maintained good 
growth momentum.  

 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Export business continued to face headwinds with business registering a degrowth 
of 38%. However, we are quite confident of the long-term potential with actions taken 
around expanding the customer base and improving cost competitiveness. The Seed 
business was Rs. 30 crore as against Rs. 32 crore for the last quarter same period. 
The profitability of the company was impacted due to challenges in the export 
business. 
Our efforts continue to be directed towards optimizing the overhead cost, including 
portfolio rationalization, refresh of the portfolio, territory rationalizations, moving 
overlaps, and driving cost efficiencies and simplification across the value chain. Our 
inventory levels have been brought down without causing any business opportunity 
loss. Collections have also improved despite high market competition. 
We continue to have healthy cash and liquid fund balance of more than Rs. 200 crore 
as of 31st December. We will continue to drive capital efficiency, and our recent 
initiatives will help us in our pursuit towards consistent, competitive and profitable 
growth. Our CAPEX has been moderated in line with the demand, and our focus is 
to firstly improve the utilization and ROI of the already invested CAPEX. We have 
recently received Board approval for solar panel installation in our manufacturing 
units, which will help reduce electricity cost and also the carbon footprint.  
That concludes the opening remarks. We can now commence the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Viraj with Securities Investment 
Management Pvt Ltd. .   
Viraj Kacharia: 
I just have a couple of questions. One is, if you look at the environment, generally 
the segments performance, exports have has seen a sharp degrowth with pricing 
pressure, and you talked about pricing pressure in domestic. And seeds contribution 
is not that big in the current quarter. So, what explains your sharp jump in gross 
margins? We have seen almost a 300 to 350 basis points increase in gross margin. 
So, can you just give some perspective on what is driving this? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
See, gross margin, I think one is, of course I spoke about the domestic business has 
been able to improve margins through the actions taken on pricing front and also 
ensuring that we keep our inventory levels at the right level. And also, there's a mix 
factor which plays because the international business did not deliver well. So, given 
all these factors have helped in improving the margin. Seeds, albeit small as you 
said, but that has still been able to improve both gross margin and profit before tax. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
But generally, see in terms of pricing also, even in domestic we have seen almost a 
5% decline in price realizations. So, still trying to understand the gross margin kind 
of like there can be a mix play between international and domestic, but even in 
domestic we have seen a very good mid-single digit kind of a decline. So, if you can 
explain. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: See, as I have mentioned in the previous calls, look, we operate in a very complex 
competitive environment. Our effort is to continue to drive margin as a primary thing 
because that is something is very, very important for long-term profitability of the 
business, sustainability of the business. But there are factors, when you have a 
significant export business that goes down, obviously brings the averages up. We 
can get maybe more details at a later stage, but combination of factors sometimes 
you get advantage in terms of raw material cost and all, so various factors can help. 
But our effort will continue to remain that and as we have been talking in the past, 

 
Page 5 of 12 
 
look, domestic seed, biologicals and specialty solution which we used to call crop 
nutrition in the past, we want to continue to drive domestic business because that's 
where certainty, in spite of competition, it’s still more certain given our brand equity. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay, just two questions. One is on the portfolio, in the presentation also we talked 
about churn or pruning in the portfolio. And in the last few quarters we have been 
talking about more aggressive approach in terms of weeding out low profitable or 
loss making products. Can you give us a sense in the last nine months or in Q3 what 
kind of a churn at the portfolio level we have seen? And is that experiment largely 
done or we would expect further, I mean, any prospect where are we in that cycle? 
That’s one. And second is on the export, when do you expect that the decline to kind 
of settle down given that we have been talking to MNCs for supplies? These are the 
two questions. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, first thing is on the portfolio. Look, when we talked about portfolio pruning, we 
were in the middle of the season. Now we have completed the exercise of portfolio 
rationalization. And a lot of that effect you will see in the upcoming season because 
we also do not want to waste the inventory or waste the packaging inventory and all. 
So, the impact of that should be seen in subsequent quarters, right. So, products are 
identified. What we have been very careful is that building inventory of those low 
margin products. So, that’s one. So, impact of that we will see in the future.  
Now, on the export side, you understand our portfolio, right, our portfolio is really not 
very new. As we have spoken in the past, look, Acephate had challenges. 
Pendimethalin now is facing challenges. Two products we had a better opportunity 
was Metribuzin as well as Hexaconazole. We have a pipeline, for example, we talked 
about Metalaxyl-M which we have started making. Our effort would be to not to 
continue to rely on these products, continue to participate because we have capacity 
but also flexibilize the plan and keep looking at new opportunities.  
And even in the existing products we keep adding customers. And to that extent, we 
have started investing more time with potential customers, developing new 
customers. And some of these things they do take time because when you get a new 
customer you have to supply them sample, they have to test the sample, they have 
to approve you as a vendor and all of that.  
But we know that we do not have a very, very new portfolio. But within that we are 
trying to really take maximum advantage of what we have, also trying to slowly switch 
over to a newer portfolio. But given the global context of the market, I think global 
market forecast, given the commodity prices of key commodities like corn and 
soybean, including wheat remain low. The forecast for 2025 I do not think is very 
strong as far as international business is concerned. And then this is primarily driven 
by Americas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ankur Periwal with Axis Capital.  
Ankur Periwal: 
First question on the domestic crop protection business. If I heard the initial 
comments right, you mentioned YTD we are up 5%, 6%. Please correct me if I am 
wrong, I think in the first half we were up mid-high teens, probably more like 16%, 
18%. Is there a sharp decline in Q3? And probably key reasons for the same. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, one of the reason is that, and I have probably alluded that in the past is that, 
look, Q3 depends on two factors. One is, Q3 is a very strong herbicide business, 
because in Q3 the wheat herbicide business is big, sugarcane herbicide business is 

 
Page 6 of 12 
 
big, and rice herbicide business is big. And I have been highlighting, we have 
weakness in the herbicide portfolio, so some of the work we have started. So, Q3 is 
generally from herbicide perspective, that's the largest segment is wheat for us. The 
other two big products which go in Q2 are some specialty products in vegetable. And 
then there's a continuation of Kharif season. In Rabi, this year all of you if you have 
noticed, there was abrupt cessation of monsoon in the month of September, right, it 
actually did not rain a lot in October, November like previous three years. So, I think 
it's just portfolio weakness in Q3 and abrupt cessation of Kharif consumption as well 
as weak chilly season, this year chili prices have been very low. So, some of those 
things actually explain why Q3 is slightly weaker for us. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Secondly on the export side, you did mention that Pendi also is facing some 
pressure, if I am not wrong, till last quarter it was largely Acephate wherein we were 
facing some challenges, while Pendi was doing okay. So, any specific comments 
there, inventory led issues again cropping up? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Yes. Well, look, Pendimethalin challenges are basically because of the inventory at 
the user level, right, that is what is causing problem. And other thing I think we cannot 
continue to undermine the Chinese overcapacity and their ability to undercut prices 
in the global market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of S Ramesh with Nirmal Bang 
Equities.   
S Ramesh: 
In your presentation, can you give us a breakup for this Rs. 492 crore of domestic 
revenue and export revenue? And for the bio and specialties, if you can break it up 
for us? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, Rs. 492 crore, a large proportion of it, I would say, has come from domestic crop 
care. Biologicals and specialty solutions, we have mentioned in the presentation as 
well has done well, clocking 13% growth on Q3 basis and even on a YTD basis has 
done 24% growth. International business continues to be a challenge. 
S Ramesh: 
Is it possible to give the breakup of the international revenue in number in rupees 
crore? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It's Rs. 110 crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shaurya Punyani with Arjav 
Partners.   
Shaurya Punyani: 
So, would you like to give out guidance with respect to the topline for FY ‘26? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, we do not give any forward guidance, but we will talk on this call on what are the 
challenges and what are the opportunities for us. 
Shaurya Punyani: 
And one more, out of the international revenue, what country is the highest, like in 
terms of percentage? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: I mean, most of our business is primarily Americas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Viraj Kacharia with Securities 
Investment Management Pvt Ltd. . 

 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Viraj Kacharia: 
So, we talked about that in the coming quarters we were done with examining in 
terms of review of the portfolio, and we will be looking to prune a certain part of the 
portfolio in coming quarters. So, just to get a sense on this, what percentage of the 
portfolio is not that profitable and which we may be exiting in the next six months, 
one year? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Yes. So, in terms of number of SKUs, it is very significant, right. I think we have a 
long tail. I mean, it is a very high number. In terms of revenue, I think maybe I cannot 
tell you now. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Viraj, this is not a question of being less profitable. I think what we are saying is the 
focus and the effort from the team, goes  a lot in  serving them, which is where we 
are looking. The impact is not going to be material on top line and bottom-line 
perspective. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: I think what is important is that, our sales team, rather than trying to handle so many 
SKUs, they put all their energy on a smaller number of SKUs. And it also helps in 
improving supply chain complexity. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
And from ITI perspective, say either for nine months or the quarter, what will be the 
ITI index for us? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, we consider, I mean, I think for me healthy ITI we can always keep above 15%, 
right. At this point of time, we probably are above 15%. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
I think it's more to look at it on a longer term and what are the actions we are taking 
to refresh the portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Prit Nagersheth with Wealth 
Finvisor.   
Prit Nagersheth: 
Yes, the question I have is related to your guidance, domestic guidance at least for 
quarter four. So, are you seeing continued traction the way you have explained that 
Q3 has seen an increase in volumes and herbicide obviously comes off, and maybe 
insecticide pesticide demand will increase in quarter four, so do you see a better 
domestic performance from your side? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Yes. So, as I said, look, herbicide, we are strengthening our portfolio. Now, a lot of 
what happens in quarter four from a consumer perspective, so from crop area 
perspective it is more or less similar compared to last year with the change in crop 
mix. Example, mustard is down but wheat is up in fact. So, from a crop area 
perspective, it is the same area as last year. A lot of consumption of fungicide and 
insecticide depends on the kind of pest pressure, so it's very difficult. So, you always 
go by what are the normal pests expected, what is the normal volume vis-à-vis 
previous year and what is the competitive situation. So, difficult to say what will 
happen. At this point of time all I can say at least crop is there. Having said that, 
commodity prices are soft compared to even last previous years. But if pest pressure 
is high, farmers would tend to, I mean, resort to use of chemicals to protect their 
crop. But it's difficult to say how things will evolve because there's no solid 
mathematical model available to say what kind of pest pressure will happen. 
Prit Nagersheth: 
Right, I understand. My question is more in line with how over the last year was for 
Q4, and for Quarter 3 as well with a lot of inventory available in the Indian market. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Do you see that the larger business scenarios are better off than what they have 
been? And do you see a continuation of the growth that you have seen in Q3 
continuing in Q4? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, business sentiment, I would say, remains more or less same compared to last 
year. If they are not better, they certainly are not better, they are more or less same, 
depending on the crop. So, sentiments are very similar. And what happens next, I 
think it depends on the external factor. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Prices are low definitely but volumes will be our endeavour. 
 Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Abhijit Akella with Kotak Securities.   
Abhijit Akella: 
Sir first on the Rabi season in the crop care business, you did mention the fact that 
those cyclones had created additional trade inventory and maybe also created 
pricing pressure because of the trade scheme. So, would it be possible to just give 
us some slightly more color in terms of how things stand at present, are inventories 
still elevated or have they been cleared out? And are you still seeing aggression in 
terms of pricing from the leading competitors? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, I mean, I think from what I understand, pricing pressure continues in the market. 
And there's no shortage of inventory. I think everybody's sitting on the inventory and 
leaving in the market. So, I mean, I think price pricing pressure continues and there's 
enough inventory in the market. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And just last one from my side is on, number one, the seed production for next year, 
how is the outlook shaping up given it's already been through a season, I guess? 
The other one was just with regard to how the CSM products are performing. For us, 
I guess, Metconazole is important and then PEKK, so how are those doing? And 
then what kind of traction you are seeing in terms of the newer ones, by when can 
we expect some meaningful contribution from them? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Yes. So, on the outlook of the seed production, I think seed production is challenging. 
Is it as challenging as last year? I think it's probably slightly better than last year. But 
seed production area remains a constraint because farmers are always weighing 
options between growing a commercial crop versus seed crop. But I would say 
slightly better than last year, right, on the production side. On our CSM pipeline, I 
know you talked about PEKK and the other product. I think, look, our CSM pipeline 
is there, right. But we are adding to the portfolio. It will be very difficult for me to 
disclose the names of the customers, but we continue to add more customers. And 
we have inquiries. We are supplying samples for trialing and testing. I think there are 
a few products in the pipeline. I mean, we did mention today Metalaxyl-M because 
that is something we have reached a stage of commercial. As we get more details 
about the other product, when we get into commercialization more than its matter of 
talking. But yes, in other products we are adding customers, particularly Metribuzin, 
Pendimethalin and Hexaconazole. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Siddharth Gadekar with Equirus.   
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, just wanted clarify on our multipurpose plant that we had commissioned last year. 
We were targeting to do Difenoconazole, have we started anything in that plant or is 
that plant still idle? 

 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
See, Difenoconazole, we took some batches last year, this year also we are working 
on a few contract manufacturing opportunities. One of them is with a global major. 
So, the plant is not idle. The plant is used for the purpose it was set up which is 
working on various new opportunities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Archit Joshi with Nuvama 
Institutional Equities.   
Archit Joshi: 
I just have one question. Sir, what would be your reading in the global landscape 
after six, seven quarters of the inventory destocking and that onslaught that we have 
been hearing of? And you also mentioned in opening remarks about quite a lot of 
inventory still there in the system in products like Pendi. How do you see this panning 
out from a volume and pricing perspective in this calendar year? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, I think volumes are very comfortable. And whenever there are comfortable 
volumes, it does put pressure on the pricing. And the most important driver of 
consumption of these products is really commodity prices, and that continues to, I 
mean, I think if you track soybean prices, cotton prices, wheat prices, when you look 
at the CBOT prices, they continue to trend downwards lower, right. And when the 
farm income, because of the lower commodity prices, farm income are under 
challenging situation. And I think we understand the China supply dynamics as well. 
I believe while volumes will continue to grow, I mean, continue to grow because 
farmers are planting crop, they are not leaving the crop, there will always be pressure 
on the pricing. That's why domestic have become very important for us. I think I have 
been saying probably for last three, four calls, our primary focus is to drive domestic. 
We have lot of opportunities to fix in, I mean, we have opportunities in CSM, we have 
opportunities to participate in international business. But given the scenario there I 
am more optimistic about domestic because that's where we have brand equity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of S Ramesh with Nirmal Bang 
Equities.   
S Ramesh: 
So, if you look at the outlook for the products which you mentioned are under 
development in the last stage, the 10 product you are working on, can you give us 
some sense in terms of what will be the target market size for these products? When 
you expect to commercialize them? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Most of our CSM product, they are for a diversified set of customers abroad. And 
international businesses tend to primarily get focused towards Asia and Americas, 
right. So, that's the kind of pipeline.  
S Ramesh: 
And if you look at the Chinese strategy, I understand they are also trying to get into 
formulations. So, how would that impact Rallis’ business if you see the Chinese 
population supply hitting the international market in your own markets?  
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, I think that is something we have not been talking in the industry, and I am glad 
you have brought that point. Because Chinese have  started participating directly in 
those markets, that is something we have to wait and watch. But I believe there will 
always be opportunities from a diversification perspective from prospective clients to 
have alternate suppliers. I guess that's where India is playing a role and will continue 
to play an increasingly important role. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ranjit Cirumalla with IIFL Capital.   

 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Ranjit Cirumalla: 
We have been focusing more on the domestic front in this particular year, and we 
continue to remain focused for the next few years. And that is also something which 
has grown for us in the first nine months. So, just wanted to get a sense, how has 
been the secondary demand by the farmers? I believe it is a case of having a bit of 
high inventory and that might become a bit of a headwind for us next year or the 
liquidation has been at par regarding the sales split. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, volumes generally are good. I think it's a pricing issue right now because this 
year Kharif was decent. I think it did not do well in the later part of the Kharif. And 
Rabi planting is good. So, I do not see it is a volume issue, it is largely an issue of 
pricing and supply. 
Ranjit Cirumalla: 
The liquidation has been at par with the volume growth that we have been seeing? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Volumes are higher that means liquidation is high.  
Ranjit Cirumalla: 
And that should not be a challenge for the next few years or at least for the coming 
year? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: I mean the way I see it, look, there are probably I shouldn't say too little farmer 
because we have millions of farmers. There are a lot of companies chasing the same 
set of farmers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shivaji Mehta, an individual 
investor.   
Shivaji Mehta: 
Sir, one of the specialty chemical players in their earnings call had mentioned that 
China may start looking at increasing prices of various chemicals post the Chinese 
New Year. Are you expecting something similar post the Chinese New Year? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Look, a lot of news goes in the media. I think I will really wait. See, we have to see 
for some indications, right. For example, recently there was a news that because 
Chinese have increased the price of some of the chloro chemical related and 
suddenly those reduced, and it died down very quickly. So, I think we will continue 
to monitor how it happens. And then it's very difficult to predict. I do not have any 
real insight to say how they would be handled. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It is anyway with the market. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: I mean, if there's an opportunity, I think we would not leave any opportunity on the 
table if there's an opportunity to increase the price. 
Shivaji Mehta: 
Right, makes sense. Sir, and also over the next two to three years, once things 
normalize, what is the stable asset turn that you foresee for your businesses, 
excluding the seeds portfolio? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Seeds, anyway we do not have any fixed capital, so seeds asset turn, it's a working 
capital business. As far as crop care is concerned, I think I mentioned earlier that we 
do not look at asset turns but IRR, and IRR should be certainly more than the 
Weighted Average Cost of Capital that we look into. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sanjay, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Sanjay: 
Sir, my apologies, I joined the conference call by about 20 minutes late, so very 
briefly if you could tell me what was the reason for drop in our profitability this quarter. 
And secondly, sir, I just wanted to know, as an individual investor, obviously my query 
will be skewed towards the stock price performance. So, if I see, first of all, there's 
an underperformance in the last five years and also our revenue growth CAGR has 
not been that good if we compare to all the other competitors, our CAGR is not even 
increasing by about 10% to 12%, it is hardly 7% to 8%. So, how does a company 
foresee the next five years in terms of revenue and profitability? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Yes, I do not know Sanjay if you have attended the previous conference calls. But I 
have been trying to articulate some of the steps we are taking to really turn around 
this business and bring it in line with the industry or do better than industry. There 
are quite a few things we are doing, for example, this business is a product business, 
we are looking at significantly revamping our product portfolio. We have gaps in 
certain areas, particularly herbicides and all, so we are working on those. We have 
now a decent seed business which has taken a while to stabilize, I think we can 
continue to deliver on seed. The other area where we are focusing from product 
perspective is biologicals and specialty solution, because that's another area where 
consumers are getting interested, farmers are getting interested, so we are working 
on those. That's on the product side.  
 
I think we are taking a lot of the steps on really customer side, because at the end of 
the day, this business is also demand generation business. If you are a farmer in a 
village, you are probably approached by 10 different companies in a day, so how do 
you make decision which company to prioritize. Obviously, product and product 
performance matters. We are trying to intensify our customer relationship efforts, and 
we are trying to get more focused rather than trying to meet healthy spread. And also 
trying to leverage on digital, so we are making a lot of investment on digital 
connectivity with the farmer so that we can serve them better. So, that's on the 
customer side. On I would say efficiency side, obviously we have some assets, and 
we are also having old portfolio, we are looking at even on manufacturing side how 
can we make our products better, how can we bring down the cost on production 
side, what are the other things we can do to add new products to the portfolio. We 
are also looking at some CSM opportunities, we have a pipeline of companies we 
are working on. But these things do take time, right. We are re-orienting our people 
capabilities, so we are looking at people capabilities and various other things. So, a 
series of steps. 
Sanjay: 
And sir, just a very brief on the reason for the drop in profitability this time, I am sorry 
I joined the conference call late, that's the reason. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Drop in profitability, Subhra, you want to talk about. 
Sanjay: 
Yes, year-on-year if we see, our profitability has dropped significantly. So, just what 
is the specific reason for that, just a small pointer if you could provide. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
See, I think for us seasonal profit, quarterly profitability is difficult to explain because 
it's a small quarter and we said that export business had a challenge. On YTD basis, 
we are largely flat on PBT basis despite the challenges in the market front. So, this 
quarter the numbers are lower squarely because of the challenges in exports 
business. 

 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of question-and-
answer. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, thanks to everybody for participating on the call. Agrochemicals export demand 
continues to be weak. We will try to improve volume growth and margins in a tough 
environment. Seed business is impacted by availability of inventory. Domestic 
agrochemicals demand is positive, but lower prices across products are impacting 
revenues. Margins are steady with actions around product mix improvement and cost 
optimization. We remain optimistically cautious for Q4 overall business plans. Our 
endeavor would be to improve capacity utilization and take steps to improve market 
share across verticals. We will try to maintain EBITDA margin in the short term. Our 
long-term actions on improving business health is in the right direction and I remain 
positive for driving competitive, profitable and sustainable growth to create value for 
all the stakeholders. Thank you very much. 
  
