 
 
February 13, 2025 
To 
To 
The Manager 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 531147 
Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts Conference Call 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of conference call with analysts, which took place on  
13th February 2025, after announcement of the unaudited Financial Results for quarter and nine months 
ended December 31, 2024. The said transcript is also uploaded on website of the Company.  
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alicon Castalloy Ltd 
 
VIMAL GUPTA 
CHIEF FINANCE OFFICER 
 
 
VIMAL 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by VIMAL KUMAR GUPTA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=8945, 
pseudonym=9bd8f221deef41e99858ed4
6a19316d7, 
2.5.4.20=d9810cf3804094fe8ee6f33cd1a0
97813b9a1dfe0126e5608417269284f4cd
44, postalCode=122052, st=Haryana, 
serialNumber=df23386c1769b3ed782fe8
6f749858de77c21027c748ced87f7af50fae
4f299e, cn=VIMAL KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2025.02.14 11:23:00 +05'30'

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 1 of 17  
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Alicon Castalloy 
Limited’s Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mit Shah from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Alicon Castalloy Limited's Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Vimal Gupta – Group CFO and Mr. 
Shyam Agarwal – Chief Marketing Officer. 
Mr. Vimal Gupta will provide an overview of the operating and financial 
performance for the period under review, following which Mr. Agarwal will take 
us through the developments in the global markets and insights on domestic 
business. Thereafter, we shall open the forum for a Q&A session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that certain statements made in 
today's call could be forward looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings documents that have been shared with you 
earlier. I would like to invite Mr. Vimal Gupta for his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Alicon Castalloy’s Quarter 3 
financial year 25 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for joining us today. We 
appreciate your time and interest in our company. I hope you have had a 
chance to review our earnings documents shared earlier. 
Performance in the 3rd Quarter was influenced by a volatile macroeconomic 
environment which impacted demand across key segments and geographies. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 2 of 17  
While we navigated the challenges with resilience, our overall performance 
was slightly weaker than anticipated, reflecting the tough industry conditions. 
Revenues for Quarter 3 FY25 stood at Rs. 393 crore compared to Rs. 406 crore 
in Quarter 3 FY24. Top-line was impacted by subdued demand in key export 
markets with severe weakness in Europe. We also had some customer 
specific incidents with a production shutdown at India plant of a leading 
Japanese OEM and challenges with one of our European two-wheeler OEM 
customer, impacting the ability to absorb volumes of our products. While 
demand for two-wheelers in the domestic market continued to be robust, it 
was not sufficient to offset the broader revenue impact.  
The macro environment remains challenging with slowing of growth and 
persistent inflationary trends. As a result, the GDP in real terms is set to slow 
across most major geographies resulting in normalizing of growth happening 
post the COVID super cycle. In that context, USA is seen to be holding up well, 
but there is sluggishness particularly in Europe, where demand weakness 
persists. These trends are also coinciding with a slowdown in the steel 
production which is anticipated to have bottomed out in Quarter 3. 
Turning to the financial performance: 
The gross margin for the quarter came at 45.81% marking a decline of 543 
basis points from 51.24% in Quarter 3 of FY24. This was largely driven by shifts 
in the sales mix as lower sales in the Commercial Vehicle segment and 
Carbon Neutral products were not entirely compensated by the growth in two-
wheeler volumes. 
We also made upfront investments in new technologically advanced plants, 
imbibing robotics, automation, and new age manufacturing processes. As 
these units are yet to scale, the recovery of fixed cost has been suboptimal, 
impacting the gross margins for the quarter. Some of you may recall our 
discussions on the earnings call last quarter where we had indicated that 
gross margins were softening due to the change in mix. We have seen a further 
impact of that trend this quarter, along with the effect of some set of costs for 
the new projects. 
The EBITDA was Rs. 35 crore compared to Rs. 53 crore in Quarter 3 of FY24, 
with a margin of 9% versus 13% in Quarter 3 last year. The impact on gross 
margin from higher fixed cost and adverse product mix had flowed into 
EBITDA. Depreciation rose to Rs. 23.5 crore from Rs. 20 crore, reflecting 
investments in machinery and tooling as well as automation and advanced 
manufacturing technologies. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 3 of 17  
Pre-tax profits stood at Rs. 1.05 crore compared to Rs. 23 crore in Quarter 3 of 
FY24. While net profit for the quarter was Rs. 0.78 crore versus Rs. 17 crore 
last year. This is reflecting the impact of the adverse sales mix and the upfront 
cost of establishing new lines for which the impact is evident on gross profit 
and EBITDA level too. 
For the 9-month period, total revenue stood at Rs. 1,298 crore up 14% from 
the Rs. 1,142 crore in 9 months FY24. The gross margin was 47.91% compared 
to 50.6% last year, while EBITDA for 9 months of FY25 was Rs. 150 crore, a 7% 
increase year-on-year basis. The profit after tax for the period was Rs. 37 crore 
compared to Rs. 41 crore in nine months of FY24. 
Our capital expenditure for Quarter 3 stood at Rs. 42 crore while for nine 
months of FY25, it was around Rs. 140 crore with investments directed 
towards machinery and new product development. For Quarter 4, we expect 
further CAPEX of around Rs. 20 crore to Rs. 25 crore aligned with our growth 
initiatives. 
As we started FY25 with as guided for Rs. 1,800 crore in revenue targeting 15% 
growth for the full year, after a strong performance in the first half, in the 
earning call last quarter, we had indicated that we witnessed softening of 
demand in export markets of Europe and the US, as well as in the domestic 
market. Like we are seeing across the industry with other players who are 
supplying to the markets of Europe and USA, there has been a sustained 
weakness in the demand in Europe, as well as uncertainty around the evolving 
dynamics of tariffs and regulations that the new regime may introduce in the 
US, which has made buyers and OEMs adopt a cautious stance. 
Further, for Alicon, there were some customer-specific disruptions this 
quarter. All of this has meant that volume offtake by customers as anticipated 
by us at the start of the year did not materialize as we believe that the full 
year’s performance will be a bit lower compared to expectations.  
While the near-term environment remains challenging, we believe this is a 
temporary phase and the long-term growth potential of our industry remains 
intact. Forecast for the industrial production indicate a bottoming out in 
Calendar Year 2024 with a revival anticipated in Calendar Year 2025 and 
thereafter. 
Our strategic initiatives focused on product diversification, expanding market 
research, and strengthening our leadership in hybrid technologies, positions 
us well to capitalize on emerging opportunities. Our ongoing engagements 
with the key clients, including domestic leaders like Japanese auto 
manufacturers, reinforce our confidence in the road ahead. Our business 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 4 of 17  
visibility is strong with a healthy order book position, we are confident that 
there will be a recovery in the fourth quarter performance and believe that 
Quarter 3 marked the bottom for both revenue and margin. And we will 
continue to see steady improvement in performance going ahead. We remain 
committed to navigating the current headwinds while driving sustained growth 
and value creation for all stakeholders. 
With that, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Shyam Agarwal for the operating 
highlights of the quarter. 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mr. Vimal. Good afternoon, everyone. 
In Q3 FY25, Global Auto Industry witnessed 4.6% YOY degrowth in volumes. 
Within this, Europe volume declined by 5% and North America by 4.5% 
respectively. 
In contrast, the Indian auto industry reported a healthy performance of 6.6% 
volume growth, driven by the two-wheeler segment, analysis of growth by 
segment indicates 8% growth in two-wheeler segment, 2.8% growth in PV 
segment, and 1.8% degrowth in commercial vehicle segment on a YoY basis. 
As we progressed through the quarter, a few headwinds begin to emerge. The 
sustained decline in the CV segment took a bearing on the volume offtake by 
our customers. This was accompanied by challenges in our export markets 
too. Supplies towards CV products and to customer in Europe are among the 
categories with the highest value-add in our business. Thus, even as we have 
added volumes in our two-wheeler business, the impact of top-line was only 
partially offset. The European market witnessed a sharp drop in Commercial 
Vehicle segment in Quarter 3 compared to the same quarter last year. As 
recently in Quarter 2, trends were projecting sustained demand and the fall in 
volume has been fairly sharp, taking the entire industry by surprise. We have 
seen slightly elevated pressure in supplies to Commercial Vehicle customers 
in Europe due to persistent weakness in demand. 
In Europe, one of our two-wheeler OEM customers faced some challenges 
during the quarter. Following this, we have completely stopped production. As 
a result, they paused volume offtake of parts being supplied to them from our 
facilities in India as well as from Europe. 
Coming to the India business: 
Supplies continued to a leading Japanese OEM, this quarter with consistent 
demand for four-wheeler cylinder heads. In addition to that, Alicon has 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 5 of 17  
received one more cylinder head business, which will give us additional sales 
starting from Financial Year ‘25-26. 
Volumes to India plant of a European OEM continued to ramp up and as we 
have steadily scaled up volumes to this customer over the last couple of 
quarters, we are now in talks to enhance the volume further. This customer is 
making its Indian facility into an engine manufacturing hub which will serve 
the domestic market and from which engine will also be assembled and 
exported to Europe.  
We are now in discussion to scale up the capacities to align with the 2nd Phase 
investment by this OEM, which will see them double the monthly volume 
offtake. Interestingly, all of the incremental volume will be for onward supply 
to global markets, and with this expansion, we will be catering the demand 
from the new region within Europe, thereby, indirectly servicing markets that 
we have not been present so far. 
A leading Japanese OEM continued to witness strong demand for their four-
wheeler hybrid models in India. After the plant shutdown in Quarter 3, we 
anticipate the volume to pick up in Quarter 4. In fact, over the next two years, 
the expectation is that the monthly supplies of cylinder heads will increase by 
roughly 80%. 
Thus, the strong outlook for production from two Japanese OEMs who have 
good focus on hybrids coupled with scale up capacity in the European OEMs, 
India plant augers well for the PV sectors. 
For another leading European OEMs, after supplying initial volumes for their 
requirements from our European plant, we are scheduled to ship production 
into our India operation. For this we have established a plant in India and have 
already successfully submitted samples with small lot supplies set to 
commence shortly ahead of their upcoming launch in Quarter 3 of Calendar 
Year 2026.  
Our state-of-the-art automation plant for this OEM integrates Artificial 
Intelligence, robotics and IoT to set new benchmarks in precision, efficiency 
and smart manufacturing. Featuring cutting-edge technologies such as 
robotic arms for enhanced accuracy and safety, advanced digital process 
control for real-time optimization, and machine intelligence for data-driven 
decision-making, the facility aligns with global-best practices to meet the 
evolving demands for our customers and their product requirement.  
By embedding AI and IoT into our operations, we have significantly enhanced 
productivity while reducing rejection rates, ensuring a more efficient and 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 6 of 17  
responsive manufacturing ecosystem. While upfront investments in 
automation have led to higher depreciation and fixed costs in the short term, 
which are not being fully recovered at present due to the low volume in the 
initial phase. These advancements position us for long-term scalability and 
operational excellence with an elevated margin profile as production volume 
increases. 
Now coming to the business wins: 
In Quarter 3, we have added 7 new parts from 7 existing customers. This 
includes four parts from the ICE segment, one part from structural, and two 
parts from the non-auto business. Of these seven parts added, five parts 
pertain to domestic business and two parts pertain to international business. 
In India, we have won business from the leading Japanese OEM for a product 
set to be launched shortly. Traction with two-wheeler customers is strong for 
product category to ICE technology. We have also won an order for the 
structural part for a leading two-wheeler supplies in India. The two parts for 
the international business cater to requirements of marquee global 
customers in the non-auto segment. Looking ahead, our total new order 
bookings stand strong, providing good visibility for future growth. 
On this note, we can open the floor for the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We have the first question from the line of Yash Bharat Dalal from Sushil 
Financial Services Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Yash Bharat Dalal: 
Good afternoon to the management. So, just a few questions from my end. 
Firstly, in terms of the margins, of course, they've been compressed this 
quarter. So, I want to understand from the expenses, are there any one-offs in 
this quarter that we won't be seeing in the coming quarters? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, yes, if you review the results, so major impact has come from the gross 
margins, where this is due to the change in the sales mix, where we have seen 
the reduction in the volumes of high value addition parts and some increase in 
the volumes from the two-wheeler parts, where margins are low. That is the 
major impact. But when we are talking about the expenses, so definitely as a 
company we are taking a lot of actions for further cost reductions but one time 
yes there is some cost we have absorbed due to some issues we have seen 
with one  global customer. So, there we have to absorb one time cost there. 
Yash Bharat Dalal: 
Okay and what is the impact of these development costs for advanced 
technology and your new lines in Q3? 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 7 of 17  
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes, when we are talking about this, so earlier we were discussing the new EV 
parts, the eAxle that we are developing. So, that development is in now full 
swing. And it is a very critical part and due to that a lot of challenges we faced 
in this development. So, due to criticality, so failures, rejections, all this, and 
then we have to do a lot of experiments on that to further development. So, 
those costs are there. 
Yash Bharat Dalal: 
Okay, and you had mentioned about your CAPEX, what kind of capacity will it 
be adding? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, that I think this major CAPEX is going on for the EV parts that 
developments are going on and hopefully because this will give additional 
approximately Rs. 250 crore to Rs. 300 crore in that range of additional 
capacity in the next coming two years. 
Yash Bharat Dalal: 
Okay, and coming to your order book, what is your total order booking for FY25 
and your overall till date if you could quantify this? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
So, Yash, our order book is around Rs. 9,000 crore as on today. So, we have 
added in this quarter also the 7 parts which is almost Rs. 500 crore turnover 
from the new order. So, if you see this with the Rs. 9,000 crore, so we have 
almost run the rate we have covered for next 5 years as far as our current 
turnover is doing. 
Yash Bharat Dalal: 
Okay, thank you. And can we still, you had mentioned earlier in your previous 
calls that of a Rs. 2,200 crore top-line by FY26, does that still stand and what 
is the outlook beyond FY27? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, Yash, we feel that because now we have to just keep our fingers crossed 
and how the geographical challenges we are seeing. So, let's see how things 
are moving. But definitely, it looks difficult because now the numbers are 
softening in this year. And when what we were talking about, those were the 
original. I think 3-4 years back, we have put the target. And due to some 
delays, what we are seeing from the EV OEMs. So, maybe that we need to post 
by at least one year. 
Yash Bharat Dalal: 
Okay, so by FY27? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes. 
Yash Bharat Dalal: 
Okay, and just one last question. Could you please provide an outlook on your 
EV and export business? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, first I will complete the previous one. So, we have our budget-making 
exercise which is going on, and it will be completed by second week of the 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 8 of 17  
next month. So, maybe in our next investor call, we will give you more idea on 
the next year turnover. So, that will be more logical from our side, yes, just to 
cover that. What was your next question, Yash? 
Yash Bharat Dalal: 
Just an outlook on your EV and export business? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, so as you know, the EV is not doing good globally. You know that we have 
taken lots of new order from the EV and currently we are seeing the demand is 
not very good in India and also on the export market. But we are very hopeful 
that in 1 or 2 years, the demand should pick up. And there we will see the good 
numbers from the EV for which we have put lots of effort from our side and 
also lots of CAPEX investment which we have done. So, right now if you see 
we are getting just a minute I tell you, EV currently covers 18% of our total 
turnover right now and if we see the exports, export is around 30% of our total 
turnover. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandan NL from 
Nuvama Research. Please go ahead. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Can you help us in understanding the mix 
on a YTD basis, for nine months FY25, what would be the share of two-
wheeler, four-wheeler commercial vehicle and how was the same mix last 
year? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
So, two-wheeler currently contribute 40% of our turnover if we see and 
Passenger Vehicle around 38% and Commercial Vehicle around 15% of our 
total turnover. This is, I am saying cumulative till Quarter 3. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Thank you. And can you give a comparison versus last year? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, last year to this year, if we see the two-wheelers, so last year the 
contribution was 42%, which has reduced to 40%. Passenger Vehicle, which 
was 32% last year, now it's 38%. And Commercial Vehicle, as you know, 
globally, it is coming down. So, last year it was 20%, and this year it is 15%. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Understood. And specific for this quarter, how much would be the two-
wheeler? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
This quarter, Quarter 3, it is 43%, the two-wheeler contribution.  
Raghunandan NL: 
Got it sir. Thank you. So, in terms of exports, the share of exports has gone 
down to 24% versus 28% last year. Within exports, what would be the rough 
share of Europe and North America and how much has the decline been in 
both these regions, YTD? 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 9 of 17  
Shyam Agarwal: 
If you see Europe and the UK, they contribute almost 65% to 70% of our 
exports and 30%-35% is USA, but if you see in the decline side, so we have 
seen more decline in Europe as compared to the USA. 
Raghunandan NL: 
And as you indicated that it's better to be cautious as of now. But what is the 
sense you're getting, based on your interactions with customers, how long do 
you think the weakness can continue and when do you expect a recovery? And 
anything to that, you are obviously working on strengthening your presence in 
overseas market, negotiating order wins, hiring more people in marketing, and 
also diversifying into new segments. So, if you can give some thoughts as to 
how you see this segment pan out over the next 1 to 2 years? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, Raghu, if you see the macro environment right now, so we are seeing the 
worst Quarter 3, if you see the global indicators. So, we are seeing there 
should be a recovery in the global market as well as in the domestic market. 
Here we see the faster recovery or the holding will be more in the North 
America. While Europe will still take some more time. The sentiments in 
Europe is still weak as compared to the North America. And if you see in the 
segment, so if we see like a Commercial Vehicle will still be affected in 
Europe, while the recovery will be more much better in the North America in 
both commercial vehicle as well as in the Passenger Vehicle. If we see in the 
technology front, so we are seeing the hybrid will still do good in India. As well 
as we are seeing in North America, the demand for hybrid is much better as 
compared to pure EV vehicles. However, everybody is anticipating there is a 
natural transition from ICE to hybrid and then hybrid to EV. But I hope this 
should be more prominent in after 3 to 4 quarter later. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Understood, sir. Vimal sir, if you can indicate, you referred to that some 
upfront cost incurred relating to new lines. How much should the quantum be 
and is that likely to repeat in the coming quarter? 
Vimal Gupta: 
It is a decent amount because approximately we can say that it is in the range 
of Rs. 4 crore to Rs. 5 crore that we have lost for the development of the new 
projects. And definitely in coming quarter also, maybe there will be 
improvement because once we start then there is a huge impact of the cost. 
And then slowly we start recovering that and the improvement in our 
operations. And we hope there will definitely be decline in Quarter 4, but 
further impact we will see on continuous quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Understood, sir. So, these are certain overheads, fixed costs, which you have 
upfront started taking. And as the ramp up happens for the new orders that 
fixed cost absorption will happen? 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 10 of 17  
Vimal Gupta: 
Generally, you see that because now this is, you must have seen that Alicon is 
having the biggest CAPEX this year in the history of last 20 years. And we are 
now developing the most critical part for EV also. So, these are the challenges 
we are having initially. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Understood sir. And in terms of business ramp up in FY26, you referred to two 
Japanese OEMs, one European OEM, there is also one UK OEM. So, what is 
the kind of SOP that can get added for FY26 based on your current 
understanding? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, Raghu, so I just highlighted that. So, when we mentioned the new volume 
addition from the Japanese OEMs, so there we see a good traction on that. 
And with both the Japanese OEMs, as I have mentioned in our con-call also, 
we see the volume will be picked up almost 80%-100% in next 1-2 years’ time. 
So, that kind of a volume we are seeing. And same way for the European 
customer, whatever volume we are supplying, we are adding the capacity, and 
the volume will be doubled by the end of this year. So, that kind of a volume 
we are working on. And as Mr. Vimal mentioned, because of this addition in 
our capacity, we have done lots of CAPEX, which is the highest in the history 
of Alicon, if you see. So, we are seeing that from this quarter onwards, we will 
see a good performance from Alicon. Sequentially, it should improve on 
quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant 
Capital Markets Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sir, if you can give us idea on the order book that we have for the Tata 
Motors. So, what update on that front? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
So, Jyoti, generally we avoid with the specific customer details on con-call. 
So, maybe we can take your call offline. So, specifically to the customer, we 
would like not to answer in this con-call. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sure. So, the idea on the new business side, how the margin we are 
seeing from the new business? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Jyoti, generally when we were explaining that when we are finalizing the new 
businesses, we always look for the better margins and the ROCE, so on that 
basis we are finalizing. 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Jyoti, I would like to elaborate a little bit on this. So, if you see, whenever we 
take the order, it depends in which category we are taking, whether it is a two-
wheeler, four-wheeler, it is a domestic export and what is the criticality of the 
parts. So, based on that, the prices, the margins are decided and it is also 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 11 of 17  
affected by the competition. So, generally, if it is a more critical part which we 
are expert to develop, we charge higher margin, but if it is a very simple part 
for the two-wheeler, of course, the margins will be less. So, it is as per the 
market demand and the criticality of the part the margins are decided. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you, sir. And also, sir, as we have a major revenue mix from India, but a 
lot of issue that is going on the Europe and US, so how is the demand we are 
seeing from the India business comparatively Europe and US? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, Jyoti, if you see like in India, we have grown by 6.6% while Europe and 
USA, we have seen degrowth. So, of course, we are seeing the higher demand 
from India, not only in this quarter and also in the next quarter onwards that 
the demand from India will be higher, but as you will also appreciate that we 
also have to do the risk mitigation and that was the purpose that we have 
developed more part for the Europe and for the USA and also for the various 
technologies like EV. We were the early movers in the EV. We developed lots 
of parts, but somehow EV currently is not doing good, but in future, of course, 
it will do and there we will see the fruits, what efforts we are putting right now, 
and the CAPEX we are putting. So, we are very hopeful that in future, we will 
see a higher performance, much better performance in terms of the top-line 
as well as for the bottom-line. Secondly, we are also working on the skill level 
of our people and also, as Mr. Vimal told, we are putting in lots of efforts on 
the smart factory which we have put in for Robotics, IoT and AI, the use of AI, 
so that will also give us much better performance in the coming quarters. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you, sir. And sir, last question only like geography side is not doing very 
well for us and for other OEMs, so are we planning to shift any plan to India? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Jyoti, generally, if you see, we are in the business of B2B. So, when we are 
supplying the part is going to the OEMs and there if they change the source or 
change the location, it needs lots of Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) 
activity, the vehicle validation, lots of cost are there. So, some of the 
customers do, but these practices are very less in the B2B businesses 
considering the long lead time for the development and the validation cost. Of 
course, as you know, India is a leading cost country and because of lots of 
geopolitical issues, lots of OEM wants to source out of India. So, we see the 
sourcing of course will increase out of India, but the resourcing is always a 
challenge considering the cost, which is needed for the validation and the 
development of the part. 
Jyoti Singh: 
And just how much like currently capacity utilization across the plant, if you 
can give us the average? 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 12 of 17  
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, Jyoti, currently we are running if we specifically see Quarter 3, so we are 
running at the capacity of around 70%-75%. Because we have dedicated 
facility for different parts, so, some parts which we have developed, but it is 
still in the ramp up phase. So, there the capacity utilization will be less. Some 
of the parts which are running in the full swing, the capacity utilization is more. 
So, if you see on the average term it will be around 70%-75%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Shah from Asit C 
Mehta Investment Intermediates Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Devang Shah: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir. Sir, as far as the EBITDA margin is concerned as you 
were saying because of one-time expense we have seen some kind of decline 
in margin and it was somewhere close to 9%. So, moving forward, would you 
be come to your original territory of EBITDA margin with your new product mix 
somewhere close to 12%-13% kind of range from coming quarter onwards 
and for coming years? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Definitely. This is a short-term jerk that we can say that we got in Quarter 3 
due to the change in the sales mix and maybe some one-time costs. So, then 
you will see quarter-on-quarter improvement and very soon that will catch up 
the numbers. 
Devang Shah: 
And sir, as you did a heavy CAPEX this year, what is the CAPEX plan for next 
year? 
Vimal Gupta: 
I think that it will be good that we discuss in the next call because at this 
moment, we are in process of the finalizing our budgets for the next year and 
mid of March, we will be able to finalize it. So, that will be the right time to give 
some idea about that. 
Devang Shah: 
And sir, initially you have mentioned that you are finalizing your budget. So, as 
far as revenue growth and trajectory also, so you are going to highlight from 
next con-call or after the next quarter results after you finalize your budget? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes. 
Devang Shah: 
And last question, sir, any kind of, generally we are seeing that, I read 
somewhere because we are exporting some kind of auto ancillary to US as 
well. So, because of such kind of tariff war emerging so far started, do you feel 
there is some kind of opportunity also emerged from the global market, 
especially from US and if I am wrong, then also correct me if something is 
being misunderstood by me? 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 13 of 17  
Shyam Agarwal: 
Devang, very right question. We are also keeping our fingers crossed. We are 
seeing with lots of things right now that tariff war is going on, new tariffs on 
some countries that is going on. Hopefully, India has a good relationship with 
the US, so hopefully we should be benefited. But let us see how it moves on. 
Maybe in one- or two-months’ time, once we would see more clarity, then we 
will be able to answer you in a better shape. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moksh Ranka from Aurum 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Moksh Ranka: 
Hello. Sir, I used to follow your company from 2018. We used to be exclusive 
suppliers to Ather, we were the ones who like the first design their product. 
So, do we have any plans for supplying aluminum castings for their new 
model? Also, they are setting up a capacity which is close to our line, so will 
that be a possibility in future? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Moksh, you are talking about Toyota, because your voice was not very clear. 
Moksh Ranka: 
I am talking about Ather Energy. 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Moksha, we actually if you see we are not pushing more sales for the two-
wheeler considering the margin pressure and especially on the EV. So, we are 
focusing more on the PV side, the commercial vehicle. That is why if you see 
the contribution for the different segments, we are putting more focus on the 
PV and the CV. So, currently, the two-wheeler EV is not our focus area. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faizal Hawa from HG Hawa. 
Please go ahead. 
Faizal Hawa: 
Sir, we are talking of this order book of around Rs. 9,000 crore now, is there 
some deadline for the order books being completed and will it be right 
expectation that in 3 years from today at least our revenue will be doubled 
from what it is today? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Faisal, thanks for the question. But for the revenue guidance, as Mr. Vimal 
said, we are in the middle of budget preparation. So, maybe in the next call, 
we will be in better shape to give you an idea on our revenue for the next year 
in the onboard. However, as we have mentioned in the con-call, we have a 
strong order book, and we will see good growth in the topline as well as in the 
bottom-line. But right now, it is very difficult to give you the numbers on that. 
Faizal Hawa: 
But there must be a deadline to these orders, like some perpetual orders? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, it is for 5 years, till 2028-29. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 14 of 17  
Faizal Hawa: 
So, we have to complete them by then? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Faizal Hawa: 
But it will not be very regular and uniform progression of the order being 
completed. In some years, we may have some very good execution, also in 
some ways the call-ups may not be so good? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
No. Faisal, if you see like this is mainly for the OEMs in the automotive market. 
So, generally, a project for any OEMs is the life of 5 years, 7 years like this. So, 
when we get any order, it is for the lifetime of the project. So, it will be 
consistent supplies from our side and there will also be the end of production 
for some of the products. So, we will get new business, we will supply for the 
new models and some old models that will discontinue. It is like it will go. So, 
it is based on the product life cycles that we will have to put. 
Faizal Hawa: 
Is there one customer who is contributing to almost more than 20% of the 
order book today? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
No, Faisal. We have a very balanced customer portfolio and right now none of 
our customers contributes more than 20% of our turnover. 
Faizal Hawa: 
And sir, there was this project within the company to increase the ROCE and 
ROE of the organization. Have you made any kind of progress on it and if not 
how soon can we expect some progress on this? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Progress is going on, maybe if you see year-on-year, last 4-5 years. So, there is 
a continuous improvement in the ROCE and definitely this is on and quarter-
on-quarter basis, maybe this is the worst quarter we have seen in this Quarter 
3, but after that you can easily see that there is continuous improvement in 
the ROCE. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow up question from the line of Jyoti Singh from 
Arihant Capital Markets Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just clarification on the guidance side, we 
are keeping Rs. 1,800 and Rs. 2,200 crore for FY25-26 or any changes on that 
side? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Jyoti, for Rs. 1,800 crore that in my speech, I have already explained that 
maybe, we will not be able to win the exact number. Maybe some decline in 
this because this sort of decline in the CV demand from Quarter 3. And for 
next year, the guidance, so we are just finalizing our budgets, so that to we 
have explained that in the next con-call that we will be able to give more 
clarity on this. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 15 of 17  
Jyoti Singh: 
And also sir, we are doing any changes in our strategy because earlier like till 
now, we are focusing more on the PV side, but still Q-on-Q mix has been 
changing and more favorable towards two-wheeler. I know demand is good 
from the two-wheeler side, but still, we are shifting again on the two-wheeler 
side. So, what is your view on that side? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Jyoti, our strategy is for the long term. It is not for one quarter or two quarters. 
It may happen in one quarter or two quarter, but one particular segment can 
do good, but we define our strategy on the long term and in the long term, our 
firm believe is that if we focus more on the passenger vehicle or the new 
technologies like hybrid or the EV, there we will get more fruits in the future 
and with that we are working. So, right now also, we don't have change in any 
strategy to put more focus on the two-wheeler, of course, two-wheeler is 
important to cover the fixed cost. So, that we are doing, but our ultimate plan 
is to put more focus on the passenger vehicle, commercial vehicle, EV, hybrid 
and the export market. So, those are our focus areas. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you, sir. And sir, can we talk a little bit on the Maruti side with the new 
plant Gujarat, how the progress is going and also how the order execution that 
is going on, if you can explain on that side, it would be helpful? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Jyoti, I would say like Maruti Suzuki, as you know they are the leading four-
wheeler company in India and we have a very good amicable relationship, very 
strong relationship with all Japanese OEMs including Maruti Suzuki. So, I 
would say in this con-call not specifically for one customer, but we have a 
strong relationship, and we are seeing that very good volume growth we will 
see in the coming quarters with all OEMs and also with the Maruti Suzuki. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Manas Jain from JUS 
Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Manas Jain: 
Hello, this is Manas here. Sir, just looking across the prior quarters for the last 
quarters from FY21 to FY24 and we had given similar product mix in FY21-22 
and still our gross margin and EBITDA margin was at least around 10%-11%. 
So, what is explaining this? I was trying to dice the data from all the angles, but 
I still can't understand how you have gone to 8%. Even in the worst of times we 
were there on 10%-11%. So, there is something I want to management at least 
help us understand what led to this is such a bad fall? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Mainly, the raw material cost is going up when you see comparison for the last 
3-4 years. So, when you are talking about from FY2021, the prices of 
aluminum have gone up, but not the value additions have not grown in the 
same proportion. So, automatically the ratio goes up of the raw material and 
as a percentage the margin goes down and when we have built up in the last 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 16 of 17  
year, the last 2-3 years, we have started building up the margins bringing the 
new businesses from Commercial Vehicles and Passenger Vehicles. So, that 
is the main reason that we have built up and reached up the gross margin of 
more than 50%. And when we go to the two-wheeler, maybe in that mix also 
when we are talking about it is not like that, only two-wheeler and four-
wheeler. In the four-wheeler also, there is a mix, so in some parts, especially 
the commercial vehicles, we are having a very good value addition, the gross 
margins. So, that has given us a big hit when we saw that approximately 30% 
decline in this quarter, so that has given a major impact. 
Manas Jain: 
So, when you are saying the 5% fall in the CV volume, so when we compare as 
a percentage to sales, so that 5% had the severe margin impact, is my 
understanding, right? It has such a severe impact even quarter-on-quarter? 
Vimal Gupta: 
It is not 5%, it is 30% I am talking about, Commercial Vehicles and then the 
KTM where the export two-wheelers, you are having the good margins, so that 
is a slowdown. 
Manas Jain: 
And also, the second question, where you said the Toyota there was some 
shutdown due to which we had impact on that too. So, what will be the 
impact, and will it flow in the next quarter if the activity starts again? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Manas, for this particular customer, of course, a yearend shutdown is there. 
And in between they stop production to increase their capacity. So, now that 
the shutdown is over and from this quarter, from January, we are seeing the 
regular offtake from their side and their plan, we are seeing that demand 
should further increase in the next 2 years’ time. We will see an 80% increase 
on the volume front on this particular customer. 
Manas Jain: 
But what was the impact this quarter just for bookkeeping purpose? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
We generally, Manas in this con-call, we don't give the specific number for 
particular customer. We can discuss it offline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Thank you. As we have shared, we remain confident of an improved 
performance going forward. Our deep engagement with customers and the 
growth plans they are indicating provide us comfort that we will see increased 
volume from Quarter 4 onwards with our process expertise, backward 
integration in design and engineering combined with a focus to enhance 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 17 of 17  
manufacturing capabilities with addition of newer technologies, our focus is 
on strong execution of the orders on hand.  
We also believe the Quarter 3 marked the bottom of the cyclicity in the 
industry and that there will be an improvement in export markets of Europe 
and US as well as an enhanced demand environment in India. This will ensure 
that our revenue and margins performance will improve going forward, 
starting with sequential improvement in Quarter 4 and further building up into 
FY26.  
Our association with Enkei positions us well to optimize the opportunities 
ahead. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarification or would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once 
again for taking the time to join us on this call and we look forward to 
interacting next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Alicon Castalloy Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The company 
does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
