 
KPIT Technologies Limited  
Registered & Corporate Office: Plot No. 17, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, MIDC-SEZ, 
Phase-III, Maan, Taluka-Mulshi, Hinjawadi, Pune-411057, India. 
CIN: L74999PN2018PLC174192 
 
O   +91 20 6770 6000 
E    info@kpit.com 
W   kpit.com 
February 4, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001. 
Scrip ID: KPITTECH 
Scrip Code: 542651 
Kind Attn: The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Symbol: KPITTECH 
Series: EQ 
 
Kind Attn: The Manager,  
Listing Department 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended 
December 31, 2024.  
 
In terms of Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call for the 
quarter ended December 31, 2024, conducted on January 29, 2025, after the 
meeting of the Board of Directors for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call is also made available on the 
website of the Company. The link to access the same is as below: 
 
https://www.kpit.com/investor-financials/  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For KPIT Technologies Limited  
 
 
        
 
Nida Deshpande 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
DESHPANDE 
NIDA YUNUS
Digitally signed by 
DESHPANDE NIDA YUNUS 
Date: 2025.02.04 19:45:19 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“KPIT Technologies Limited  
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KISHOR PATIL – CO-FOUNDER, CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – KPIT 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SACHIN TIKEKAR – PRESIDENT AND JOINT 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUP SABLE – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER AND 
BOARD MEMBER – KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MS. PRIYA HARDIKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL PHANSALKAR – VICE PRESIDENT OF CF&G, 
HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – KPIT TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED. 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL MARKETS LIMITED 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of KPIT hosted by Dolat Capital Markets Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Jain: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I would like to thank KPIT 
Technologies Limited for giving us the opportunity to host the earnings call. 
And now I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil Phansalkar, 
who is Vice President of CF&G and Head of IR at KPIT to do the management 
introductions. Over to you. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Thank you, Rahul. Hello all. Good evening, and a warm welcome to the 
earnings conference call for Q3 FY '25 of KPIT Technologies Limited. I hope all 
of you have had a great start to the new year and continue to have so for the 
remainder of the year. On the call today, we have Mr. Kishor Patil, Co-Founder, 
CEO and MD; Mr. Sachin Tikekar, Co-Founder and Joint MD; Mr. Anup Sable, 
CTO and Board member; and Mrs. Priya Hardikar, CFO; and Sunil from Investor 
Relations. 
 
As we do always, we'll have the opening remarks by Mr. Kishor Patil on the 
performance of the company and the way forward, and then we'll have it open 
for questions. So now I will hand this over to Mr. Kishor Patil. 
Kishor Patil: 
Good evening, everyone. Very happy to take you through the results for 
quarter ending December '24. At a high level, first, we maintain and reiterate 
our guidance for the revenue we had given at the beginning of the year 
between 18% to 22%. We have raised our EBITDA outlook from 20.5% + to 21% 
+, and that is reflected also in the EBITDA margin for this quarter. 
 
Overall year-to-date quarter 3 FY '25 revenue grew 20.7% over the last year 
Q3 YTD revenue. Similarly, YTD Q3 FY '25 profit growth is 38% over the same 
period last year. For this specific quarter, revenue grew 17.4% CC, 18.1% 
reported USD, year-on-year. EBITDA is 21.1% versus 20.8% last quarter.Year-
on-year, there is a growth of 20.4% in terms of net profits. 
Quarter-on-quarter, there is a growth of 2% in constant currency and 1.7% in 
reported revenue. Overall, the growth has during this period –largely beenis 
driven by Asia, but we'll explain a little more on this. The overall deal wins 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 3 of 21 
 
have been $236 million during the quarter, are largely balanced, driven more 
by Europe and followed by US and Asia. 
The cash for the quarter has increased from INR9.68 billion last quarter to 
INR14.2 billion this quarter. This is a significant cash generation during the 
quarter. It's an exceptional one. Our DSO is 42 days, which we typically are 
about 45 days. So significant cash generation during the quarter. 
We have interim dividend of INR2.5 per share as compared to INR2.1 per share 
last year. The overall growth during this quarter is driven by Asia, Powertrain 
and Connected vehicles. The revenue mix has really improved. And mainly our 
productivity continued to improve. As you might have seen year-on-year, the 
per person productivity, per person revenue, per person contribution has gone 
up. 
 
In terms of people, our attrition continues to remain the lowest. It is about 
half of most of the average industry attrition. And there is a substantial 
investment we continue to make in people, basically make them AI ready as 
well as improving the competency of our team. In terms of technology, the 
top two areas for us continue to be AI and cybersecurity for the investments, 
along with our continued investment in the normal practices. 
 
Looking forward for the next year, overall, we see very positive conversations 
with the clients. And our pipeline has significantly increased during this year. 
We do not report any specific numbers, but I may say that it has gone up by 
about 20% plus during this quarter. The pipeline has increased. It has 
increased mainly on account of 2 things. One is a couple of large deals, 
significant deals and deals across multiple broad-based clients. 
 
We have positive conversations going with 8 new clients, which we 
have been pursuing and that has resulted into broad-based pipeline for KPIT. 
It is across the vertical. I mean it is, of course, led by Passenger cars, but 
there is a meaningful pipeline in off-highway, commercial and semi-con for 
automotive. And this is mainly driven by 2 things. One is many of large clients, 
OEMs, which include existing as well as the new ones, some of them has 
come out of consolidation of partners they have,where they are looking at 
effective, quick implementation of SDV and there we see a natural orientation 
to come to KPIT. And the second part is some of these new companies, which 
we are talking about, who are mainly in off-highway, commercial and semi-
con companies who need different kind of solutions for the mobility in terms 
of largely driven by the architectural changes in SDV. So these are some of 
the reasons why the pipeline has gone up, it is fairly balanced between the 
geographies as well. 
 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
Looking at the other part in terms of another big change which happened 
during the quarter is about the US. There are many changes which are 
happening. All in all, we see that there is  in some way, we see the positive 
movement all in all. While some of the incentives on EV are no more, but what 
it means is basically they have given more options to the end consumer.  
And considering the fact that the consumers have a preference for electric 
vehicles, including, as you know, Tesla, which is a US company. And there is 
a significant segment who prefers EV. Naturally, it means also that the OEMs 
will look for alternate solutions, which means hybrid, which means fuel cell 
and also stepping up their conventional programs. I think that means that 
there are multiple opportunities for us to engage with the OEMs. 
 
We do not see any significant challenges in terms of visa, etcetera, basically 
because we believe it is about the talent and not about the immigration. And 
so we believe that there will be a continued mobility for short-term projects 
as needed, whether it is H1 or L1 or any other mode, it doesn't matter. We are 
well prepared for continuing to increase our local presence as well. We believe 
that the people productivity is a major focus for us. We'll continue to make 
AI investments, and we'll improve the productivity per person as we continue 
to do it. 
 
On the M&A side, we continue to engage with few companies. but looking at 
their sizes and what we see currently, we do not see that we will opt for QIP 
in the short term. So we believe some of these acquisitions, we will do 
through internal accruals on the basis of strong cash flow and borrowing. And 
we will not opt for QIP at this point of time. Thank you. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
We can now have it open for questions, please. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
So a couple of questions. Firstly, obviously, we are -- in auto sales, but based 
on the client conversation, -- being fastest between US and Europe, between 
the two I know Asia does well. But between US and Europe, where do you 
see the recovery happening at a faster growth? That's question number one. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Bhavik, could you repeat that. We couldn't hear you clearly. Breaking a little 
bit. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Is it better? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Yes. So I was asking that, obviously, we have seen a slowdown in global auto 
volumes, and obviously, the recovery will take some time. But between US 
and Europe, where do you see the demand from clients coming back sooner 
than later based on our client conversations? That's question number one. 
 
The second question is as OEMs move from EVs to hybrids or other alternative 
options, how does that impact the kind of work KPIT does with those OEMs? 
Do we see any headwinds on our revenues because of that movement from 
EVs to, let's say, hybrid or any other alternative option? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
So let me answer the first question first. The way I understood the question 
was where is the demand coming from? Where we see recovery from our 
perspective, given the sluggishness in the total volume of the vehicles being 
sold. So as Mr. Patil mentioned earlier, it's led by Europe, followed closely by 
Americas and Asia. So it's a balanced sort of demand generation that we have 
created in terms of the geographies. 
And also, if you were to look at the breakup of the sub-verticals, obviously 
it's led by passenger cars, followed by trucks. And there are meaningful 
conversations with the off-highway OEMs. Primarily, off-highway and truck 
OEMs are from Europe and the US. So I hope that answers your first question. 
 
And the second question was sort of alternate propulsions. It's not just going 
to be battery electric vehicles, but there are other options that we have to 
make available and what does that mean to KPIT. It's a great opportunity for 
KPIT. A, we do a lot of the work in the battery electric space, and we think 
that, that will continue because there is still demand across the world for 
battery electric vehicles, including the US. The other part is actually the 
hybrid. 
And we think that in specific countries, many OEMs will actually have to focus 
on not only plug-in hybrid, but also the mild hybrid solutions. So that creates 
an opportunity because we are servicing some of the clients in the hybrid 
space as well. And there is from -- especially from off-highway and truck 
perspective, there is thinking towards next generation of conventional 
powertrain engines as well. 
So that creates an opportunity because that's the core of KPIT historically 
speaking. So we think that it's a very positive thing for us, not only in -- 
necessarily in the US, but we also see similar trends in markets like Japan, 
potentially in India as well and some of the other markets across the globe. 
So we really believe that it's a very good opportunity for our company. 
Kishor Patil: 
I wanted to add one different dimension. I think somehow, people relate all 
the expenses with EV, while that opportunity exists as Mr. Tikekar mentioned. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 6 of 21 
 
The SDV, as you look at it, it is much beyond EV in that sense. And if you 
actually ask me, the largest growth will be driven for us in terms of digital 
cockpit and autonomous in the next few years. 
So while we continue to grow, as we mentioned, I just wanted to reiterate 
this basically because I think many times, it is misunderstood that it's driven 
only by the EV part. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Does that answer your question? 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics 
Advisory LLP. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Am I audible sir? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Yes. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Congrats for a decent set of numbers. My first question is on QORIX. Like we 
are observing a few developments there happening when we visit your social 
media platform particularly on the human resource side, like teams of Pune 
and Bangalore are meeting along with the new hirings happening. So can you 
put some light on where are we right now? And by when we can expect 
revenue to start kicking in KPIT's books. So that is my first question. 
Kishor Patil: 
So actually, I may just say that we are quite on track. The team is already in 
place. And to some extent, we are building this solution for a much broader 
base. Last time I mentioned that we have open sourced some part of it as a 
part of consortium for Europe. We have got one significant OEM as a client 
for QORIX. And we are also in advanced engagement with 1 European OEM. 
And also our discussions about third partner, is in advanced stage. So this is 
what I may say. Anup, do want to add anything? So I think this is where we 
are on the QORIX. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Do we expect anything in revenue to contribute in FY '26 in KPIT's books? 
Kishor Patil: 
So I may say that it continues to contribute in some way right now, but I'm 
sure it will be a contributor for the next year. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood, sir. And sir, like in continuation to question of previous 
participant, you mentioned SDV is much beyond the EV. So can you please 
further elaborate on it, like how -- like you also mentioned you are doing it 
for one of your hybrid customers. So can you please put some more color on 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 7 of 21 
 
it, like how it can be like not a degrowing factor, the change in the Trump's 
policies happening that is not going to affect us? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
So let me, I think what Mr. Patil was trying to say is not all vehicle programs 
are just necessarily about battery electric vehicle or propulsions. The 
priorities for the OEMs are also in the areas of e-cockpit, which is basically 
consumer experience. I think there is a lot of high spend in e-cockpit and 
consumer experience. That's point number one. Point number two, 
cybersecurity is also becoming important. And thirdly, the autonomous driving 
Level 2 to Level 3 is also important. So again, there are investments. 
 
So I think what Mr. Patil was trying to say, the spend is not just about alternate 
propulsions. There are other areas where OEMs are making investments and 
those also create opportunities for us. And let me have Anup Sable contribute 
to that to what I just said. 
Anup Sable: 
If you look at in the past, how OEMs worked was primarily sourcing electronic 
components, which obviously, when you talk about electronics, there is 
software in it. So sourcing that and integrating the electronic software 
components into their vehicle. SDV is an initiative for right reasons to actually 
make sure that most of the software is actually driven by the OEM, controlled 
by the OEM, owned by the OEM. 
And as a result, the OEM program, which was largely an integration program 
of maybe 20 subsystems supplied by the Tier 1s is coming down to actually 
developing software for all these subsystems. So whether it is cockpit, 
whether it is chassis, whether it is body, whether it is autonomous vehicle 
and many more. 
And that actually drives different architectures. So a significant amount of 
work in terms of making that happen in terms of change of architecture and 
writing more software on top of their architecture. So I think when we talk 
about SDV, we are talking about much more than e-Powertrain. 
There could be a nonelectric powertrain SDV also because fundamentally, 
what the OEM wants to do in the future, is get closer to the customer and 
most of the customer journey or customer experience enhancement is 
happening through software now. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Got it. Thanks for nice explanation. My next question is on the deal pipeline. 
Like with pipeline showing a strong improvement both year-on-year and 
quarter-on-quarter. So how do you see this trend shaping up in the upcoming 
quarters? Like what is the future prospect in terms of the pipeline and in 
terms of the deal wins? 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Sachin Tikekar: 
So what we can say at this point in time, there are two things. One is, we are 
very happy to see that there is significant improvement in terms of the deal 
closures that we have actually reported. It's not just the deal closures during 
this quarter, but also the pipeline build-up for potential closures in Q4, but 
more importantly, the closures in the first half of next financial year. 
 
And as Mr. Patil explained, we believe that there are opportunities for us to 
continue to grow across the 3 geographies and also across the 3 sub-verticals. 
And the fourth part, if we can add beyond the 3 sub-verticals, passenger cars, 
trucks and off-highway vehicle is what we can actually do with the 
semiconductor companies to create much greater value for the OEMs. 
So there is another angle where together we can make a much bigger impact 
on some of the OEMs. So net-net, right now, we are very happy to see the 
progress that we've made in Q3, and we expect the trend to continue in the 
near future. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Got it, sir. And one small request like we were looking to visit your facilities 
in Mumbai. And we tried reaching via investor desk on the e-mail address, 
which you are sharing with us in PPT. Further, we also called on the contact 
number followed by a mail to the investor grievance, but no one is responding, 
sir. So kindly look into it whether there is some internal issue or what? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
No, please write an e-mail to sunil.phansalkar@kpit.com, and I'll get back to 
you. 
Garvit Goyal: 
We have written on this email address only. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
You can just re-forward it to me, and I'll get back to you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Uppal from PhillipCapital India. 
Karan Uppal: 
The first question is on the potential Honda Nissan merger. So do you foresee 
any risk to the existing work which you are doing for Honda, which may impact 
the growth for FY '26? That's the first question. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
So as you know, what is in the press is they are working towards creating an 
agreement over the next couple of quarters. And all going well, they will 
create one common entity where the 2 companies will get merged. And that's 
something that they will do in the next year. Honda is one of most important 
clients. And for Honda, we are one of the most critical partners in their SDV 
and beyond SDV journey. 
 
We actually look at this as a greater opportunity, not only from the work that 
we are doing for Honda, many of the things that we are doing for Honda where 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Honda is leading the way. So we believe that if all of this goes through, there 
could be opportunities for us to bring the Nissan part of the partnership also 
up to speed with what has been done. 
 
Having said that, we also think that there are opportunities related to overall 
cost reduction in the vehicles, both on the Honda side as well as the Nissan 
side, that will actually become very critical. That's one of the reasons why 
they're actually coming together is to leverage the combined volume and 
improve profitability and the impact. So from our perspective, we believe that 
this is a very positive thing from KPIT's perspective. 
 
It's too early to say because I think there is a very clear road map that they 
have rolled out, and we'll go as things start to materialize on that front. And 
on top of that, I think we are in conversations with both the OEMs, outside of 
this potential partnership. So yes, net-net, I think it's a very positive thing 
from KPIT's lens. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. So no impact as such you are seeing at this point of time from this 
potential merger? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Hopefully in a positive way. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Okay. Great. Second question is on the pipeline. So very bullish 
commentary on the pipeline side. But last time, you mentioned that the timing 
of the deal conversion was a bit uncertain. So have we seen improvement in 
pipeline to deal conversion? And second question related to that is any large 
SDV-related deal you are seeing in the pipeline? 
Kishor Patil: 
So first thing is we have seen the good conversions during the quarter. So we 
do hope there are more positive conversations. But during the quarter, we 
have seen very strong conversions specifically being the last quarter of the 
calendar year. So of course, I mentioned that there are a few larger 
opportunities in our pipeline. 
But the more better thing, I would say, is it is across 3 verticals, across 
geographies and it includes more clients as we are adding off-highway and 
commercial vehicles to the pipeline as well as new passenger car vehicle 
OEMs, where we have not engaged till now. So it's a broader set of clients, 
and it is across a broader set of verticals. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
What I would just add to what Mr. Patil said is in reference to your specific 
comments with regards to SDV, most of the long-term partnerships that we 
have announced in the recent past were related to SDV. Going forward, that 
would be the case, but it would be much beyond that. As Mr. Sable explained 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 10 of 21 
 
that there are different parts. So there is the SDV part and the variance of 
that. 
The second part is also the alternate powertrain. There is the overall vehicle 
cost reduction, cybersecurity. So we see all of these areas where we can have 
large long-term engagements. 
Kishor Patil: 
Just to add to that, during this quarter, one of the engagements is a significant 
SDV program, which we have signed during the quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Shah from RSPN Ventures. 
Jinesh Shah: 
Am I audible? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Yes. 
Jinesh Shah: 
Yes. So my question would be that we saw market shift happening and there's 
like OEM s that were looking for cost reduction, right? So I would just -- based 
on which you already mentioned about that you'll be hitting the lower end of 
the guidance in top line. So firstly, can you talk about how are things right 
now with OEMs? Are they like still struggling to maintain their financial 
performance? 
And how are we seeing that in -- how it will be reflecting in the top line. So 
like if you say that you'll be hitting 18% lower end of the guidance. And if I do 
the math, then for Q4, it might sum up to around 10%, if I am doing correctly 
Y-o-Y basis. So if you can answer these two questions? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. First, you are not fully audible, but as I understand, I will try to answer 
to the best of my ability. But the first thing is we mentioned that we have 
raised the profit guidance. which is, in my view, whatever I have seen, it is 
one of, if not the highest, guidance or performance during the quarter  not 
only ER&D, but across all the companies. 
 
The second thing, I would urge you not to speculate anything. I think we have 
strong quarter closures. I talked about the pipeline going significantly higher 
and conversations across the verticals. I can only share this much at this point 
of time. And we have increased our profitability guidance. So it shows that 
we are in a position to really have a meaningful engagement with the clients. 
 
So the only thing what I want to say is there are 2 drivers. I will repeat what 
I have said earlier. One is the large consolidation deals from the European 
partners, which many clients had they see significant value from KPIT,. So we 
are in a position to engage with them. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 11 of 21 
 
And the second part is the new sub-verticals where we are engaged. They're 
also a journey towards SDV or the new architecture. So that is what is driving 
the pipeline. 
Jinesh Shah: 
Okay. Okay. That was helpful. And secondly, if you can just talk about like one 
of the participants already talked about QORIX. So like at PAT level because 
we can see that we have some amount of loss coming in sharing due to -- 
how are we looking going forward in next year financials? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Currently, there is a share in loss from QORIX. And how do we see that going 
forward? Is that the right question? 
Jinesh Shah: 
Yes, yes. 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes, I think, I mean, in our business model, we had maintained that it will 
continue for some time. But at the same time I will talk about that the revenue 
cycle has started. In the new product company, we had expected that there 
would not be much revenues in the first 18 months. But at least we see some 
revenue starting from next quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Congrats on the solid deal wins in the quarter. I had a couple of questions. 
One is, I think not only for us but across the industry, I think both US and 
Europe have been weak. And our strength in Asia has sort of ensured that we 
are better off. Just wanted your thoughts on -- from both these geographies, 
when do you see them sort of returning to growth for us on an overall 
perspective? That's the first question. 
Kishor Patil: 
So Nitin, as I mentioned, I think the wins we had, I think, they are led by 
Europe and across verticals. So I think the growth will come back latest by 
quarter 1, if not quarter 4. I hope it will return by quarter 4. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. And I think in the last quarter, we were worried about some pushout 
of deal execution, and this is what even the other players are suggesting. Do 
you think that's sort of subsiding? And while the deal closures are actually 
quite solid, do you think the deal to revenue conversion will be normal? Or do 
you think that also gets pushed out a bit or it's just normal for us? 
Kishor Patil: 
I mean I can only say during this quarter, also, earlier when we talked about 
it, I think we have been in a position to get good closures. We are very positive 
about the conversations, which we are having. So, we do believe that there 
will be better conversions than what we expected earlier. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. Got it. And this -- the other expense has sort of increased like almost 
11% sequentially. Anything specific within that number? Or how should we 
think about that on a going-forward basis? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. It's an absolutely one-off kind of a thing increase, but we continue to do 
that. So I think we had a substantial additional expense during this quarter, 
where we have actually had a significant investment into both the technology 
as well as management development, both for AI and competencies. And we 
did something on our own significantly. 
Also, we deployed certain consultants for the same. for accelerating our 
journey to off-highway and commercial verticals. So that is the expense which 
has come during the quarter. It's not something which is affected. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Okay. Got it. And just one last one. See, when we look at the rupee realization, 
it's at around INR84. So how does the -- so are we taking hedge losses on 
the revenue line? Is that how it works? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
No, no, Nitin. If you look at it, our exposure to euro and yen is about 60%. And 
the INR has appreciated against both these currencies as compared to the 
last quarter. Whereas against the dollar, it has actually depreciated. But our 
dollar currency share is lower as compared to the euro and yen. 
And that's why this realized rate that comes, which is nothing but the rupee 
revenue upon the US dollar reported revenue is a mixture of all of these 
currencies, and it's typically because of yen and euro, where the realization 
has been lower. Hedge incomes or losses are not taken in revenue. They are 
a part of other income. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. Got it. And just one last follow-up, if I may. From the large mega deals 
that we were talking about, how is that tracking? And how is the competitive 
intensity for those deals? 
Kishor Patil: 
I think I can only say that fortunately, because of the experience and what 
we have, the competencies developed, we are in a prime position for most of 
the deals. And I have always said that we are in a very good position on that 
behalf. I think even from the competition side, the client is very selective 
because it is not about only price. But because of the competitive pressure 
on them, they want to get it done in a quicker way as well as they want 
reliability. 
 
And the kind of solutions we have and the kind of innovation we bring to the 
table, that differentiates us very significantly. So from that perspective, we 
are in a good position. And not only that, we are in a position to have some 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 13 of 21 
 
premium in most of these kind of deals. And that reflects into some of the 
performance parameters, both on productivity and profitability. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav from ASK Investment Managers. 
Pranav: 
Just one question on the margin front, considering a significant part of our 
acceleration is coming from the ROW geography, which is on the lower margin 
side relatively. How are we looking to offset this change in margins going? 
Kishor Patil: 
I didn't understand your last comment. 
Pranav: 
Since a significant acceleration is coming from the ROW geography, which is 
relatively lower margin as compared to, say, Europe, how are we looking to 
offset this margin headwind with the change in mix from geography point of 
view? 
Kishor Patil: 
So that is, I think, an assumption from your side, actually. Yes. So many times, 
we do not see any impact on our profitability because of that. Actually, I think 
we have the same, if not better profitability as compared to the other part. 
Actually, if you ask me we are getting ready for, if I had to say, pressure on 
cost to some extent, but we believe we will be in a position to really have 
benefits because of the investments we are making in AI and automation and 
the productivity. Maybe Anup, you may want to talk about it. 
Anup Sable: 
Yes. So from an AI perspective, I think if you look at AI and how it works, there 
is going to be a significant advantage for companies that have data/expertise 
knowledge and being very focused on this vertical and the experience that we 
have gained and the kind of problems that we have addressed to the 
customer, we believe we are in a good position to start leveraging using AI. 
 
And out of the 3 main applications of the AI, right, one is for what we need 
to do as a company. One is what we need to do as a company towards our 
customer, and third is what our customers need to do. We are very well 
positioned and appropriately invested in those areas. 
Kishor Patil: 
And on top of it, I may also say that we are also improving our mix of revenue 
towards either license , platforms outcome-based revenues, where the 
margins are better. And  so we feel comfortable at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ruchi Mukhija from ICICI Securities. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Congratulations on good execution in this tough quarter. I have a couple of 
questions. We have had a very good run in Asia over the last 2 years. Asia 
revenues seen about two and half times jump. Do you see this geography to 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 14 of 21 
 
stay resilient and not see challenges that European or North American 
automakers are seeing today? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Ruchi, so let me answer that question. We do see growth coming from Asia 
in future as well. And when we look at Asia, we look at Japan, Korea, China, 
Southeast Asia and India. And also now there are 1 or 2 OEMs that are in the 
Middle East. So that's really Asia. And we believe that all of these markets, 
we are likely to see growth. So we remain bullish on Asia. However, I just want 
to reiterate what I said earlier. 
 
What is being reported as growth from Asia, it does have elements of Europe 
and US because some of the clients that are actually from US and Europe, 
large execution is happening out of India. So Asia is getting credit for it. But 
that's not to say that Asia will not lead our growth going forward. Does that 
answer your question? 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Yes. And then I had a few questions on margin. In the prepared remark also 
Mr. Patil highlighted, we are working on improving employee productivity, and 
we see that playing out in numbers also. Could you explain what is driving 
revenue or productivity? What are we doing to keep this lever engaged for us? 
Kishor Patil: 
So maybe this is the point I may share with you one thing. If you look at the 
last December, the same time, our headcount is almost same, only 50 people 
are more as compared over the year. And our revenues, as you know, have 
gone up by 18% or so. So it shows what we have been in a position to achieve 
in terms of this. 
We do hope that with the other automation and the productivity measures, 
AI as well as the business model, we could continue to do it. I don't know to 
what extent, but to a significant extent. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Okay. Now coming to headcount part of it. Now for last 2 quarters, we see 
headcount reduction. You also mentioned we have been helping our employee 
resources now tied bad. So -- and this has been happening while we are 
growing our top line. So do we have room to further correct utilization? Or 
we expect hiring to increase from this quarter onwards? 
Kishor Patil: 
So actually, that was the reason I mentioned the first point that you please 
do not link the revenues to headcount because if you apply the same logic, in 
1 year, we have not added the headcount. So it's only 50 people we have 
added in the year as compared to the last December.  
Ruchi Mukhija: 
How to execute on the deals that we have won? 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Kishor Patil: 
So I will answer that question. But the only thing I'm saying is please don't 
put on to the headcount part only. So we, of course, have made offers in the 
colleges next year. We are very selective about the talent which we want to 
hire in the AI-powered world. And also the kind of domain we want. So we 
would be very selective in hiring people of this type or even the young people 
with a different kind of orientation and aptitude. 
 
So I think as we are really playing a technology game, I think that's how we 
see talent. And I would request you not to look at that while we are making 
offers for the next year or so. But how it works out, I don't want to predict 
anything right now. It depends upon -- I mean, you should be happy if we are 
in a position to increase ,get better revenues without adding to the headcount. 
But at the same time, we continue to hire and look for better talent. We 
continue to hire more in lower-cost countries, but good talent, which is not 
cheap. So I think we continue to do that. Anup, if you have any comments on 
the talent. 
Anup Sable: 
Yes. So we are looking at how the talent competencies will change over the 
time in AI-first delivery, and we are working on that. We are confident that 
we have already progressed with what our assessment is in terms of what we 
want. And we'll start and  we have already put in place the mechanisms to 
identify training mechanisms or infrastructure that is required from AI 
perspective to leverage their talent. 
So all is in place. And going forward next quarter and the next year, especially, 
we believe that we will push more of what we think as technology into what 
we deliver to the customers. 
Kishor Patil: 
And to just answer your question, we are in a very good position if we want 
to hire. We can go out and hire because right now, we are really an employer 
of choice. I said our attrition is at the lowest. We are an exciting company to 
work for. So we don't see any issue anywhere in the world to hire, not only in 
India. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial 
Limited. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
I feel that we have expanded sort of our playbook and correct me if I'm wrong, 
be it in terms of client base, we talked about 8 clients out of our T25 clients. 
In terms of offerings, we have spoken about semi-con at length, which we 
have not spoken earlier, and also in terms of some verticals... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Abhishek, you need to be a little closer to the microphone, 
you are sounding muffled. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Yes. Is this better? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Yes. So my question was that it appears from outside that we have expanded 
our playbook, whether it's client base , offerings or sub-verticals. And I also 
see despite a decline in technical headcount, I see an increase in enabling 
sales personnel. And we just talked about deploying some consultants for 
some of the new verticals. 
So am I reading this right? Is this a conscious strategy that we are trying to 
expand what we offer to offset or a potential slowdown that we are seeing 
and therefore, investing ahead of the curve so that the revenue trajectory, 
etcetera, remain a lot more resilient. 
Kishor Patil: 
I'll answer your question, but I didn't understand in the modelling you 
mentioned. I'm just trying to understand. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Let me try and answer the question that you have -- the way we understood 
the question is you're saying that we are expanding into 3 sub-verticals. We 
are expanding into more offerings. Does that mean that we are hedging in 
order to prepare for any kind of slowdown? Is that? 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Not -- yes, the question is same, but I didn't mean that. I meant that we are 
investing ahead of the curve given some slowdown, etcetera, but we probably 
see opportunity in adversity, etcetera. 
Kishor Patil: 
At a high level, let me answer that question. We believe our share in the spend 
of the client can be at more than double from where we are. But at the same 
time, looking at the industry, we want to make sure that we are more broad-
based. And we are in the mobility, which is, again, very, very similar 
technologies and the same type of clients. So that's what we are trying to do. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. Sure. The second question is on -- we have spoken about kind of 
offshoring demand from some of the European and US OEMs. Where are we? 
Has that kind of demand sustained? Are we seeing some offset in terms of 
volumes from those customers for the price discount of lower cost that we 
are passing on? 
Any color around. Do you see that continuing for the next few quarters? Or 
do you think that majority of the impact in terms of revenue deflation is 
already in the base? 
Kishor Patil: 
Nothing is on our territory, that's client-specific, but for a large set of clients, 
we don't see any changes. And actually, it is reflected in the results. I think 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 17 of 21 
 
the margin is increased and the closures have been higher both in dollar terms 
and this. So at a high level, we don't see it. It is very customer specific. 90% 
of the clients, we don't see any changes in the behaviour at all. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman 
Sachs. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: My first question is just on the Nissan Honda merger, which I think was 
discussed earlier as well. So I just want to understand of your 63 active 
customers today, is Nissan a part of that? Or is it something that you'd think 
is incremental if it were to come through potential Honda merger? 
Kishor Patil: 
Difficult to give a client-specific answer, but as Mr. Tikekar said, it will be an 
add-on to us in terms of it's a revenue growth opportunity for us. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. Second bit is, I think for many quarters, your 
active client count, I don't know how much it matters, but your active client 
count has been at 60 clients. And I think after a period of 5 or 6 quarters, 
we've now seen it increase by 3 clients. You also gave some commentary in 
your prepared remarks that you've been able to sign on some new clients. 
So I just want to understand what is the nature of these clients? Are these 
new age OEMs? Are these legacy OEMs you didn't work with? Are these 
semiconductor companies? Are they Tier 1s? Just trying to understand that. 
Kishor Patil: 
So it is actually all of it, but let me give a bit of color on this. So there are a 
few OEMs which we did not engage earlier for both things. I mean, naturally, 
first, they did not have a clear road map for the SDV as well as the 
investments marked for it and their direction was, I would say, not consistent 
with what the solutions we have to offer. 
But what we have seen is many of those are coming back to us,  even the 
legacy OEMs, at least 3, I can see, if not 4 large ones. And that really brings 
our engagement with them, which is based on what they want to do and what 
they see, what KPIT has done. So I think that is one part. 
 
The second is the expansion we have done in the off-highway and commercial 
vehicles part. So that -- there are naturally clients from that side. And last 
but not the least is what Mr. Tikekar mentioned is, we are trying to 
meaningfully engage with the semiconductor companies together to create 
solutions, which will be very significant for the OEMs. And I think with all 
these 3, we are talking about the meaningful engagements. And now on the 
number of clients, I think we really continue to work. As you know, we work 
only with 25. So the number is 60, whatever, and that it is what we continue 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 18 of 21 
 
to engage and we add when there is really, we believe that we are going to 
work together. 
And so we don't come into POCs or those we don't count really. At a point of 
time, we had been, so some of those will reflect in due course. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Just to add to what Mr. Patil said so that we avoid the confusion between 
T25 and 60. I would say more than 85% of our revenues actually come from 
T25, the remaining contribute to the remaining 35-odd. And these are the 
clients; A, some of them came through old acquisitions. And there are many 
of them where we are actually there are small licensing kind of agreements 
and arrangements. For licensing, we do go beyond T25. 
 
So just for you to know, the focus continues on T25. The mix will change 
because there are more and more OEMs coming in from passenger cars, and 
we will add more from trucks and off-highway. Whereas the dependence over 
the last 3 years from Tier 1 has gone down dramatically. So it's becoming 
almost all of it as OEMs in T25. 
So that focus remains. And as Mr. Patil said, we are very judicious about 
signing up new clients because we really want this to be a meaningful long-
term partnership. And that requires time, but we have actually been putting 
in that time for the last few years. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. And my last question is just on the topic of European 
OEMs that we've discussed a few times on the call. So I just want to 
understand I think the European OEMs are the ones within your mix, which 
are large, but maybe take a little bit longer to come back. I think you gave 
commentary that Q4 or Q1 is possible. 
So just trying to understand what are some of the things you need to see in 
the industry in the broader environment potentially for them to come back a 
little quicker? 
Kishor Patil: 
I think the first thing is that the closures we have done during the quarter, 
right? I think there are fair closures from the European clients. So that's the 
point number one. Point number two, the largest part of the, pipeline, the 
pipeline is across all the 3 geographies, but the largest is from Europe. And 
the conversation we see and the progress we are making recently gives us 
that confidence. 
 
And as I said, the reason for that is basically many of them were engaged with 
local partners and high-costengagements. But more importantly, they realize 
that many things they tried with locally, they would like to find a solution 
which is quicker and cost effective. And that is where they are coming back 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 19 of 21 
 
to us. And those conversations are progressing, and that's why we mentioned 
it in a positive sense. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment 
Managers Limited. 
Bharat Shah: 
Yes. I think this call has come a little late. I had to get off the call to something 
else. But quickly, what I understood from your narration is that your clients' 
business challenges apart, the progress on the sales being good or otherwise 
apart. Fundamentally, we offer a solution and capability which results in a 
relationship with auto client, which is not transactional, but which is a deeper 
engagement. 
And therefore, that gives us ability to grow even when your clients are facing 
challenges. That was, in some sense, is a meaning I could derive. 
Kishor Patil: 
Absolutely. And to add to that, I mentioned that our share in the client spend 
still can more than double. So putting what you mentioned and that part, I 
think we believe that we will be in a position to grow our relations. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Bharat, I think you should become our spokesperson. You articulated -- you 
are spot on. I must appreciate that, the way you captured it. 
Bharat Shah: 
Thank you. Which means, we are not linearly correlated to the business issues 
and challenges and otherwise facing clients. We are fundamentally problem 
solver for them. And so long as these clients are going to remain in the 
business, technology flux, whether it is EV or hybrid or this or that really is 
an opportunity rather than a concern for you. 
Kishor Patil: 
Absolutely, absolutely. And I think we have been talking about it for last 3, 4 
years that our revenues or the spend does not linearly connect with the 
vehicles sold, but it is about the product development and the future 
platforms they are creating. And to your point, you really articulated it well 
as Mr. Tikekar mentioned. So absolutely. 
Bharat Shah: 
Just one last bit. On CV revenues remaining softer, what has been the causal 
factor? Is it transitory kind of issues at the client's end or it is more structural? 
Kishor Patil: 
So it is actually very specific to 1 or 2 clients. And actually, we have made 
significant investment in these 2 verticals, off-highway and commercial. And 
we again want to engage only in a meaningful manner. That is certainly what 
we want to do. So it may take some timebut I mean I'm sure we'll start seeing 
the results next year. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, you mentioned about the 
pipeline, the growth being there, 20% Y-o-Y. Can I get a broader sense as to 
how has the pipeline growth grown over the last 3 months, last 6 months? 
You mentioned a significant growth. Any number over there will be helpful. 
And also what is the growth here in Europe on a 3-month, 6-month basis? Is 
the pipeline growing strongly for Europe? Some color on that will be helpful? 
Kishor Patil: 
So we do not mention the pipeline, as I said, it could be misleading. But... 
Mihir Manohar: 
Just a Y-o-Y number. Sorry to interrupt, but just a Y-o-Y or Q-or-Q number, 
not the absolute number. 
Kishor Patil: 
So yes, that's what I'm answering. So actually, I'm saying it is a quarter-on-
quarter 20%. growth It is not year-on-year, the increase in the pipeline. And 
yes, it's a very significant number. It's a 20% increase in the pipeline, and it is 
led by Europe. So there is a significant increase in the pipeline in Europe as 
well. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, sure. Understood. Correct. Correct. So I'm sure, given the conversations, 
the kind of conversations which we're having on Europe, should we see our 
company growth levels coming back, I mean, the earlier growth which was 
there from 1Q onwards? 
Kishor Patil: 
I don't understand this part, maybe I will understand over the period of time. 
But this year also, we are having one of the best growth in the industry. But 
it's okay. I think we see the opportunities are good. Conversations are good, 
and we'll talk about it in April. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure. And just a second question was on the change in the US administration, 
which is there. Now incentives have also been phased out on EV side. So I 
mean, I understand these are the early days. But what could be the possible 
impact for us given the fact that we have such a tremendous experience in 
the industry? How should we see the change in US administration on the 
overall EV and specifically the ER&D outsourcing side? 
Kishor Patil: 
Actually, we answered this question a few times earlier that actually it's a 
broadening of the products for the end consumer. And work in all the 3. We 
do not see any significant impact. Not only that, we see opportunities actually  
because these will be separate programs. And SDV is beyond EV. And that -- I think we explained that 
earlier. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2025 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
So thank you, everyone, for your active participation. And if you have any more 
queries, please feel free to write to us. Thank you so much, and have a great 
evening. Bye. 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes 
this conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
