 
Dated: February 17 , 2025 
 
The Manager 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
 
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
 
 
 
Dalal Street 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Script Symbol: GODAVARIB 
 
 
 
 
Script Code:544279 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Investor/Analyst Conference Call held for discussion of ﬁnancial 
performance of Q3 9MFY 25   
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we are pleased to forward herewith a link of the Transcript of Investor's/Analyst/Concall on 
ﬁnancial results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 
 
The same is available on website of the Company https://www.godavaribioreﬁneries.com/our-
company-investors 
 
 
 
This is for your information and records.  
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully 
 
For Godavari Bioreﬁneries Limited 
 
 
Manoj Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance OƯicer 
Membership No. F-7998 
 
 
 
 
 
MANOJ 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ JAIN 
Date: 2025.02.17 
13:15:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Godavari Biorefineries Limited Q3 & 9 Months FY25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMIR SOMAIYA - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, GODAVARI BIOREFINERIES LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH SINHA - ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER 
(INVESTOR RELATIONS & FINANCE), GODAVARI 
BIOREFINERIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PRACHI AMBRE – ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Godavari Biorefineries Limited Q3 & 9 Months 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Prachi Ambre from Orient Capital. Thank you and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Prachi Ambre: 
Good afternoon everyone for Godavari Biorefineries Limited Q3 and 9-month Earnings 
Conference Call. 
Today on the call, we have Mr. Samir Somaiya – Chairman & Managing Director and Mr. 
Ashish Sinha – Assistant General Manager, Investor Relations & Finance. 
Before we begin the call, I would like to give a short disclaimer: 
This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon 
our beliefs and expectations as of today. The statements are not a guarantee of our future 
performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Samir Sir for his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. Thank you. 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you, Prachi. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Godavari Biorefineries 
Limited, I extend a warm welcome to all participants on our Q3 and 9-month Financial Year ‘25 
Financial Results Discussion Call. 
I hope you have had the opportunity to review our Financial Results and Investor Presentation, 
which have been uploaded on the Stock Exchange and on our company website. 
We use the IPO proceeds to pay down the term debt of Rs. 240 crores during the quarter. We 
will see the benefit of this repayment in terms of reduced interest and principal payments from 
the current quarter onwards. We remain committed to strengthening our business as we progress 
on our journey towards growth and operational excellence. We are continuing to diversify our 
revenue stream with a strategic focus on biobased chemicals and strengthening our ethanol 
division through the exploration of multiple feedstocks. At the core of this transformation, our 
3 DSIR registered R&D center, supported by a team of more than 50 dedicated research 
professionals. The biochemicals and ethanol segment is poised to become a key driver of our 
future expansion, reinforcing our vision of building a sustainable, innovation-led, bio-refining 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
business. We have taken significant strides in our commitment to operational excellence and 
sustainable growth. 
One of the key highlights this quarter has been the successful debottlenecking at  our bio-based 
chemicals unit, enabling us to expand 1,3 butylene glycol production capacity from 120 tons per 
month to 200 tons per month at full utilization. This expansion reinforces a strategic focus on 
high-value bio-based chemical segments, and we will be further debottlenecking other chemical 
capacities in the coming quarters to meet rising market demand. 
Another key highlight for this quarter is an exclusive India license agreement with Catalyxx 
Incorporated for the conversion of ethanol into biobutanol and other higher alcohols. This 
agreement enables us to convert up to 30,000 metric tons per annum of ethanol. Godavari will 
be, in the first phase, constructing and operating a state-of-the-art facility to design to produce 
15,000 metric tons of biobutanol and higher alcohols annually, marking a significant milestone 
in the company's commitment to decarbonization and sustainability. 
Our distillery division performed strongly, contributing to 39% of revenue in Q3 FY25. Driven 
by the government's decision to resume full-scale ethanol blending, with strong market traction 
anticipated, we are further strengthening the segment through our investment in a new dual-feed 
200 kiloliters per day corn/grain fungible with our sugarcane based distillery. This facility will 
not only significantly enhance our long-term ethanol production capacity, but will also be 
designed as a dual-feed fungible unit, allowing for greater flexibility and efficiency in production 
and simultaneously mitigate climate and policy risks. This quarter, we encountered headwinds, 
including a reduced sugar release quota and a delayed commencement of sugarcane crushing, 
due to directives from thse Karnataka government for improving sugar recovery. 
In January 25, the government has allowed a million-ton export of sugar from India. This has 
improved sugar prices and will help the industry that was facing pricing pressures in the last 
quarter in the sugar sector. Amidst these challenges, revenue from operations grew at 12% year-
on-year to approximately Rs. 447 crores in Q3 FY25, compared to Rs. 398 crores in Q3 FY24. 
EBITDA stood at approximately Rs. 40 crores with a margin of around 9% for the PAT stood at 
roughly Rs. 6 crores for the quarter. 
With the debottlenecking of chemical capacity, licensing of a technology to make more bio-
based chemicals, placing an order for corn/grain-based ethanol plant and paying down of our 
debt, we are well on the path of driving efficiencies, optimizing costs and ensuring long-term 
sustainable growth. 
I would now hand over the call to Mr. Ashish Sinha to discuss financial performance. 
Ashish Sinha: 
Thank you sir. Good afternoon, everyone. 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
We are pleased to report revenue from operation of Rs. 447 crores for Q3 of FY25, reflecting a 
12% year-on-year growth. For the 9-month period of FY25, revenue stood at approximately Rs. 
1291 crores, making a 20% increase over the previous year. EBITDA for the quarter 3 of FY25 
was Rs. 39.6 crores with the margin of approximately 9% while the 9 months EBITDA stood at 
negative Rs. 1 crore. PAT of the quarter was Rs. 5.8 crore, and for the 9 months period, it stood 
at negative Rs. 95 crore, with a PAT margin of 1.3% for the quarter. 
This quarter, the sugar  factories in North Karnataka  were asked to start the season in mid-
November. This delay start to the sugar cane crushing season impacted our financial 
performance for the quarter. However, we remain resilient and forward looking. The 
debottlenecking of chemicals along with planned future investments in biobased chemicals and 
ethanol positions us strongly for sustainable growth. It is important to note that some of our 
business segments are seasonal in nature leading to quarterly variations in performance. As such, 
the financial results for this quarter may not be fully indicative for our annual performance. 
On a positive note, we have significantly reduced our debt by utilizing  proceeds from our IPO. 
This strategic deleveraging aligns with our vision of enhancing free cash flow, strengthening our 
balance sheet and enabling future investments in energy and biobased chemicals. 
We remain committed to long-term value creation and are confident in our ability to deliver 
stronger performance in the coming quarters. Thank you. 
So we can open the floor for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone phone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are requested to use handsets 
while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. Again, if you wish to register for a question, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’. Our first 
question comes from the line of Prathamesh Sawant from Mirae Asset Capital Markets. Please 
go ahead. 
. 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
Okay, so what percentage of our distillery capacity is grain based and what percent is sugar 
molasses based? So given that we are seeing FRP increase for 2 consecutive years and a 
relatively lower increase on the C-heavy prices of ethanol, just wanted to understand your impact 
on the distillery business margins. 
Samir Somaiya: 
So thank you for that question, Prathamesh. Currently, our distillery capacity is 570 kiloliters 
per day, entirely based on feedstock coming from sugarcane which is sugarcane juice during the 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
season and B molasses in the off season. We have placed an order for 200 KL per day of grain. 
That we are targeting for commissioning from Q4 of the coming financial year which is H2 
FY26. So that hopefully answers your question on the capacities. The second question is the 
effect of the increase in FRP vis-à-vis, in fact as far as sugarcane juice or B molasses is 
concerned, the prices have remained the same. The industry is requesting the government to look 
at increasing the prices of ethanol derived from sugarcane juice and from B heavy molasses in 
line with the increases of the FRP made. But repeating the point, the reason we are investing in 
a maize/grain-based facility is to a) participate greater in the market of the ethanol blending 
program and also provide ourselves an additional feedstock to mitigate against climate and 
policy risks. 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
That I got it, but sir the overall vis-à-vis last year, do you think what kind of a, if you can quantify 
what will be the negative impact on the margins with no revision on this? Also because since 
production this year has also been lower, so we will see lower amount of sugar diverted towards 
ethanol, so probably will be seeing lower capacity utilization for the distillery factories. Overall, 
what do you see the negative impact on margins for this business? 
Samir Somaiya: 
So I would like to answer your question in two ways. The first is last year, that is in FY24, the 
government had suspended the ethanol blending program from sugarcane juice that affected our 
overall capacity utilization of the facility, both in terms of sugarcane crushing and as well ethanol 
production. This year, the government has restored the program of blending from sugarcane 
juice. So as far as Godavari is concerned, we are going to see better   capacity utilisation on a 
daily basis of the production of sugarcane as well as the ethanol produced at our facility. So, 
although an increase in sugarcane prices and not a corresponding increase in ethanol so produced 
is going to affect margins, the overall benefit of producing sugarcane ethanol in a higher manner 
is going to compensate for the same. So I am talking generally not with exact numbers. 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The next question comes 
from V Rangan, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
V Rangan: 
Good afternoon, sir. I saw the results, but I am not happy with the results in the sense that your 
issue was about 373 or 62  and the market has punished you. With all the public issues that are 
above the mark and our company, I feel that the promoters have taken nothing left on the table 
for the investors. And that is what I see. As I see that, as a nine months turnover, it was Rs. 1,075 
crores last year. This year, more than Rs. 1,298 crores. But still, your profit actually Rs. 78 
crores, and it has gone to Rs. 97 crores. And you have paid about Rs. 306 crores, actually, as a 
loan. And what is it going to be the, when you all complete all the expansions as of today, I think 
there is no point in going for expansion like that. This is what I feel. And how much megawatt 
is there for with us? And what is the installed capacity of the sugar plant, everything? And what 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
is the current price of ethanol? I mean, what the government is giving? And when it will be going 
to be a turnaround, actually, in the next two years, it will take? And the interest is also as a 
percentage is very high. So please answer all these questions. Thanks. 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you for the question. I would like to, if you are asking when is the turnaround going to 
happen? Is that the question? 
V Rangan: 
Yes. 
Samir Somaiya: 
I would like to say with the IPO, the turnaround is happening as we speak. In the last quarter, 
the IPO was done and the term debt was reduced by about Rs. 240 crores. The reduction in 
interest and principal repayments will happen from this current quarter onwards. The second 
point is that right after the IPO, we  speeded up the investments in de-bottlenecking of our bio-
based chemical capacity. We have just late last month announced the debottlenecking of 1,3-
butylene glycol that has happened and in the next coming quarters, we will see further de-
bottlenecking of bio-based chemicals which will reflect an improvement in the EBITDA of the 
segment as we keep coming in the coming quarters. As far as the business of the sugar ethanol 
segment is, we are a seasonal business and because of the delay in starting of our season as 
recommended by the government of Karnataka, we could not start the season as planned. We 
will see performance in our sector, quarterly performance changes depending on the season in 
which we operate. So you will see performance also changing by quarter, particularly in Q4 of 
any financial year, we do see the numbers reflecting the greater seasonality in terms of our 
operations. With the investment of grain/corn based facility that we are now investing in, you 
will also see that our ethanol business will work with a multi-feedstock, dual feedstock to 
mitigate climate risk. So all this, we are making a transition into participating greater in the 
ethanol blending program of the government of India. We are working towards a multi-feedstock 
system and also increasing capacity of grain and also  biobased chemicals. I would request you 
to look at us as  we transition in this business and you will see the performance as we go forward. 
V. Rangan: 
So, the capacity of sugar and the ethanol plant and megawatt, how much megawatt. is it self-
sufficient to how much? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Rangan, may we request you to return to the question queue for follow-
up questions please. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sakshi Trivedi from 
S&K Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sakshi Trivedi: 
Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. Firstly, how are your three R&D 
centers contributing to the future innovation? And are there any new bio-based chemical 
products in the pipeline? And my second question would be, can you provide an update on the 
current production capacities for ethanol and sugar? Additionally, what is the company's total 
gross block as of today and how much further capitalization is planned on? 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Samir Somaiya: 
So our R&D facilities, thank you, Sakshi, for the question. We are innovation-led biorefining 
company. We have more than 50 scientists working across our three R&D centers, working for 
a pipeline of products and co-creating solutions for customers as the world tries to move towards 
a lower carbon footprint. The main research that we do is done in our R&D facility near Mumbai 
and then we do greater research for our products when we do at slightly larger scale or pilot scale 
both in our facilities in Maharashtra and Karnataka. Our strategy is to look at creating bio-based 
chemicals which are specialty in nature, which are derived either from ethanol or from the 
sugarcane bagasse-based  and that's what we are creating a pipeline of development and products 
as we go forward. So that answers part A of your first question. Go to part B of your first 
question. What are the possibilities that we are looking to do? We have just de-bottlenecked one 
of our products, 1,3-butylene glycol in late January. In the next coming quarter, we will continue 
to de-bottleneck the capacities of our other existing specialty chemicals and you will see the 
performance of that as the quarters come on. That's the second part. In terms of our large new 
capacity being created, we have signed an agreement with a US firm, Catalyxx Incorporated, for 
investing in a biobutanol facility and higher alcohols which we will plan to commission in Q2 
of Financial Year ‘27. That's your second part of your first question. Your second question was 
what is the gross block? It is Rs. 1,245 crores and are we looking to invest more? We are looking 
to invest in the dual feed corn/grain based facility of 200 kiloliters per day which is targeted to 
commission in H2 of FY26 and to be more specific Q4. 
Sakshi Trivedi: 
Okay sir, like you have answered all the questions very well. I have a follow up. On the financial 
side, could you share details on the company's total borrowing and the expected interest expense 
going forward? 
Samir Somaiya: 
What's the second question? Interest going forward? 
Sakshi Trivedi: 
Yes. Interest expense going forward. 
Ashish Sinha: 
In terms of the debt, so as at December 24, the debt stands at Rs. 405 crores. Now in terms of 
interest cost, so from the IPO proceeds, we have made a prepayment of Rs. 240 crores. So that 
will lead to the interest saving to the extent of Rs. 24 crores. Along with that, our external credit 
rating has been improved. So earlier it was BBB stable and it improved to BBB plus. So we are 
expecting and requesting the banks to reduce the interest cost further. In addition to that, we are 
taking an interest subvention loan of the dual-feed project grain-based ethanol to the extent of 
Rs. 119 crores at a rate of 5.4% approximately. So that will add to the cost. So, overall  this will 
of course lead to the saving in the interest cost. 
Sakshi Trivedi: 
Okay sir. One last question from my side. It's related to your CAPEX plans. So can you give 
more insight about those and like what are the key areas of investment and how do you see these 
contributing to the growth and operational efficiencies? 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Samir Somaiya: 
So three aspects, Sakshi. Our aim is to do our investments and transition our business into the 
ethanol program as well as the bio-based chemicals program. These are the two things. Ashish 
has just explained that we will be investing in creating a corn/grain based facility to increase our 
participation in that program and also mitigate against climate and policy risk. So that's one. The 
second one is that we have licensed the technology and if I am repeating myself, please hear me 
out, that is to make biobutanol and higher alcohols which will be targeted for commissioning in 
Q2 FY27. The other investments that we'll do are de-bottlenecking in existing bio-based 
specialty chemical capacity where we are seeing a stronger demand going forward. 
Sakshi Trivedi: 
Thank you so much sir. Sorry for the repetition. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, if you wish to register for a question, please press 
‘*’ and ‘1’ on your touchtone phone. Our next question comes from Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Yes, sir. Thank you so much for the chance. Sir, first question was on the biobutanol technology. 
So, what is the CAPEX that will be required for the 15,000 ton plant? And if you can probably 
share some thoughts on the market for this product, how is it currently, how it can  scale, and 
how the technology gives you a differentiating edge in terms of entering this market? 
Samir Somaiya: 
So thank you for the question,  Dhruv. We have just licensed the technology from Catalyxx 
Incorporated. Our engineering teams are currently working with each other to get an accurate 
estimation of the plan. I would like to answer that question probably in the next meeting when 
we will have a much better estimate of that cost. The second question that you said is what is the 
market for this product? The market for this product is there are many companies globally which 
have articulated a path towards  net zero. Butanol as such is a large molecule that is being 
consumed world over. The biobutanol is interested to these customers primarily because it helps 
them go towards their path to net zero. So this is the opportunity we see. We are working and 
talking to customers in Europe and all over the world and they have already articulated a desire 
to buy the products that we will make. To make sure that the risk is properly managed, we are 
planning to implement in phases. We will first implement this at 15,000 tons, which is a 
combination of biobutanol and higher alcohol, which we are confident of selling and then after 
we do that, we will look to expand to 30,000 tons. The technology itself, biobutanol is made 
with various technologies. We have done an assessment of this technology and found this to be 
the best technology currently of biobutanol that we found and it is because of its cost leadership 
of the technology in the field of biobutanol that we have chosen. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
This is helpful. Probably we will understand more as it evolves. So the second question is on the 
ethyl acetate market. How is the market currently and near term how do you see it evolving? 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you again for that question. Our view on ethyl acetate is that it is a commodity chemical. 
Our strategy going forward is to increase our business in biobased specialty chemicals. So we 
will basically maintain our position in ethyl acetate. There is separately a segment of full 
biobased ethyl acetate where acetic acid and ethanol are both green. Ethanol anyway is green. 
So we will look forward to growing this business. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Just from the spreads perspective for this quarter, how are they and are there any improvements 
you're seeing in the current quarter? 
Samir Somaiya: 
For which product? 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
For ethyl acetate. 
Samir Somaiya: 
Ethyl acetate, we are seeing that the spreads remain same. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay, broadly similar QoQ, YoY basis.  
Samir Somaiya:                     That's right.  
Dhruv Muchhal:                    Sure sir, thank you and all the best. Thanks. 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Sahil Vora from M&S Associates. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Vora: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions. So firstly, can you 
elaborate on the impact of the reduced sugar-release quota on your revenue and profitability? 
How do you expect this to play out in the coming quarters? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you, Sahil for that question. I think the reduced sugar quota for the quarter has resulted 
in lower sugar sales for the quarter and therefore it would mean a lower cash flow for that quarter 
leading to an increase in inventory compared to what we would have anticipated. The release of 
the sugar export quota by the Government of India by 1 million tons has actually improved the 
market sentiment which was under pricing pressure of sugar in the last quarter. in that sense 
since the pricing pressure has gone down, we would be selling the sugar that we would not have 
sold in the last quarter in the coming quarters at prices that would be similar to or better than 
they were in the last quarter. 
 Sahil Vora: 
And why was crushing delayed in the quarter? If you could please. 
Samir Somaiya: 
That was the recommendation by the government of Karnataka. And the recommendation was 
based on anticipating that the recovery of sugar would be better if the season started later. And 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
therefore, so there was a recommendation or advice from the government of Karnataka to start 
in mid November and we did so and our recoveries are better than they were in the previous 
season. 
 Sahil Vora: 
Okay, understood. Sir my next question is, how is the ongoing sugarcane crushing season 
processing? And what key trends are you observing in terms of yield, recovery rates and the 
overall  production? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you again for that question. So currently, our sugarcane crushing is going strong. We are 
seeing and the recovery is better than the corresponding period of last year. So this is a question 
on the current scenario. We are also seeing lower yields of sugarcane as we harvest the cane 
right now and the effect of what that would do on overall crushing will be more possible to see 
in March, to see what is the effect of the lower yields as we go forward. 
 Sahil Vora: 
And how do you see this impacting your sugar segments performance in the coming quarter? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Overall, you are talking of the current quarter, you mean this Q4? 
 Sahil Vora: 
Yes. 
Samir Somaiya: 
I think the Q4 normally for us is a strong quarter. The effect of lower yields will have to be seen 
in terms of what happens on the ground and that will be better told when we see it in March what 
is happening. It would be too early to predict right now. 
 Sahil Vora: 
Okay, fair enough. And how significant is the exclusive agreement with Catalyxx Incorporated? 
And what is the expected revenue contribution from this initiative? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you again for that question. The exclusivity is for manufacturing in India. I want to just 
specify that. It is very good because India is one of the places where the biobased industry is 
strong and we look at India as a base to which we can sell globally, for which we have global 
rights. The revenue expected at 100% capacity utilization would be in the order of Rs. 250 crores, 
which we will probably hope to achieve in the second year of operation. 
 Sahil Vora: 
Okay, got it. So if I can ask one more question, I just have one last question. In the last quarter, 
you highlighted strong demand in sectors like fragrances with products like 1,3-butylene glycol 
and ethyl vinyl ether. Which other segments within biobased chemicals are expected to see 
strong demand and what initiatives are in place to further expand this segment given that there 
are hardly any regulatory challenges for the same? 
Samir Somaiya: 
So thank you again for that question. We are seeing strong demand across the sector in biobased 
chemicals and that is the reason we have debottlenecked 1,3- butylene glycol itself right now. 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
And we are doing the same with debottlenecking other places where we are seeing strong 
demand, but we are generally seeing an increased demand across this space. 
 Sahil Vora: 
Okay sir, thank you so much for the detailed responses and all the very best. That's it from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, if you wish to register for a question, please press 
‘*’ and ‘1’. The next question comes from Pratik Tholiya from Systematix, please go ahead. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to know what is the export quota that you have 
been allotted? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Our export quota out of the 1 million tons is about 5,400 tons. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
5,400 tons. 
Samir Somaiya: 
That's right. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Okay, and sir, are we going to export it or are we going to trade it for a domestic quota? 
Samir Somaiya: 
We will export the same. And we have already contracted and some of it is already being sold. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
And sir, at what price have we contracted? 
Samir Somaiya: 
At better than local prices is what I would say. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
And some currency deprecation also here will help right? 
Samir Somaiya: 
That's right. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
And just globally, how is the situation with global sugar prices? If you could just throw some 
light on how Brazil is performing right now and where do you see the global prices trending? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you for the question, but I am not exactly, I think the global markets are very volatile and 
climate related issues and geopolitical issues often have an influence on global commodity 
prices. So I would not like to comment on where the market is headed based on these reasons. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Okay, sure sir. Thanks. That's it from my side. Thanks and wish you all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Devang Mehra from SKB Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Devang Mehra: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So I have a couple of questions. So which segment do you 
expect to overtake other in terms of revenue contribution? And how do you see the overall 
revenue breakup evolving over the next 5 years? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you for that question, Devang. With the debottlenecking of chemicals, the licensing of 
biobutanol and higher alcohol, we clearly see the bio-based chemical business growing. 
Similarly, with the investment in a maize/grain-based distillation facility, we see the ethanol 
sector also growing. In the immediate future, which is FY26, we will see the ethanol business 
take a larger place, FY26, FY27. With the investments of debottlenecking chemicals as well as 
in the biobutanol licensing facilities, we will start seeing that business also growing from, starts 
with FY26 itself and continuing to grow FY27 and onwards. Sugar, making of sugar, we 
considering right now to see primarily as static. So both the businesses of biobased chemicals 
and in ethanol we will grow immediately, ethanol will grow and then chemicals will also grow 
alongside. 
Devang Mehra: 
Okay sir, got it. So I just want to understand which segment contribute to exports and what is 
the company's strategic focus for exports going forward? Additionally, any updates on 
government consideration of allowing limited export of specialty sugar and its potential impact 
on our business? 
Samir Somaiya: 
 See in exports our strategic option is to work and co-create solutions with customers in various 
end-use segments such as fragrances, such as skin care, such as coatings, such as adhesives 
across the board. So that is the strategic direction our bio-based chemicals will go. I would also 
like to add that India is also growing well and from being the fifth largest economy in the world, 
it will soon become the third largest economy in the world by the turn of the decade. So we are 
also seeing good growth in these sectors in the country. So our objective there is to create 
solutions from bio-based chemical solutions which are required by Indian and global customers 
in their path towards the lower carbon footprint. When it comes to sugar, it depends on 
government policy which is reflected on the government looking at the availability of sugar in 
India, availability of sugar to meet the ethanol blending program and then make available sugar 
for export. So as the government will open a window for export, we will at that time participate 
in that as we always have been. Strategically, bio-based chemicals and ethanol for sugar, when 
the government policy allows after meeting the needs of the nation. 
Devang Mehra: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And sir my next question is like our debt has been reduced from Rs. 650 crore 
to Rs. 450 crore. So what would be our like target debt level and do you see like any further 
deleveraging going forward? 
Samir Somaiya: 
So Ashish had specified earlier that we have reduced our debt using the IPO proceeds and debt 
has been reduced by Rs. 240 crores. We will borrow more money under the interest subvention 
scheme to put together our grain based ethanol facility. And so that's there and there will be a 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
normal principal repayment of existing debt that will have a balance of other debt coming down. 
So it will be a combination of new borrowing for the ethanol program what we have already 
reduced by the proceeds of the IPO. That would be a normal principal repayment of the existing 
debt and combined with that any needs of working capital that may come along. 
Devang Mehra: 
Okay sir, got it. And sir my last question would be like.. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. The line for the current participant has dropped from the queue. We will move 
onto the next question. Next question comes from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC AMC, 
please go ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Yeah, thanks for the follow up. Sir, just a question on for the three months, for the quarter and 
for the nine months, if you can split the volume growth in the bio segment between ethyl acetate 
and ex ethyl acetate? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Sorry, I did not hear your question. Can you brief on the volume growth? 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
For the biochemical segment between the ethyl acetate and non-ethyl acetate for the third quarter 
and for the ninth? 
Ashish sinha: 
So against the total revenue of… 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
If volumes is possible because the revenue can have a lot of raw material price fluctuation also. 
Ashish Sinha: 
On the volume side, I will get back to you on that. For the revenue side, so for the three months, 
the revenue from the ethyl acetate is to the extent of 60 crores and the balance is our specialty 
biobased chemicals. And for the 9 months, it is approximately 180 crores of ethyl acetate. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And this is same for last year was? 
Ashish Sinha: 
So the last year is to the extent of 230-240 crores near about for ethyl acetate. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
For 9 months? 
Ashish Sinha: 
For 9 months? 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And for the quarter? 
Ashish Sinha: 
For the quarter, I will have to get back to you. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Thank you so much. 

 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we'll take that as a last question. On 
behalf of Orient Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may 
now disconnect your lines. 
