                     
 
                                                 
 
MFSL/SEC/EQ/2025/15  
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 February 04, 2025 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
To, 
General Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 540749 
Trading Symbol: MASFIN 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub.:   Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated) for the third quarter and nine months ended on December 31, 2024. 
 
We wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of conference call held on January 30, 2025 with respect to 
Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for the third quarter and nine months 
ended on December 31, 2024, is available on the Company’s website at the link: https://mas.co.in/Conference-Call-
Transcripts.aspx 
  
Please find enclosed the transcript for reference. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
FOR, MAS FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
RIDDHI BHAYANI 
COMPANY SECRETARY & CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MEM NO: A41206 
 
Encl.: as above 
RIDDHI 
BHAVESHBHAI 
BHAYANI
Digitally signed by RIDDHI 
BHAVESHBHAI BHAYANI 
Date: 2025.02.04 19:07:38 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“MAS Financial Services Limited Q3 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on January 30, 2025, will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMLESH GANDHI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
MS. DARSHANA PANDYA – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. DHVANIL GANDHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. ANKIT JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KAITAV SHAH – ANAND RATHI SHARE AND STOCK 
BROKERS LIMITED 
MR. AKSHAT MANIAR – ANAND RATHI SHARE AND 
STOCK BROKERS LIMITED 

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
MAS Financial Services Limited hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kaitav Shah from Anand Rathi Equities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Kaitav Shah: 
Thank you, Moderator. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equities, it is my pleasure to welcome you all to the Q3 Earnings Conference Call of MAS 
Financial Services.  
 
It is our privilege to have hosted Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi – Chairman and Managing Director, Mrs. 
Darshana Pandya – Director and CEO, Mr. Dhvanil Gandhi – Executive Director, Mr. Ankit 
Jain – CFO, MAS Financial Services Limited along with other top members of the Senior 
Management Team. 
 
Without further ado, I now invite Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi –CMD, to share his “Opening Remarks”, 
post which we will open this floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir.  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Thank you, Kaitav. And good afternoon to all of you. I am very happy to connect with all of you 
once again to review the Quarter 3 performance for the Financial Year '24-'25.  
 
I think all of you must have gone through the results. And just to give you the overview while 
my colleagues will share the numbers in detail. We know that we were going through 
challenging times and despite of that, as demonstrated over the last more than 25 years, next 
year we will be completing 30 years now. We have demonstrated a very robust financial 
performance.  
To start with the AUM on a consolidated basis, we are close to 21.17% in AUM growth, around 
25% in profitability on consolidated basis, very importantly, while maintaining the quality of 
assets. We have seen some very negligible upticks, but that is quite understandable looking at 
the overall situation going on in the market, but happy to share with you that consistent to our 
belief and our endeavors of prioritizing risk management and profitability over just the numbers. 
And last time I shared with all of you that we might register a couple of percentage low growth, 
but that will be in favor of good quality and profitability. And happy to share that with the 
endeavors of the entire team, we could achieve the strategic intent for this quarter.  
 
If I talk to you briefly, starting from assets, then taking you to liability operations and our 
distribution.  

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
On the asset side, we continue to focus on MSME along with wheels and SPL. So, this is our 
endeavor in line with being a diversified asset Company. So, if you see that the contribution of 
wheels and PL is gradually increasing in the overall pie, and that is in alignment with our 
strategic intent. But still we continue to be majorly driven by our MSME portfolio where 
currently close to 77% of our portfolio contribution is from MSME with SME growing at a faster 
pace compared to our MEL portfolio. And that is as per the strategic intent designed by the 
Company and shared with all of you from time to time.  
 
On the liability side, we are well capitalized with a capital adequacy of around 25%. As all of 
you know that we had raised QIP in June last year, which was our preparation for our next phase 
of growth from 10,000 to 20,000 crores, we are currently at close to 12,300 crores, and the way 
we are going, we see no reason that within the stipulated time period between three to four years 
why we should not be at 20,000 crores, and we are well capitalized up till that level.  
 
We continue to attract debt as per the requirement. The challenge obviously for the entire 
economy is the rate of interest, but anyhow we were in a position to maintain the rates during 
this quarter while the endeavor and the bucket list is that how we can see a reduction in interest 
rates sooner than later.  
 
On the distribution front, we continue to increase our direct distribution with around 200 
branches, as I talked to you, and more than 14,000 pin codes we cater to, to over 200 branches, 
which works within the periphery of around 40 to 60 kilometers, depending upon the product, 
being served by a strong feet-on street with enabling hierarchy to help and monitor them and 
with enabling technology.  
 
I am happy to share with you that our LOS for all products is at place. And the sandbox for BRE 
is also almost over. And by March we should be in a position to launch BRE-enabled LOS, 
which will further increase operational efficiencies, and which will add to better risk 
management going forward.  
 
We continue to work with our NBFC partners. That will be 15 years old model now. We work 
across products. And the advantage what we get is deeper penetration, shielding the Company 
from unfavorable events like this which we are going through, because it is originated and 
guaranteed by the partners to an extent. So, it shields us from the cyclical shocks that the 
portfolio may suffer from time to time. So that has been a very satisfying and a very rewarding 
product as far as we are concerned on the asset side and on the distribution,we continue to 
strengthen that also.  
 
On the operations, as I shared with you, technology plays a very important role. We have an in-
house team, which is more than 100 now, and we are expanding our team there also. The 
ambition is that we don't only satisfy the needs across verticals, but we are ahead in giving them 
few things which are very important and necessary for them for their operational efficiencies 

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
and better risk management. So, that endeavor is at place, and we are very confident that will 
yield better results in the coming quarters.  
 
On the HR front, including our Housing Finance subsidiary, we are a strong team of 4,000. And 
we have a very strong second line and a middle line, which can take the strategic intent of the 
Company forward from time to time, as demonstrated over the last more than 2.5 decades. And 
we have a good leadership pipeline also. While we have a very minimum attrition, we have a 
very good leadership pipeline for anybody to take over in case of any need, and that is the result 
of our constant endeavor on those lines, on building good leadership lines. So, that was on the 
HR front.  
 
On the ground level, let me share with you that the situation is improving but still remains 
challenging. As a lender, we need to be more cautious and more circumspect. And why 
circumspect only during this time? Over the last 30 years, I have seen that the moment the lender 
is a little relaxed or is not circumspect, they have to bear the consequences. So, remaining 
circumspect and extending credit where it is due is the way of life for any lending institute if you 
want to have a sustained and a consistent quality growth. We continue to believe in that.  
 
We will continue with the same fundamentals going forward and have demonstrated and are 
confident that our stated objective of attaining anywhere between 20% to 25% of growth without 
compromising on the quality of assets and profitability across cycles will stand true and will 
hold its ground for the coming years.  
 
So, with this confidence, I would like to hand over this to Darshana Ben, who will take you 
through the detailed numbers. You can be brief because the numbers are already shared, 
followed by Ankit on the commentary on liability management.  
 
Before I hand over, I would like to focus on two other things: 
One is our housing finance subsidiary. There we grew at a very strong growth of 29%. We 
crossed the 700 crores mark there in our housing finance subsidiary with an asset quality of less 
than 1% of net Stage-3 assets well provided for including a buffer provision also.  
 
There also we continue to pursue the same fundamentals of managing and prioritizing risk 
management profitability over just growth. And we see that Company also registering a strong 
growth anywhere between 25% to 30% going forward depending upon the situation and the 
opportunity we get from time to time. And within the next couple of years, we see housing 
finance subsidiary to be a value creator for the parent too.  
 
In consonance to our policy of the dividend, we are declaring a dividend of 10% on the face 
value that amounts to Rs. 1 per share, taking into account the profitability for the nine months. 
So, usually, we decide an interim dividend in December once we get the direction and the sight 

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
of the year, profitability for the whole year. So, that will benefit the shareholders to that extent. 
And we have been a dividend paying Company since inception.  
 
So, I would like to hand over now to Darshana Ben to take you through the basic numbers and 
then to Ankit, and then we will switch on to Q&A.  
Darshana Pandya: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. If we look at the numbers on a consolidated basis, so 
we have crossed the 12,000 crores mark this quarter. So, on a consolidated basis, our AUM 
stands at 12,379 crore as compared to 10,216 crore in the corresponding period. That is a growth 
of 21.17%. And if you look at the PAT on a consolidated basis, it is 80.40 crores as compared 
to 64.41 crore, which is around 25% growth in PAT.  
 
If we look at the standalone numbers, our AUM grew by 21% from 9,672 crore to 11,667 crore. 
Our total income grew by 21% from 322 crore to 390 crore. Profit before tax, there is an increase 
of 24.36% from 85 crore to 105 crore. PAT has increased by 25% from 62 crore to 78 crore.  
And if you look at the 9-month number, total income has increased by 23% from 898 crore to 
1,103 crore. Profit before tax grew by 25.48% from 240 crore to 302 crore, and PAT has 
increased by 25% from 180 crore to 225 crore.  
 
If you look at the configuration of the AUM, Microenterprise Loan is now 4,705 crores from 
4,345 crores, which is 8.28% growth in MEL loan book. SME loan book has increased by 24% 
from 3,450 crores to 4,273 crores. Two-wheelers, there is a growth of around 21% from 671 
crore to 809 crore. Commercial vehicle growth is of 47% from 662 crore to 969 crore now. 
Salaried personal loan, there is a growth of 69% from 544 crore to 922 crore.  
 
As Kamlesh Sir has shared, we have maintained the quality of the portfolio. So, our Gross Stage-
3 asset is 2.41% as compared to 2.36% in September quarter. And the Net Stage-3 asset is 1.62% 
as compared to 1.57% in the September quarter. So, this is without letting off the around 18 
crore of management overlay.  
 
Now coming to our Housing performance: 
Here our AUM growth is of 29% from 544 crore to 701 crore. Total income is increased by 24% 
from 16 crore to 20 crore. Profit before tax has increased by 21% from 2.47 crore to 2.98 crore. 
Profit after tax has increased by 19% from 2 crore to 2 crore 39 lakhs. And for 9 months there is 
a growth of 31% in terms of total income from 45 crore to 59 crore. PBT has increased by around 
27% from 7 crore to 9 crore and profit after tax has increased by 26% from 5 crore 50 lakhs to 
6 crore 93 lakhs.  
 
Here also we could maintain the quality of the portfolio. So, Gross Stage-3 asset is 0.96% as 
compared to 0.93% in September quarter and Net Stage-3 asset is 0.70% as compared to 0.68%.  

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
So, this was about the performance for both the companies. Now I will request Ankit to give us 
a brief about liability management.  
Ankit Jain: 
Thank you, ma'am. Good afternoon to all. With respect to liability management, in the December 
quarter, we were able to maintain the average cash and cash equivalents of around Rs. 850 crore 
along with unutilized cash credit facility of around 300 crore.  
 
In addition, we have sanctions on hand to a tune of 3,000 crore in the form of term loan, direct 
assignment, co-lending and other instruments.  
In December quarter, we did around 625 crores direct assignment transaction and co-lending. 
We further have around 2,100 crore sanctions on hand which will be utilized in the coming 
quarters. As a strategy, we aim to maintain around 20% to 25% of the AUM as out book through 
direct assignment and co-lending transactions.  
 
The Company has available cash credit facility of around 1,500 crores, out of which utilization 
remains at 70% to 75% and rest is kept as a liquidity buffer.  
 
In the December quarter, we raised around 675 crore through term loan with an average maturity 
of 3 to 5 years. We further have sanctions on hand of 800 crore, which will be utilized in the 
coming quarters. Further, in terms of NCD, we raised around 375 crores during the quarter.  
 
As a strategy, we are very strongly placed in respect to structural liquidity of the period ended 
31st December where the liquidity is adequate and the cash flow in all the cumulative bucket is 
positive.  
 
In terms of capital, we remain strong at 25.34% with Tier-1 capital of 23.13% and great room to 
raise Tier-2 capital as and when required. Debt equity stands at 3.22x in the current quarter.  
The cost of borrowing for the quarter was 9.84% vis-à-vis if you compare it from last year, the 
same quarter was 9.86%. So, the cost of borrowing has remained stable, and we expect it to 
remain stable going forward too.  
 
So, this is on capital and liability management, and now we open for Q&A round. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask 
the question may press star and one on their touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets 
while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thank you so much, and good afternoon, everyone. Kamlesh Sir, I just wanted to understand, I 
mean, this quarter almost every lending institution has acknowledged this tough macroeconomic 
environment which you also acknowledge in your opening remarks. I am just trying to 
understand of all these four to five key products that we are in, which are those product segments, 
which are those customer segments, or geographies where we are seeing things to be a little 
tough? That is the first thing that I wanted to understand.  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
See, as we all know, Micro-Enterprise Loans where the borrowers are over-leveraged or are 
vulnerable to the slowdown, they are the ones where we are more circumspect and we find little 
more difficulty in maintaining the quality according to our standards, while overall we have 
maintained it. And that's why you must have seen that that portfolio has been grown in a very 
cautious manner by only 8% this quarter, followed by SME and two-wheeler and wheels have 
not seen that pressure.  
 
And as far as our SPL portfolio is concerned, it is a 100% well assessment. And we are very 
strict in our assessment in our SPL also. So, if you are saying that this quarter we got a good 
opportunity to build that book, obviously within the overall limit of not exceeding 10%.  
 
So, overall, to summarize, MEL, the micro enterprise loans, the small business class 
entrepreneurs are the ones which are facing more problems at the ground level.  
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. Sir, is the problem just pronounced only in the small business entrepreneur, which is our 
MEL portfolio? Or are we seeing that some of these problems are also spilling over to the SME 
portfolio, where the ticket sizes are higher? We are talking about slightly larger enterprises. And 
for the related question, I mean, again, because we are there in CVs as well, I mean, vehicle 
financiers who reported until now have talked about some delinquencies inching up in 
particularly the used CV segment, I would say. So, what are we seeing in our SME and CV 
portfolio?  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
So, as you know, the stress is across. When I am talking about this, MEL is relatively higher 
stress as compared to other products. But as far as other products are concerned, we have more 
room for adequate assessment.  
 
Say, for example, in SME, we have more room for adequate assessment in terms of their GST, 
in terms of banking. But still that portfolio also is seeing some stress in some pockets as 
compared to what we would have anticipated. But there the silver lining as I shared with you is 
that we can have proper guardrails at place through proper assessment because we have got 
better documentation there.  
 
And on the asset-backed front, our commercial vehicle portfolio is still very small to experience 
any such type of large amount of stress. But since we are rebuilding that portfolio and we want 
to have a good contribution from wheels portfolio, we are more circumspect there. But overall, 
the stress is across the sector, across the borrowers, but relatively MEL has more stress.  

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. Thank you. And sir, the second question that I had was on the liability side. Ankit said 
earlier that we have managed to keep our cost of borrowing stable in the quarter and we expect 
the same going forward as the stability and cost of borrowing should continue. So, just trying to 
understand given that, I mean, next month we will have again the MPC meeting and there are 
again expectations that there could be a rate cut. So, if you would just explain how are our asset 
side and the liability side positioned in case there is a rate cut in the coming months?  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
See, the rate cut, there is a time lag in transmission because majority of our liability is MCLR 
backed. So, we can get the advantage or a disadvantage, whatever the case may be, on the MCLR 
reset.  
 
So, if there is a rate cut, say in February, and followed by various dates of MCLR reset, we might 
get that advantage. And depending upon the market situation, the product, the competitive 
landscape and everything, if required, the same may be passed on to the borrowers if it really 
make some difference. Because the borrowers whom we sell, practically a rate reduction of 
0.25% or something like that really does not matter.  
 
And at times we build up some cushions if we get an advantage of whenever there is some rate 
cut. But eventually when there is a sustained rate cut, say for example from our 9.8% to it reduces 
to 9% over a sustained basis, that is where it starts trickling down to our borrowers also in terms 
of advantage.  
 
So, if the rate cut is there, there will be a lag defect, and it depends upon what amount of rate cut 
is done and what really has to be passed on to the borrowers.  
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got them. Just to follow up on that, sir. I mean, this was the liability side that you explained. On 
the asset side, I mean, most of it is on fixed rate.  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
So, they are fixed rate. Our tenure, average tenure is around 36 months. So, they are fixed rates.  
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. This is useful. Thank you so much for taking my questions, and I wish you and your team 
the very best. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for a very decent set of numbers in such a 
challenging environment. So, my first question was on, you know, in the past we have seen that 
whenever we have come across such challenging times, we have put some brakes on our growth 
in terms of AUM. So, given how the situation is looking like currently for FY '26 now, what 
kind of growth are we looking at then?  

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
We continue to maintain the guidance that we will grow anywhere between 20 to 25%. That is 
a strategic intent, but not a hard-hammered rule. If the situations are favorable, it can be on the 
upper end of the spectrum. We can grow even at 25 and sometimes at 26, 27. And if the situations 
are not favorable and where one needs to exercise more prudence, it can be anywhere between 
20, 21 as we have demonstrated right now.  
 
But overall, on a medium term, we don't take a quarter or a year within our calculations. We take 
a minimum of three to five years. So, once again, we are confident that we were 10,000 crores 
in March ‘24. We should be touching 20,000 crores by March ‘28. That guidance stands.  
Ankit Gupta: 
That is always good to know. Sir, one question on the salaried personal loan. You know, we 
have been reading about some stress developing on that side as well and other lenders have also 
been highlighting that on personal loans, there has been some stress developing. And even on 
credit cards we have seen the stress.  
 
But however, if you look at our growth, we almost grow at almost 69% in this quarter on a Y-o-
Y basis. So, can you highlight, you know, of course, we are due diligence and credit metrics are 
higher compared to other lenders, but you know, like what has been the reason for such a high 
growth despite challenging times across this segment as highlighted by other lenders?  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Given our distribution of 200 branches, almost 9 states and the base as far as the PL is concerned, 
I think 69% can be reckoned as one mathematical number, but if you say in absolute terms, the 
AUM does not increase that exponentially. That is one.  
 
Number second, we don't deviate from our fundamentals of discovering growth rather than just 
targeting growth. If we get an opportunity within our credit screens, within our understanding, 
within the parameters whereby we can maintain the asset quality, we would not mind allocating 
more capital there. And within overall strategic intent, if you say that we don't want to increase 
our salary personal loan for coming 2 to 3 years beyond 10% of our AUM.  
 
Now we will be sticking to our mandate of sticking being below 10%. And within that trajectory, 
whenever we get an opportunity, maybe on a year odd basis, on a quarter-to-quarter basis, and 
if we discover good growth at the ground level on a smaller base, as the case is right now with 
us, then that might contribute accordingly.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir, you did highlight about some challenges on the MEL side and of course, you know, 
microfinance companies have been going through a tough time over the past three to four 
quarters. Any views on, you know, when do you think this issue is expected to be stabilized and 
the industry is expected to if not return to growth point, but at least the delinquencies and all 
start seeing some stabilizations?  

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
I wish I'd known this. But just according to whatever data we have, and data is dynamic, you 
know. So, the data what we have and the information what we have, I think we still have another 
quarter or two before the industry can work normally.  
 
Because if you see classically, MFI loans are for 18 to 24 months, and when it is loans for 18 to 
24 months, we are already in practically 3rd Quarter or you can tell it second quarter of stress. 
So, another one or two quarters can see the industry stabilizing because the majority of the 
lenders have tightened their belts on the credit screen. They understood maybe at a high cost that 
we should extend credit where it is due.  
Ankit Gupta: 
And my last question was on the SME side. You know, any segment or any particular like loan 
size where we are seeing some stress here or the stress is across the segment?  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
So, we do our portfolio analysis from time to time and then discover a few of the sectors which 
we might for a quarter or two try to watch and then take further exposures. Maybe in our case 
currently we are more circumspect on textile and FMCG. Maybe that sector will go on changing 
as we go forward. But that is data driven and currently we see these two sectors being watched 
very closely.  
Ankit Gupta: 
And so, these are just the sectors, it is not across the SME sector that you are seeing challenges.  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
No. As per our data analysis, these are the two areas which are showing some abnormal 
pressures.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Aditya: 
Yes, hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, you mentioned that the environment is still 
challenging. So as an organization, what are we doing to navigate through this environment? So, 
have we tightened our FOIR ratios or any other risk parameters which would help us deliver 
better asset quality going forward?  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
See, as I told in my opening remark that as lender we have to be always cautious. And at MAS 
we believe with the risk of sounding contrary and not just managing the risk but to crush the risk 
as much as possible, that has been our policy. So, for us, we don't have to do anything much 
extraordinary because right from the inception we believe in working in a way whereby we can 
minimize risk.  
 
But having said that, when the environment is so vitiated, despite of all your efforts, you might 
see all your policies not working according to your plans. So, we do the data analysis. We take 

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
the ground level information and from time to time still tighten our credit screen, tighten our 
origination, put breaks on the businesses which we think we should not do for certain quarters.  
 
As I shared earlier, in SME we might be more circumspect on certain sectors like textiles and 
FMCG. Maybe in our two-wheeler or commercial vehicle business, we might be circumspect on 
certain branches and certain areas where we see early delinquencies. So, that is a continuous 
process. But we have been doing this all times. Maybe the situation is benign. We don't relax 
and extend credit very aggressively as demonstrated over all these years.  
Aditya: 
So, sir, would it be fair to say our rejection rate would have seen an increase from the normal 
past history? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Yes, it has increased substantially.  
Aditya: 
Understood, sir. And sir, if I look at your capital adequacy, so in June quarter it was around 28%, 
which has come down to 25% in the December quarter. So, this seems to be a sharp decrease in 
two quarters. So, while the loan growth has been good, but the capital consumption seems to be 
on the higher side. So, if you could explain what has led to this? Is it merely because of a higher 
growth in personal loans?  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Not really, because if you see higher growth in personal loan is hardly 8% of our total AUM. I 
think we can share those granulated data offline. But if you see our capital adequacy is much 
more than what is required, and we have increased the AUM from time to time, and there are 
internal accruals also. If you would like to add on, Ankit, something to this.  
Ankit Jain: 
So, what we have done is, because of the excess liquidity, because of the capital raise, what we 
have done is if you see our off book was 22% which is now 20% which we can always increase 
as per our requirement because we have a sanction on hand. So, strategically what we have done 
because of liquidity on hand, we have done off book lesser, and because of the higher on-book 
portfolio, it has resulted into a lower CAR. 
Aditya: 
Understood.  
Ankit Jain: 
But that will be managed going forward.  
Aditya: 
Okay, and now sir, as we increase our direct distribution, so how should we look at PCR? 
Because it is currently around 33%, so should this number increase going forward?  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Yes, because if the share of direct distribution is increasing and PCR, as you know that with the 
advent of ECL is 100% data driven based on the last 5 years performance of the portfolio. And 
we would see the PCR bearing according to the quality of the assets. And secondly, PCR is also 
the function in our case of the guarantees that we get in terms of CGTMSE and CGFMU from 
time to time. So, that is also factored in while calculating PCR. 

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Aditya: 
Understood. So, sir, those are my questions. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanket Chheda from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Sanket Chheda: 
Yes, Good afternoon. My question was again on the personal loans. So, it is about 8% of the 
AUM, but if we just see the AUM addition to this quarter, which is about 7,000, of that, 2,400 
is the personal loans, which is around 30-35% of AUM addition has come from personal loans. 
So, just wanted to understand how much of it is direct and how much it is through the channel 
partners? And while the micro-enterprise is muted for the since last one year, is it that we are 
stretched on the growth and hence maybe we are stretching on the personal loans as well to our 
threshold which is now closer to 10%? So, just wanted to understand how much of it is direct 
and through channel partners, and how are we getting that comfort to be mentioned that it stayed 
in your guardrails and then only you grow that, but just a little bit more granularity on that would 
be helpful.  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
So, as you know, that we work with a few of the select FinTech partners of the country on the 
terms and conditions, and on the credit screens which we have mandated to them. We have been 
working with them since few quarters. And now the systems and operations with them have 
stabilized.  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, you are not quite audible. Please come closer to the microphone.  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
So, as I shared that we have been working with a few of the fintech partners to smooth line the 
processes. And personal loan is a product whereby fintech can play a very important role given 
the level of documentation that we can get through banking aggregators, and whereby we can 
assess their salary are credited on time or not, their FOIR through CIBIL scrubs and other means. 
So, our endeavors with this FinTech partners is paying off now. Around 55% to 60% of our 
business is through this FinTech partners.  
 
And as far as we are concerned, we want to source PL on the digital way as much as we can, 
because this is the product among all our products whereby it is assessed 100% on documents. 
So, here we have a room to use digitalization to the maximum extent possible. And with the help 
of digital partners, we have the advantage of getting a security cover against guarantee also, 
against default also to the extent of 5%. So, that gives us the confidence to grow our credit 
screen, the quality of the portfolio we have created so far and then growing on a smaller base 
and that too within the limit of not more than 10%.  
 
Coming to the question on having the growth between 20 to 25% and SPL replacing MEL, 
maybe on a quarter-to-quarter basis looks like in terms of number. But going forward, we have 
a very clear-cut strategic intent to focus on our MSME business, which should contribute around 
60% of the business. 25% to 30% should come from wheels and the rest less than around 10% 
from unsecured personal loans.  

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
So, we will continue our endeavors on the same lines. And given our distribution strength 
directly from 200 centers, 14,000 pin codes, and also the distribution through 190 NBFCs, we 
are confident to maintain the asset configuration going forward while maintaining the growth 
anywhere between 20% to 25%.  
Moderator: 
Does that answer your question, Sanket?  
Sanket Chheda: 
Yes, and if you could also maybe, if possible, highlight, it is 5% that you work on as far as the 
channel partner is concerned, but what would be the pricing they would be offering? Is it possible 
to make some sense on that?  
Darshana Pandya: 
The net to the Company pricing offer to the borrowers is anywhere between 21% to 24%.  
Sanket Chheda: 
Okay, sure. Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Hi, sir, good afternoon. Sir, just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the Micro Enterprise Loans. 
So, while you highlighted that, you know, that segment is going through some tough times, so 
just wanted to understand how is our portfolio with the NBFC partner within this segment 
shaping up, because in that segment of small NBFC, there are some solvency risks as well which 
are emerging. So, what is your assessment and how are we trying to protect ourselves? In fact, 
we have added some NBFC partners during the quarter. So, what sort of partners have we added 
in terms of being comfortable to have? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
If I share with you the partners whom we are working, they are very strong on solvency for the 
very reason that irrespective of the macro environment, we have a system of assessment whereby 
we do a stress test of their portfolio and then work out the solvency and the liquidity risk.  
 
So, under any stress position, they should be above the threshold of 15%. So, currently, all the 
NBFCs, I will not use the word majority, all the NBFCs whom we work with have no solvency 
risk irrespective of the fact that their delinquency might range from 2% to 6% depending upon 
the areas they are working or depending upon the products they have offered.  
 
Secondly, we have very close control on the day-to-day operations also, and we work with the 
ones where we are more than satisfied to have any exposures. And if I share with you, the smaller 
NBFCs have proven their mettle across cycles. We have been working with them for more than 
15 years. And we have seen that, be it demand, be it COVID, be it the liquidity crisis especially 
suffered by them, they have been in a position to show that they have not caused any systemic 
risk. And add to that, our due diligence is helping us to navigate through all these tough times.  
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it, sir. Got it. So, we are well protected in terms of, you know, our exposure to them, at least. 
So, yes. Got it.  

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
The second question was, yes, sorry, sir, you were saying something.  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
No, I was just acknowledging, yes, we are well protected.  
Shreepal Doshi: 
All right. The second question was on the two-wheeler part. So, how are we seeing the stress in 
that segment? Because there would be an overlap of this MSE and MFI customer in the two-
wheeler segment as well particularly for us as well because we are in more of Tier-2, 3, 4 
geographies. So, how is that book in terms of, for us and for industry at large yours and on how 
is this book shaping up on the stress side?  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
So, as far as two-wheeler is concerned, you are right that we work in tier two and tier three 
geographies, wherever borrower constitutes up three types of profile. One is small businessman, 
second is agri, and third is salaried. So, that is more or less evenly spread.  
 
Secondly, once again, if you see that despite of being one of the oldest two-wheeler financers, 
we have a very moderate book in two-wheelers for the very reason that we still follow the age-
old practice of credit assessment even while extending loans on two-wheelers, which is not the 
market practice. Usually, market practice revolves around models and LTVs. We still are among 
the few NBFCs, or I cannot claim the only NBFCs, I am using this among the few NBFCs who 
insist a stability of own house even in two wheeler.  
 
So, given our guardrails right from the beginning, we see a marginal uptake. While you are right 
that there will be overlapping of the borrowers between MEL and two-wheeler and that will 
affect us also. So, when there is such a large-scale pressure, you cannot be isolated. You can be 
protected to the extent of your credit delivery model, and that is what is happening to us.  
 
So, we have sufficient guardrails at place while we do see certain uptick in certain areas, 
especially in rural, not also tier two and tier three, but especially in rural, whereby there is 
overlapping with the micro loan borrowers.  
Shreepal Doshi: 
And sir, how will it be for the industry at large? Like, as you highlighted, we are following the 
old age practices, but how is industry when it comes to the stress levels?  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
I think industry, depending upon players to players, the industry has 90 DPD ranging from 4% 
to 8% depending upon the way they are working. So, the 90 DPD revolves around that number 
and then the capabilities to recover, repossess, resell. So, ultimately, the losses can anywhere 
between 3% to 6-7%.  
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you so much for answering my question, and good luck for the 
next quarter.  

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manan Madlani from KamayaKya Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead.  
Manan Madlani: 
Yes, hi, good afternoon, sir, and thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question was regarding 
the cost of borrowing. So, when do you see any upgrading of our rating happening? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Already our rating was upgraded in March, whereby we were upgraded by CARE from A plus 
to double A minus. And if you see on the relative sense whereby MCLR of banks or majority of 
the banks have increased from March till the date of around 30 to 35 basis point, if you see our 
cost of borrowing has remained stable. So, on relative sense if you see per se our cost of 
borrowing has remained stable despite of increasing the MCLR. This is immediately because of 
rating upgrade. 
Manan Madlani: 
Okay. And the second question is on the OPEX side. So, I get it that we are going to the direct 
channel and probably that's why our OPEX is increasing. So, where do you see this stabilizing 
down the line?  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
As of now, as we see, OPEX from current 2.2%, 2.2%, right? 2.2 or 2.3% on a medium-term 
basis can be anywhere between 2.75% to 3%.  
Manan Madlani: 
2.7 to 3%.  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
But that will not affect the NIMs or the ROA because that will result into higher yields also.  
Manan Madlani: 
Correct. Fair enough. And on the commercial vehicle side, how is the asset quality going on, 
like any updates particularly for that? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
See, as far as commercial vehicle is concerned, I think our 90 DPD is around 5%, and that is in 
sync or as best as the industry can have. And going forward, we would like to maintain this level.  
Manan Madlani: 
I just had one little request. If you could just provide the quality of assets individually by our 
segments, it would be great.  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Point taken. Ankit?  
Ankit Jain: 
Yes. 
Manan Madlani: 
That's it from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from BugleRock PMS. 
Please go ahead.  

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Yes, hi, good afternoon. My first question was the higher rejection ratio which we are seeing. Is 
it because of more leverage at the customer level or the income levels are under stress in the 
industry and hence the higher rejection ratios we are finding, or we are getting in MEL and SME 
category?  
Dhvanil Gandhi: 
So, it is a combination of both the things. One is, we have tightened the credit screens, not there 
earlier. So, that is why more filters are put in. So, some of the proposals are filtered out in that. 
And second, the balance sheet numbers or the income numbers also for the customers are 
stagnated or deteriorated in some cases or the leverage has increased.  
 
So, a combination of all of these two, three things result in higher rejections. We will not be able 
to pinpoint only to one specific reason, only leverage, but also the internal policy tightening as 
well.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And one more thing, how difficult is getting the funding for small NBFCs or microfinance 
institutions? And are we seeing more opportunity to grow the retail asset channel and better use 
in that channel just opportunistically for some quarters? Any thoughts on that would be helpful. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
So, this is what we constantly ponder at association level also at FIDC, that small NBFCs should 
be given more access to capital and debt. And while the role of smaller NBFCs is recognized, it 
is yet to be recognized to the extent where they can get liability to the extent they should get.  
 
So, to answer your question, they really struggle to get timely liquidity from time to time. And 
that is where we have played a very important role. It has been mutual. I will now use the word 
that we supported. But we have played a very important role working with smaller NBFCs right 
from 2011. And we have been working with smaller NBFCs from the very experience we had 
when we were small.  
 
We were just 2 crores in 1995. We are 12300 crores as I talked to you. We have seen that journey 
very closely that despite of the best of the capabilities to manage assets, you might not get 
liability on time. And that is how we partner with number of NBFCs and have created a very 
good business model for us and has created a win-win situation.  
 
So, while you are right, retail asset channels can be a good business, but like any other thing in 
life, it's a package deal. From the risk perspective, technically we would not like this business to 
be more than around 30%, 35%. So, as we grow, the percentage will remain between 30% to 
35%. But that business will also grow continuously, and we hope to have more engagement with 
FinTechs through the smaller NBFCs.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
No, sir, I agree to what was stated, and we have stated this historically also. My just question 
was for next few quarters when the situation is tight and we have a pretty good experience of 
working with many of these institutions, do you think we can grow this channel and get a better 

 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
yield in the market or you see the yields for what we used to get historically are the same even 
in times like now? So, it won't make much significance  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
This is a relationship business and not a transaction business. Whenever we work with NBFC, 
it is a relationship business. So, we don't increase yields depending upon the situation in the 
market unless our cost of fund increases, and that is what has kept us in good stead in terms of 
relationships with all these NBFCs. So, strategically we would not be doing that.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And one last thing. At the customer level, are we seeing the yields improve in MEL and SME 
level, and are people moving out of also of that business market?  
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
On the contrary, these are the time to calibrate everything because this is the time to tighten 
credit screens. When you tighten the credit screen, you get borrowers who are having better 
credit profile. The borrowers with a better credit profile will demand better rates. So, really not 
the time. If you want to create a quality portfolio, extend credit where it is due, not a time to get 
higher yields. On the contrary, you might see some compression on yields being offset by 
operational cost and credit cost.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. Thanks for your insight. Yes, these were my questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Akshat Maniar from Anand Rathi Equities 
for the closing comments.  
Akshat Maniar: 
On behalf of Anand Rathi Institutional Equities, I extend my heartfelt gratitude to the 
management of MAS Financial Services for their insights today. We appreciate everyone's 
participation, and we look forward to connecting again soon. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited, 
that concludes this conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
