 
Registered Office: Symphony Limited, “Symphony House”, Third Floor, FP-12, TP-50, Off S.G. Highway, Bodakdev, Ahmedabad -380 059, India 
T: +91-79-66211111, F: +91-79-66211139-40 l Email – companysecretary@symphonylimited.com I www.symphonylimited.com 
CIN - L32201GJ1988PLC010331 
February 10, 2025 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
Symbol – Symphony   
 
 
    
Security Code – 517385 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call of Q3FY25 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
We are submitting herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call for the nine 
months/ quarter ended December 31, 2024, conducted on February 5, 2025.  
 
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
company 
at 
www.symphonylimited.com/quarterly-results 
 
This is in due compliance of applicable regulations of the SEBl (Listing obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
  
Yours Truly, 
For, Symphony Limited 
  
 
 
Mayur Barvadiya  
Company Secretary and Head - Legal 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
MAYUR C. 
BARVADIY
A
Digitally signed by 
MAYUR C. 
BARVADIYA 
Date: 2025.02.10 
18:32:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Symphony Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
. 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ACHAL BAKERI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – SYMPHONY LIMITED 
 
MR. NRUPESH SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
CORPORATE AFFAIRS – SYMPHONY LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT KUMAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SYMPHONY 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AAKASH FADIA – YES SECURITIES 
 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Symphony Limited, hosted by YES Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aakash Fadia from YES Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you. 
Aakash Fadia: 
Yes. Thank you, Yashashri. So good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of YES Securities, I 
welcome everyone to Symphony's 3Q and 9M FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. We have with 
us the senior management team of Symphony, represented by Mr. Achal Bakeri, Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Nrupesh Shah, Managing Director (Corporate Affairs); and Mr. Amit 
Kumar, Group CEO & Executive Director. 
 
I will now hand over the floor to the management for the opening remarks, along with the 
presentation, post which we will start the question-and-answer session. Over to you, sir. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Thank you, Aakash. And thank you very much, all participants on the call for being here this 
afternoon. The customary Safe Harbor statement applies to whatever we say this afternoon. Now 
my colleague, Nrupesh Shah, will take us through the presentation, post which we will all 
respond to any queries that you may have. Thank you. 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Welcome to this conference call. So to start with the performance highlights for our stand-alone 
and consolidated performance. 9M as a whole, top line is up by 49%, while for the quarter, it is 
muted. As on 31st December, for Q3 end, there has been a record unbilled advances surpassing 
even domestic sales, which is about ₹150 crores. And primarily, they are meant for 17 new 
models. 
 
So these new models production was and has been slated to start from December, January and 
current month. So there has been essentially a spillover of sales from December quarter to March 
quarter to this extent. However, overall end-to-end, as consumer sales happen during summer, 
there is no business loss. 
 
There has been temporary calibration in EBITDA and business PAT, mainly because low margin 
models have been billed in December '24 quarter, and in addition to that, there has been water 
heater launch expenses and also forex loss of ₹3.8 crores on a stand-alone basis, while on a 
consolidated basis, there is a forex loss of almost ₹9 crores during the quarter. It is more a 
notional loss i.e. mark-to-market, mainly on account of investments made in subsidiary 
companies. 
 
So on a consol basis for first 9M, top line is up by 32%. So during the quarter, we launched 
storage water heaters and it's a promising start. Its major USP in terms of prevention of hair loss 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
and much better and positive for skin coupled with AI features has received very well and 
acclaimed well. We have launched them in selected states and cities and starting January, it has 
been launched country-wide through e-commerce and D2C. 
 
So as it was conveyed during the last quarter, wish to give an update about the legal action taken 
towards the recovery and the overdue was from Pathways Retail Private Limited, which is based 
out of Delhi, an e-commerce distributor, and they were our distributor for 13 years and for e-
commerce, they are distributor for many other consumer-facing companies. So, we had carried 
out forensic check and came out with several irregularities, including falsification of the records 
as well as forgery of government documents etc., and also diversion of funds. Hence, we initiated 
stringent criminal proceedings towards forgery, cheating, criminal breach of trust etc. under 
Bhartiya Nyaya Sahitya Act. We have created the right over their immovable property, which 
are based in Gurugram and Delhi, essentially, they are on their corporate office as well as land 
parcels and other properties. Residual value of the properties seems to be taking care of our 
outstanding. On account of criminal proceedings, their promoters, Directors, and Ex-Directors 
were arrested and later, bail was granted. It was a conditional bail. However, the bail conditions 
in terms of the repayment have not been honoured. And hence, recently, we have filed for 
cancellation of their bail application. At the same time, their other three Directors had filed for 
anticipatory bail and their anticipatory bail has been rejected by the Hon’ble Court. And in 
addition to that, as updated earlier, we have also filed the criminal complaint under section 138 
towards dishonour of the cheque. So, this is the legal update in terms of the recovery. 
 
So we have and we will go all out very aggressively for recovery and do our best. However, as 
per accounting standard, and also on a conservative basis, residual outstanding of ₹46 crores 
from Pathways has been provided for during the quarter as a doubtful debt. This is in addition 
to earlier provisions made. And this will no way compromise legally or otherwise our recovery 
from them. 
Post this incident, we have tightened and implemented stringent credit risk mitigation in terms 
of the in-depth credit evaluation, party-wise credit limit, we have also taken the credit insurance, 
and across the parties, credit limit has been also rationalized. 
Achal Bakeri: 
And we may also add that we do not give credit as a principle to general trade. It is only to 
modern retail and the regional chain stores or to this e-commerce distributor that we have been 
giving credit. Other than that, in the general trade, which still constitutes the vast majority of our 
sales, we have an absolute zero credit policy. That has been the case since the outset of the 
company, and that continues till today. 
Nrupesh Shah: 
And during the quarter, interim dividend of ₹2 per share i.e. 100% has been announced. This is 
in addition to buyback of shares as well as earlier interim dividends. All-in-all, total payout in 
9M amounting to about ₹124 crores, i.e. 92% of the consol profit. 
                                               Coming to overseas subsidiaries, IMPCO Mexico and GSK China, 9M as a whole, have 
registered decent performance. However, while translating to Indian currency, on account of 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
depreciation of Mexican currency during the quarter, as well as for 9M, there is a major 
difference. 
 
About GSK China, it has achieved a remarkable turnover and performance. For 9M, the turnover 
stands at ₹75 crores versus ₹33 crores, while PAT stands at ₹10 crores versus ₹1 crore. This 
includes its domestic sales and also now we have synergized and complemented international 
operations. And hence, earlier, IMPCO Mexico and Climate Technologies were sourcing their 
products from other suppliers based in China, now that has been synchronized through the 
expertise and local presence of GSK China. So, its local operations have also turned profitable 
and in addition to that, it's also complementing IMPCO as well as Climate Technologies. And 
as a result of that, as updated earlier, GSK has repaid a loan in excess of ₹10 crores, resulting 
into remaining outstanding of ₹50 crores. And there is a clear visibility and path for repayment 
of this loan in the time to come. 
About Symphony Brazil, it's more about our trading subsidiary to take care of regulatory 
requirement. Otherwise, it's purely exports out of India. But again, on account of forex 
fluctuation, there is a wide variation in terms of INR, even though it has registered huge growth 
in terms of top line, and there are huge prospects and potential. 
So, Climate Technologies, Australia is not performing well. Its performance currently is in line 
with earlier years of IMPCO and GSK China. As conveyed earlier, its first phase of 
transformation i.e. CODB reduction from A$15 million to A$7.5 million has been already 
achieved. And its business transformation Phase 2 is almost done. We expect the fruits to gain  
down the line. 
So 9M stand-alone performance as of 31st December, top line is up by 49% at ₹814 crores. 
EBITDA at ₹188 crores versus ₹98 crores, i.e. up by 91%, and PAT, after providing for 
exceptional item and December quarter specific expenses in all ₹54 crores, stands at ₹132 crores. 
Coming to capital employed in trailing 12 months in stand-alone core business, Capital 
employed is negative ₹21 crores versus ₹60 crores in earlier year, despite increase in sales and 
performance translating into infinite ROCE. And the Return on Net Worth stands at 24%. And 
treasury as on 31st December is ₹488 crores. 
For the quarter, overall, as I explained earlier, performance is subdued, but mainly spill over to 
March quarter and for the quarter, there are December quarter specific expenses in all ₹53 crores, 
which includes provisions for doubtful debt of ₹46 crores, water heater launch expenses of ₹3.6 
crores and forex loss of ₹3.80 crores, in all ₹53 crores. So EBITDA otherwise stands at ₹34 
crores, but after providing for all other expenses, etc, PAT is negative ₹4 crores. And about 
EBITDA margin movement, which stands at 18.8% for the quarter. 
Coming to consolidated financials. For the first time in 9 months at a consol level, Symphony 
has crossed revenue of ₹1,000 crores and it stands at ₹1,088 crores, up by 32%. Its gross margin 
stands at 50.50 %, Y-o-Y up by 260 bps. And on consol basis, December specific expenses stand 
at ₹59 crores, additional ₹5.6 crores on account of forex loss, which is mark to market as 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
explained earlier for Brazil as well as Climate Technologies and partly IMPCO Mexico. And 
EBITDA stands at ₹211 crores and EBITDA Margin at 19.40%, up by 570 bps. And after 
providing for all these December specific expenses, PAT stands at ₹134 crores, up by 34%. And 
on a consol basis, capital employed is ₹273 crores, down from ₹305 crores, leading to ROCE 
for trailing 12 months at 90 % on core capital employed. And the Return on Net Worth is 26% 
versus 15%. 
About consol quarterly also, it is almost flattish as explained earlier. So at top line level, it stands 
at ₹242 crores. And at a PAT level, it is negative ₹10 crores, while EBITDA is positive ₹35 
crores. And for December '24 quarter on a consol basis, EBITDA stands at 14.7% with this 
waterfall chart. 
So subsidiary-wise financials for 9 months, all Subsidiaries put together in the 9 months have 
registered top line of ₹327 crores, up by 10% Y-o-Y. EBITDA is ₹24 crores, up from ₹15 crores, 
while ex-forex PAT is ₹8 crores versus negative ₹5 crores. And for the quarter, 4 subsidiaries 
put together, top line is ₹88 crores, while EBITDA is almost zero, and at PAT level ex-forex is 
negative ₹3 crores. As it can be seen in 9 months, GSK China, IMPCO Mexico, and Symphony 
Brazil have done pretty well. Brazil needs to be seen ex-forex, and in Brazil business, we also 
make money on exports from India. It is Climate Technologies, Australia, which is still bleeding, 
and we are quite cognizant of its performance as well as concern of the shareholders. And 
obviously, whatever is best in the interest of shareholders as well as all stakeholders, needful 
will be done. 
Coming to outlook. So ahead of Summer '25, very robust positive demand and sentiment across 
the trade channel, across the geographies and on top of it, as all of you are aware, considering 
the major income tax relief given which will be mainly availed by air cooler class of consumers 
that should further boost our business. And we are quite confident about performance of March 
'25 quarter. There has been overwhelming response to 17 new range of air coolers, and they will 
be margin accretive. There has been strategic focus and decent demand from LFS, RCS E-
Commerce as well as D2C. Thank you. So, with this, we can take the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take our first question from the line of Manoj Gori from Equirus 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Manoj Gori: 
Yes. So based on your opening remarks, what I understood is optically, this quarter is looking 
weak on the domestic front. But probably, there will be a lot of spillover into Q4. So probably 
for the fourth quarter, we should expect normal growth that we would have expected earlier and 
plus this spillover effect. Is that understanding correct? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
That's right. 
Manoj Gori: 
Yes. And secondly, if I look at some of the other cooling product categories, channel has been 
going very aggressive. So, in fact, in terms of number of days or in terms of absolute volumes, 
they have been betting on the summer building huge inventories. In anticipation, probably if 
there is any supply chain disruption for any of the categories. So, are we seeing like probably 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
channel going very aggressive as compared to previous historical trends? And accordingly, it 
should further boost volumes during the quarter. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Certainly, not only the channel but so are we. We've also built out a huge inventory in 
anticipation of good sales in the summer. So yes, all in all, everyone concerned in the business 
is very upbeat. 
Manoj Gori: 
Perfect. Good to hear that. Lastly, Nrupesh bhai said like the new models are margin accretive. 
So, looking at the stand-alone gross margins probably there has been minor contraction. So 
probably there won't be any major contribution from these new models during this current 
quarter and that we should expect during the fourth quarter. 
Achal Bakeri: 
That's correct. That's correct. Yes.  
Nrupesh Shah:                   And we, as a company, have a focus when we talk about margin or EBITDA margin. So that 
doesn't mistake it or club it with gross margin or otherwise because primarily, our focus is on 
that. 
Manoj Gori: 
Correct. Understood. And sir, lastly, on the subsidiaries, probably still when we look at the top 
line performance. So, we are still not able to see any meaningful uptick over there. Obviously, 
you have taken a lot of efforts on CODB, which where we are able to see some benefit taking it. 
Can you throw some light on these subsidiaries, probably how do we see from next 1 year point 
of view? 
Achal Bakeri: 
So Manoj Bhai, by subsidiaries, I suppose you mean Climate Technologies of Australia because  
IPMCO, Mexico and GSK in China are already sort of cruising along very well. So as far as 
Climate Technologies is concerned, there were 2 sort of levers that we were working on. One 
was how do we reduce the cost of doing business through a transformation of its business, which 
is outsourcing the manufacturing and cutting down its manufacturing related overhead. That has 
been by and large achieved. So, the manufacturing is at the tail end in Australia, by June, 
everything will be wrapped up. That's when the lease for our factory also expires, and will be 
done and dusted with any sort of manufacturing in Australia come June. 
 
Simultaneously, the other sort of levers that we have been working on is adding new products, 
expanding our product portfolio in Australia, because historically, we were selling gas-ducted 
heaters and rooftop mounted air coolers. Now over and above that, we have added highwall split 
air conditioners. We have also added a reverse cycle, ducted air conditioners. By reverse cycle 
ducted air conditioners, I mean air conditioners, which both cool and heat, because remember 
that Australia is as hot as it gets cold in the winter. It gets very hot in the summer, and it also 
gets cold in the winter. So, it requires both sorts of interventions. So, we have introduced the 
complete range of air conditioners. We've also added products like electric panel heaters, 
fireplaces, strip heaters. We are in the process of adding air purifiers. So, we are really increasing 
the entire portfolio of products that we will be selling in Australia. And now the introduction of 
these products is more or less in place. And now scaling up the entire business, offering them to 
the entire geography all over the country, offering them to all customers is a process which is 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
currently underway. But identifying the right products, getting them certified, identifying the 
suppliers and then getting the product certified, testing, sampling, all that is all done. Now it's 
just a question of how do we ramp up sales? So, the focus here onwards is going to be entirely 
on the growth of the top line. Whatever had to be done by the Australian team in terms of 
reduction of the CODB and its manufacturing transformation is almost all done. And like I said, 
and the focus is now clearly on ramping up sales. So, the issue now in Australia is nothing other 
than top line. As soon as the top line, if we are able to crank up the top line, all the numbers will 
immediately fall into place. Exactly what happened in GSK China. Till last year, our turnover 
was some ₹33 crores and some barely breaking even on a cash basis. And suddenly, as soon as 
the top line increased to ₹75 crores in 9 months, we are seeing bottom line growth. So, the 
operating leverage has kicked in China, and the same thing will happen in Australia. So that is 
what is currently going on. 
 
However, I may also add that as Nrupesh bhai mentioned, we fully appreciate the sort of 
concerns that the market has about this subsidiary and its performance and its consequent impact 
on the valuations of the company as a whole. And we will certainly take into all that into 
consideration and chart out the way forward. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sir, can you highlight in a scenario that there is tariff imposed on Mexico, China, do we get 
impacted in any way? Do any of these products directly, indirectly make their way into the U.S.? 
We know Australia does supply to U.S. Does Mexico also do? If you could just tell us, one, if 
there is an impact? And second, if there is, how are you looking at navigating the same? 
Achal Bakeri: 
Okay, good question, Pulkit. Until about a couple of years ago, 2 summers ago, we used to have 
very good business in the U.S. At the peak, we did about 23 million U.S. dollar sales in the U.S. 
Now for different reasons, that has not happened in the last 2 years, and that also as a tailing 
effect on Climate Technologies’ sales. So as of now, our sales from either Australia or Mexico, 
and/or China to the U.S. is fairly low. Whatever the U.S. company sells does come from all of 
these geographies. But as of now, it's fairly low. So really speaking, the tariff will have no impact 
on us. 
 
In fact, if there is sales in the U.S., we believe that the tariffs will be passed on to the consumer. 
For example, Home Depot sells our product, takes orders from us for our product, they would 
pay duties, or we would add the duties to the price at which we sell to them. So, if at all, it will 
get passed on to the US consumer. As far as we are concerned, really, nothing changes. 
Pulkit Patni: 
And sir, if I may flip that more on the positive side that tomorrow in a scenario that China and 
Mexico have duties, can the Australian subsidiary become more relevant for us from a US export 
perspective? 
Achal Bakeri: 
Absolutely. Yes, absolutely because there would be no duties from Australia to the US as they 
currently are not. So absolutely right, yes. So, we do have that other avenue of routing product 
to the US. You are absolutely right. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Pulkit Patni: 
Yes. But on an as basis, if duties are put, we don't get hit significantly negatively. That's really 
what I take away from this. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Absolutely. Certainly not. Although there is the impact that this entire turmoil in the US has had 
on currencies is something what is affecting us indirectly, as what was explained in the 
presentation, that the Brazilian Real has devalued, the Mexican Peso has devalued, the Indian 
Rupee has devalued. So whatever impact that has, is there. But other than that, directly, the tariff 
has not hurt us or we don't expect it to hurt us. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sure. Sir, my second question is, a lot of these EMS companies, which originally used to do air 
conditioner, etcetera, are now also talking doing air cooler EMS. Does it in any way play into 
our strategy of looking at incremental suppliers? Or for us, the business model of sourcing will 
remain the same the way it has been for years. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Sorry, Pulkit, I was trying to understand what you meant by EMS. 
Pulkit Patni: 
So the likes of EPACK, etc, who are now making air coolers for different brands. And as you'd 
appreciate, multiple brands now want to get to air coolers. I wanted to know, if for us from a 
sourcing perspective, could they be relevant suppliers or we will stick to our existing strategy of 
sourcing? Which is basically we do all the designing and then stick to the few players who do 
manufacturing for us. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Essentially, we will stick to what we are doing now. But EPACK has also become one of our 
OEMs / contract manufacturers. So, products that we have designed and developed and the 
moulds of which are owned by Symphony, have been given for a few models to EPACK to 
produce on our behalf. We will not really just source a product which has not been developed 
by us and where we see no product differentiation. And where the same product would be hocked 
to different brand brands is not something -- it's not a direction that we will go into. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Got it, sir. Very clear. Thank you and good luck for the next quarter  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of from Shraddha Kapadia from Share 
India. Please go ahead. 
Shraddha Kapadia: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. So basically, I wanted to understand if we have taken 
any price hikes? Or do we expect to take any price hikes in future? So, in the current quarter, if 
we have taken any price hikes and what would be the price hikes considering the season is almost 
over here? 
Achal Bakeri: 
Yes. So again, good question, Shraddha. As a part of our overall pricing policy, our prices keep 
on sort of inching up every fortnight beginning July all the way up to the summer season. So 
that has been part of our -- the long-standing pricing policy. So yes, the price what I'm referring 
to is the price at which Symphony sells to its channel partners. So, in the first fortnight of 
February, the rate that we will offer is not what the channel would get on the 16th of February. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Shraddha Kapadia: 
I just have one more question regarding the new 17 air coolers, which we have launched, if you 
could highlight the new features and how much revenue can we like expect. So majorly it would 
be the new features, which would be there, if you could highlight the same for the upcoming 
season? 
Achal Bakeri: 
Yes. That would be a very long story. It's all there in our corporate presentation, which is on our 
website. So, if you care to go through that, that will probably serve you better than me talking 
to you on the phone. 
Shraddha Kapadia: 
Okay, sir. I'll do that. Thank you so much and all the best for the upcoming quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from the line of Mayur Parkeria from Wealth Managers 
India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Sir, we understand that this event of provision was there, and it has happened one-off situation 
in that way. But my question is slightly a little longish and slightly more strategic. Modern trade 
as well as E-Commerce or even Quick-commerce, and this is what other brands and OEMs also 
have been saying that the working capital or they have a credit period unlike our bargaining 
capacity in terms of general trade being higher versus in front of them, and it is relatively lower, 
and hence, the credit periods are also there.  
And the structural change is that their share in the overall sales is rising in that sense, gradually 
over multiple years, and it will continue to rise given the consumer behaviour and experience on 
modern trade, E-Commerce, Quick commerce, all put together the new channels. 
So how would you address this assessment that credit, which we have always stuck to the cash 
and carry model as far as the general trade is there. But then we are giving credit on the other 
channels. And on one side as a structural impact. And the second is our credit on our assessment 
in the credit profile and the measures which you have taken now, where do you think the lapse 
actually happened in terms of internal situations, if any?  
And where did we miss that in that? Because we have always maintained that, and we have 
maintained that. So just as a learning curve perspective, where does the internal process miss? 
And are there any heads which are rolled out because of this? Or what kind of measures did we 
miss on that side? And how do we address the structural issue of credit, which anyways, this 
channel, we will have to continue 
Achal Bakeri: 
So, when it comes to modern trade, you're talking about the likes of Croma or Reliance or Vijay 
Sales or when it comes to regional chain stores, you are talking about the likes of Bajaj 
Electronics in Hyderabad, the Aditya Vision in Bihar. And there are several in the South, Tamil 
Nadu, so on and so forth. There, we have been giving credit. And there, of course, we obviously 
look at the financials. While no point in looking at the financials of Reliance Retail or Croma. 
But for all the others, we do keep a look at our eye on the financials of the other parties. 
As far as this one particular case is concerned, we had been doing business with this distributor 
for a long time. Initially, it was not on credit, gradually because to sort of increased sales, we 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
began to provide credit. But historically, we kept a close eye on how the repayment was 
happening. But in this 1 year, I think I can admit to saying that there was a lapse in judgment. 
And we should have picked up the signals, people who are at the operating level who do the 
business should have picked up the signals and been able to sort of tighten the sales. But 
sometimes in the lure of sales or with the fear of not losing sales, we sometimes tend to overlook 
some signals which would have been otherwise very evident. And I think this situation has 
happened. So, there's clearly a lapse of judgment. As to your question about heads have rolled 
or not, no heads have not rolled. And we believe that the people who are responsible for this 
lapse in judgment are wiser now and this will not happen again.  
Mayur Parkeria: 
Sir, actually ₹45 crores and even earlier what we provide is a huge sum in terms of the kind of 
credit. It's just that, Achal bhai's philosophy of cash and carry. And I remember on your earlier 
days, you had faced this issue very long time back almost two decades back or something and 
that what made you to stick to cash and carry. And that philosophy, we have always been looking 
at. And while we understand it was an event, but coming from Symphony was something which 
took us too much of a surprise in terms of that.  
Achal Bakeri: 
Yes, Mayur, I entirely agree with you. All in all, it is ₹46 crores plus whatever provisions we 
have taken earlier. So all in all, it's ₹58 crores. ₹46 crores plus ₹12 crores so ₹58 crores. It's an 
enormous amount of money. That is something wherefor much less back 20 years ago, we 
became a BIFR company. So, this is an enormous amount of money. And under normal 
circumstances, you are right. This shouldn't have happened. 
 
But like I said, it's a lapse in judgment. And so, we are sure that whoever is responsible for this, 
the people responsible for this are wiser now and this will not happen again. Heads could have 
rolled that would have been easy, simple thing to do to sort of also even demonstrate to the 
market that actions have been taken or to our Board.  
But we have chosen the other direction where our people are learning from this experience, very 
expensive learning, but learning nonetheless. So, we are hoping that this is something which will 
not happen again. I mean, we are sure.  
Mayur Parkeria: 
The investor concern is only actually our long-term concern only comes because the channel 
share gradually keeps on rising in terms of modern trade and these. And we are at a stage where 
the assessment on this itself has gone early stages wrong. So just to ensure and request you to 
give your personal attention and ensure that processes are well established, even while it's a very 
generalized way to say that there are big players, but there are small and medium - modern trade 
players also which are there and the likes where we face an issue. So, to strengthen and ensure 
that the processes are well set because the channel will keep on becoming important as we go 
ahead. So, it's not that we cannot solve that channel, but we need to take care. So, the second 
question is on the Climate Technologies... 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Sorry, Mayur. So just to add to that. So, as we covered in the presentation, it has been placed on 
the screen. So, of course, it was a valuable lesson. And hence stringent credit risk mitigation has 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
been implemented which includes in their credit evaluation, which is much beyond what used 
to be done earlier.  
Secondly, now for entire modern trade, credit insurance has been taken. So for the first time, this 
credit insurance policy has been taken. And wherever required, we have substantially 
rationalized the credit limit. And of course, many times, just by knowing the financials, just by 
knowing the balance sheet, it's like giving a pulse, but as it was mentioned sometimes there may 
be a lure of not losing the sales.  
And in fact, last year actually, there was a loss of sales because of non-supply. So had it being 
rationalized to these channels, otherwise also there would not have been a loss of sales. But of 
course, it's a valuable lesson. And at the same time as it was conveyed in the presentation, we 
have taken stringent actions against the modern trade distributor. And by the way, several other 
consumer-facing companies have also lost the money with them. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Sir, we believe all the actions will be taken.  
Achal Bakeri: 
Also, in continuation. In the past, you must have heard of Future Retail going under and many 
suppliers having lost money. In our case, we didn't because again, there were a different set of 
people involved at that time and who sort of exercise judgment and ensured that we do not lose 
our shirt.  
So even though many other companies fail to do that, our team was successful in minimizing 
our exposure to Future Retail when it was going under. So, it's just a matter of, like I said, it's 
just a matter of judgment of the people involved. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Yes. Sir, second question on the CT Australia. If I remember, if my memory serves well, I think 
this is the first time where we have apart from the other actions which anyways we are taking 
for a couple of our strategy Phase I, Phase II, we have mentioned about transforming and all 
that.  
But I think first time, we have clearly come out with a kind of a I'll say, an outlook where we 
are saying that we are open to any other options also which may be possible in the light of the 
investors’ concern on Australia. So just to understand this a little bit better, are we looking at 
some strategic kind of initiative apart from the other options which are there on the table?  
Is there something more to read in your intent and the way we are looking at it because this is a 
very big event if it happens and just to get a more idea on that, sir? 
Achal Bakeri: 
No, Mayur there is nothing really on the table. I mean, in fact, I'm asking you if what would be 
you suggest we should do. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Sir, firstly it is beyond my pay grade to give a strategic view on to something and especially to. 
Mr. Achal Bakeri who has been the master. 
Achal Bakeri: 
You are a smart person, I'm sure you can maybe share your thoughts. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Sir, many times in and we have mentioned that our intent has been to focus on Return on Capital 
Employed and margins very clearly. At a very strategic intent level, I remember we were talking 
about this way back when this acquisition was taken that India is the most promising place as 
far as ROCE and growth both were concerned as a combination of that. But we do understand 
that air cooling in Australia was a big market. 
We wanted to address that and possibly also look at US as a play through Australia, which 
actually did not materialize over a long period the way we would have thought over it, but then 
apart from the growth, the ROCE of all developed countries are very, very subpar any which 
case. 
I think that is something which needs a very closer look in terms of our intent and how we look 
at addressing the opportunity because absolute value of sales can come in and invariably when 
sorry to name, I'm not naming in others, but we have seen experiences whether Tatas have gone 
through or for a very long period of time, Bharti or Hindal...  
All of them have gone through where developed countries or global companies are acquired and 
their ROCE are significantly lower and it is very difficult for us to have a cultural map to 
understand and turn it around in a time period that investor horizons are there any, in fact, at this 
kind of a situation. 
So you have been instrumental in turning that around the complete closing the manufacturing 
operations and normally, these are not possible and easy to do. But then ROCE was one indicator 
which actually could have given us a signal whether this was worth doing at that point in time.  
And now that this has been done, I think while we are taking all measures at the margin, trying 
to improve it, I think there is a there is still a question which one of the participants asked that 
does the tariff war for opens up opportunity for Australia to turn around. But I still think that 
one has to look at this not from 1 year, but over 5 years, 7 years, 8 years, can we really add 
wealth to Symphony parent and then the wealth to the investor will come in the second part. 
But overall how does this developed country operations actually fit into that entire efficiency in 
ROCE, which we already have. It will always dilute our proposition for that. And it is not like 
that those markets are growing at very high double digits. So we will have to do completely 
different, we are doing and launching new products there which has not been our core focus in 
other markets.  
So, we are doing measures just to turn that around. Is that so much of effort and so much of your 
time and resources of the company over a long period one can have a look at that. That's just a 
small suggestion way to look at it. 
Achal Bakeri: 
No, I really appreciate it. Really appreciate your thoughts. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Thank you and wish you all the best. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Vineet Pasad from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Vineet Pasad: 
Hi, good evening, sir. Thank you for giving the opportunity. I just wanted to get a sense around 
how are we thinking on water heaters business, what has been the initial feedback which we 
have gained from the market, particularly given this is the peak season for water heaters, how 
has it done this month?  
And also, how are we looking at the overall business in terms of whether this business will 
continue to invest maybe in the near term creating a drag to our profitability. And lastly, what is 
the market share target we're targeting over a medium term, let's say, 2-year to 3-year 
perspective? 
Achal Bakeri: 
So, in terms of the market for water heater it's about as big as coolers in value terms. So, it's a 
significant market. It's significantly large category, but we do recognize that there are very, very 
well established, well entrenched players. So, we had to make sure that whatever we offer has a 
distinct differentiation. And which is why we have developed this hair fall control geyser and 
with the AI powered controller. And we believe that these two together have a compelling 
differentiation in the market. When we launched it, it was already well into the cycle, the channel 
buying cycle and all. So, we were sort of fairly late, although the winter hasn't quite set in, but 
by the time the product was given to the channels, they had already stocked up on other brands. 
So, this really was just more of a trial kind of a year. Going forward is when, we would be sort 
of making sure that all the channel partners stock it for the coming winter, winter of '25, '26. So 
in reality, the next year, the coming 12 months is what is going to be the key time, when this 
product will sort of demonstrate what it can do.  
So it's really too early to say anything, but we've had so far in whichever markets we've launched 
and whichever customers have bought are very happy. So, the product has certainly lived up to 
its promise. And now it's just a matter of just doing more of the same across the country. 
Vineet Pasad: 
Understood. And sir, if you can throw some light on how will be our GTM in this category 
before the next winter, will we be selling through dealer network, GT network or at least for the 
initial couple of years, the focus will remain more on modern trade and e-com? 
Achal Bakeri: 
Yes. I think initially, it will remain on modern trade and E-Com and some large regional chain 
change stores. 
Vineet Pasad: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, just one clarification. We understand some push out of some sales 
which did not happen this quarter, to the next quarter. So, from that perspective, outlook for the 
next quarter appears robust. But just from a fundamental point of view, are you seeing any 
change in terms of the way our business model operates whether we used to sell it evenly 
throughout the year to channel partners. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 
Is that something what is changing? Should we read into that? Or if it's just a pure push out of 
sales. And going forward, we should again see a more evenly spread-out sales throughout the 
year? 
Achal Bakeri: 
No, absolutely. In fact, if the production of the new models had happened has been initiated a 
couple of months sooner, then the entire sales would have happened in the previous quarter. It's 
just that people gave us the money. They wanted the product. In fact, they are quite impatient to 
get the new product. But it's just that we had begun the product development a little late, and 
there were some transit issues and there were some reasons of delay beyond our control. And so 
the production initiation pushed to the current quarter. 
 
But now they are already in production. Most of them couple will begin towards the end of 
February. But this will all be in production and be sent across to the channel by the end of the 
quarter. So, this is just one of those events. 
 
And this happens. I mean a few years ago, 7-8 years ago, we had launched a range called the 
Touch range which instead of July, when usually when all our new products are unveiled, but 
this one was unveiled in the month of November. So, we had a similar situation. So again, see, 
up until the temperature picks up, whatever is sold goes to the channel. Even whether we sell in 
January or February, there's no loss of sales. It's just a deferment of sales because the eventual 
customer only buys, when the temperature picks up. 
Moderator: 
Sir, we'll take the next question as line is disconnected. We'll take our next question from the 
line of Abhishek Ghosh from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
So just in terms of the loss of sales that we have had in this current quarter, otherwise, on a 
steady basis, you would have seen teens kind of a growth, which is what you're kind of looking 
at would have been possible? 
Achal Bakeri: 
What kind of approach? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Yes, absolutely. So that's what we registered in September quarter, and that is the kind of the 
collection and unbilled amounts we are sitting on. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay. And sir, in terms of the channel sentiment, we have almost seen one-third of the quarter 
having gone by. So, is the channel sentiment buoyant in terms of stocking up or are there 
apprehensions about the upcoming season? If you can just help us understand with that? 
Achal Bakeri: 
The channel is very, very upbeat. This year, January, as you all know, has been one of the hottest 
January in the last 125 years. February also, as we speak, is fairly warm. So, the channel is very, 
very upbeat. They all expect there to be an early summer and a good summer in terms of 
reasonably high temperatures and consistently high temperatures. So those are all expectations, 
and the channel is geared up for that. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Nrupesh Shah: 
And in addition to that, as everybody expects, Nirmala Sitharaman has made consumers also 
very happy especially for our kind of products in addition to good summer. So, I think that 
should also be helpful. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Yes, the higher disposable income, thanks to the tweaking of the tax regime would certainly help 
us as well as others. 
Nrupesh Shah: 
So, I think as per 1 statistic, it is said that savings of 1 trillion of taxation will increase the 
consumerism to an extent of 3 trillion to 5 trillion because it is 3x to 5x. And that helps to 
consumer-facing companies. 
Achal Bakeri: 
And 18% of that is what goes back to revenue. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Correct. Sir, other thing in terms of the competitive landscape, are you seeing any meaningful 
changes in your category? Are you seeing new players coming through? Any news on that? 
Achal Bakeri: 
I don't think there are any player left to come, whoever had to come is already here or whoever 
exists is already in the category. So, there's almost everybody that you can think of is in this 
category. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
But I was more asking, sir, is anybody exiting now?  
Achal Bakeri: 
Well, it's not exiting. Many of them have lost their initial sort of Euphoria and Passion and all 
of that. They realize that grass is always greener on the other side. So that certainly is visible. 
Some of our esteemed partners, again, I can't talk about them in an open call like this, who 
couldn't and just talk about anything other than coolers or Symphony, don’t even talk about that 
anymore. So, they are so busy with the other products, and they've realized that this is not all as 
easy as it seems. So yes, it has certainly been that. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay. And sir, just in terms of standalone P&L, there is almost about ₹7.4 crores of onetime 
outlay because of forex loss and water heater launch expenses. And a corresponding number for 
consol will be about ₹13 crores. Is that the right way to look at it? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
That's right. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay. And you will see some amount of gross margin improvement as the sale of new models 
happen?  
Nrupesh Shah: 
So, as we say, rather than gross margin, focus is on EBITDA margin. So, our target is EBITDA, 
which may be partly to gross margin, partly items in between gross margin to EBITDA. Gross 
margin is very high, but if we can’t control or manage the items in between, which are 
substantial, then doesn't lead anywhere. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway Investments. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Just one question on the volume of procurement for this season. By how much have you 
increased your procurement levels for this summer for air coolers? 
Achal Bakeri: 
Well, we have produced a record number of coolers, already sold quite a record number of 
coolers and sitting on high inventory. I can't really talk in % terms, but it's fairly high. What we 
have sold before summer is much higher than any of our competitors. The inventory that we 
have is more than what most of our competitors would sell in a year. So, in every respect, we 
have gone bullish, and we have gone all out. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. Regarding CT Australia, you said you are closing down the manufacturing facility there 
by June. What would be the impact of that on your overhead space by how much would they 
come down? If you can give us some figure on that? 
Achal Bakeri: 
Maybe you joined a little late, but in our presentation, we talked about we have reduced our cost 
of doing business from A$15 million which it was when we acquired the company to about 
A$7.5 million now. So, we are almost there. Maybe a little bit will be further will be reduced 
because the process of reducing manufacturing has been going on. 
 
We are at what we currently doing is very, very small compared to what we were doing earlier. 
We are occupying very little space. We have very few people just converting the last bit into 
finished products, the last bit of raw material into finished product. So, most of the gains of 
CODB reduction that we had planned on have already been realized. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And then you will be subcontracting it in Australia? Or would you be supplying it from 
China and India? 
Achal Bakeri: 
Again, like we said before, we will be supplying mainly from China. Our subsidiary in China is 
going to be supplying to Australia. Some products –have already been going from India to 
Australia. So, it will essentially be either China or India. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And lastly, what is the % of sales that you get from modern trade as compared to for 
general trade. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Where in China / Australia? 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
In India? 
Achal Bakeri: 
In India, well, whatever is the general average for the industry as a whole applies to us. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Vineet Prasad. Please go ahead. 
Vineet Prasad: 
Just my line was disconnected. Just wanted one clarification. Generally, we would have started 
manufacturing newer models somewhere around September, October. But this time due to 
various reasons that got pushed to December. Is the understanding, right? 
Achal Bakeri: 
Yes. December, January, February. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Vineet Prasad: 
But generally, in a normal year, not this year, but generally, is it a case where we start 
manufacturing new models a lot early? 
Achal Bakeri: 
No. Absolutely. 
Vineet Prasad: 
Okay. So is it just a matter of delay in starting of manufacturing of new products 
Achal Bakeri: 
Correct. Again, not all new models. We've launched 17 new models, some we were already able 
to produce and introduce in the previous quarter, some will happen, and the balance will happen 
in the current quarter. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Ashish Shah from Business Match. 
Ashish Shah: 
I just have one question, sir, slightly long term on your China subsidiary. So last few years, we 
obviously struggled in terms of business environment, margins and now things have come on 
track. So, do you have any plans, any thought 2, 3 years out? Can this meaningfully scale up 
from where we are now? 
Achal Bakeri: 
So, the China subsidiary serves multiple purposes. One is, of course, it becomes like a production 
source for Mexico, Brazil, Australia and other geographies. So that's one. Secondly, it also helps 
the India procurement team, where it also buys components from China and to get better deals, 
find other suppliers. So, it actually serves multiple purposes. Over and above that serving the 
local domestic China market. This business is a fairly low capital employed business in nature. 
And it will certainly grow in the years to come. And that growth will come with very low capital 
employed. 
Ashish Shah: 
And sir, just continue to that same line of business. Like do you have a plan in place at the 
strategy in place to grow China business meaningfully? 
Achal Bakeri: 
So the China business will grow when the other subsidiaries grow. So, the focus is not 
necessarily on growing the China business. The focus is on getting in growing Australia, 
growing Mexico, growing US, growing other geographies, and orders from that there will flow 
to China as well as to India. Growing the local China market itself is also a focus area. So, I 
mean, growth of the Chinese company will be a consequence of our growth in many other 
geographies. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Jayesh Gandhi from Harshad H Gandhi Securities. 
Jayesh Gandhi: 
If I heard you correct, you said that in Australia, you have introduced air conditioners, air 
purifiers. Are you thinking of introducing it in India as well? 
Achal Bakeri: 
No. So, we are introducing these products in Australia because like I said, historically, we were 
selling coolers, rooftop coolers and ducted heaters in Australia. Because of regulatory reasons, 
there has been a ban on gas heating in Australia. So, we have to exit from that category. And 
cooler and gas heaters are sold in tandem. So, if heaters are not sold, cooler sales, rooftop cooler 
sales will also reduce. So, we have to find a substitute product. And the substitute product is air 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
conditioners which can both cool and heat, because we have the brand and the distribution, we've 
decided to do that. And along with that, these are other complementary products, electric panel 
heaters, purifiers, etcetera, etcetera, which our research also revealed could have very good 
prospects and which is why we had got into those. We are really not planning on introducing 
any of those in the Indian market, at least today, I'll never say never, at least today. 
Jayesh Gandhi: 
No, I was just wondering, because I think we have a far poor air quality than what Australia 
might be having. So, if you are actually thinking of introducing air purifiers in India. Anyway, 
that's a difficult answer. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Yes, it could be a good product. But even our air coolers, at least in the summer months, our air 
coolers also filter air. So, they are also -- this is also a product with both cleans, filters as well as 
cools air. So, if one is using an air cooler, you really don't even need a purifier. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Mayur Parkeria from Wealth Managers India 
Private Limited. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Sir, just again, a slightly issue, which has been also, not played too as well over a long period of 
time is the commercial and industrial air-cooling segment. While in normal season, normal 
times, we understand that there is no tailwind of the summer. But last year as well as if this year 
is anything to go by, this is a strong tailwind of the summer itself. And we have, over the past 
taken multiple efforts as far as sales team initiatives doing a lot of, I would say, distributed 
through in other programs and everything put together. 
And there was a time when we used to look at Voltas air condition factory was cooled by the 
Symphony. The outlook for industrial air cooling and even for commercial to that extent was 
expected to be much larger. And to that -- from that perspective, we have actually gone nothing 
material. We are still sub single digits on the overall revenue side. 
So, over the next 3 years, how do you see this? And why is it the sales momentum in terms of 
the summer season of the last two years is not. Again, where is the problem coming on? How 
do you see market acceptance? 
Achal Bakeri: 
So, first of all, Mayur, guilty as charged. Yes, agreed is that we have not been able to scale this 
business up. And despite everything that we have done, the issue is not the summer. The issue 
is not tailwind. The issues of actually educating the market, maybe Indian factory owners are 
content with whatever indoor temperature conditions that may exist in their factories. So, it's 
really a question of market education and explaining and convincing people the merits of better 
thermal comfort, indoor thermal comfort, in factories and warehouses. 
It's just that we've got the product. We have the team. We have everything concerned. But we 
believe that we are -- despite it being many years of trying and us not having succeeded despite 
many years of trying. We continue to work at it because we believe that at some point, they'll 
come at -- they'll reach the tipping point and this thing will begin to roll. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
There are several other examples in countries like China, and I've said this many times before, 
countries like China, in Southern China, in Guangdong province, which is the manufacturing 
hub of China, and the economy of Guangdong is bigger than the economy of India, the GDP, 
there every factory is air-cooled, every factory. 
I mean, if factory is not air cooled, workers refuse to work in that factory. So, I believe it's a 
matter of time that Indian sort of worker becomes demanding that threshold of comfort will be 
sort of much lower or higher, whichever you look at it. And there will be a demand for industrial 
cooling. It's just a matter of time, Mayur, just a matter of time. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
I wish you all the best on that. And one small suggestion on the heater side, some of our channels 
have been talking to the dealers on this side. A.O. Smith as heaters have done really well in 
terms of product positioning and premiumization. And when we understand why, one of the 
factors which other heater -- sorry, boilers, sorry, I... 
Achal Bakeri: 
Heaters -- water heaters. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Yes, water heaters, they have. Some of the companies have not been able to do it. Now this 
because of the pressure problems of water, most people or in housing societies, there is a pressure 
pump or internal pressure, the kind of pressure which comes through the heaters -- boilers, it 
becomes very difficult for many of the water boilers to manage that, where A.O. Smith has done 
a very good job. So just small feedback in terms of differentiated positioning for you to think 
on. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Excellent. No, very good point, very good point. No, we have taken care that our products, our 
heaters can withstand 8 bar of pressure which is what we in a high-rise building or with a pressure 
pump. So -- but you're absolutely right. Your market understanding is bang on. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Thank you very much, everybody, and your questions were also quite insightful and now sort of 
gave us a lot of food for thought. So, we look forward to discussing once again 3 months down 
the road. Have a great evening. Thank you. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of YES Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
*** 
