 
 
 
Date: 13th February, 2025 
The Secretary 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
“P.J. Towers” 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 500730 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: NOCIL 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Call. 
 
This intimation is also being made available on the Company’s website viz.,  
https://www.nocil.com/overview/#investor_presentation 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For NOCIL Limited  
 
 
 
 
Amit K. Vyas 
Head-Legal 
& Company Secretary  
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 , the transcript of Company’s Earnings call held on 7th February, 2025 regarding discussion on the 
Operational and financial performance  of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st 
December, 2024 is enclosed herewith. 
NOCIL LIMITED 
Regd. Office Mafatlal House, 3rd Floor, H. T. Parekh Marg 
Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020, India 
Tel +91 22 6657 6100, 6636 4062 
Fax +91 22 6636 4060 
Website: www.nocil.com 
(IN.L99999,MH1 961PLC01200.3 
Emal: investorcare@@nocl.com 
Responsible Care 
OUR COMMIT NT 0 Su$TANA tnT 
0- 
ARVIND MAFATLAL GROUP 
Te ethics of excellence 
AMIT KUNDAN 
VYAS
Digitally signed by 
AMIT KUNDAN VYAS 
Date: 2025.02.13 
11:42:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14
NOCIL Limited
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call
February 07, 2025
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the
stock exchange on 07th February 2025 will prevail.
   
MANAGEMENT: MR. V.S. ANAND
MANAGING DIRECTOR
NOCIL 
LIMITED
MR. P. SRINIVASAN
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
NOCIL LIMITED
NOCIL LIMITED 
0 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
NOCIL Limited. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.S. Anand, Managing Director from NOCIL Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
V. S. Anand: 
Thank you, and good morning to everyone. I'd like to start by expressing my appreciation for 
your presence here today. Joining me are Mr. P. Srinivasan, our Chief Financial Officer and our 
Investor Relations Advisors from SGA. I hope you have all received our investor presentation. 
If not, it's available on both the stock exchanges and our company website. 
 
To begin with, let me provide an overview of the company's performance for quarter 3 financial 
year '25. During this period, revenue from operations stood at Rs.318 crores, reflecting a 7% 
sequential decline. Volume saw a 10% de-growth compared to the previous quarter due to lower 
demand from customers on account of lower production at their end, coupled with some 
aggressive priced imports as compared to the previous quarter. We see this lower production as 
transitionary and expect demand to pick up in the next few months. 
 
Our prices for the quarter have moved in tandem with raw material prices. We have continued 
to experience intense pricing pressure and product dumping from Chinese, Korean,Thailand and 
EU rubber chemical players, which has had a significant impact on domestic rubber chemical 
prices. The influx of lower-priced imports has created a challenging competitive landscape, 
putting downward pressure on margins and affecting overall market dynamics. 
 
On the export side, the year-on-year growth is encouraging. This is primarily driven by our 
strategic engagement with customers and product approvals, which have expanded our global 
reach and reinforce customer confidence in our offerings. 
 
Coming to our largest and key customer segment, the tire industry. The replacement and export 
demand for the tire industry in India is on a positive trend, but there seems to be a slowdown 
with OEM demand. 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
On the other hand, the expected ramp-up in infrastructure spending is expected to augur well for 
the commercial vehicle sector going ahead, thereby driving demand for tires in both the 
replacement and OEM segments. Natural rubber prices have moderated from the peak in recent 
months, but continue to remain at a higher level compared to the previous year. 
 
In the domestic non-tire sector, our well-penetrated presence continues to drive growth in this 
sector. This is largely driven by the auto components, engineering goods, and other applications. 
Internally, on the operations front, we continue our high focus on operational efficiencies as we 
stabilized our turbine, our cogeneration turbine and enhanced our renewable energy sources. On 
the innovation front, our R&D and application teams are working to innovate value-added 
products for our customers that we look forward to launching soon. 
 
Moving forward, during these challenging times, we continue to focus on the basics and to seek 
and expand our approvals. We see this trough as temporary and are quite positive to get back on 
a volume growth path. We remain focused on strengthening our global presence, deepening 
customer relationships and leveraging our product portfolio and supply reliability to drive 
sustainable growth. 
 
You may also have noted in the investor presentation, the slide on the vision and values, the co-
creation and rejuvenation of our vision and values. This sets the direction of our envisaged future 
and a good balance between continuity and change. That's it from my side. 
 
I now invite Mr. P. Srinivasan to provide an overview of our financial performance. 
P. Srinivasan: 
Thank you, Mr. Anand, and good morning to everyone. So let's run through the consolidated 
financial highlights. On the sales volume front, volume for Q3 FY25 is at 127 index basis, taking 
a base of Q1 FY20 as 100. The volume growth gives us a de-growth of 10%, which was already 
highlighted by Mr. Anand. On the revenue front, the net revenue from operations for Q3 FY25 
stood at Rs.318 crores as compared to Rs.363 crores in Q2 FY25. Sequentially, we lost about 
Rs.45 crores on the revenue front with a combination of de-growth in volumes and some price 
decreases during the quarter 
 
For the 9MFY '25, the net revenue from operations stood at Rs.1,053 crores as against Rs.1,088 
crores in 9MFY24. During this quarter, we tried to adjust the selling prices in commensurate 
with the drop in input prices. So overall, on a net-to-net basis, there was no dip on the value 
addition front per kg. 
 
Volumes for Q3 FY25 grew by 3% year-on-year, but showed a decline of 10% on a quarter-to-
quarter basis. On the 9 months performance, for the 9MFY25, the volumes reflected a growth 
of 7% as compared to 9MFY24. 
 
It's very important to note that on the rubber consumption front globally, we are still seeing a 
de-growth as compared to marginal de-growth as compared to CY23, CY24 shows a marginal 
de-growth. In comparison to that, I think our performance is slightly better. 
 
On operating EBITDA, operating EBITDA for Q3 FY25 stood at Rs.24 crores as against Rs.38 
crores in Q2 FY25 with EBITDA margins at 8% in Q3 FY25. For the 9 months ended December 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
'24, the operating EBITDA stood at Rs.103 crores as against Rs.150 crores compared to the 9 
months of previous year. Margin standing at 10% in 9MFY '25. 
 
On operating profitability, operating PBT for Q3 FY25 stood at Rs.19 crores as compared to 
Rs.32 crores in Q2 FY25. The 9MFY25 operating PBT stood at Rs.88 crores as compared to 
Rs.124 crores in 9MFY24. 
 
On the profit after tax, the profit after tax for Q3 FY25 stood at Rs.13 crores as compared to 
Rs.42 crores for Q2 FY25, primarily in Q2 FY25, there was a  tax credit consequent to the lower 
capital gain tax rates as per the budget announcement during Q2FY25. For the 9MFY25, PAT 
stood at Rs.82 crores as compared to Rs.91 crores for the corresponding 9 months period of 
FY24. 
 
With this, we would like to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Research. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, I have two questions. So first, sir, if you can explain geographically, if we see ex-China, 
how are the various markets in terms of consumption, specifically Europe, Japan, U.S.A., 
Malaysia, Thailand? 
If you can just give a flavor of the consumption basket of antioxidants and accelerators in these 
broader geographies? And also if you can share some thoughts of the available production 
capacity in these regions? And how much of these regions are currently relying on the imports 
of rubber chemicals? 
P. Srinivasan: 
So Nirav, this is Srinivasan here. So if you look at the rubber -- see, rubber chemicals demand 
is derived out of rubber consumption. IRSG, the International Rubber Study Group, releases 
periodical data on a quarterly basis. And from that data, one can understand that 36% of the 
consumption of the world is consumed by China. 12% is done by European Union. 9% is done 
by U.S.A. And India is probably 7.5% to 8%. Japan is 5%. And other markets are much lower. 
 
The key thing is, apart from e India showing a growth in the volume trend when you are looking 
at CY24 data, based on market situation till Jun 24.. We have received the data till June. But if 
you analyze that, India is still showing a growth of 4%, 4.5%. China is relatively lower growth. 
 
China is growing at a slow rate; as compared to CY23, CY24 has been at a slower growth rate. 
India is showing 4%, 4.5%. We don't know what is the data till December, but the trend based 
on January to June indicates that. But other markets are all showing a de-growth. So under the 
circumstances, we see India and probably Southeast Asia, 1 or 2 markets, which have shown a 
positive growth. Rest everyone is flattish or negative growth or de-growth. This is as far as the 
consumption is concerned. 
 
Insofar as the supply is concerned, I think the supply is largely concentrated around China, which 
is 80%. Then the European Union entities who have operations across the world, they contribute 
about maybe 14%, 15%, and the remaining 5%, 6% is supplied by NOCIL. So I think that's what 
we can give. 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, is it safe to assume that? 
P. Srinivasan: 
There are other markets who are supplying, like Korea. There are other players in India or 
European. But we do not have their intermediate manufacturing capability. So therefore, one 
should consider them as influenced by China. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So is it safe to assume that, let's say, out of 10 lakh tonnes of rubber chemical consumption 
globally, U.S. is 90,000 tonnes and they don't have any capacity to produce. So they are relying 
on the imports for their consumption. Is it a safe statement to make, sir? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. Some small production, but largely import. 
P. Srinivasan: 
Largely European domination and then other -- basically European sourcing. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, secondly, like after many quarters, we have seen our volumes dipping and Mr. Anand in his 
opening remarks mentioned that because of the lower production from the customers and also 
the demand was lesser. But we are seeing those volumes again coming back next month, if I 
heard him correctly. So just wanted to understand like in our previous interactions on the 
conference call, you had mentioned that the intent is to grow our volumes quarter-on-quarter. 
And this was the quarter where we have seen a dip in the volume. 
 
So if you can explain like when can we recoup these lost volumes and start growing again, A, 
where we have seen the dip in the volumes, if you can explain between the domestic and the 
export side? And C, given the kind of current situation in terms of the fall in volumes, are we 
doing anything in terms of controlling the cost so that we can save some bit of per kg cost and 
that could improve our EBITDA per kg? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes, Nirav. So let me -- so I think one is, like I mentioned, very clearly, we are to stay on the 
growth path. I see this as a temporary blip. What has happened is, typically, we don't expect this 
kind of production drop in this particular quarter in the way it happened. And so that has had an 
impact from a domestic market point. 
 
Also, there was -- in the international markets, typically, we do see it every year. It's not new. 
It's the year-end where there is usually a lower inventory offtake because of the year-end. It was 
slightly a bit more than we had expected. So these 2 areas did play a role. 
 
I would say also with the aggressive pricing, maybe a little bit of judicious price mix that we 
had to play. We had to kind of hold the pricing to a certain extent. But that, I think, we can 
retrieve. Otherwise, these volumes, we expect to come back in the next quarters. 
 
In terms of growth, I would see that the volumes are expected to come back in all the markets 
that we are focusing on, both domestic as well as international. Surely, as you said, the last part 
of what you said, there are significant initiatives underway. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So my last part was that like given the kind of lower volumes and the pricing pressure from 
probably the countries which are dumping into India and elsewhere. Are we seeing or doing any 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
cost initiatives which could bring down our cost per kg and hence could elevate some bit of 
EBITDA per kg margins? 
V. S. Anand: 
Absolutely. I was just coming to that. In terms of internal initiatives, I just briefly touched upon 
it in terms of operational efficiencies. So there are multipronged efforts. One is also in terms of 
our steam utilization, the steam efficiencies. There are quite a lot of initiatives underway to look 
at our ratios. So that is surely going to bring in some cost element. 
 
We're still yet to see the full kicking in of the turbine as it's kind of stabilizing and getting on 
stream. So that I should see should start giving more benefits going into the next few quarters. 
With the volume increase, there will be operating leverages that will also kick in. And quite a 
few other initiatives also on process yield, et cetera, which we see will also happen in the next 
few quarters. Yes. So there is quite a few initiatives on that front. 
 
So Srini, you'd like to add something else to it? 
P. Srinivasan: 
Nirav, actually, if you see the other expenses and the employee cost, utility, if you take the 
conversion cost, basically, what we are looking at as a number of maybe Rs.350 crores vis-a-vis 
Rs.330 crores or Rs.332 crores. Whereas on the production front, we have seen a growth of 11%, 
which means when your cost is going up -- activity is going up 11%, there are some elements of 
variable cost, which is in there in the conversion cost, which will proportionately grow along 
with the volume. 
 
But what is more important, on the other part, we are trying to control the cost. So overall, if you 
see on a 9 months basis, if I take the other expenditure and aggregate the employee cost, the 
overall growth is about 5.5% or thereabouts. So in a way, the cost cutting or cost rationalization 
measure is already in place, which we can see from the data. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, so to summarize, like if we can infer from the statements being made by you, is it safe to 
assume that the lost volumes in Q3 would be recouped in Q4 and possibly from Q1 we'll again 
start seeing the volume offtake getting higher from the customer? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. So broadly, I would expect volumes to be better going forward. But then yes, exactly how 
much do we recoup in a span of 3 months or 6 months, I think this we will see as we go along. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Dhoot from Dolat Capital. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So need some clarity on your previous answer. So in Q3, despite the moderation in freight costs 
and initiatives around power cost savings and others, which you've been talking for a while, 
we've seen the OpEx to be stable Q-on-Q. That's around Rs.120 crores or so despite the lower 
volumes. So if you could give some color on why we are not seeing, I mean, softening of OpEx? 
And by when can we see this reflecting? 
P. Srinivasan: 
Nitesh, I didn't understand your question. What is this Rs.120 crores, where are you picking up 
from? 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So this is basically, if you see the employee expenses and the other operating expenses for Q3, 
which is at around Rs.118 crores. And even in Q2, the number was around Rs.119 crores. So it's 
broadly the same number, right? But we have a sequential dip in terms of volumes, which is 
what I was referring to. 
P. Srinivasan: 
I think what we're -- you're only looking at the sales volume de-growth, whereas when we look 
at that, we are looking at the activity. So when I'm looking at activities for 9 months, if you see 
the 9 months data, we are under control. And production levels are already high. 
 
And if you see this year, this quarter, our plan already was to produce at a higher rate than the 
Q2 volumes. That was our endeavour. That was the plan, resources committed. And we had to 
do the activity. But unfortunately, the sales volume dipped because of the demand, lower demand 
at the customers' end. And therefore, this has resulted in a higher inventory. So the inventory 
build-up is there. And you can see it from the stock change in the P&L account, which has Rs.21 
crores credit. So that's a clear case where the activity is more than the sales. So I think? 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
I got your point. But sir, this was there in the previous quarter also. So last quarter also you had 
mentioned that there was a higher production. And there was an inventory build-up in Q2 as 
well. And there's not much change on that part. So which is why? 
P. Srinivasan: 
Which means the expenses are already incurred for a higher level of activity. That's where the 
key point which we want to say. What we are trying to say is the expenses -- these expenses, 
operating expenses are based on the manufacturing activity rather than the volume of quantity 
sold. So -- and fixed costs are largely constant in nature. And therefore, we have to keep in mind 
those aspects also. 
 
The variable component will move along with the volume of level of activity. The fixed 
component is almost constant in nature. So when you take the summation of that, this is where 
the number and therefore that we are getting Rs.20 crores credit also in the inventory change. 
 
So fact of the matter is, yes, there is -- activity is higher than the sales and there is inventory 
build-up at the end of December. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
And just -- I mean, so in the previous quarter, I mean, since there was a build-up in the previous 
quarter, which I just referred to. So would it be correct to say that for Q3 production, you're not 
able to take the full advantage of the input cost reduction that happened in Q3? Would that be 
correct to say? 
P. Srinivasan: 
We moderated in such a way that we had to maintain the value addition per kg. That's what we 
did. So we have continued to play this game of judicious mix of volume and pricing. So we used 
that consciously and selectively to ensure that our overall value addition per kg doesn't drop. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
And sir, just one last thing. So on your earlier guidance of a healthy volume growth in this 
current fiscal '25, where are we expected to end the year? That is one. And any early indications 
for FY '26 in terms of volume guidance? That will be all from my side. 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
V. S. Anand: 
So we have given some kind of an indication also in the investor presentation in terms of the 
expected volume growth, which is expected to be at least in the 8% to 10% range. And we hope 
to keep at the same level going into the next year also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Institutional Equity. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, my first question is into the opening remarks. So sir has mentioned that the pricing pressures 
into the domestic market that has impacted the realizations. I believe, sir, last quarter also, we 
had a discussion on the same. And you mentioned that more or less higher pricing pressure was 
largely because of the imports which were happening and that could have been the near bottom. 
 
In this quarter also, sir, like we have witnessed again similar sort of a thing. And that has actually 
impacted your EBITDA per kilo front also. In terms of guidance, sir, what you can give, like is 
this the -- you think like -- so this -- so the pressure would be relieved from here on because the 
cycle has nearly bottomed out? Or you see like this to continue for some few quarters and while 
and as the demand in the international market picks up, then only we could see some uptick. 
Any sort of a broad sense if you can give how things are shaping up? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes, you're right, Aditya. With at least our view at the last call was that we're close to bottoming 
out and we should not see significant further erosion. But it has -- we did see it play out the other 
way that there has been further pressure on prices. 
 
I think this is also a result and outcome of what's really happening in the other markets in terms 
of demand and capacities that have come on stream in the last few years, which is continuing to 
play out. So I would be cautious as far as now looking ahead into the next quarters also, seeing 
that there is still a pressure on prices. 
 
But I see -- I'm kind of looking at it and saying, okay, possibly, it's getting close to the bottom, 
it should not go further. But like I said last quarter, I think I'd like to be cautious this time. But 
that's the way we see it. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, even so sir has alluded to the fact that improvement in some cost control efficiencies 
can have some benefit, but it seems, sir, like the benefit couldn't be that substantial. Eventually, 
it seems like the business effectively has weakened down. Any sense, sir, like how this business 
can like revive to the older levels? Like would it be the imposition of antidumping duty or 
reduction in imports that could benefit or the tire demand globally that should go up? So what 
are the levers like which can change from here on? 
V. S. Anand: 
So one is I was just going to come to that point that you mentioned. So given the fact that we 
see that the bottoming out is also not really kind of happening. There is significant pressure on 
prices. We have also moved on the antidumping duty front. And we have got the investigations 
initiated for a couple of products and then that's quite a bit underway now. 
 
I would see that, on the other hand, the prices also moved with raw material prices corrections. 
And going forward, we see that the market is still in terms of our approvals and what we want 
to take as business, that still is continuous, that's still happening. So that's the positive view on -
- in terms of the opportunity to grow further. Yes. 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, one last question. Sir, in terms of weakening demand, is this also linked to the global rubber 
consumption like which has de-grown by almost 2.5% to 3% for the last 3 years? And now I 
think, sir, global rubber consumption is standing at 2018 levels. Is this also one of the reasons 
why demand has weakened? And how you see this trend to shape up? 
V. S. Anand: 
So it has been -- so I think we saw it go up post-COVID and again come back down. So it's kind 
of like Srini was explaining initially. The growth is really coming from very, very few pockets 
in terms of overall rubber consumption, that's natural plus synthetic put together. 
 
But in the long term, we still see that 2% to 3% growth globally, which was there, which will 
come back, because rubber applications per se continue to hold sway and they will continue to 
be there. So we will see that it should come back to the standard 2% to 3% global growth level, 
I would say. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, when are we expecting the outcome of antidumping duty? 
P. Srinivasan: 
See, the investigation has started as per the law. There is a time of probably 9 to 12 months is 
what they will conclude the investigation. And then thereafter, the recommendations will go. So 
I think it's a matter which subjudice at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gargi Singh, Value Investments. 
Gargi Singh: 
Sir, my first question was that looking at the import data. So in October, there is a significant 
increase in antioxidants imports. So my understanding on the company was that antioxidant is 
our strength. And NOCIL has an advantage with respect to antioxidant products because of the 
backward integration that we have and also better quality over the Chinese. 
 
So last 2 years, the imports were happening mostly in the accelerators. But now there is an 
increase in antioxidants as well, so which indicates that there will be a loss of market share. So 
please help me understand these numbers, sir? I mean what is your take on this? 
V. S. Anand: 
So like I mentioned also on the pricing front and obviously, with antioxidants being the largest 
component in the rubber chemicals. As the prices drop, there is going to be an incentive for 
players domestically to also import to see that the delta in pricing is taken advantage of. In terms 
of quality, I would say, we are comparable. 
 
And when you look at imports from both China and Korea, Korea also coming with very 
aggressive pricing. We see that that is playing out. But it's also kind of at the same time, come 
at a time when the demand -- the production itself has dropped a bit. Yes. And from that point 
of view, I don't see a significant loss in market share. I don't see that. And I think it's a correction 
that's expected to happen again in the next quarter or so. 
Gargi Singh: 
The quality of the products that we are making in antioxidants is comparable with the quality 
that is coming in from the Chinese? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. I wouldn't comment to say that one or the other is superior or inferior. I could say they're 
all comparable. 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Gargi Singh: 
So with the higher-end tire customers like MRF or BKT or other, the higher-end products. So 
these antioxidant products when we supply it will be high-grade tires. So still, sir, even in those 
products, it will be replaceable with the Chinese and Korean? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. So the large share is with all tire customers still continues to be with NOCIL due to the 
supply reliability and the support that we provide at the local level. In terms of what mix they 
use it for, we will not be specifically able to comment there. 
Gargi Singh: 
No, sir. I understand that we have the largest market share. But just wanted to understand with 
respect to the quality perspective, with the higher-grade tires, is the product comparable in the 
antioxidants? 
V. S. Anand: 
So like I said, Gargi, it's also every tire company, the application and the way they use it is quite 
different. So it would be very difficult to kind of generalize to say which of the products they 
use for higher or for lower-end tires. We would not be in a position to comment. 
Gargi Singh: 
Sir, second question was that you mentioned that there is an inventory liquidation happening on 
the tire side. So again, my understanding here was that the -- and tire ancillary companies would 
normally have an understanding of the inventory position and the production schedules of the 
tire companies at least 1 quarter in advance. 
 
So considering that we already had higher inventory in last quarter and we would -- definitely 
would have the production schedules of the tire companies for this quarter as well. So 
considering all these factors, it was surprising that we saw still a higher closing stock for this 
quarter and then the last quarter or for 2 consecutive quarters. Any comments on that? 
P. Srinivasan: 
Gargi, Srinivas here. Actually, please look at the tire company's results, at least 3, 4 of them are 
released. And all of them, if you see in their own income statement, which has been released for 
the quarter, they also have a stock change credit, which means the production is more than the 
demand. 
 
And what is happening is in a situation where the demand is downside and they have -- see, a 
tire company plans its activity in advance. We understand what you're saying 3 months in 
advance, it's very nice, exactly correct. But when they source, they source from multiple sources. 
There could be domestic sources, there could be an import source. 
 
And whenever the production activity is moderated during the quarter because of the demand 
schedule, the way it is operating, the business is operating, the local player will generally suffer 
because the import is already committed. The shipment has already come to the country, he has 
to clear it. So therefore, the domestic suppliers will go through that crisis. Conversely, in a 
situation when the demand suddenly picks up, the domestic player will be the beneficiary. 
Gargi Singh: 
Sir, third and last question, sir. I appreciate how the company is being run both operationally 
and financially. But at the same time, what I wanted to understand from the management team 
is regarding the plans for diversification. So while the efforts have been taken by the company 
to increase share of business with the overseas customers. In this quarter, specifically, we have 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
seen that those efforts are getting nullified due to higher dumping in India. So this issue has been 
there for the last 2 to 3 years. 
 
So on the balance sheet front, we have around Rs.550 crores cash and investments on book. But 
we have not done any product diversification to combat this. So while other chemical companies 
are diversifying and entering into new businesses, where there is high growth potential, this part 
of diversification has not been seen in the company. So what is the plan for diversification and 
utilization of cash to grow the business going forward? 
V. S. Anand: 
So first, let me kind of respond on the rubber chemicals itself. So the rubber chemicals, as you 
have seen that we have also announced investments to further expand our capacities, because 
we see that there is potential and long-term growth possibilities given the market share and the 
market share that we can also gain over a period of time with the China Plus One playing out 
also. So that's on the rubber chemicals. 
 
And we also look at innovating in the rubber chemical space, like I briefly mentioned, looking 
at products that we can add to our portfolio. That is also a work in progress. But also we are 
actively looking at what other areas to look at beyond rubber. So there are some adjacencies that 
we can look at based on similar chemistries or the expertise that we can take into other industries 
that we have in quite a few areas. So both are underway, Gargi. 
 
So I would say, we have been also talking about this in the last couple of years at the call. There 
have been quite a few cases which where we were quite close, but didn't kind of work out the 
way we would like it to. So we're still on it. That's an active process that is underway. 
Gargi Singh: 
Sir, just a follow-up. So -- 4 to 5 years back, we have expanded the capacity. And at that time 
we had projected to reach full utilizations much before than what the current performance is. So 
now with your current guidance to the previous participant, with the current capacity that we 
have, it would take around another 4 years to reach full utilization. 
Still you have planned for Rs.250 crores capex to expand the capacities in the existing products 
itself, wherein we are seeing dumping and also there is an issue in demand from the demand 
front. So is there any plan to defer the capex? Or what is the near-term capital allocation plan 
with respect to that? 
V. S. Anand: 
So while we had also mentioned that the capacity which we mentioned is just for a basket of 
products, yes, and the basket of products are at different utilization levels. So while we have 
mentioned that for some of the products, there still the utilization level has some way to go and 
we will take time to fill it up. Some of the products are already at 95%, 100%, 90%, that range. 
 
So it takes time to bring these capacities on stream. And we feel that there is growth opportunity. 
So only for those specific products, we first start with debottlenecking. We look at what we can 
do to get additional volumes just from that. And only if all those are exhausted, we look at going 
in for brownfield from what we have announced. So it is for that specific product where we are 
already completely out on capacity. 
Gargi Singh: 
And how much would that product contribute to the revenue, sir? 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
V. S. Anand: 
So we haven't announced details of this product as yet in the public domain. We will do that as 
we get closer because the product is getting more on stream only in the second half of next year. 
Gargi Singh: 
So with the current capacity, by when do you expect to reach full utilization? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. Gargi, I'll refrain from giving a certain guidance on this given the uncertain external 
environment. But, yes, I think we should get there in the next short to medium term. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Manulife Mutual Fund. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
I just wanted to check with you like we were believing that a lot of these Japanese tire companies 
were previously buying from China rubber chemicals. And given our capacity additions that and 
they were also looking at China Plus One, we will be one of the biggest beneficiary of the 
alternate sourcing that is being lit up by these Japanese tire companies. 
So in that also there was a lot of activities happening. They were also checking our quality. A 
lot of tests were going on. So in that aspect, what traction had we made into making inroads into 
these Japanese tire companies? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. So it was a bit muffled, but I think I got what you were trying to ask, Renjith. So let me 
give it a shot. So yes, the China Plus One is playing out. It's not limited only to Japanese. I think 
you could broad base it a bit more. And that traction is happening in terms of what I mentioned 
in terms of product site approvals, samples, commercial lots and then larger bulk lots going. And 
that is underway, albeit at a pace, in some cases fast, some cases not so fast. Yes, So it's a mix 
of both, Renjith. Yes. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So what phase are we in some of these customers? Like it takes 6 months to 1 year for them to 
approve our product and then they will start giving us orders. So that we understand that it takes 
almost 1 year. So where are we with these large companies in terms of how many of these 
companies we have -- they have approved our product and they can give us the production order? 
V. S. Anand: 
Quite a few have already begun. It's again, even within the same company, there could be 
products at different stages. Depending on the needs, some of them are prioritized accordingly. 
So some of them have already flowed into the numbers that we see today and some are still on 
the way at different stages. So that's ongoing. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And currently what would be our utilization? And with these companies coming up, how 
confident that we can reach to optimal utilization in how many years so that that will give some 
advantage in terms of our operating leverage? Just wanted to understand that. 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. I think that's clearly our endeavour that the utilization with the volumes and that's why we 
are quite positive that we will stay on the volume growth path. With the pricing situation, it has 
to be a judicious call from a quarter-to-quarter. And so that's the balance we continue to play. I 
think today, we are at about 65% to 70% utilization for the period April to Dec 24 
P. Srinivasan: 
We are at the moment at sub-optimal operating leverage. As we ramp our utilisation, the 
optimisation benefits will start flowing in the operational performance. 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. And we see that we should keep pushing it up from quarter-to-quarter. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
It excluding that Rs.250 crores of additional capacity, right? 
V. S. Anand: 
Sorry, can you repeat the question, please? 
Renjith Sivaram: 
This utilization that you spoke about is excluding that Rs.250 crores. 
V. S. Anand: 
I got what you're asking. Yes is the answer. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So that Rs.250 crores of additional capacity, when it kicks in, there will be further room for 
volume growth, right? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Muskan Rastogi from B&K Securities. 
Muskan Rastogi: 
I wanted to ask U.S. has an ADD on China for rubber chemicals. So with Trump, has the ADD 
been extended on China? And with tariffs on Mexico and Canada, do you see the gain in market 
share in the U.S. market, sir? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. So the ADD is not only limited to China, but a few other countries also that the application 
is for. Yes, so as you know and all of us know that the overall tariffs that were announced in the 
last week, seems to be so dynamic. Some of them do present opportunities which are there. We 
see some inquiries also increasing on that front. But I would really kind of, let's say, keep my 
fingers crossed on how the whole thing develops, Muskan. Yes. But there will be opportunities, 
I at least think. 
Muskan Rastogi: 
Sir, in terms of cost, we are the best when compared to the peers. The power cost is less, 
depreciation is less, interest is less. However, I wish to understand where else do we spend most 
of our time during discussions, Board discussions and internal meetings? Basically, I want to 
understand the future growth and diversification plans that you mentioned one of the 
participants. Apart from that, what else do we discuss in the Board meetings? 
V. S. Anand: 
I think a lot is about -- is clearly how do we expand our market presence. What is it that we need 
in terms of competitiveness and the kind of plants that we operate. I would say there is always 
scope for us to continue to work on operational efficiencies. 
We're also now looking at digitalization to help us in our operations to leverage that more to 
bring in operational efficiencies and improve our cost position. A lot of it is that. And you 
mentioned it to look at what are the areas that we can do beyond rubber. So that's also a 
discussion, Muskan. 
Muskan Rastogi: 
And the last question. What is the delta that NOCIL would have in terms of margins when 
compared to companies that make rubber chemicals who do not make intermediates? 
P. Srinivasan: 
So we don't have data right now. But what -- we can find out. But what we can say is we have 
compared with China Sunsine. China Sunsine with their volume of activity much -- on a much 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
higher scale than NOCIL. And with the subsidy what they are getting from the government on 
their export of rubber chemicals, we can say that our margins per kg is marginally better than 
China Sunsine. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as this was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. V.S. Anand for closing comments. 
V. S. Anand: 
Thank you. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank each one of you for joining the call today. I 
hope we've been able to address all your queries. For any further information, kindly get in touch 
with me or Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you once again 
and have a nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of NOCIL Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
NOCIL LIMITED 
