Ref: SEC/ARIIL/BSE-NSE/2024-25 
 
 
                                 
 
Date: February 10, 2025 
 
To,
The Manager, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Script Code: 513349 
To,
The Manager – Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
Script Code: AJMERA 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed herewith a copy of the Transcript of Earnings Call held on 
February 4, 2025 on the Unaudited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the 
Quarter and Nine Months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The audio / video recording and transcript of the presentation are available on the website of the Company 
viz. www.ajmera.com. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For AJMERA REALTY & INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
NITIN D. BAVISI 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
Encl: As above 
Nitin 
Dineshcha
ndra Bavisi
Digitally signed 
by Nitin 
Dineshchandra 
Bavisi 
Date: 2025.02.10 
14:47:19 +05'30'

BUILT ON TRUST 
“Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY 25 Earnings Conference Call.” 
February 04, 2025 
m! 
"’i 
:\;! 
";Mﬁﬁ' 
o "’l 
) 
BUILT ON TRUST 
MANAGEMENT: 
 MR. DHAVAL AJMERA — DIRECTOR — AJMERA REALTY & 
INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NITIN BAVISI — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER — AJMERA 
REALTY & INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
MS. SONIA AGARWAL — SENIOR MANAGER INVESTOR 
RELATIONS — AJMERA REALTY & INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
Page 1 of 11

Imee” 
Moderator: 
Sonia Agarwal: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Ajmera Realty & Infia India Limited 
February 04, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited Q3 
and 9 Months FY 125 Eamings Conference Call. We have with us today M. Dhaval Ajmera, the 
Dircctor of the company; Mr. Nitin Bavisi, the Chicf Financial Officer; and Ms. Sonia Agarwal, 
the Senior Manager for Investor Relations. 
Please note all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sonia Agarwal. Thak you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Thank you. Good vening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. On behalf of the 
company, I would like to thank you all for participating in Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
Eamnings call for the third quarter of FY '25. The call will commence with the opening remarks 
by Dircctor, Mr. Dhaval Ajmera and will be followed by the business performance discussion 
by our CFO, Mr. Nitin Bavisi. 
We have already shared the operational updates of the quarter in the second week of January 
2025. The investor presentation and the press release based on the financial results adopted by 
the Board have been uploaded on the stock exchange website and can be downloaded from our 
company website. 
Please do note that some of the statements in today's discussion may be forward-looking in 
nature, reflecting the company's outlook and may involve certain risks and uncertaintics that the 
company may face. I would now like to hand over the call to our Dircctor, Mr. Dhaval Ajmera. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Very good evening, everyone. Thank you, and welcome to our imvestors carnings calls. 
I would 
just begin the discussion by sharing the overall scotor updates and thereby taking over to you for 
our company updates as well. 
Just to give you an overall feel about the current residential and the real estate sector and 
especially the residential seotor, itis looking resilient. Market s being very favorable. Economic 
conditions are fine, and there has been an increased preference what we have seen, at least 
especially in citics like Mumbai, Delhi to have larger spaces of homes, and that has been seen a 
great robust response in many of the projects of different developers. 
And obviously, the govemment initiatives of -- are aiming to boosting homeownership and plus 
now this year's budget which is looking positive in temms of the liquidity coming in the market 
with the enhanced capacity for the income tax and ofher bencfits over and above that of the 
increased allocation of money for the PMAY schemes, which further sets a solid foundation for 
a long-term growth in the housing sector. 
Mumbai has been one of the witness for the largest property registrations happening over the 
last 13 years -- has been a very positive trend. And despite being modsrate in certain regions, 
T 
Page 2 of 11

Imee” 
Ajmera Realty & Infia India Limited 
February 04, 2025 
think the overall segment -- overall market remains very buoyant and positive. And we are also 
looking positive in terms of with this current market scenario and looking to attract more 
customers and buyers with our new projeets, which will be coming our way. 
There has been a significant reduction if we see in the unsold inventory overall in the market, 
which has been a healthy balance between supply and demand, while the stable interest rates 
continue to make home loans more accessible to buyers. These factors position cstablished real 
estate players such as oursclves to capitalize on the momentum of the market. 
Additionally, technological innovations are transforming the sector with developers increasingly 
leveraging digital tools for enhanced customer engagement, sales processes, construction and 
every other projects reports, ctestera. With these promising trends and well positions are well 
positioned to scize upeoming opportunitics and continuing delivering sustainable valuc to our 
stakeholders. 
Coming to our project updates and our company updates, I must say I'm very happy that during 
the 9 months period, all our projects have been performing really well. We are increasingly 
closer to our deliveries of many of our projects in the upcoming quarters and which is 
significantly ahead of the RERA timelines given. Manhattan, our flagship project, Ajmera 
Manhattan in Wadala. We are very proud to say that we are 90% of its inventory sold out. And 
as 
a result of this, we are very soon going to launch anew projeet. The approvals are already on its 
place, and we are hoping to get that soon. 
The project s also progressing substantially with both the towers, which is Tower A and Tower 
B at somawhere around 14 and 15 levels of construction after finishing the basements and the 
podiums. The next one is Ajmera Greenfinity, which is also two third sold from its inventory 
and the construction is also progressing well ahead, where we are atabout the seventh level, and 
we have another 22 -- tofal 22 to go. 
Our premium segment, Ajmera Eden in Ghatkopar has been completed with the RCC structure 
and 85% of its inventory is sold. Ajmera Prive, our redevelopment project in Jubu huxury 
redevelopment is progressing rapidly, hoping to complete this project in the couple of quarters 
- next couple of quarters, and we are looking at an advanced delivery of the project and where 
we are already two third of the inventory sold over there. 
Furthermore, our project, Ajmera Vihara in Bhandup which was launched in May 2024, has 
successfully sold more than half 
of its inventory and currently at an encouraging stage to start 
construction and have progressing in construction also significantly well. 
Moving on to Bangalore, our segments of Lugano and Florenza, where the projects are almost 
sold out with a very, very less inventory left. It is expected to be delivered over the next 2 
quarters by quarter 2 of next fiscal year, we are hoping o give the deliveries for the project. 
Page 3 of 11

Imee” 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Ajmera Realty & Infia India Limited 
February 04, 2025 
Ajmera Iris in Bangalore, our recently launched project, where we have sold more than 50% of 
our inventory within 2 months of its launch, and we have also started construction. And we are 
hoping by the time we reach ground level, we should be almost sold out. So that's where we arc 
heading towards the sales in all our projects. 
The first 9 months were very, very promising for us in FY 25, and our recent launches has 
demonstrated strong market acoeptance, underscoring 
the success of our strategies. coupled with 
our business development ficled by heavy cash flow from the recent concluded preferential 
issuc have enabled us to pursuc aggressively growth initiatives and reduce debt in a significant 
way. 
As a result of which we have added about a few projects, which is giving a total GDV of 
INR2,450 crores with an expected sales velocity of one million. This is what has been added 
over the last 9 months. 
Looking ahead, we are well prepared with the launch of our six projects in the next 2 quasters, 
collectively giving us about 1.7 million square feet with 
a GDV of INR 4,300 crores. These 
initiatives position us strongly in the upcoming calendar year, which promises existing growth 
prospects. This is some of our highlights of our company and the scctor. 
Now I would like to hand over to our CFO, who will walk you through the performance 
highlights of the company. Thank you. 
Thank you, everybody, for joining us. Before we move on to the Q&A session, allow me to 
summarize the compelling operational and financial performance we have delivered for quarter 
3 and 9 months FY '25. 
Starting with operational performance for the quarter, our sale arca increased by significant 59% 
Y-o-Y basis, reaching to 165,000 plus square feet. Our sales value saw almost 7% Y-0-Y growih 
totaling to INR 270 crores. Our collections reached INR 167 crores, which is also a 10% Y-o-Y 
inerease, primarily driven by the sustained sales momentum and fast track excoution of the 
projects. 
Adhering 
to the financial numbers, our total revenue stood at INR199 crores. Our EBITDA at 
INR69 crores, reflecting 11% Y-o-Y increase, resulting in EBITDA margin of 35%. Our PAT 
stood at INR33 crores, marking an 11% Y-0-Y increase with PAT margin at 17%. Ajmera 
Greenfinity became the revenue cligible project in this particular quarter 3 FY '25. 
Moving on to our performance for the 9 months ending December 2024. Our sales value reached 
INR830 crores, marking 14% Y-o-Y growth with the sales area touching 4,09,000 plus square 
feet, also up by 14% Y-o-Y basis. Collections stood at INR464 crores, up by 25% Y-o-Y. 
Revenue for this period was INR599 crores, representing 27% increase Y-o-Y basis. 
Our EBITDA was INR200 crores, up by 42% Y-o-Y and an EBITDA margin of 33%. Our PAT 
stood at INR102 crores, increasing 37% Y-o-Y, resulting a PAT margin of 17% and happy to 
Page 4 of 11

Imee” 
Moderator: 
Diit Doshi: 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Dixit 
Doshi: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Dixit Doshi: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Ajmera Realty & Infia India Limited 
February 04, 2025 
bring the fact that during this 9 months, our PAT has almost equalized that of the entire financial 
year of FY 24, 
I'm also pleased to inform you that following our equity raise, the company has successfully 
reduced its debt by about 14% in the last 9 months, amounting to INR107 crores, thercby 
improving the debt-equity ratio to 0.57x:1. 
The weighted average cost of the debt remains stable at about 12.22%. With the OC reccived 
and ongoing project ~ ongoing portfolio, we have now revenue visibility of INR1,700-plus 
crores, Additionally, our projects in launch pipeline are estimated to contribute about INR4,300 
crores. 
So as a result, the total revenue visibility stands stronger than ever at about INR6,000-plus 
crores, The estimated net cash flow pretax post debt from OC received and ongoing projects is 
expected about INR7 14 crores. 
‘With this concise summary of business highlights and financial performance, 
I now invite your 
questions and look forward to further interactions. Thank you. 
First question comes from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors Private 
Limited. 
My first question is regarding the Wadala launch. So by when you are expecting because in 
opening remarks, you mentioned that we are still awaiting some approvals? 
Yes. So approvals are already in place. We've got some approvals. We've already started because 
there are a long list of approvals and some things arc underway. So hopefilly, in the next few 
months, we should be able to launch this project. 
So you expect it in Q4 or it might slip into Q12 
Well, our endeavor is definitely to launch in Q4, and thatis what we are pushing to, just crossing 
fingers that approvals don't take a litfle further away, but we should be able to launch. Right 
now, our all endeavor is to launch this in Q4. 
Okay. My second question is regarding our Kanjurmarg project. So there are 2, 3 questions. So 
firstly, I understand that we have to build the police housing also on that 11 acre where we are 
starting our projects. So how much square feet we will have to build? And what will be the cost 
of that? 
So we have to build around 1.5 lakh square fect roughly, give or take, we have to build and give 
it to them. And that project, overall, our estimation is about INRS0 crores to INRG0 crores on 
construction and ofher approval processes. Plus there will be other costs for infrastructure and 
cverything, which will -- this I'm particularly talking only for the police housing. As far as 
approvals are concemed, we've already got the necessary approvals and construction. We are 
Page 5 of 11

Imee” 
Dixit Doshi: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Dixit Doshi: 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Dixit Doshi: 
Ajmera Realty & Infia India Limited 
February 04, 2025 
awaiting a few final last log of approvals to come in, and we should be able to start that 
construction very soon. 
Okay. Andso inthis 11 acre, we have planned, I think, 4 lakh square fect of our projeet. So apart 
from this police housing, this 4 lakh square fet will be the only project or this will be just Phase 
1? Imean, how much would be available for us to sell in this 11 acre? 
So firstly, it is 7 acres and not 11 acres. That is our thing. We have 11-acre parcel over this side, 
out of which 7 acres we are doing this thing. Andin that 7 acres, we have about 1 million square 
fect of sales coming in overall, out of which the first phase is 4 lakh square fect. And this entire 
1 million square feet is exclusively for us o sell. 
Just to add to your question regarding the cost aspects kind of a thing, it is a 1 million square 
fect and 4 lakh square fect, which is we are endeavoring as a first phase kind of a thing. And 
overall, like we arc looking at a project level retum kind of a thing, almost on the upwards of 
35%. And it will encompass on both the phases, the layout and as well infra and as well the 
police housing, which is the obligations of that particular land parcel is going to be absorbed 
within this 7 acres land parcel. 
Okay. So all the -- after considering you are saying all the cost will 
be upwards of 35% what? 
Yes. That is the project level return, yes. 
Okay. So that 35% you are saying EBITDA margin, right? 
Yes. 
Okay. And so just wanted to understand one thing. So we do track Kanjurmarg's approvals on 
Mumbai DCR website. So I think the last update was on August 2024. Sohow confident we are 
of getting the approvals by Q12 And just wanted to understand, is this the right place o track 
the project? 
So yes, number one, itis the rightplace to track the project. Number fwo, we - see, what happens 
is if you look at the online approval, we will probably see a police housing approval also in place 
and where we got the CC of the project for the police housing seetor per sc. 
Now as far as all our other approvals for our free sale components are concemed, we arc 
finalizing the plan. And also recently, the approvals in terms of the NGT orders and theapprovals 
related to that is which is hindering the progress in terms of approvals, Where we are awaiting 
some clearances to come, and then we can immediately get on to this process. So we are very 
confident that over the next few months, we shall be through with this and we'll get the approvals. 
And one last clarification on this. So in respect - so like this police housing, we have to build, 
but the approvals will not wait for us to complete the police housing project, right? 
Page 6 of 11

Imee” 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Dixit Doshi: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Dixit Doshi: 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Moderator: 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Ajmera Realty & Infia India Limited 
February 04, 2025 
No. Wewill getthe entire approval. Only our OC and a worst-case seenario, if I have not finished 
the police housing, then my OC for the building, that the completion certificate, last occupation 
certificate will be stuck. Otherwise, cverything will be in order. 
Okay. Both things can work parallelly. 
Yes, absolutely. 
Okay. One last question, 
I think in our upcoming project slide, we have removed Yogi Nagar 
project from Q2. So if you can just update on that. 
So we -- there are certain internal hurdles which are coming for that project with related to the 
consensus coming from all the socistics, stestera. So we just thought that till the time everyone 
is in one order and place where they are -~ majority of them are - soWwe are not -- we've removed 
it right now, but we will - we are very confident in the next few quarters, it will come back. 
The next question comes from the line of Saurabh Sadhwani from Sahasrar Capital. 
So continuing on the Kanjurmarg project. So we have any update on the launch. You said that 
you would be able to do it in a few months. So why - not why, butis there any ofher hindrance 
apart from the approvals? 
No, absolutely not. If you see the approval process is also not in hindrance. There is a process 
which we need to follow. As I said that there is a reservation of police housing in that plot and 
we've already got the CC for that - the commencement certificate for that police housing. So 
that one stage of approval is done. 
Now the next stage of approval is the approvals of our plans in terms of for which we require fo 
gt environment clearances and stcetera, where we've already applied. We've got the first level 
cleared. Now we have to o the second level clearances and all the other minor, minor processes. 
Soit's - what do you call, if's a process which we've started. And usually, this takes about 5, 6 
months to complete, and that's where we ar. 
Okay. So we could expect a launch in Q1 of FY 26, right? 
We arc envisaging that. 
Okay. And sir, about the land deal in South Murmbai,is there any update on that? 
Nothing as of now. We are still working on that process to get some offers on the table, while 
discussions are on, but nothing very concrcte. 
Somay Lask why the progress isa 
little slow on that front? 
Well, we've not honestly pushed out to complete because if we don't get the kind of offer what 
we want, we do not want to just go ahead and sell it. But we are progressinga 
little slow. Imean, 
Page 7 of 11

Imee” 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Moderator: 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Darshil Jhaveri 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Ajmera Realty & Infia India Limited 
February 04, 2025 
not slow, but we are not pushing it because our cash flows are not dependent on that sale, but 
we have other --we have been able to leverage our cash flows in terms of our loans being diluted 
to a great cxtent. So we are not like heavily dependent on this. If we get the right value, we scll. 
Otherwise, we'll hold it. 
And sir, for the whole year, I think the launch that you had expected were around INR4,200 
e 
es. 
Yes. 
So what is the update? And what is next in that? 
So that launch pipeline remains the same. We have, in fact, increased now to INR4,300 crores 
as an overall thing. And the progress for these launches are currently underway, where, as Isaid, 
a lot of approvals are under process. In the next few months, maybe this quarter and the coming 
quarter, we'll have all these launches coming in what you call the system. 
Sossis, for clarity, this INR4,300 crores were -- was the plan for FY 125 or calendar 25 
Sowe have given the quarter of the guidance kind of a thing, quarter 4 FY 25, which is the 2 
projects and happy to bring the fact that Lakeside Paradise being thenew entrant in this particular 
launch list and for which we have already received 
the RERA certificate and which is going to 
be the event of this current quarter, March '25. And Wadala, we are very aggressively working 
to bring it within the March timelines. And rest of the 4 projects are very much within the quarter 
1 FY 26, which is by June 25. 
So given all this, you maintain the INR1,350 crores presales guideline for FY 257 
Yes. 
The next question comes from the line of Darshil Jhaveri with Crown Capital. 
Sir, just wanted to know that right now, like we are near our FY 25 guidance. So I just want to 
know any guidance you want to give for FY 126 in terms of presales or sales volume that we are 
planning? 
Well, not so soon. We are working on those numbers right now. And we arc as excited as you 
are, but we will come back to you towards the end of the financial year, and we'll give you the 
exact numbers. 
Okay. Fair cnough, sir. And just wanted to also ask a bit about how do you sec the Mumbai real 
cstate market currently, like just any sort of challenges that we sce or slowdown? Or how do we 
just see the market currently in the near term? 
Sce, personally, if you ask me, if you look at our projects where we have launched in the Mumbai 
market, we are not secing slowdown. If T have to just give you an overall perspective, we have 
Page 8 of 11

Imee” 
Moderator: 
TT Patel: 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Moderator: 
Rajiv Pathak: 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Rajiv Pathak: 
Ajmera Realty & Infia India Limited 
February 04, 2025 
seen numbers in terms of sales velocity being good, decent enough for us to continue with our 
sales progress. 
Number two, if I have to give you an overall perspective also, maybe people over the last 
probably December, mid to now were a little cautious in terms of the way the stock market was 
also behaving and also overall sentiments of the market. That's why they were cautious. But still, 
we were secing volumes happening. Thatis why it is evident from the registration number, which 
has come out by the government, highest cver in January. 
And now what I se is with the budget and the liquidity of the income tax availability now, which 
is up to INR12 lakhs, I think this will be a great boost in liquidity. And hoping the new RBI 
policy or the rates should be - there should be a dip in that. This will also bring in a better 
liquidity in the market. 
So I think overall, sentiments are positive. People were a lttle bit cautious, but my sense s that 
it's just a temporary thing. But otherwise, with all these factors coming in, I think the market 
wil still continue to have good numbers. 
The next question comes from the line of TT Patel, who is an investor. 
Congrats on the set of mmbers you've achieved for the preceding months. The focus of my 
question is on the redevelopment project you are undertaking jointly with Rustomiee. I fust 
wanted to know if the launch for that project is on track as committed in the last mesting. 
Yes. We are underway of the basic approval for the project. Partly, we've already got, part is 
under progress right now and our endeavour is to launch this by the first quarter of next financial 
year, that is FY '26. So between, let's say, April to June is what we endeavour to launch this 
project. 
The next question comes from the line of Raji Pathak from GeeCee Holdings. 
Just one follow-up on the presales guidance that you reiterated. So this INR1,350 crores of FY 
25 presales, how much could that translate into the top line revenue and the EBITDA for the 
full year, if you can just guide us for that? 
So typically, our sense that the presale numbers having achieved the 25% progress on the project 
on the cost spending basis and all other critical approvals and other conditionalities for the 
project to become revenue cligible. So typically, like it takes almost 4 to 5 quarters and then 
after it becomes cligible. 
And depends on the specific nature of the cost spending kind of a thing, if there is too much of 
the cost spending on the approvals and something of that, which is front-loaded kind of a thing, 
this process becomes very accelerated one kind of thing. So having those conditionalities met 
and the project becomes cligible for the revenue recognition. 
Okay. And we'll be able to maintain this 33%, 34% kind of the EBITDA margins, right? 
Page 9 of 11

Imee” 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Moderator: 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Moderator: 
Dixit Doshi: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Ajmera Realty & Infia India Limited 
February 04, 2025 
Yes, because like we have been having the good sales run-up kind of a thing, faster exceution of 
the projects, plus the recent equity, which is raised kind of a thing on which we have delevered 
our balance sheet kind of a thing. Those factors are like helping us to go further more cfficient. 
And we expect that on a going forward basis also, margin is sustainable. 
The next question comes from the line of Saurabh Sadhwani from Sahasrar Capital. 
Sir, just one clarity on the Kanjurmarg project. So I believe you started working on that project 
2 quarters ago. Is that correct? 
So we are doing all the infra-related work, and that is what we've started, not linked with the 
construction per se of the buildings, thats not what we started, but related to land where some 
roads arc to be laid or boundaries are to be fixated, all those basic preparations of the work 
because the land being so large, you need at least 6 to 8 months for it to come to some basic 
thing. 
So that's what we've already started, and we've reached to a significant level. I think those will 
be ongoing processes for the land to have proper layouts and roads, ctectera, which we are doing 
currently. 
Sir, was it not possible to apply for the approvals while doing that infrastructure? 
Of course, it is possible, and that is what we've done. But there were certain hindrances in the 
approvals related to the authority like the recent - there was, if you know, the NGT order, which 
had stayed the approvals related to the environment clcarances. 
And that is why we were not able to put up the processes - put up the files for approvals in any 
of these projects because somewhere it was in their definition, we would not be able to apply. 
So it's a little technical work. Thankfully, that has just got resolved recently as of 2 days ago, 
and we will now put up for our environment clearances. 
The next question comes from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors 
Private Limited. 
Sir, any update you want to share on the land which we have demerged for the Wadala where 
we arc planning something commercial? 
So our planning on the back end is already on, and we should be able to finalize all our planning 
for those projects now. But at the same time, we arc also speaking to a few partners who are 
interested into joint hands. So we arc just waiting some tic-ups to happen soon, and then we'll 
take this up. 
As far as the approvals and all those are concerned, it is a matter of time. If's not something 
which is going to - 
I mean, obviously, it will take its requisitc time, which is required about 5, 
6 months but that's 
a matter of process. But at the same time, there are a few partners with whom 
Page 10 of 11

Imee” 
Dixit Doshi: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Dixit Doshi: 
Dhaval Ajmer 
Dixit Doshi: 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Moderator: 
Moderator: 
Ajmera Realty & Infia India Limited 
February 04, 2025 
we are speaking to are interested in doing a JV, all that process. If we get something in hand, 
we'll o it. Otherwise, we'll take this up in our own hand and start the construction. 
Okay. But there is nothing like since we arc launching aresidential in Wadala, so we'll not wait 
for that project to get success, like this is a different thing. 
No. This is absolutely different than that, We will be having 2, 3 projects parallelly working. So 
that has got no relation with residential or this. 
Okay. And I think we have started some soft calls to the customers for the upcoming Wadala 
project. So if you can just broadly mention how s the response we are getting for a prelaunch? 
Well, we're just calling our customers right now to have - because with the kind of databasc 
what we have and people inquiring, we just tell them that we are coming up with an upcoming 
project very soon, if you would 
be interested. Imean, we can't officially - we can't do it because 
we don't have RERA. But what we try to do is just get their interest in align for the project. And 
once we know that these are very list of hot customers, which we can immediately target the 
moment I have RERA. So that's something what we are doing currently. 
And how is the response? 
Response has been fairly good. We are hoping to -~ our endeavour is to clock good numbers 
when we have RERA in hand. They have been pretty strong and looking at having bookings 
done the moment we have all the requisite approvals. So we are also awaiting. But overall, there 
has been a good demand, and it looks great in the coming quarters. 
Ladics and gentlemen, as there arc no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Nitin Bavisi for closing comments. 
Thank you, everybody, for your very active participation, and we look forward to interactions 
further with one of you. Until then, stay safe, stay healthy. Thank you. 
Thank you. On behalf 
of Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 11 of 11
