 
 
Ref: ADL/SE/2024-25/129 
        February 4, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
BSE CODE – 524348 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
NSE SYMBOL: AARTIDRUGS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
     
Sub:  Transcript of Q3 FY25 Earning Conference Call  
Please find attached herewith transcript of Q3 FY25 Earning Conference call. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
FOR AARTI DRUGS LIMITED 
  
 
RUSHIKESH DEOLE  
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
ICSI M.No.: F12932 
 
 
RUSHIKESH 
VIVEK DEOLE
Digitally signed by RUSHIKESH VIVEK DEOLE 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=421301, st=MAHARASHTRA, street=THANE, l=THANE, 
o=Personal, 
serialNumber=9b60f64457feab7f455d17463ebe710861bf01b575f6fc048448
3273dabfc17f, pseudonym=4f2ca420db024756817276715a8b594b, 
2.5.4.20=76af11ab2ea790a8aec8b0d90f9da6fdb715f5b922a7af009bb3f93dc
014e116, email=RUSHIKESH.DEOLE@AARTIDRUGS.COM, cn=RUSHIKESH 
VIVEK DEOLE 
Date: 2025.02.04 22:21:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“Aarti Drugs Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 30th January 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Adhish P. Patil – Chief Operating Officer & Chief Financial Officer, Aarti Drugs Limited 
Mr. Harshit M. Savla – Joint Managing Director – Aarti Drugs Limited 
Mr. Harit P. Shah – Whole-Time Director, Aarti Drugs Limited 
 
Mr. Vishwa H. Savla – Managing Director, Pinnacle Life Science Private Limited 
SGA, Investor Relations Advisor – Aarti Drugs Limited 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Aarti Drugs Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Adhish Patil, COO and CFO, Aarti Drugs Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Adhish Patil: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to present our earnings conference 
call of Aarti Drugs Limited. On this call, we are joined by Mr. Harshit Savla, Joint Managing 
Director; Mr. Harit Shah, Whole-Time Director of Aarti Drugs Limited; and Mr. Vishwa 
Savla, Managing Director of Pinnacle Life Science Private Limited; and SGA, our Investor 
Relations Advisors. 
 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the financial results, press release  and 
investor presentation, which we have uploaded on the stock exchange and on our company's 
website. We are pleased to announce that Aarti Drugs has recently received approval following 
a successful inspection by the US FDA plant -- by the US FDA authorities at its API 
manufacturing facility located at plot number E22, Tarapur Maharashtra. 
 
Now the company is in receipt of the Establishment Inspection Report, also known as EIR. 
EIR is a report, which includes details of audit terms. Due to this, company can now export 
products -- its API products such as Ciprofloxacin HCL, Zolpidem Tartrate, Raloxifene HCL, 
Celecoxib, Niacin in the US market in coming years. 
 
This milestone underscores the company's commitment to maintaining high standards in its 
manufacturing operations. Additionally, we are excited to share that Aarti Drugs has entered 
into a share subscription and shareholders agreement with Prozeal Green Power Private 
Limited and Pro-Zeal Green Power Six Private Limited a special purpose vehicle. The 
initiative is aligned with the company's commitment to green energy and optimizing energy 
cost. 
 
As part of this agreement, Aarti Drugs will acquire at least a 26.25% equity stake in the SPV in 
compliance with applicable electricity laws. The SPV is formed for developing, constructing, 
operating and maintaining a solar power plant for captive consumption by the company. 
 
This solar plant will give us approximately 8.9 million renewable units per annum, and it is 
expected to commence the operation by end of H1 FY '26. This can result to a full year annual 
saving of around INR3.6 crores for our Gujarat plant. This initiative will reduce around 1,000 
tons of carbon dioxide emissions due to use of renewable energy. Company remains 
committed to further take up more such initiatives in near future. 
 
Also, we are delighted to share that our EcoVadis assessment score for current year is 69, 89th 
percentile globally, and we have fully secured the silver medal for the company as a whole, 
covering all the locations. The EcoVadis platform helps to manage ESG risk and compliance, 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
meet corporate sustainability goals and drive impact at scale. This should also help the 
company in marketing its products in highly regulated markets like Europe and US 
 
Coming to the financial performance for Q3 FY '25, the company reported a revenue of 
INR568 crores compared to INR607 crores, reflecting a slight decline of 6%. This is mainly 
due to reduced market prices and weaker demand in Formulation segment and Antibiotics API 
segment. Although prices remained stable during the December quarter, there was a slight 
negative price variance when compared to same period last year. 
 
Despite this reduction in revenue, the gross profit increased by 7%, reaching INR207 crores up 
from INR202 crores. Formulation revenue for the quarter stood at INR48.6 crores with 47% of 
its revenue coming from exports. We are focused on strengthening our export-driven growth 
while managing the domestic performance. 
 
Now coming back to API segment, the greenfield project at Sayakha, Gujarat for Specialty 
Chemicals, which is also related to the backward integration, will commence trial production 
in this quarter, most probably in the month of February itself. With this, the operating leverage 
is expected to kick in from the subsequent quarter with improved capacity utilization. This will 
also help us in improving our gross margins. 
 
There had been certain teething issues in Tarapur greenfield project, which are sorted now, and 
we expect to ramp up the production to 500-plus tons per month by end of March '25. In total, 
we will have a sequential ramp-up of capacity of 1,600 metric tons per month by end of FY 
'26. We are further enhancing our formulation capability with the addition of capex by 
updating facility by the end of this financial year, which will broaden our market reach and 
product diversity. 
 
Over the years, we have dedicated our efforts in developing niche capabilities by leveraging 
our expertise and innovative approach. Through continuous research and development, we 
strive to stay ahead of the curve, pushing boundaries and setting new standards for product 
innovation in our segment. During 9 months FY '25, the company incurred capex of INR136 
crores, mainly towards capacity expansion, backward integration and new product launches. 
 
We anticipate a total capex of around INR200 crores for the full year. This capex would be 
mainly through internal accruals and partly through term loans. By controlling the entire 
supply chain from raw materials to finished goods, we significantly reduced our reliance on 
external vendors. This integration allows us to maintain strict quality control at every stage of 
production, ensuring that we consistently meet the highest standards. 
 
Although we are currently dealing with some short-term challenges, our focus remains on our 
long-term growth. We are optimistic that our ability to achieve strong double-digit growth in 
revenues in the coming years. For FY '26, we are aiming for EBITDA margins between 13% 
and 14%, which highlights our commitment to maintaining financial health and enhancing 
operational efficiency. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
Despite API pricing pressures driven by fluctuating raw materials, heightened competition and 
regulatory demands in global markets, we remain committed to achieving growth and 
profitability by enhancing operational efficiencies and expanding our market presence in 
regulated markets. We are dedicated to tackling these challenges and emerging stronger in the 
future. 
 
With this, we can now begin question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Congratulations for getting the US FDA approval for our API plant. So my first question is on 
this -- the approval and the kind of opportunity this opens up for us. So Adhish, if you can talk 
about how much revenue we can generate post this US FDA approval from this plant? And 
how do you see the US market opening up for us? What are the plans to go there? What kind 
of margin improvements we can see from -- once we start production from this plant and sell 
in the US market? 
Adhish Patil: 
So our current US FDA plant has two main production lines. And in addition to that, it has one 
small pilot scale line for niche means high-value and low-volume APIs. Now if we go to the 
full potential of the plant, we can reach to INR70 crores to INR80 crores per annum. But 
having said that, we had actually, in past, plans to further expand our US FDA block. And we 
had, in fact, put up 1 building, but we halted that capex because we received warning letter 
back then. 
 
So two more big production plants can come in. So with that, probably we can double the 
current potential of INR70 crores to INR80 crores per annum. However, the margins from this 
plant would be quite different from what we make in rest of the units. 
 
In fact, when US FDA import alert struck us, the product, which we were selling in the US 
market through this facility was having EBITDA in almost, you can say late 30s EBITDA 
margin. So we can at least expect 30-plus EBITDA margins coming from this facility. Yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes. But, Adhish, the market has -- even the regulated markets for the products that we do 
have become more competitive now. There have been more players, which have gone into and 
the kind of product that we manufacture currently seem to be relatively pretty competitive kind 
of products. So when we had US FDA approval, the times -- like the times have changed 
significantly now. So do you think 30% plus kind of margins from this plant is possible even 
currently? Or... 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. Actually, it is quite possible because when it comes to API manufacturing facilities for 
US FDA, so there are very limited facilities which manufacture APIs for US FDA. In 
Formulation, it might be slightly different, but in API space -- and the main trick is to 
manufacture that product year-round. Means if there are more changeovers in the plant, 
obviously, the EBITDA margins get a hit because of changeover. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
It takes a lot of time and you lose around 14, 15 days for each changeover in terms of capacity. 
So the key would be to keep 1 product in 1 production line and try to run it as maximum as 
possible. And if we are able to do that, I think 30-plus EBITDA margins should be fairly 
achievable based on what prices we observe for the APIs. Even in the European markets, the 
price is quite high. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Which products do we plan to manufacture here in this plant? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So there are certain products where we already have US DMFs. Obviously, now there 
will be more queries from US to update the DMFs now that the plant is under AI status. So we 
-- in fact, we have received a few queries and we have been responding to them. So we hope 
that these old products, if you can run them for a maximum period of time without changeover, 
then it should get us that 30-plus EBITDA margin in that plant. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. But when do you start selling to the US market post operation of the DMF from here? 
Adhish Patil: 
Sorry? 
Ankit Gupta: 
When do you -- like can we start immediately with the approval... 
Adhish Patil: 
Okay. Understood. So first market, I think, which shall open up should be the European 
markets for us because we had import alert from that facility. Even though we had EDPM 
approval, we were not able to sell even in the European markets. So I think the first faster will 
be in European markets and then US markets as well. But as you correctly pointed out that 
because this is a highly regulated market, the gestation period is higher. So the meaningful 
contribution may not come from FY '26 itself. Probably it will start flowing-in in FY '27. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And on the other markets that we do in our segment, so how is the market scenario 
currently? Now you have mentioned about the price pressure continuing, although there is 
some stability in this quarter. But even on a Y-o-Y basis, we have seen, as you have mentioned 
in the press release and presentation that the pricing pressure on a Y-o-Y basis continues. 
 
So if you can talk about how is the scenario in the market currently for the markets we cater to 
domestic as well as unregulated markets? And how do you see this scenario panning out for us 
in next year, although you have mentioned that we should improve our margins to 13%, 14%. 
If you can talk about the industry landscape currently and competitiveness? 
Adhish Patil: 
So first, let's talk about the December quarter, which went by. So in the December quarter, on 
a Y-o-Y basis, we have seen a price decline of only around 2% to 2.5% on an average basis. 
So it is not that much. It was expected by us that on a Y-o-Y basis, the price negative variation 
should decrease because the decline in the prices had started back in December '23 itself. So -- 
and the current prices, quarter-on-quarter prices, they have seen a similar trend. 
 
It's only a couple of percent we have seen, the prices have gone down. In fact, in certain 
products, the prices have gone up as well depending upon the raw material scenario. So what 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
we see now is that further price decline should not be there. In fact, it is not there in last 
quarter as well means throughout the 3 months, I'm saying. 
 
And if at all, if the crude starts going up, probably because of the Russian sanctions or 
whatever, in case it goes up, the prices of API might, in fact, see an upward trajectory. But 
even if it stays stable and, in fact, I would say that if it stays stable, it is good for us. There 
should be gross margin unlocking, which might take in coming quarters purely because in a 
falling trend, because we carry an inventory of around 90 to 100 days and we do FIFO basis 
for accounting, it always impacts our P&L in the falling raw material as well as selling price 
scenario. So now that it has stabilized, I think, the margin -- gross margin should in fact 
improve on a sequential basis. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And 1 question on the medium to long-term basis. With the US FDA approval and our 
Specialty Chemical plant commencing operations hopefully in this quarter. And over the next 
2, 3 years, given how the pricing pressure is currently and let's say, the prices remain for the 
APIs, our products and Specialty Chemical remains around that, 2, 3 years down the line, how 
do you see the revenue and the margins standing out for us, let's say, in '27, '28? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So the revenue guidance, what we had given, obviously, we revised it down in last 
quarter because of the fallen prices to say, roughly around INR4,000 crores of revenue on a 
consol basis is still achievable in 3 years' time. But as far as margins are concerned, what -- 
see, we can say that if the situation what is there now, if it remains like that for next 2 to 3 
years, we should definitely start inching towards 15% EBITDA margins, frankly speaking. 
 
Now we are basing that estimate based on a few factors like one is backward integration, as we 
pointed out in the Specialty plant in Sayakha. Second is the higher utilization of the capacities 
of the second greenfield project, that is the salicylic acid. That should give us a positive impact 
on the gross margins and EBITDA margins. 
 
And thirdly, based on the regulatory approvals, which we have got. Means US FDA apart, we 
have also got EDPM approvals for such products. And also recently, we were inspected by 
ANVISA, the Brazilian authority. A few of them were the renewal. So that is okay. But one 
was related to the antifungal product of ours, which was the first time. So that -- it has a big 
market in Brazil, so that will also help us grow more and more in higher-margin markets. So 
based on all these factors, we feel that we should inch towards that 15% EBITDA margins in 2 
years' time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Congratulations for US FDA approval. So my question is, if I go back in the history of the 
company, when we were making this 33%, 34%, 35% gross margin, at one point in time till 
2015, '16, we were making 14%, 15% EBITDA margin. While we are now with 66% material 
cost, which is 34% gross margin, we are now making 12% EBITDA margin with much higher 
revenue. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
 
So do you think this is because of the under absorption of the cost from the newer facilities and 
operating leverage itself is good enough to take margin to 14%, 15% even without any 
improvement in gross margin that you are alluding to. So any thoughts on that? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. It's an interesting question and nice observation actually. So yes, what you say is correct. 
We had last year, since the beginning of the year itself, we start this current year FY '25, we 
started with the greenfield project of salicylic acid. And frankly speaking, it caused quite a bit 
of drag as far as profitability is concerned. If you talk about EBITDA level, I can say at least a 
percent of drag it might have created had it been properly utilized. 
 
And along with that there are certain products. There are certain products, which we have 
scaled up in terms of market share, but we haven't really put the most efficient process at the 
plant scale. And there are plans means we have already means done the R&D, made the 
process ready. 
 
So we'll be going with small brown -- not -- I won't say brownfield expansion, but it's more 
related to the modification. Some brownfield capex would be there, mainly to the gross 
contribution profile of certain antibiotic products where we are strong in terms of market share, 
but we are not that strong in terms of profitability. So I think with those few changes, the 
profitability will be right on track with a higher utilization of the greenfield facilities, which 
have come up online and with a few tweaks in the processes of -- in antibiotic space. 
 
And in last particular quarter, our Formulation segment also did not do well, which have 
created further a bit of drag in terms of EBITDA margin, but that is related to the December 
quarter. Perhaps for the coming quarter, Vishwa, are you online? 
Vishwa Savla: 
Yes, yes, I am online. 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. Can you explain the -- from the recent...? 
Vishwa Savla: 
Sure. So for the current quarter, basically, we had a lower sales both -- specifically in the 
domestic market and also in some of the international markets, we had slightly lower sales. 
However, going forward over the next 2 quarters, we have a strong order book. So we will be 
seeing a good growth, especially in the export segment. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So essentially, so I think our Formulation segment was close to INR300-odd crores, if I 
understand correctly. So how do -- how should we look at Formulation segment both in terms 
of top line and margins, going forward? 
Vishwa Savla: 
Yes. So in the very short term in the next coming quarter, we are expecting a flattish growth. 
But over the next -- for the next financial year, we have pressed up our capacities. So we 
recently completed a brownfield expansion in the Formulation segment, which has added 
about 30% additional capacities, for which revenues will start kicking in from Q1. And we 
have also received the U.K. MHRA and the US FDA approvals for the formulation plant over 
the last few quarters. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
 
And we are also expecting to launch a few products -- a few new products from that side. So 
considering all of that we are set for a higher growth with the added capacities and new 
products and the shift of revenue more from the domestic segment, which is CMO to the 
international market, we would also see a considerable improvement in the EBITDA. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. One last question, and I'll come back in the queue. So another question, Adhish, is that, 
let's say, next year, we are expecting a decent growth and that I assume it is based on -- there is 
no negative rate variance that we are kind of factoring in that number. So with this new 
capacity coming in and no negative rate variance, can we look at 20% plus kind of a volume 
growth next year? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So volume growth, we will definitely try for 15% to 20%, no doubt about that. We'll try 
to -- with the help of salicylic acid, I hope we'll get to those numbers. However, as far as the 
negative rate variance is concerned, what I see is, if you see current year on a sequential basis, 
quarter-on-quarter, so June quarter, then September and then December, I think, there was -- in 
total, the way we started the quarter and where we are right now, we have seen some 5% to 7% 
price drop in the current financial year itself. 
 
Now it is not dropping December onwards. But so let's say, 6% and for half year, so probably 
3% -- 2% to 3% on entire yearly basis, there might be a negative rate variance for FY '26. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. So essentially, then we are looking at, let's say, 15%, 20% volume growth and 2%, 3% 
negative rate variance, then you're looking at 15% value growth over the next year. Is that how 
we should look with much better margins? 
Adhish Patil: 
Right, right. Correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Just a bookkeeping question on the other expenses. This quarter, it seems to be pretty high 
compared to the -- on a Y-o-Y basis, if I just compare. Is it that it is taking up all the new 
facility cost also or there are more to come yet? Is this a new base that is what need to be 
understood from a quarter-to-quarter perspective? 
Adhish Patil: 
Actually, this year -- sorry, this quarter, we have additionally provided around 1 Cr. of 
doubtful debts. So there was a slight bump because of that. And certain cost was related to the 
CPHI fares, which took place in the quarter of December and because of the Diwali expenses. 
So because of that there was slightly higher other expenses in this quarter. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
So these are nonrecurring in nature, you mean? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And the cost -- the fixed cost related to the newer facilities of the two greenfield 
facilities, that cost is expected to come in the coming quarters or it's already been expended? 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So, for the first greenfield projects, which was in Tarapur, so that we have done put to 
use. So, all those costs are being expensed out, including the interest as well as depreciation as 
well for the first greenfield project. For the second greenfield project, where the trial 
production will be starting now, once the trial production is successful, once we are sure that, 
at plant level, there are no teething issues, then immediately we'll do. And then after that, the 
additional cost of the second greenfield projects will start coming in. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Understood. And your Specialty segment quarter-on-quarter has improved. This is basically 
from the existing products only or from the new brownfield plant or from the new Sayakha 
plant, if you can elaborate on that part? And how should we see the Specialty segment 
revenues in quarter 4 as well as in FY '26? 
Adhish Patil: 
So the second revenues mainly was because of the campaign-based products. There are certain 
products, which are old, old products itself, but there are campaign-based requirement. So that 
is why this last quarter, we did well. Having said that, the chlorosulfonation line expansion, 
what we had done, actually, there was -- there is a slight update in that. 
 
So we were planning to have that 300, 400 tons per month capacity with a different continuous 
process. However, what we have seen is that in that -- because of that new process, the quality 
of that particular raw material is causing lower rates in the derivatives. So because of that, the 
acceptability in the market of that product may not be high with that -- the newer process. 
 
So that is the reason why we have taken a call to roll back that process to the old one where, in 
fact, last 9 months, we have been suffering losses because of the quality issues for that 
chlorosulfonation -- the newer chlorosulfonation line, which has been rolled back. And now all 
those losses have been already curtailed. In fact, now it is running more efficiently with -- in a 
batch format. 
 
So there will be slight improvement in gross margins on the immediate basis from March 
quarter onwards. But as we scale up that with the old process, the margin should improve. And 
we are taking steps to increase that capacity to the original planned levels with the older 
process as well. That might take some time, means 3, 4 months to come up with that capacity. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
So, the brownfield plant for the chlorosulfonation line, that is rolled back? And is it going to 
start again or you might look at Dahej greenfield plant for this chlorosulfonation line? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So that -- it was some 300 to 400 tons per month. So it has been rolled back to 100 tons 
per month. And now it is operational at 100 tons per month as of now, but we will be again... 
Rashmi Shetty: 
This will be continued, right? At 100 tons, it will be continued at the same capacity? 
Adhish Patil: 
So this is a new fresh plant we are talking about. So it will continue with 100 tons and not with 
that 300, 400 tons. But anyways, we never reached that mark. We were operating that plant 
only at 40 to 50 tons per month. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Got it. So just to understand, this quarter was mainly driven by the ex sulfonation products and 
you are expecting similar sort of revenues in quarter 4 also? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. More or less, that should be a correct way to look at it. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And any plans for your greenfield project for chlorosulfonation line at Dahej, anything 
which you are planning or it will get further delayed? 
Adhish Patil: 
No. So that project is almost done. So we are starting -- we also -- we got all the necessary 
permissions, pertinent permission and the exclusive permission. In fact, that was the main 
reason for a bit of delay, but we got all that. We also procured the raw materials. So anytime 
soon, we will be starting the trial production in that plant. Very soon, means... 
Rashmi Shetty: 
In the Dahej plant, you meant? 
Adhish Patil: 
No, this is the Sayakha plant. Dahej plot, we haven't started the project yet. We have the land 
parcels, but we haven't started a project yet in Dahej. What I was talking about was of 
Sayakha, which is again... 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. So just to clarify, Sayakha is ex chlorosulfonation product, right? And Dahej... 
Adhish Patil: 
No, Sayakha one is mainly for backward integration for antidiabetic line. And along with that, 
it will have, which I can say, by-products, which will be spec chem products, which we'll be 
selling outside. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Got it. So basically, we just have 1 new line of chlorosulfonation only that which is a 
brownfield plant, right? 
Adhish Patil: 
That is in Tarapur, correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
I have a question on the Slide number 33 where you have mentioned that product under 
development on the product under pipeline. So can you just explain which products you are 
planning to launch maybe 15 months from now or maybe by end of FY '26? This is my first 
question. 
Adhish Patil: 
Okay. So Vishwa, would you like to highlight on the formulation part? 
Vishwa Savla: 
Sorry, I was disconnected. I just joined back. 
Adhish Patil: 
So what they want to know is what products are we planning to launch in the next 15 months, 
1 to 2 years? 
Vishwa Savla: 
Right. So we have -- in the Oncology segment, we have 5 products where we are either filed or 
will be filing very soon in the US as well as Europe. So these are the latest oncology-led 
products, so products like dasatinib and lenalidomide, abiraterone, these are some of the 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
products that we are planning to launch both in North America and in Europe and, of course, in 
some of the emerging markets as well as we are launching some of our antidiabetic portfolio in 
the DPP-4 inhibitors and SGLT2s. We have about 6 or 7 products in that category that we will 
be launching over the next 1.5 years' time. 
Adhish Patil: 
As far as this API and the spec chem line is concerned, so we have now a dermatology 
product. So we are ready with a few derivatives of that product as well. So it all depends on 
how quickly the sales of the dermatology product picks up. If it is normal, then we can -- we 
also have the option to manufacture the derivatives of that, which goes in cosmetic and skin 
line. And the methylamine-based products, what we are talking about is actually the greenfield 
project, which is happening in Sayakha. 
 
So that will be mainly because we'll be going for backward integration. There will be some 
sister products or by-products you can call, which will come out. So we'll have to sell that. So 
those products. And antifungal, we recently have launched fluconazole, since last few months. 
And now you can already see that the antifungal contribution to the sales has already increased 
by 3% year-on-year. So that was the other one. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay. And just one clarification, sir. You mentioned that all these products will be launched, 
particularly, the greenfield product, greenfield plant, will be launched in this month itself or 
the commissioning will start in this month, right? 
Adhish Patil: 
So, you can -- greenfield products will start this quarter itself actually. So let's say, by Q1, you 
can start seeing the results of those sales in the financials. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
The products from your Sayakha facility will start...Q1 
Adhish Patil: 
Correct, correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neha Kharodia from Abakkus. 
Neha Kharodia: 
So my question was regarding the negative price variance in the API. So is there any particular 
API that you would want to highlight wherein the price decline may be higher as compared to 
the other general APIs? 
Adhish Patil: 
Mainly what we have observed mainly, it is the antibiotic segment, the ofloxacin, where the 
price decline was more than other products. In some products, it was in fact positive as well, 
but it was mainly due to the antibiotic segment. 
Neha Kharodia: 
Okay. And any comments on the metformin prices? 
Adhish Patil: 
Harit bhai, would you like to answer this? 
Harit Shah: 
Metformin prices are very stable now. As of now, there is no change. 
Neha Kharodia: 
Okay. Understood. And in the anti-diabetes portfolio, as of now, which are the other 
contributors other than metformin? 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So we have another product called pioglitazone, which goes along this metformin in our 
antidiabetic category. And we have teneligliptin as well. And vildagliptin is another product, 
which gives -- there is not a meaningful contribution yet, but we have that -- we have taken 
commercial batches of that product as well. 
Neha Kharodia: 
Understood. And also in terms of revenue contribution from metformin for overall APIs, how 
much would it be? 
Adhish Patil: 
So antidiabetic on stand-alone basis, I think, it was almost around 12% to 13% now, the 
antidiabetic segment. Yes, it is around that level for the stand-alone company. 
Moderator: 
As there are no questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Adhish Patil: 
Thank you. So thank you, everyone, for joining us today in the earnings call. We appreciate 
your interest in Aarti Drugs Limited. If you have any further queries, please contact SGA, our 
Investor Relations adviser, or us directly. Thank you, and have a nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Aarti Drugs Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
****** 
 
