            Devyani International Limited  
  
 
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Corporate Office: Plot No.18, Sector-35, Gurugram - 122004, Haryana (India) • Tel.: +91-124-4566300, 4786000 
E-mail: devyani@dil-rjcorp.com • Website: www.dil-rjcorp.com; 
CIN: L15135DL1991PLC046758 
 
 
 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: DEVYANI 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 543330 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Investors & Analysts Conference Call held 
on February 11, 2025, post declaration of Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter 
and Nine months ended December 31, 2024, is enclosed. 
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.dil-rjcorp.com.  
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Devyani International Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pankaj Virmani       
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                         
  
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
Pankaj 
Virmani
Digitally signed by Pankaj Virmani 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2659, 
pseudonym=RMiYpdHy7f8dLXcxKPxs2gKTewdo4t
gl, 
2.5.4.20=039b8b79599311a1663813cc5616228df6
997ba3966868e27bd5278bd188095c, 
postalCode=121001, st=Haryana, 
serialNumber=662a532e90644d78d21acc7a66f8fa
746a569f819b8498cde6d1a476746030b2, 
cn=Pankaj Virmani 
Date: 2025.02.18 17:00:36 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
Devyani International Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call transcript 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Devyani International's 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Devyani 
International's Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Ravi Jaipuria – Non-Executive Chairman of the Company,  
Mr. Raj Gandhi – Non-Executive Director, Mr. Virag Joshi – CEO and Whole-Time 
Director and Mr. Manish Dawar – CFO and Whole-Time Director of the Company.  
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the Chairman followed by key 
financial highlights from the CFO. Post that, we will have the forum open for a 
question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call, 
may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now request Mr. Ravi Jaipuria to make his opening remarks.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon everyone. I warmly welcome you to our earnings conference call to 
discuss the business performance of DIL for Q3 & 9M FY25. 
 
We are optimistic that the recently presented Union Budget 2025, particularly the 
new personal tax regime, will bring much needed cheer for the middle class in the 
country. In our view, the Budget should enhance purchasing power leading to 
improved consumer spending. This is great news for the consumption sector 
including the QSR industry, as it could drive stronger consumer sentiment leading to 
further expansion of the industry.  
 
I am delighted to say that DIL has successfully met its store expansion guidance, 
crossing an impressive milestone of 2,000 stores in the recent quarter across all 
brands and geographies ahead of the original target. This achievement further 

 
 
                                                               Page 2 of 11
 
 
enhances our market presence and reinforces our strategic position in the QSR 
industry. It also offers our customers greater access to our brand.  
 
Reflecting on Quarter 3, our store expansion strategy has been a key driver of the 
Company's growth. We remain committed to this approach, ensuring a balance 
between expansion and store-level performance. In Quarter 3, we added 111 net 
new stores, bringing our total store count to 2,032 as of December 31st, 2024. Our 
core brands KFC, Pizza Hut and Costa added 107 stores in Quarter 3, thereby further 
strengthening our brand performance.  
 
DIL’s consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,294 crore, reflecting a 
53.5% year-on-year growth. We have also seen slightly better margin performance 
because of better SSSG and certain fresh cost optimization measures.  
 
I am glad to share that our brands continue to demonstrate consistency and 
excellence. In recognition of this, KFC was awarded the “Most Admired Retailer of 
the Year for market expansion” at the Pepsi Images Food Service Awards 2024.  
 
While the overall consumer sentiment remained a little subdued, during the festive 
season our QSR in general and DIL witnessed some green shoots of recovery in the 
metro and large cities. For the budget conscious consumers, Value Menu Items such 
as KFC Roll Variants and Snackers were major attractions during the festive season. 
KFC Epic Savers and Pizza Hut discounts offered help in driving volumes. With both 
brands experiencing recovery in demand by clocking highest-ever sales of big 
festival days.  
 
Our Food Court business is gaining momentum with new locations being added 
during the quarter. As we expand our footprint, we remain focused on tapping into 
strategic opportunities. A key development during the quarter was the opening of the 
first food court in Kota, established under the JV arrangement with PVR INOX.  
 
Our international teams also contributed to the overall growth of the Company. In 
Thailand we successfully added 9 net new stores totaling to 305 stores in Quarter 3.  
 
To conclude, I am glad that despite the relatively quiet festival season, DIL has 
remained focused on store expansion, while continuing to explore new and 
innovative ways to connect with consumers. As a leading player in the Indian QSR 
space, we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on the sector's recovery with market 
conditions expected to turn positive.  
 
In the coming quarters, we are confident that our efforts, which have doubled our 
store count to 2,000 in just over 2.5 years, will yield strong results and further 
strengthen our position in the industry.  
 
With this, I would like to conclude my address and now hand over to Manish for the 
financial highlights. Thank you.  
Manish Dawar: 
Thank you, Mr. Jaipuria. Good evening everyone. A very warm welcome and thank 
you for your valuable time for attending DIL's Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference 
Call, our fourteenth such call since our listing in August 2021.  
 
DIL has achieved a significant milestone of 2,000 stores in Q3 FY25 ahead of the 
guidance given in the past. The total store count at the end of the quarter stands at 
2,032 stores. Our core store footprint has now exceeded 1,900 stores comprising of 
1,052 KFC stores, 651 Pizza Hut stores, and 209 Costa Coffee stores.  

 
 
                                                               Page 3 of 11
 
 
 
The operating revenue for Q3 FY25 was Rs. 1,294 crore, representing a growth of 
54% versus Q3 FY24. The current year numbers include the Thailand business 
which was acquired in January 2024.  
 
The Indian business witnessed a growth of 9.6% year-on-year mainly due to store 
expansion. Revenue was Rs. 873 crore with growth of 4.4% versus the previous 
quarter.  
 
The gross margin for the consolidated business was 68.7%, a drop of 60 basis points 
versus the previous quarter. The impact on gross margins was primarily due to food 
inflation that we have seen in core brands, driven by rising oil, chicken, cheese and 
coffee bean pricing.  
 
The brand contribution for Q3 FY25 stood at 14.3%, higher by 70 basis points versus 
the previous quarter. Improvement in brand contribution was mainly on account of 
sales leverage and fresh measures on cost optimization in the Indian and Nigerian 
operations.  
 
Consolidated operating EBITDA on a pre-IndAS basis was Rs. 131 crore vs Rs. 114 
crore in the previous quarter. The pre-IndAS margins for the quarter for the 
consolidated business were 10.1%, an improvement of 70 basis points versus the 
previous quarter. The Consolidated reported EBITDA on a post-IndAS basis was 
16.9% versus 16.3% in Q2 FY25.  
 
The Nigerian currency is showing signs of stabilization and broke its continuous 
weakening trend in Quarter 3.  
 
The PBT for Q3 FY25 on a consolidated basis was Rs. 9 crore versus a loss of Rs. 
4 crore for the previous quarter. The improvement in PBT is primarily on account of 
better EBITDA.  
 
Moving the discussion to our core brands, KFC in India added 44 new stores in Q3 
FY25. With this, the total store count for KFC in India stands at 689 stores at the end 
of Q3 FY25. Average daily sales for Q3 FY25 was flat at 96,000 versus the previous 
quarter. Revenue at Rs. 570 crore, increased by 4.8% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
The gross margin for KFC during the quarter was 68.6%. The brand contribution 
margin at 17.2% for the current quarter saw an improvement of 60 basis points 
because of better sales leverage and cost optimization measures.  
 
During the quarter, Pizza Hut added 51 new stores, reaching a total count of 644 
stores in India. Revenue for Q3 FY25 was Rs. 190 crore versus Rs. 185 crore in the 
previous quarter. ADS for the brand was 35,000. The gross margin for the quarter 
was 76.2%, and brand contribution for the quarter was Rs. 4 crore with the margin 
at 2.1%. 
 
Costa Coffee added two new stores during the quarter, reaching a cumulative store 
count of 209 stores. Q3 FY25 revenue was Rs. 52 crore, which grew by 5.4% over 
the previous quarter and 30.2% on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the expansion 
of new stores.  
 
The gross margin for the quarter was 75.5%, an improvement of 50 basis points over 
the previous quarter. Brand contribution in Q3 saw an improvement and stood at 
16.9%.  

 
 
                                                               Page 4 of 11
 
 
 
We opened our first food court under the strategic tie-up with PVR INOX at Kota. DIL 
has an economic interest of 51% in the new Company. Please note that this entity 
shall be consolidated in accordance with Accounting Standards 28.  
 
Total number of international stores was 374 with the addition of 9 new KFC stores 
in Thailand and 1 Pizza Hut store in Nepal in Quarter 3. The international revenue 
for the quarter was Rs. 430 crore with growth of 9% versus Q2 FY25.  
 
The gross margin was 64.1%, a drop of 100 basis points versus the previous quarter 
because of Thailand currency impact on closing inventory valuation. Brand 
contribution margin at 16.6% saw an improvement of 60 basis points versus Q2 
FY25. The reported EBITDA was 14.9% during the quarter versus 13.4% in Q2 
FY25.  
 
To conclude, we have been executing our expansion strategy in a very calibrated 
manner while ensuring healthy paybacks in our core brands. A key driver of this has 
been our focus on small format stores over the past few years which are highly 
capital efficient and offer stronger payback potential. While SSSG performance has 
impacted returns in the short term due to subdued external environment, such trends 
are also typical during phases of accelerated expansion. Nevertheless, we remain 
confident that our strategy will drive sustained growth and profitability in the medium 
to long term. 
 
On that note, I would also like to request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
My first question is with regard to the store expansion that we have seen in Pizza 
Hut. You know, it's been a really strong expansion that we have seen here. And I 
think the same is the case with the other business segment also, wherein the network 
expansion has been strong. So, if you can highlight your guidance on the expansion 
in both of these formats going ahead.  
Manish Dawar: 
Gaurav, if you look at on a 9-month basis, we have added 93 KFC stores and 77 
Pizza Hut stores, while we continue to add Costa and Vaango as well. In Quarter 3 
store expansion of Pizza Hut was high because we were delaying the store openings 
given the brand performance. But there were some DA commitments that we had, 
and therefore we have made sure that we fulfill our commitments. Going forward, as 
we have spoken in the past, we will be moderating Pizza Hut expansion, and you will 
see even further lower numbers versus what we have done so far. So, we continue 
to remain bullish on KFC. On the other hand, we have added new brands. We are 
monitoring Pizza Hut performance very closely. And therefore, depending on the 
brand performance, we will take a final call on the numbers.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
And sir, on the other brands, the higher expansion is also due to the JV store 
expansion that you mentioned, the food court. Is that also a reason why the 
expansion is higher than the other brands?  
Manish Dawar: 
We have upped the game on our food court penetration as we have been speaking 
about food court expansions in the last two quarters, but the JV has opened only one 
food court in Kota, and that is not part of the consolidated numbers because we are 
not consolidating this JV fully given the auditor's opinion. So, if we were to take the 
JV that we have opened in Kota, it would have further added 4 new stores, one each 
in KFC, Pizza Hut, Costa and Vaango. 

 
 
                                                               Page 5 of 11
 
 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. And sir, my last question is with regards to the margin performance, as the 
margin recovery is a tad better in the KFC business. However, we have seen our 
Pizza Hut margins even declining sequentially, despite the ADS remaining flat Q&Q. 
So, anything on why the margins in Pizza Hut are weaker, also can you give a sense 
on how the margin trajectory for KFC can trend up in the future.  
Manish Dawar: 
Gaurav, on the margin expansion, we agree with you that Pizza Hut has seen little 
lower margins, but we will see margin improvement coming from next quarter 
because we are optimizing the marketing cost in Pizza Hut versus what we have 
done in the last 6 to 9 months. At the same time, we have taken some fresh cost 
optimization measures also in Pizza Hut as well as KFC, which will start to yield the 
results from January onwards. So, we are confident that as far as KFC is concerned, 
we will be able to come back to the margin levels that we have indicated in the past. 
The expansion on Pizza Hut will be dependent on the overall brand performance.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Adithya P. S. S. from JP Morgan.  
Adithya P. S. S.: 
My first question is on the KFC performance. So, if I look at your ADS and margin 
numbers and compare that with your sister franchise, there seems to be some 
divergence. I just wanted to understand is this because of any region split or are you 
seeing any material difference in demand trend between different tiers of cities which 
could be driving this?  
Manish Dawar: 
As you know, our sister franchise partner is predominantly present in the large 
metros because if you look at the country, they have a higher share of metro cities. 
And we have seen a better recovery in metros versus smaller ones. You would know 
that they have Mumbai, Delhi and Chennai, which are strong markets for KFC where 
we have also seen similar trends, however we have not seen any big divergence.  
We have primarily seen the KFC numbers getting impacted in Kerala, Assam and 
West Bengal, which are very highly concentrated because of geopolitical situation. 
However there also we have seen an improvement and a turnaround happening. We 
have seen the green shoots because of the geopolitical situation also turning around. 
And therefore, that gives us confidence that next quarter should be a better quarter 
from that perspective.  
Adithya P. S. S.: 
That's very clear. My second question is on the transaction growth of KFC. So, is it 
right to assume that the same-store transaction decline would be lower than the 
SSSG?  
Manish Dawar: 
See, the APC which is the value piece is holding very well. If at all we have seen a 
small uptick in all our brands, as far as the APC is concerned the decline which is 
currently there is primarily on account of transactions. And that's where this whole 
initiative on the low-cost meals and the value meals and the new promotions that  
Mr. Jaipuria talked about will help drive the footfalls and will help improve the 
situation on the transaction.  
Adithya P. S. S.: 
Okay. If I can squeeze one last question, can you also give a little bit more color on 
Vaango because you have been clocking double digits same store sales growth over 
the last couple of quarters although ADS has declined a bit sequentially in this 
quarter? Can you explain what kind of trends you are seeing here and give more 
color on the format?  
Manish Dawar: 
Vaango is doing well on SSSG because of the older locations, because that is how 
the SSSG gets calculated, the formula is one-year-old stores. During the period 
ended 9 months we have added 31 new stores in Vaango. The new stores typically 
start the journey at a lower rate and then they mature over a period of time. This is 
what is driving the overall ADS numbers down. 

 
 
                                                               Page 6 of 11
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities.  
Percy Panthaki: 
How do you look at margins going ahead, especially for KFC? I mean, we are in 
negative territory right now, but supposing we go into a minor positive territory, a low 
single-digit kind of SSSG strategy for the next few quarters. In that kind of scenario, 
do we see KFC margins at around 17.5% to 18% or can it be better than that?  
Manish Dawar: 
Percy, as we mentioned in the last call, we are targeting KFC to get to 19 to 20% 
margin at about 100,000 ADS, and we are tracking on that. It will take us a few 
quarters to be able to get there, but on an overall basis, we are confident that the 
kind of measures we have taken and once they start to kick in, we will be able to see 
the full results at about 100,000 KFC ADS with 19 to 20% brand contribution margins.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. And these measures are more in terms of improving the ADS or are 
there any measures in terms of cost efficiencies also? And if you could just a little bit 
elaborate on them.  
Manish Dawar: 
Both sides. It's ADS as well as the cost side. So, on the cost side, we have re-looked 
at how we deploy the labor, how do we consume the electricity. We have taken a 
relook at everything on a de novo basis, and we have taken some measures as a 
result of that.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Also, on international as a whole, what is the kind of growth that you 
are targeting for that piece, both in terms of revenue growth as well as in terms of 
the number of stores for FY26? 
Manish Dawar: 
As far as the store growth is concerned, Thailand represents the largest opportunity. 
We plan to add about 20 to 25 stores, which is 8 to 9% of the stores that we have. 
And then on top, we are targeting a SSSG of about 3 to 4% which should give us 
about 11 to 12% revenue growth. Nepal is a small opportunity as we have discussed 
in the past. Nigeria seems to be kind of stabilizing as far as the currency is 
concerned. Our objective is to stabilize the operations, bring the profit levels back 
because there have been huge losses due to the currency devaluation. So, in 
Nigeria, we are evaluating the expansion, but there will be very small numbers in 
Nigeria if that were to happen. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. And is there any visibility on Nigeria breakeven by when we can hope for that, 
and what are the losses on Nigeria on an annualized basis currently?  
Manish Dawar: 
In this quarter we have seen currency stabilizing in Nigeria. The brand contribution 
has come back very strongly as far as Nigerian business is concerned. Our brand 
contribution sits at 20% plus.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. No, I am just trying to understand for my modeling purposes for FY26 full year 
versus a full year of FY25. Supposing if the losses go away, then how much of a 
swing in rupees crore could I be factoring in for the FY26 numbers? I just wanted to 
understand that part.  
Manish Dawar: 
We can work that number out for you, Percy, and then we can discuss it offline basis. 
But again, we would like to see one more quarter of the currency getting stabilized 
and then talk about those numbers.  
Percy Panthaki: 
And when you say brand contribution is 20%, would I be right in assuming that 
generally corporate overheads for a QSR format is about 5% to 7% and therefore 
your EBITDA margin also would be at least a low teens kind of a number for this 
quarter in Nigeria?  

 
 
                                                               Page 7 of 11
 
 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, because Nigeria is a small business, so therefore the corporate G&A is a little 
higher, but otherwise directionally you are absolutely in sync.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jignanshu Gor from Bernstein.  
Jignanshu Gor: 
Congratulations on improving performance trajectory. I wanted to double down on 
one question on Pizza Hut. You said that any further growth in terms of store network 
or investments in marketing will be dependent on performance. So, can you guide 
us what performance markers you are looking for to get convinced of a turnaround?  
Manish Dawar: 
These are ADS and SSSG numbers. On SSSG, we have seen improvement 
happening in the current quarter. What used to be a double-digit negative a couple 
of quarters back, we are almost at a breakeven level. The industry has also seen a 
strong comeback on pizza.  
Jignanshu Gor: 
Okay. Is there any specific ADS number that you have in your mind or a brand 
contribution margin number?  
Manish Dawar: 
We will not be able to give you guidance on that.  
Jignanshu Gor: 
Sure. No worries. If I can just follow up on one more, it is regarding Vaango. I think 
we had a relative store expansion last quarter, which has slowed down this quarter. 
But if you do a broad backward math, it seems the 40 stores that we have sort of 
added in the last 12 months are operating at far lesser capacity than the remaining 
54. So, is it something about the structure and nature of the format which is giving 
you pause in expansion? Or do you still remain very bullish about it? So, just wanted 
to get a handle on that.  
Manish Dawar: 
Sure. Jignanshu, when you are comparing the base numbers to the new additions, 
it is important to note that the base consists of very strong operations, including 
operations at the airport. Vaango performs extremely well at airport, and that is what 
pushes up the base, whereas all of the new additions are typically in the food courts 
and high streets, which operate at a lower level. If we were to compare, like-to-like 
basis, the difference is only about the maturity profile of a store.  
Jignanshu Gor: 
Okay. And hence, is the SSSG, let's say, 9.6% this quarter, is it different for, let's 
say, airport stores versus non-airport stores? Is that something you would feel 
comfortable right now?  
Manish Dawar: 
It will be similar.  
Jignanshu Gor: 
It will be similar. Okay. And lastly, in ADS terms, then you would expect it to sort of 
stabilize at a lower level than it was earlier, as the mix of stores moves towards more 
high-street.  
Manish Dawar: 
Correct.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Congratulations on reaching the store milestone. Manish, last quarter we talked 
about experimenting with some marketing and pricing promotions in select markets, 
right? So, how has been the response to such initiatives and what is the margin 
impact of this in the current quarter?  
Manish Dawar: 
Devanshu, it's been a mixed bag. We have seen a good response on the KFC side 
to these promotions. We have not seen such a good response on the Pizza Hut side. 

 
 
                                                               Page 8 of 11
 
 
So, therefore, it's been a mixed bag. But on an overall basis, we think things are 
moving in the positive direction, and therefore we are going to be recalibrating the 
marketing spends from January onwards.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. Sir, just a follow-up on this. So, Q3, it's seasonally a stronger quarter, 
but the ADS is flat sequentially. And we have taken these initiatives where we are 
indicating that the response has been good. So, wanted to check the reasons for a 
lower pickup on a sequential basis in KFC. So, just your thoughts on that.  
Manish Dawar: 
As we said in response to the earlier question, one is this whole location thing and 
then we have also seen a very strong store addition in Quarter 3. When you have 
this kind of store addition, it impacts the ADS performance because any new stores 
would start at a lower level.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. Last question, sir, you indicated Kerala, Assam, West Bengal are not 
doing well for us. So, can you either talk about the performance on the regions 
outside of the impacted states? Or if you could suggest otherwise the salience of the 
impacted states and what is the kind of improvement that we are seeing in these 
states? 
Manish Dawar: 
Devanshu, we have seen a better improvement as far as SSSG performance is 
concerned for the states outside of these three states. These three states also have 
improved, however these states have bottomed out and are not in line with the rest 
of the states. We should see a better kind of picture in these states with the 
geopolitical situation stabilizing. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Qualitatively can you sort of indicate as in what is the difference of SSSG in these 
regions and outside of these regions? Just to get a sense as in how things may turn 
up when sort of these states also recovers.  
Manish Dawar: 
We will not be able to give you the exact numbers, if you look at the range of states 
that we operate in, on the highest side probably the SSSG improvement sits at 10-
15% plus. These are low weight stores, which may not be adding so much weight. 
The range is wide and it's not just a narrow range that we can tell you and you'll be 
able to apply in the model.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark.  
Tejash Shah: 
My question refers to your comment that the commitment was also one of the 
triggers. I am sure it was not the sole intention to expand or go aggressive on Pizza 
Hut store expansion this quarter. So, given the subdued demand environment which 
you called out and the Chairman also called out in his opening remarks, I just wanted 
to understand how much flexibility do we enjoy on the expansion commitment? Was 
there an option to delay it considering that demand is still not in great shape?  
Manish Dawar: 
If you look at our openings on Pizza Hut this year are lower versus the previous year. 
And therefore, there is flexibility available. But again, at the same time, we are very 
cautious that we should not be defaulting on our agreements, and the DA works from 
January to December period. So, therefore, we will be recalibrating Pizza Hut as we 
go along.  
Tejash Shah: 
Manish, given the team's experience with power cycles, we have seen first time in 
the listed phase, so, just wanted to understand, does aggressive expansion typically 
pursue during downturns? Does it benefit us in full recovery cycle? Or do you want 
to wait for demand turnaround before acceleration on store expansion? Just wanted 

 
 
                                                               Page 9 of 11
 
 
to understand from past experience what has been more remunerative among these 
two strategies.  
Manish Dawar: 
Tejash, see, it is a chicken and egg story, if you were to look at our experience, the 
way we expanded during COVID time when nobody else expanded and post-COVID 
we have seen great results because of that. This business is not about putting up a 
large factory where you create a capacity and then you can utilize for, it's a brick-
and-mortar business. We have to create store by store and therefore if we miss on 
the real estate opportunity, it's gone forever. If we are not able to create that whole 
bandwidth, we will miss the opportunity. If we were to say that there's a downturn of 
three years and we will be able to open 400 stores together in the fourth year, it's 
physically not possible.  So, it's a very different nature of business, and that's the 
reason we are kind of at it because eventually, if we all believe in the India story and 
we all believe that India will grow, the economy will grow, and the consumer 
sentiment will improve and the consumption will come back, then with the new 
budget and whatever steps the government has taken and will be taking, we should 
stand to kind of gain the most. And we have already experienced this during COVID 
time.  
Tejash Shah: 
Right, yes. And the last one, if I may, in the history of the Company, both for Pizza 
Hut and KFC, what has been the most prolonged downtime cycle that we have seen? 
Is this the current one, the most difficult one? Or there is a history of such cycles in 
the past also?  
Manish Dawar: 
In the past we have never had this kind of scale, so, it is a combination of a slowdown 
in the consumer demand and consumer sentiment, and at the same time, we have 
also been doing aggressive expansion, so it is a combination of these two. Now 
expansion is a very conscious strategy that we have undertaken, and we are 
confident about expansion because all of the expansion is happening on smaller 
formats where the payback periods are strong. Therefore, as we see the consumer 
sentiment coming back, it should greatly benefit us. But at this scale, obviously we 
have not experienced things in the past because it was a smaller operation in the 
past.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Maruth Chaudhary, who is an individual investor.  
Maruth Chaudhary: 
My first question is regarding the depreciation of the rupee this quarter—what would 
be the impact of that? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Maruth, we don't have a lot of imports except for, we only get a little bit impacted 
by, key equipments on the capex side. But as far as operations are concerned, the 
impact will eventually come in depreciation. But otherwise, on the raw material side, 
packing material side, our import structure is very small. So, therefore, there is not 
that much impact of that. Obviously because of the currency, international operations 
also get consolidated, impact comes on that, but that's only a translation effect rather 
than a transaction effect.  
Maruth Chaudhary: 
Okay. And next is regarding the discussions around Health Tech and Ultra-
Processed Foods—can we introduce a healthier brand in our portfolio, similar to what 
others are doing? 
Manish Dawar: 
Vaango is a healthier brand in our portfolio. South Indian brand is supposed to be 
the healthiest food in the country and we already have that in our portfolio. Within 
KFC also, while our dominant range is fried chicken, we have grilled chicken 
available as a healthier option. Similarly on the pizza, we have a good balance. Even 
the newer brands, Sanook Kitchen, which we have signed, is a healthier brand 

 
 
                                                              Page 10 of 11
 
 
versus the other brands that we deal in. So, we are conscious of what you are saying, 
and that is part of the strategy.  
Maruth Chaudhary: 
Okay, just one more question, if I may ask. Instead of cost optimization, should gross 
margin expansion happen through the introduction of new products? For example, 
Yum China’s gross margin expanded when they introduced KFC K Coffee, and 
similarly, Burger King expanded their margin with BK Café. Can we see the same in 
KFC India? Can we introduce something similar to KFC K Coffee, as Yum China 
did? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Maruth, we have introduced, and we have experimented with KFC Coffee in 
some of the outlets. Now, this is a different strategy versus what McDonald's is doing 
by way of McCafe or what Burger King is doing by way of BK Café because they 
operate large stores, and whereas our strategy is to bring the formats down to focus 
on the core, to make it more efficient on the paybacks and the margins, that is how 
we are operating. The trend in the QSR industry has been more and more home 
consumption, and that you would have seen with all the brands over a period of time. 
Home consumption is going up for the entire industry, even post COVID. It's going 
up for all the brands, and therefore in that scenario, we are highly focused on the 
format of the store rather than large formats.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan.  
Latika Chopra: 
I wanted to check with you on your thoughts around this quicker 10-minute delivery 
platform, which was announced by the leading food aggregators. How do you view 
this? Is this something which is feasible for formats that you run? Do you see this as 
an opportunity or a threat from a snacking perspective?  
Manish Dawar: 
See, what they are talking about, Latika, is all around the snacking platform. And 
those snacks are typically ready-to-eat snacks, which have always existed. In any 
Indian household any quick eating snacks are always part of pantry, as far as fresh 
food is concerned, there is a cooking time and there is a delivery time, although we 
are also in discussions with one or two players in terms of how we can participate 
and experiment. Just to give you as to how the dynamics work, take the example of 
Pizza Hut, the pizza is prepared after you get the order and the preparation time itself 
is about 7 to 8 minutes. Depending on the pizza, it could be 9 minutes also. And then 
you have the delivery time. Whereas if you look at a brand like KFC, KFC operates 
on a ready-to-eat basis and therefore KFC can easily participate in that journey. So, 
we are in discussions, we will be experimenting with this. There could be some menu 
items which can always participate in that whole 10-year journey, but let's see how 
it shapes up.  
Latika Chopra: 
Understood. The second bit was just trying to check if there has been any change in 
agreements or any kind of inflation you have seen with any of the aggregators.  
Manish Dawar: 
No, not yet. So the discussions are on, because there has been a pressure from the 
aggregators, but so far we have managed to hold. 
Latika Chopra: 
All right. And the last bit I just wanted to check was on, you know, the three QSR 
brands that you are planning to bring and launch in India. The timelines remain from 
April this year onwards.  
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, we are on track from Quarter 1 of the next financial year.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund.  

 
 
                                                              Page 11 of 11
 
 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Just a question on the outlook. As Tejash was mentioning, we’ve been in a prolonged 
period of a weak environment, with nearly 8 to 10 quarters of a challenging outlook. 
Now that you are hinting that there is some recovery, could you give a little more 
pointed clarity in terms of how is the situation on the ground? After two years of a 
negative base, are we expecting flat SSSG, or do you believe things could improve 
from here? Are we looking at positive SSSG in the next couple of quarters? Also, 
what kind of margin expectations do you have? Will it take time to return to the 19-
20% margin you mentioned, or if we achieve 5-10% SSSG, should we be able to 
reach that margin level sooner?  
Manish Dawar: 
Sure. So, you are seeing the numbers of the QSR industry, and we have seen that 
kind of turnaround happening with almost all the brands. We have seen that in our 
numbers as well and that gives us confidence that maybe things are turning around. 
As we have said that we have seen in Quarter 3, which is a festival quarter and we 
have seen bigger throughputs happening on those festival days, which again is an 
indicator that the consumers are opening up their wallets. So, SSSG turning around 
is one of the paramount factors to be able to make sure that we kind of come back 
to our original margins. Irrespective of that, we kind of took the steps in the previous 
quarter. We have seen the impact of or the results of those steps coming in the 
current quarter. We are confident that, as I said to Percy's question, that with about 
100,000 KFC ADS we should come back to our original margins of 19-20%.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
And in the current quarter, are we seeing signs because I am just asking from the 
point of view that, you know, there is two years of negative base, so on this base are 
we seeing signs of SSSG bottling out in the current quarter?  
Manish Dawar: 
It's been a mixed bag because as we operate in multiple states and there are multiple 
kinds of factors impacting various states. But now with the budget coming in, with 
the geopolitical situation stabilizing, I think we are hopeful that things should kind of 
turn around.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference back to 
the management team for any closing comments.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you very much. We hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about the Company, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team. Thank 
you once again for your interest and support and for taking the time out to join us on 
this call. Thank you very much.  
Manish Dawar: 
Thank you very much. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 
 
 
