 
 
 
Tata Technologies Limited 
Plot No 25, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park | Hinjawadi, Pune 411057 | India 
Tel: +91 20 6652 9090 | Fax: +91 20 6652 9035 
CIN L72200PN1994PLC013313  
Email: investor@tatatechnologies.com 
Website: www.tatatechnologies.com 
Ref. No.: TTL/COSEC/SE/2024-25/90 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call on financial results for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call on financial results for quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2024, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors held on   
January 21, 2025. 
 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company: www.tatatechnologies.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Tata Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________________ 
Vikrant Gandhe 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
BSE Limited                                
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 544028 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051, India 
Trading symbol: TATATECH 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHE
KHAR GANDHE
Digitally signed by 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHEKHAR 
GANDHE 
Date: 2025.01.24 
15:18:47 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 30 
 
 
“Tata Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. WARREN HARRIS – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MS. SUKANYA SADASIVAN – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
– TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MS. SAVITHA BALACHANDRAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MR. VIJAY LOHIA – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tata 
Technologies 3Q FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal the operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Lohia, Head of 
Investor Relations at Technologies. Thank you, and over to you. 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good day, everyone, and welcome to Tata 
Technologies Third Quarter of Fiscal 2025 Results Call. I'm Vijay 
Lohia, Head of Investor Relations. Joining me on the call today 
are Mr. Warren Harris, CEO and Managing Director; Ms. Sukanya 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 30 
 
Sadasivan, COO; and Ms. Savitha Balachandran, CFO. We'll 
begin with an overview of the company's performance, 
followed by a Q&A session. Please note that we do not provide 
specific revenue or earnings guidance. 
 
Any forward-looking statement made during this call should 
be considered in the context of the risks that the company 
faces as outlined on the second slide of the quarterly fact 
sheet available on our website. The press release and earnings 
presentation have been submitted to the stock exchanges and 
are also available on our website, www.tatatechnologies.com. 
We hope you've had a chance to review them. 
 
With that, I'll now hand over the call to Warren. 
Warren Harris: 
Thanks, Vijay, and welcome to the call, everybody. Let me start 
by wishing you and your families a healthy and prosperous new 
year. I will begin by sharing highlights of our third quarter 
before inviting Savitha to provide a detailed analysis of our 
financial results. 
 
I'm pleased to report that we achieved sequential revenue 
growth of 1.7% in constant currency despite operating in an 
environment marked by economic uncertainty and Q3 being a 
seasonally soft quarter. The third quarter typically features 
fewer billing days due to festivals and holidays in different 
parts of the world.  
Our services business grew sequentially by 1.1% in constant 
currency terms, aligning with the outlook we shared during last 
quarter's call. Meanwhile, our Technology Solutions segment 
delivered robust sequential growth of 3.7% in constant 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 30 
 
currency, driven by an impressive 55% growth in our products 
business, partially offset by a 20% decline in the Education 
segment. 
 
The products business typically delivers strong performance 
in Q3, driven by the discharge of year-end customer PLM 
software budgets. In contrast, our education business faced 
challenges due to delays in infrastructure readiness. Our 
“phygital” edtech model relies on fully operational labs within 
the academic institutes that we partner with. Construction 
delays impacted bookings in Q3. However, we anticipate that 
these facilities will become available in the early part of 
calendar year 2025.  Coupled with a robust pipeline we expect 
to convert, we are confident that the growth momentum of our 
education business will continue. 
 
Our operating EBITDA for Q3 stood at 17.8%, reflecting a 
sequential decline of 40 basis points. This performance, 
however, underscores the strength of our operational 
discipline as we effectively absorbed a 150-basis-point 
impact from salary hikes implemented during the quarter.  
From the perspective of demand, let me comment on the 
demand trends within the three industry verticals in which we 
operate. In the Automotive segment, demand patterns 
remained consistent with what we've seen in the prior quarter, 
with decision-making delays persisting due to regulatory 
uncertainties in the US and the challenges in the European 
market, driven by weakening consumer demand and 
competition from China. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 30 
 
 
While these headwinds have tempered EV growth, we see this 
as being temporary with the passenger vehicle market still 
projected to grow in calendar year 2025 by 1.7% as confirmed 
by S&P Global.  
We anticipate greater policy clarity in the coming months that 
is likely to prompt a diversification of OEM investments across 
various propulsion technologies. This shift plays to our 
strengths as we offer deep expertise across battery electric 
vehicles, plug-in hybrids, and internal combustion engine 
propulsion systems. 
 
In contrast, the Aerospace and Industrial Heavy Machinery 
segments showed continued resilience with strong demand 
for our services. Notably, our aerospace business achieved 
39% sequential growth in Q3, supported by a growing order 
book. We expect this momentum to continue into Q4 and into 
the next fiscal year. 
 
From a deal signings perspective, we closed 4 significant deals 
in Q3, reflecting strong traction in digital engineering, smart 
manufacturing, GenAI and embedded software solutions. The 
key wins include: 
• A multiyear contract with a European luxury automotive 
OEM for testing and validation of a new battery electric 
vehicle.  
• We've also secured the responsibility to stand up an 
offshore development center for a global Tier 1 
automotive company. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 30 
 
• In addition, we won a software and embedded 
engagement with a global technology provider to the 
automotive 
industry 
that 
will 
provide 
emission 
reduction and energy efficiency solutions for turbo, 
hybrid and electrified components and subsystems. 
And in the education sector, we're partnering with the 
government of Tripura to deploy our edtech proposition 
across 19 ITIs. 
 
From an investment perspective, we continue to develop 
solutions that deliver value for our clients in areas that are 
relevant to their strategic imperatives.  
• In the area of sustainability, we are developing a 
prognostics platform for a European automotive OEM 
that will help them predict the future condition of the 
remaining useful life of their vehicle components using 
data-driven or model-based approaches. We're also 
developing a battery platform for the same customer, 
which 
will 
offer 
life 
cycle 
analysis 
tools 
for 
environmental impact assessment, material traceability 
and carbon footprint reduction strategies. 
 
• Across each of these areas, we continue to double down 
on our investments in AI and GenAI. A notable 
achievement for our company in Q3 was the formal 
launch of our proprietary AI and GenAI framework. The 
plan is to leverage the platform for both internal and 
external use cases. This framework leverages modular 
architectures, pretrained models and real-time IoT data 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
to streamline application development. By enabling 
faster 
prototyping 
and 
seamless 
integration, 
it 
empowers businesses with predictive analytics, defect 
detection and workflow optimization whilst integrating 
seamlessly into open source and closed source LLMs 
and existing enterprise IT applications. 
 
The platform is currently being used by a North American Tier 
1 customer as part of a manufacturing transformation 
engagement 
to 
drive 
improvements 
in 
productivity, 
predictability, and efficiency across multiple plants. Moreover, 
our AI and GenAI-based capabilities are increasingly being 
recognized by the technology and the manufacturing sectors. 
For instance, one of our GenAI- powered sales assistant 
applications that we've deployed for an Asian automotive OEM 
dealership network has recently received several innovation 
awards.  
I'm also delighted that in Q3, the partnership with BMW has 
begun operations. We now have facilities in Pune, Bangalore, 
and Chennai. The business began with a headcount of over 100 
people. We're scaling rapidly, and we expect to stand up a 
team of more than 1,000 people by the end of this calendar 
year. We're incredibly proud of the endorsement that BMW 
have given to Tata Technologies. Their commitment to partner 
with us to establish a global hub for automotive software and 
digital services is a tremendous testament to our industry-
leading capabilities. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 30 
 
Despite the economic uncertainties, we remain confident in 
our ability to deliver value to our clients. Our robust pipeline, 
coupled with strategic investments in technology and 
innovation, positions us well for sustained growth as market 
conditions stabilize and improve. 
 
And with that, I'll hand it over to Savitha for a detailed 
commentary of our financial performance. 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Thank you, Warren. Good morning or good evening, 
everyone, depending on your location, and thank you for 
joining this call today. In continuation to the details that 
Warren shared about the progress in different areas of our 
business, let me share with you the financial performance in 
the third quarter of fiscal '25. 
 
Overall, while our operating environment continued to present 
some challenges, our results for the quarter were resilient with 
revenues from operations growing 1.6% sequentially to INR 1,318 
crores. On a constant currency basis, our total revenues were 
up 1.7% in the quarter. 
 
As far as segmental performance is concerned, revenue from 
our services business, which contributed approximately 77% 
to our total revenues, increased 1.1% sequentially in constant 
currency terms and 0.8% on a reported basis, reaching 
approximately INR 10 billion. It is particularly noteworthy that 
this growth has been delivered in the backdrop of a challenging 
business environment and a seasonally weak quarter with a 
higher number of holidays. Overall, we believe our strong 
service portfolio positions us well to effectively adapt to the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 30 
 
challenges of the current market, demonstrating both 
resilience and agility.  
An additional data point that demonstrates the health of the 
underlying business is the 17% year-over-year increase in the 
9-month services dollar revenue when you exclude the effect 
of the very large project completion, we did for VinFast last 
year, which in fiscal '24 contributed to over 14% of our services 
revenue. Overall, we believe a strong service portfolio positions 
us well. 
 
Moving on to Technology Solutions, which forms the 
remaining 23% of revenues. The segment grew by 4.6% over 
Q2 to clock a revenue of INR 305 crores, largely supported by 
the renewal deals, which is characteristic of the final quarter of 
the calendar year in the products business. On a constant 
currency basis, the segment witnessed a 3.7% sequential 
growth. 
 
On the margin front, performance is noteworthy with the 
EBITDA margin for the quarter coming in at 17.8%, arresting the 
sequential decline to 40 basis points despite the 150-basis 
point increase in our salary costs from the organization-wide 
annual salary increase across all levels during the quarter. I am 
pleased with the swift cost optimization measures taken that 
enabled us to partially offset this cost headwind. 
• There is a 40-basis point reduction in the outsourcing 
and consultancy charges achieved through effective 
bench management and replacing external resources 
with internal talent.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 30 
 
• We've also seen a 50-basis point benefit from the 
reversal of provisions for credit loss as we collected 
some old dues  
• And, a 60-basis point reduction in certain discretionary 
expenses that helped us to ensure that our margin 
decline is arrested. 
 
We continue to make progress on our stated margin expansion 
levers such as pyramid optimization as well as improved 
productivity. And these actions will reflect our commitment to 
maintaining 
operational 
efficiency 
while 
supporting 
sustainable growth. 
 
As Warren mentioned in his remarks, I'm very pleased to share 
that our partnership with BMW began operations in Q3. As far 
as the accounting treatment is concerned, we are applying the 
equity method of accounting. And in Q3, our share of profit 
amounted to INR 56 lakhs. Furthermore, the other income also 
includes a deferred income of INR 8.3 crores, representing the 
fair value gain on the call and put option relating to the 
investment in this company. 
 
I would like to highlight that beyond the technical form of a 
vehicle that's used to deliver services to BMW, this partnership 
is a multiyear large deal from our perspective and hence, an 
extension of Tata Technologies' operations. Due to client 
confidentiality, we are unable to disclose specific details on 
the commercials, but the deferred income represents a 
recurring item alongside the share of profit. Consequently, we 
report this income as part of our operating profit or EBIT, which 
grew by 3.1% sequentially to INR 212 crores.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 30 
 
During the quarter, we reported the other income of INR 27.6 
crores, marking a sequential increase of 68% compared to INR 
16.4 crores in the previous quarter. 
 
In addition to the deferred income already discussed, this 
growth was primarily driven by: 
• An increase of INR 2.8 crores in interest income 
resulting from higher cash balances 
• A net gain of INR 2.2 crores from fair value measurement 
of certain investments. 
 
As a result, profit before tax increased to INR 226 crores, 
representing a 4% sequential growth. Our effective tax rate in 
the quarter came in at 25.4%, a decrease of 220 basis points 
compared to the previous quarter. As a result, the profit after 
tax saw a robust increase of 7.1% quarter-on-quarter to INR 169 
crores.  
We observed a modest increase in DSO during the quarter, 
reflecting increased billing velocity of the seasonally strong 
products business. However, our collection efficiency 
continues to remain robust, reflecting the strength of our 
credit management process. 
 
Turning to cash flows. Our free cash flow for the first 9 months 
of the fiscal stood at INR 681 crores. We remain focused on 
enhancing the cash collections and optimizing the conversion 
levels to maintain liquidity and support sustainable growth. At 
the close of the third quarter, our net cash position stood at 
$154 million, up from the $145 million of the previous quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 30 
 
 
Moving on to highlights of operational metrics. We continue to 
optimize capacity by balancing full-time employees and 
outsourced resources. And as a result, utilizations improved by 
about 40 basis points sequentially to 88.1% with a modest 
scope for further improvement in the near term. We continue 
to strengthen our talent pyramid by increasing campus hires 
while making selective lateral recruitment aligned with 
business needs.  
Attrition trends also continue to move in a favorable direction, 
supported by a broader decline in the industry-wide attrition 
rates. Our last 12-month attrition improved further this quarter, 
decreasing to 12.9% from 13.1% of the previous quarter. 
 
We remain focused on talent development, increasing training 
in key areas such as software-defined vehicles, generative AI 
and cybersecurity, among others.  
As far as our on-site and offshore mix is concerned, we saw a 
sequential reduction of 200 basis points with our offshore 
revenue mix reaching 41.7%, driven by a temporary shift of 
efforts to onshore work in line with certain project milestones. 
We remain focused on implementing measures to gradually 
increase the offshore ratio in the coming quarters. 
 
In conclusion, I'm encouraged with our performance this 
quarter, highlighted by a 1.7% top line growth, 3.1% EBIT growth 
and a 4% sequential increase in pretax earnings. Looking 
ahead, we remain committed to strategic investments in our 
identified areas of growth. Simultaneously, we will also 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
continue to prioritize operational efficiencies and maintain a 
competitive cost structure to drive long- term value creation. 
 
With that, I thank you for your time. We can now open the floor 
for questions, Vijay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from Chandramouli 
Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: My first question is just around the environment for 
spending on electric vehicle R&D and autonomous vehicle 
R&D. You did mention in your prepared remarks that you 
expect more policy clarity around climate change and 
electrification-related incentives from different governments 
around the world? 
 
So just want to understand, post the inauguration of the US 
presidency last night, there are press articles talking about his 
focus on trying to come a little lower on the electric vehicle 
mandate, focus a little more on local fossil fuel production. Just 
want to understand what your initial thoughts are on some of 
the emerging news flow soon after the Presidency inauguration 
last night? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. Thank you for the question. And I think it's particularly 
relevant given the timing of yesterday's inauguration. We fully 
expect various components of the Inflation Reduction Act to 
be revisited. We think some of the incentives that have been 
provided in the United States for EVs will either be removed or 
will be resized. And so, we think that that will prompt some 
tapering of demand for full battery electric vehicles. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 30 
 
 
And we think that the industry response is going to be that the 
OEMs will invest in a much more balanced portfolio of 
propulsion propositions. So, they will not only invest in EVs, but 
we think that there will be much greater investment in plug-in 
hybrids and also optimizing and refining in the United States, 
legacy internal combustion engines. And I think the great news 
for us at Tata Technologies is the strength of capability we 
have in all three of those areas. 
 
We have a particularly strong EV proposition given the work 
that we've done with the likes of VinFast and Neo and 
companies like Rivian. We have a plug-in hybrid set of 
references, the most notable of which is the work we did with 
Polestar when we completed the Polestar 1. And we've been in 
the automotive business for over 30 years. And so, the breadth 
and depth of our legacy propulsion system capabilities is 
something that has helped us define the brand over the last 
25 - 30 years. 
 
So, for us, what's kind of exciting is the fact that policy clarity, 
we think, will prompt a release of R&D budgets, which will 
stimulate the type of demand that we intersect with. So, we're 
somewhat agnostic in terms of the type of investment, we're 
much more dependent upon investments being made. So, for 
us, policy clarity is very much a good thing. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. My second question is just a 
follow-up on the aerospace business. You mentioned there is 
an impressive sort of 39% Q-o-Q growth there. Just want to 
understand, post that sort of growth, what the rough size of the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 30 
 
aerospace business could be just ballpark as a percentage of 
our total revenues today? 
Warren Harris: 
We're incredibly ambitious for our aerospace business. And I 
think we've signaled in the past the investments that we've 
made, not only in relationships and capabilities, but also in 
terms of accreditation. One of the big customers that we are 
working with has recently granted design authority for the 
work that we undertake. 
 
And what that means is that we can actually sign off on our 
own work, and it's not -- it doesn't have to go through an 
approval process with the client. That's an accreditation that 
typically takes 2.5 - 3 years. And so, the fact that we have that 
now has certainly helped us scale that particular relationship. 
And so, whilst I don't -- we don't give out specific guidance and 
quantify what the aerospace business will mean in terms of 
mix. What I can say is that we certainly expect aerospace to 
grow at the fastest rate of all 3 verticals off a relatively small 
base, but we expect it to increasingly become a very 
important and material part of our business mix. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. And just lastly, a housekeeping 
question around the deferred income that was discussed 
earlier. So, you mentioned that the share of profit from the 
BMW contract will come in share of profit from associates and 
JVs line below the EBIT line. Just want to understand the 
deferred income a little better, how that's getting accounted? 
Is that going into the top line? Is that going into any of the other 
lines in the P&L? Just want to understand that a little bit better. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 30 
 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Sure. Thanks for the question, opportunity to clarify, 
Chandramouli. As you rightly said, there are 2 effects in our 
P&L this quarter from our partnership with BMW. One is the 
share of profit, as you can see above the face of the P&L, it's 
above the PBT item. The other effect is the deferred income, 
which technically as per accounting standards, we are forced 
to show that as part of the other income because as I said, it 
reflects the fair value gain on the option that the partners hold 
in the joint venture company. 
 
But it is a continuing effect that we expect to receive in the 
foreseeable future. And therefore, from our perspective, given 
our ability and intention to collect this, we are covering it as 
part of our other income, and that's why it's called out as 
included in our EBIT for this quarter. 
Warren Harris: 
And let me just reinforce, this is compensation for the work 
that we are undertaking for BMW. We've taken the 
responsibility of setting up the 3 centers in Pune, Bangalore 
and Chennai. We have -- we've provided the leadership team 
for this joint venture. And many of the systems and processes 
benefit from the infrastructure investments that we, Tata 
Technologies, have made. So, although we are constrained by 
the way in which we are accounting for this compensation 
through the various accounting rules, this, again, should be 
seen very much as a return for the investment that we've made 
in the joint venture. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. So, is this something that we expect to record on 
a quarterly basis in our other income line just as we sort of 
model the other income line going forward? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 30 
 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Yes. As I said, for the foreseeable future, we do see this 
coming through on a quarterly basis. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
So, my first question is around the broader demand in auto 
ER&D. Obviously, there has been a slowdown. But if you have 
to characterize the extent of slowdown that's across US, 
Europe, and Asia, how will you define that in terms of where is 
the slowdown highest? And also, the related question is, as you 
expect the pace of recovery to happen, which geography 
could be the first one to recover from this downturn? 
Warren Harris: 
Again, a very fair question. If I look at this geographically, what 
we've seen in the US and Europe, we've not seen it in Asia. So, 
the slowing of demand that we've seen in the Western markets 
- we've not seen in Asia. We've not seen in China. We've not 
seen here in India. So, the demand here continues to be 
relatively robust. 
 
As far as the US is concerned, I think the extreme policy 
positions of the Democrats and the Republicans have 
presented a challenge for the industry in terms of aligning 
investment with what the regulatory framework is likely to look 
like. And so now that we have clarity, at least in terms of what 
we expect, then I think you'll see investments return much 
sooner in that region than you will in Europe. I think Europe is 
still grappling with the fact that many of the OEMs are still 
selling a significant number of units in the China market. 
 
And so, any regulatory reaction to the competition that 
Chinese OEMs represent in Europe is likely to be considered 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 30 
 
and thought for and calibrated. And we expect the clarity 
around that to take several months. There will be a response. 
There is no doubt about that, but it will probably clarify after 
we see the administrative position of the new administration 
in the United States. 
So, Asia, we've not seen any real dip in demand. Europe is likely 
to come -- is likely to rebound after the United States. But 
what I will say, overarching in terms of the relative positions of 
the different regions is that the automotive industry is going 
through somewhat of an existential challenge. 
 
If you look at the recent merger discussions that are going on 
between Nissan and Honda, there is significant change that is 
really being driven by the competition that is expected to 
manifest itself in and around the movement to EVs, the 
movement to connected, software-defined vehicles and 
autonomous driving. And for those organizations that are 
committed to not only survive but to thrive, they have to 
continue to invest and invest in a way that is not exactly linked 
to the sales performance of the individual company. 
 
And that's one of the reasons that we continue to be bullish 
certainly in the medium to long term in terms of the 
opportunity that automotive represents for our company. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. That's very helpful. The second question was, because 
of the slowdown we are seeing in Europe, does this impact the 
planned capacity additions with the BMW JV in India? Is there 
any risk to it? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 30 
 
Warren Harris: 
Not at all. In fact, even when I make high-level comments about 
the regions, you need to look at the individual positions of each 
company before, I think, you can judge what the implications 
are for the various brands. And one of the things that I think 
characterizes BMW is: one, a very strong balance sheet; and 
two, the focus that they always have on the medium to long 
term. So, the cyclical nature of the automotive industry 
typically does not impact the R&D commitment of the more 
successful companies and BMW is certainly one of those. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. 
Abhishek Kumar: I think a good performance in a difficult environment. First 
question, Warren, you mentioned in your initial remarks that 
you expect the slowdown to be temporary. Just wanted to 
understand how do you define temporary? Is it like two 
quarters, a year or longer? And a related question is, what are 
the kind of conversations that we are having with some of 
these OEMs, which are under pressure, especially the mass 
market OEMs in Europe, etcetera. Are there any talks around 
more outsourcing, larger cost takeout deals that will help them 
in the current environment? Thank you. 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. Two great questions. I think we will continue to calibrate 
and recalibrate expectations every day, every week, every 
month, and every quarter. But I think if we look at our current 
visibility, our anticipation is that within the next couple of 
months, the big three in Detroit and the new energy vehicle 
companies on the West Coast will return to the type of 
investment that we saw running up to the beginning of last 
year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 30 
 
 
I think, again, Europe will take a little bit longer, but 
organizations like BMW will stand out and continue to invest. 
And again, we don't expect any real change to the demand 
environment here in Asia. And so, if you aggregate all of that 
together, we're expecting improvement in the early part of the 
next fiscal year. As I said before, we'll continue to calibrate and 
recalibrate, but that's our view. This is a short-term slowdown. 
 
And certainly, the type of conversations that we are having 
with our customers right now and the opportunities and the 
deals that we are adding to the pipeline certainly reinforce 
confidence around that. As in response to the second 
question, one of the things that I always reinforce to our 
business development teams is that when things are tough for 
our 
customers 
specifically, 
that 
represents 
massive 
opportunity for us. One, it gives us an opportunity to 
communicate to our clients that we're there for them in the 
good times -- we're there for them in the bad times as well as 
the good times. So, it's an opportunity for us to reinforce 
relationships. But it's also an opportunity for us to look at 
creative ways of increasing the value that we can deliver to 
those customers. 
 
And one of the things that we've seen recently is conversations 
with customers whereby we've been looking at opportunities 
to deliver things like hardware infrastructure and deliver that 
back as a service, wrap a service around that. We've looked at 
ways of carving out capabilities from our customers and 
delivering that from offshore locations. None of these things 
are baked into our operating plan as yet. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 30 
 
 
None of them are based into our forecast. But I share that with 
you primarily to signal that during these types of times, the 
conversations that we're having with our customers provide 
the opportunity for us not only to do more from an offshore 
perspective, but also enter into white space that typically 
we've not competed or delivered services in. So, we're seeing 
those conversations play out in many of our strategic 
customer relationships. And it's another reason, another data 
point that we continue to be optimistic about the future. 
Abhishek Kumar: That's very detailed. One question for Savitha. Savitha, our 
medium-term margin aspiration of 20% plus, do you think in 
the current environment that kind of gets pushed out? I know 
we have not given any timeline, but still given the growth 
challenges, etcetera, do you think it will be a lot more gradual 
now to reach to that aspiration level? 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Yes, thanks, Abhishek. So, I would say we continue to 
remain bullish on the medium to long term also on the 
structural tailwinds available to the industry and the market. 
And therefore, we believe that our performance, both from a 
top line and a margin perspective, should benefit from that. So, 
to your question, the aspirational goal of 20% definitely 
continues to be live for us. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Karan Uppal from PhillipCapital. 
Karan Uppal: 
So, Warren, just a question on our anchor clients. What's the 
outlook there, both within JLR and Tata Motors? You sounded 
quite optimistic on the APAC business, which includes Tata 
Motors. So, what's the outlook there? And the larger context of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 30 
 
the question is, is Tata Tech to an extent, insulated from the 
headwinds which other ER&D players might be facing because 
of their higher exposure to the Western OEMs? 
Warren Harris: 
I think in terms of Q3, the performance of the anchor clients 
was robust. We didn't see any runoffs. Both of those 
organizations, in terms of their sales performance continued to 
do well. And we obviously have visibility on their investment 
plans, and we are confident that we will continue to support 
them in many of the ways that we are currently supporting 
them. 
 
So, we do not see any material change to the relationships and 
the performance of the anchor customers. In terms of - does 
our mix protect us vis-a-vis some of the competitors that are 
more exposed to Western geographies? I think the fact that 
we have a global footprint in terms of people and customers, I 
think that does interject some balance and some form of 
protection against the ebbs and flows in different markets. It's 
something that we've worked hard to build over the last 20 - 
25 years, and it's something that I think we'll continue to invest 
in. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Great. The second question is on aerospace. So, you 
sounded quite optimistic on the aero growth story. So, I just 
wanted to check with you in terms of the service mix, which 
services are finding traction at this point of time? Is it new 
product development? Is it MRO? Is it avionics? Any color 
would be helpful. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 30 
 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. Again, another fair question. We look at aerospace in the 
context of 4 areas. We look at aerostructures, which for us 
includes interiors. We look at propulsion systems, we look at 
MRO and we look at digital. And those are the relevant areas 
for us. Where we are seeing traction is digital, particularly in the 
context of manufacturing throughput. The likes of Airbus and 
Boeing and their associated supply chains can't build aircraft 
quickly enough. 
 
And so, they're leveraging technology to optimize the way in 
which they build aircraft, and we are playing a big part of -- a 
big role in that, particularly at Airbus. As far as the other 
sectors are concerned, MRO has been relatively stable for us. 
 
And aerostructures has really started to contribute in a 
material way. I announced in the last quarter, one of the deals 
that we had won with a business class seat manufacturer in 
Europe. And that has scaled during the third quarter and has 
now come online in terms of contributing in a material way. So 
that's going well. 
 
On propulsion, we are seeding the relationships with a number 
of North American engine providers through the placement of 
people and through some small project work. And that's 
helping us build relationships. And those things are going well 
and certainly give us confidence that we'll continue to scale 
that through this quarter and into the next fiscal year. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Rajiv Berlia from Citigroup. 
Rajiv Berlia: 
Two questions from my side. On the, I'll say the client bucket, 
10 million to 15 million, we saw one drop-in client. Can you 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 30 
 
please clarify that? And secondly, you mentioned in the 
opening remarks that you won four deals. From a trend 
perspective, can you talk about on the TCV, how the TCV has 
been the last three, four quarters? 
Warren Harris: 
Could you repeat the first question? I got the TCV question, 
but if you could repeat the first part of the question, I'd very 
much appreciate it. 
Rajiv Berlia: 
Yes. So, in the client metrics, if you look at it, 10 million to 15 
million size of clients, we saw on a sequential basis, a drop in 
client? 
Warren Harris: 
So, in terms of the drop-in clients, I think the primary impact 
has been the way in which VinFast is dropping through our 
various customer categories. The baseline effect of VinFast in 
terms of year-on-year comparisons continues to impact the 
way in which we look at not just customer categories, but also 
the growth trajectory of the company. 
 
I think Savitha commented in her opening comments that 
we've grown at 17% outside of VinFast in the last 12 months. So, 
we continue to perform well, but obviously, the runoff of that 
material engagement has impacted on our performance at an 
aggregate level. In terms of TCV, we don't disclose the 
quantum of deals that we closed. 
 
But what I would say is that from a large deal perspective, our 
performance in Q3 was commensurate with the performance 
in the first two quarters of this year. So, we've not seen a drop-
off in terms of our large deal conversion capability. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Kumar Saurabh, who's an Individual 
Investor. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
I'm Saurabh, a retail investor. I'm trying to buy stock of Tata 
Technologies for a long time, but unfortunately, its falling stock 
price is stopping me from enter into the stock. Now as I'm 
fortunate to talk with the management, I want to ask two 
questions. With a large portion of our revenue coming from the 
automotive 
sector, 
isn't 
there 
a 
significant 
risk 
of 
overdependence on this cyclical industry? What steps are we 
taking to diversify into other sectors? And what measurable 
progress have we made so far in diversifying our revenue 
stream? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. We have a significant amount of business in automotive. 
There are three verticals that we support, automotive, 
aerospace, and industrial heavy machinery. And we've built our 
brand and our reputation on the back of the value that we 
deliver to automotive. One of the things that distinguishes Tata 
Technologies is that we are still the only ESP in India that 
demonstrated its ability to be able to develop a full vehicle 
from concept all the way through, the launch of the vehicle and 
the delivery of the vehicle to the consumer. 
 
So that's a very strong part of our value proposition. And when 
we look at the industry, if we look at the market size, and we 
look at the growth projection, we think that there is more than 
enough headroom for us to satisfy the growth aspirations of 
our business in that space. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 30 
 
 
There will be -- as we have seen over the last couple of 
quarters, that there will be tactical slowdowns that we have to 
navigate our way through. But if we look at medium to long 
term, we think that there is a massive -- there will continue to 
be a massive opportunity in automotive.  
 
And that will be driven by the once-in-a-generation shift that 
we are seeing in the automotive sector as the industry pivots 
towards alternative propulsion systems, as the importance of 
software becomes more pervasive, and as the industry 
embraces the move to autonomous. These vectors of change, 
we believe, provide a significant amount of opportunity, and 
we think we are ideally positioned to take advantage of that. 
 
Now there is some diversification that we have in the business 
through the investments we made in aerospace and industrial 
heavy machinery. And those sectors, as we profiled previously, 
are growing at a very healthy rate. And one of the things that I 
think we benefit from is particularly as it pertains to smart 
manufacturing, there's fungibility across the three sectors that 
we're able to support. 
 
And so, we are able to leverage the investment we've made in 
automotive in these other sectors. But we constantly look at 
our strategy, and we always look at the balance that we need 
to affect between focus and diversification. And right now, we 
think we have the balance about right for where the company 
is at. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
That's very helpful. Next question. In the Investor Presentation, 
leadership mentioned that policy clarity would drive future 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 30 
 
growth. Does this indicate that our growth strategy is overly 
reliant on external factors? Shouldn't we place a stronger focus 
on internal readiness to ensure growth regardless of external 
conditions? 
Warren Harris: 
In terms of what we're doing to stimulate growth -- if I 
understand the question correctly, what are we doing to 
stimulate growth despite the impact of the external factors. I 
think -- I outlined in my opening comments, the investments 
that we are making in capitalizing our experience in IP and 
investing in technologies such as AI and GenAI. 
And through the investments that we're making in these 
platforms and these technology accelerators, we believe that 
we are building compelling propositions that not only make 
sense for our customers during times of good performance for 
them, but these are propositions that will make sense when 
things such as budgets are a little bit tighter. 
 
So, we're taking the opportunity to complement the headcount 
growth commitment that we are making by investing in IP and 
using both aspects of that value proposition to stimulate the 
type of growth that will help us navigate through the ups and 
downs of the various markets that we support. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Vidyadhar Ginde from Sohum Asset 
Managers. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: You did mention in one of your answers that the automotive 
industry in the West is facing an existential crisis. So, do you 
think that if some of the big auto players in the West, especially 
in Europe or the US, if they were to not survive or -- would it 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 30 
 
take considerable years before that happens? Or is that an 
event which can happen in the next 12, 18, 24 months? 
Warren Harris: 
Well, I think it's a great question that I'd love to discuss over 
dinner with you. But I think if I look at how things are likely to 
play out, the existential crisis does not mean that the 
capability that's in the automotive industry today will go away. 
The volumes still need to be delivered by somebody. And the 
plants and the IP and the skills and the capabilities will still 
continue to be relevant. 
 
I think that there are likely to be more mergers. I think there is 
likely -- there's likely to be more consolidation. I think you'll 
likely see new energy vehicle players continue to evolve in 
terms of their market position and the influence that they have 
over the overall market. So, I think that the industry is likely to 
change. And I think it's incumbent upon organizations like 
ourselves to ensure that we are agile and flexible. 
 
And we are in a position to take advantage of the change as it 
manifests itself. So, we're not intimidated by this existential 
challenge that I referred to before because we actually think 
there will be more and more opportunity that will be generated 
through the investments that the various players would have 
to affect. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: My understanding is that in terms of the EV part, except for 
Tesla and some of the top Chinese guys, almost all other 
players in the West are way behind. And so, is that correct? 
And so even if they merge some of these guys, how does it 
really help in a sense? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 30 
 
 
And is-- the gap between these top players in China and Tesla, 
can it be narrowed much in, say, 12-24-month time frame? 
Because from the other thing I understand is that one of the 
big issues for these guys is providing an EV, which -- in terms 
of quality, which matches these top guys plus at the price at 
which they are able to deliver, especially with the Chinese 
guys. 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, I'm sure you'll understand that I can't comment on 
individual companies, particularly those companies that are 
our customers. But what I will say is that, yes, China enjoys 
today a tech and a bill of materials advantage over the players 
in the West. But don't underestimate the capabilities of the 
European 
automotive 
industry 
and 
certainly 
don't 
underestimate the ability of the Americans to innovate and to 
play catch-up. 
 
And so, whilst there is an advantage that China has today, I'm 
fully confident that the Europeans and the Americans, those 
organizations that make the progressive calls and invest in the 
right areas, they will affect increasingly greater balance in 
terms of the EV marketplace. 
 
So again, this is an exciting space for us to be in because of the 
imbalance, again, in terms of the tech stack and in terms of 
bond cost, all of the players that are committed to being 
competitive in the future, all of them are having to invest, which 
by association provides opportunity for organizations like 
ourselves. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Ruchi Mukhija from ICICI Securities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 30 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the 
resilient performance. I wanted to check, Warren, in terms of 
client conversation, do we see any change in the commitment 
from our clients on the existing projects like deferral or 
temporary pauses? And secondly, on the new deals that we 
are winning, are they ramping as per the expected timelines? 
Warren Harris: 
In terms of customer decision making, what we've seen over 
the last six months is not really that delays the existing 
projects. The projects that have been committed to and the 
projects that we are engaged in have continued as expected 
and as planned. What we've seen is a delay in decision-making 
particularly as it pertains to things like power-trains. 
 
And as I referred to before, we expect clarity to be provided, 
particularly in the US and Europe during the early part of 
calendar year 2025, and that will, what we believe, translate 
into those decisions that have been delayed being made. So, 
we've not really seen any show closing of existing projects. The 
impact has really been on new business. 
Moderator: 
We'll have to take that as the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference back to Mr. Vijay Lohia for closing 
comments. 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you all for joining us on today's call. We hope we have 
addressed most of your questions. If you have any additional 
queries, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations 
team, and we'll be glad to assist you. Wishing you all the best 
and goodbye here from all of us. Thank you. 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Tata Technologies, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and 
gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
