VIBHOR STEEL TUBES LTD. 
(Formerly known as VIBHOR STEEL TUBES (P) LTD.) 
CIN: L27109HR2003PLC035091, Regd. Address: Plot No. 2, Industrial Development Colony, Delhi Road, Hisar (Haryana) - 
125005 India, Tel No.: 01662-237359, 222710, Email Id: contact@vstlindia.com, Website: www.vstlindia.com 
 
 
 
Plant Address: Pipe Nagar, (Vill. Sukeli), NH-17 BKG Road, Via – Nagothane, Teh. Roha, Distt. Raigad Maharashtra – 402126 Tel.: (02194) 238880 
Plant Address: SY No. 515 & 516, Udithyala (V), Balanagar (M), Mahabubnagar (Dist.), Telangana-509202, Mob No.- 7987621817 
VSTL: CS: Earnings Call/Q3/2024-25  
 
 
 
                   Date: 17-02-2025 
To,
Department of Corporate AƯairs, 
BSE LIMITED, 
P.J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
To,
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 
BSE Scrip Code: 544124
NSE Symbol: VSTL
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with respect to Un-audited Standalone Financial 
Results for the Quarter and Nine Months ended December 31, 2024 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is with reference to the Company intimation dated February 10, 2025 filed with the stock 
exchanges in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 regarding the earning conference call to discuss the un-
audited standalone financial results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024 
scheduled for Thursday, February 13, 2025 at 12:00 P.M, (1ST). 
 
Further to the audio recording filed with the stock exchanges on February 13, 2025, we are 
enclosing the Transcript of the said Earnings Call. 
 
The same is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.vstlindia.com under 
Financial Results in the Investor section. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited  
 
 
 
 
Mr. Lovkesh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Mem No. A68975 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lovkesh
Digitally signed by 
Lovkesh 
Date: 2025.02.17 
14:51:08 +05'30'

Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited 
Q3 and 9-Month FY’25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the Q3 and 9-month FY’25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited. 
We have with us today on the call today Mr. Mr. Vibhor Kaushik – Managing Director of the 
company. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management discussion concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
followed by ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
I would now request Mr. Vibhor Kaushik to share with the audience the company's 
performance in Q3 and 9-month FY’25. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
 Hello everyone. I welcome everyone on this call. I would like to begin with some positive news 
about our new upcoming plant in Jharsuguda. All the machineries for the pipe division are now 
installed and at the moment they are undergoing trial runs. The galvanizing tank for our hot-
dip galvanized process is also installed. All the permissions to the government have been put 
forward and we are expecting the permissions to come very soon. The only one aspect that we 
are eagerly waiting for is the electricity to come to the factory so that we can start our 
production in a complete manner. At the moment, the trial runs are done on the temporary 
electricity line that we have and also the generator that we have installed at the factory that is 
helping us to do all the trial runs. So, by the time our electricity comes we should be able to do 
complete performance operation with all the teething problems that a plant generally has in 
the beginning. All of that shall be taken care of. So, I wanted to start by giving this positive 
information to everyone here. 
Currently I am taking this call from our Hyderabad factory, which is located in Mahbubnagar, 
Telangana. There are some positive news here as well. One is we have successfully started our 
square pipe and hollow section production here and we are slowly building our presence in the 
market because earlier we were only doing round pipe from 0.5 inch to 12 inch. Now we have 
entered into hollow section as well for lower diameter and for the higher diameter. All of it has 
started to go in the market and the response is very positive from our dealer network. Apart 
from that in Hyderabad we have added another product which is a higher diameter 14 inch. 14 
inch we started our production only last month and that also is giving us very positive response. 
It has gone in the market and market has appreciated the quality, the finish of this product. 

Moreover in Hyderabad I would like to inform that our additional products such as Highway 
Guard Rail is doing phenomenally well, more than our expectation. When I say that it is more 
than our expectation I would like to highlight here that the order booking at this point in time 
is well above 2000 tons and our capacity to galvanize the highway guard rail is 2000 tons. So, it 
is a very positive news that we are able to run our galvanizing plant to full capacity here for 
Highway Guard Rail which is an additional product we only introduced very recently. Once the 
Jharsuguda operation starts that galvanizing tank which is having a capacity of over 4000 tons 
shall be very helpful in catering our strong market in these new product range such as Highway 
Guard Rail. Moreover I would also like to inform everybody present here that the additional 
product in terms of transmission line which is a structure base for the electricity is also showing 
a lot of promise. At the moment we have orders around 300 and 400 tons that we are also 
doing in Hyderabad and the market is very eagerly waiting that we start our Jharsuguda factory 
so that we can cater to more enquiries which are coming from transmission line. So, our already 
strong foothold of pipe which is going to be our backbone for our Jharsuguda plant in addition 
to that we have a very comfortable order booking in others as well which we were initially 
thinking of going slow but now because the response is very good it is a very comforting 
situation that our galvanizing tank shall be able to run to full capacity hopefully. This is what 
we are hoping in Jharsuguda. The steel pipe which we sell in the market under the general 
brand after Diwali has shown better requirements in the market which is generally used to be 
the case pre-COVID. After Diwali the market generally used to pick up and this is the same thing 
we have seen currently as well. 
As you can see that the tonnage deficit which was more in Q2 has now that deficit has come 
down and we shall be able to complete our targets to achieve all the MOU from our raw 
materials suppliers which was a little bit of a challenge earlier but now it does not seem to be 
a challenge at all because the market has come back and the demand has started and you can 
see that translated into our Q3 result in the top line as well. We are hoping Q4 shall continue 
in the similar manner. It was going in the same track, same line in January. It is February now 
and we are seeing the same demand, same order booking as well. It appears to me that we 
should be able to fulfil our targets, achieve our MOU targets fairly easily now. These are the 
positives in terms of the steel market. It appears that the government is going to be supportive 
to steel. There are safeguard duties which are being talked about and shall be coming. This is 
what our raw materials suppliers have been telling us and the same we are translating. 
Regardless of any safeguard duty or anything that the government will be supportive of, there 
is a certain demand which has been generated in Quarter 3 and that demand is continuing in 
Q4 as well. Regardless of any extra support that we get from the raw materials suppliers or 
from the government, the end user is showing that we shall be able to achieve our targets fairly 
easily. These are the positive notes that I wanted to communicate to everybody. Now if there 
are any questions, please feel free to ask and I will answer. Please go ahead. 

Moderator:`  
Sure. Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question, may press “*” and “1” on their touchtone telephone. If you wish 
to remove yourself from the question queue you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are 
requested to use a handset while asking questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. To ask questions please press “*” and “1”.  The 
first question is from Ashok Shah from Eklavya Invesco Family Office. 
Ashok Shah: 
 First of all, as we have already completed our expansion, was it on time or did we have to take 
it late in doing expansion and also by what time is this power expected to be started for 
commercial production? 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
This is a question that has given us a lot of struggle to be able to answer to our own self as well. 
How long will the electricity take. But now we have taken a lot of effort. We have established 
good communication with the government as well, with the industrial department as well and 
now we have found out that the power which was supposed to come to us in October has now 
been delayed for certain reasons. Our factory is located and the substation from where the 
electricity is supposed to come to us is located on the other side of the highway. So, there were 
some complications. They had to take permission. One government department had to take 
permission from the other government department such as the highway department. So, the 
file was pending due to these reasons. Now those hiccups are gone. All the permissions are 
streamlined, and contractors are there working. We see them every day. So, all the lines are 
laid out, the cable is laid out. The only transfer of the cable from one side of the highway to the 
other was pending and that work is now we can see visibly every day. So, now if they say that 
the electricity shall come to you in a month, it appears to be that the electricity will come to us 
within a month. But regardless of whether the electricity is coming in 15 days, 30 days or a little 
more, the good news is that we have started our trial run. Which means that when the 
electricity comes, all the machines go through certain technical parameters, certain operation 
steps. So, those steps are now underway which in itself takes around about a month. So, I think 
it looks like we should be able to streamline ourselves very soon for the production to start in 
Jharsuguda. 
Ashok Shah: 
So, sir, as you have stated, I think within 1- or 2-months production will start. So, can you just 
give some rough idea in the next year what will be the production, sales addition due to this 
increased production via in a rupee form also? 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
The northeast portion of India has very limited presence for our product, for our brand. This is 
a project that we were eyeing for many years now. The dealer network that we have in places 
like Raipur, in places like Bhubaneswar, in places like Calcutta has shown us a lot of inquiries 
and they are very eager for us to start. But when we look at a new plant, we look at certain 
things. For example, our galvanizing unit which is where most of our margins come from. I can 
tell this that besides 5, the other product that we have has got inquiries right now which we 
will be diverting to Jharsuguda. So, it should be running to a very good capacity. A forward-

looking statement is very difficult to say but it is extremely-extremely promising. I can tell that 
much, and it should generate a revenue. Historically speaking when we entered Telangana 6-7 
years ago, it gave us an additional turnover right from the word go when we started. We are 
expecting the similar thing, similar outcome from Jharsuguda as well. The reason being 
Telangana only catered to one city, Hyderabad. However, Jharsuguda caters to multiple areas. 
So, the stations are not a problem. There is Raipur that is demanding. There is Bhubaneswar 
that is demanding. There is West Bengal that is demanding. There are other parts of Northeast 
that are demanding and also in the south, Vishakhapatnam where we are not supplying also 
becomes a viable option for us from Jharsuguda. So, the number of stations that we will be 
catering from Jharsuguda is more than it was 7 years ago when we were putting up Hyderabad. 
So, it is very promising and it shall show result and I think it shall show result as soon as the 
operation starts and we are eagerly waiting for it to start 
 Ashok Shah: 
So, as a ballpark figure, should we expect more than 500 crore of sales addition in the current 
year, next year? 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
I would not like to put it in terms of the numbers. But I can put it in terms of tonnage that we 
see right now that our transmission line and Highway Guard Grid alone right now there is an 
enquiry that we can take towards 2,000-3,000 tons. The galvanizing capacity is 4000 tons. So, 
just the extra products that we have so many enquiries and pipe are waiting. So, Pipe in 
Hyderabad very first month we were able to complete a target of 2000 tons. So, it looks like if 
all of this is combined together we see 2000-4000 tons already. So, that is around about 50% 
of our capacities in Hyderabad. So, there is a definite turnover, and all the turnover is from 
galvanizing which has a higher markup value as well. So, I will not put it in terms of the value 
and say 500 is achievable. But I can tell you in terms of tonnage that we can already see that 
50% of our production in Hyderabad shall be able to come from Jharsuguda right away. 
Ashok Shah: 
So, at what price current valuation we are selling this production?  
Vibhor Kaushik:  
There is, all the products are little bit different, but we can take anywhere between 70,000- 
75,000 for these products. 
Ashok Shah: 
So, would it convert to sir, it is more than 300 crore of sales? 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
Mathematically speaking at the current price it appears. 
Ashok Shah: 
Yes. 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
It appears around about, if you do the math on this it comes over 300. But again, I would not 
like to keep the numbers because the prices of the steel is fluctuating all the time. Now they 
are talking about the prices going up. Yes. Because of the safeguard duty and everything. So, it 
might be different. So, that's why in terms of production we always say that this much of order 

booking is there in terms of tonnage. Value could go up and down but there is tonnage. The 
tonnage will remain that, the same. 
Ashok Shah: 
Sir, any plan for a solar plant to reduce power cost? We already have rooftop solar installed in 
Hyderabad and in Mumbai. So, we are already taking advantage of that. In Jharsuguda also 
rooftop is not very lucrative because in other states 1 megawatt is allowed, over there 500 is 
allowed as per my information. But we will install that in due time. But let us first go ahead and 
start our production, which is our first target and then in a few months we will take a call of 
how we are going to go ahead with the solar. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. A reminder to participants that you may press “*” and “1” to join the question 
queue. Ladies and gentlemen to ask a question please press “*” and “1”. The next question is 
from Divya Sharma who is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Divya Sharma: 
I have just a simple question. What will be EPS after this plant becomes fully operational? What 
earnings per share we are fighting for? 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
Our effort is to go ahead and it has taken up a lot of energy, a lot of effort to start this and also 
there has been a lot of manpower deployed to Jharsuguda as well. So, Jharsuguda has seen 
expense so far. Now production is yet to start and the production is promising. So, the earnings 
per share is subjective because there are external factors involved in it. There are many things 
involved in it. I can just tell you that we are looking at a very positive outcome from this plant 
and the timing could not have been better because at this point in time it appears that when 
we go to start our production the steel prices look stable or showing upward trend. Apart from 
that the new places where we are tapering, the new markets, the new product has a lot of 
demand. There is a lot of demand in construction. There is a lot of demand in the power. We 
are already getting, although we are a new player, we are already getting a lot of inquiries. So, 
we shall be able to have a positive turnover and these products that we have has better 
margins. So, it shall all translate into our books and if it translates into our books the EPS shall 
be looking much healthier. 
Divya Sharma: 
Just a random question, if this plant becomes fully operational to its full capacity? 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
Well, I think if it becomes fully operational then the sky is the limit. There are some things that 
I was saving for the end but now that this question has arrived there is another product which 
is going to come in Jharsuguda which is even more in terms of its margin. The machines have 
arrived. We have installed the machine. Test trials are going on which are, these are called the 
poles, octagon poles and monopoles. 
Divya Sharma: 
Yes, we have mentioned in previous con-call as well.  

Vibhor Kaushik:  
Yes, so octagon pole and high mast we are expecting to start at the same time as will be our 
pipe and as will be our Highway Guard Rails and as will be our transmission line. The only one 
unit which will take a little bit more time to start is a monopole which has a phenomenal 
demand right now, which is also electricity. It is another mode of transferring the electricity 
power. Instead of the conventional towers, more areas, monopoles are preferred. That 
machine is going to be delivered and shall reach us by the end of April. It looks like it right now, 
which is going to be an additional benefit. So, Jharsuguda just right now has a lot of potential 
as we see it and once this new product starts which also has a lot of demand, we are already 
getting enquiries from it. So, the overall scenario appears from Jharsuguda very-very positive, 
let alone that our strong backbone of pipe is going to be there to support us at all times but 
besides that these all products are showing a lot of potential. So, it is just positive, I cannot see 
anything which is not positive which is going to come from Jharsuguda. So, EPS and everything 
shall show a lot of improvement because once it starts to show in numbers, we are planning to 
give numbers like this for each and every product differently where investors can see what is 
our margins and how is it turning out. So, it is forward looking, so in forward looking to give a 
very right actual figure in terms of EPS is difficult but it appears very-very positive. 
Divya Sharma: 
Sir, but what could it be if we take a pessimistic approach? 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
You can consider it definitely better than at the moment what we have. 
Divya Sharma: 
Sir, can we expect at least more than 5, which was I think in previous year quarter, I think 
previous year quarter too, it was 5.61. 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
See, the way things are at the moment, I would say that it is achievable, maybe even better 
than that is achievable. Because this year there were corrections that have been due for as long 
as I would say 2 years. The prices of steel, everything went up during COVID and the corrections 
were expected. In other, maybe textile, you take any other products, the correction happened. 
But steel correction happened, it took its own sweet time, now those corrections are behind 
us. Now it appears that we are leveraged pretty well. So, yes, every outcome appears to be 
that what figures that you have in mind shall be achievable. But looking forward is difficult to 
say, but if you put everything together with the demand in the pipe sector, with the demand 
in all the other products, it is quite an achievable target. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Ashok Shah from Eklavya Invesco Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashok Shah: 
 Thank you for giving again the permission. Our depth is around 260-270 crores approximately. 
So, what is the next re-payment plans and how much interest is expected to reduce and are 
there any interest reactions due to positive outlook given by our care rating agency? 

Vibhor Kaushik:  
The rating has given a positive outlook, shall be giving a positive outlook. Our current 
requirement of funds is the same as last year. With the new production coming up, we will 
gauge how the market is, how the demand is. It appears that we might need to raise more from 
the bank because this is going to be a working capital that we will require. So, working capital 
banks have been supported. 
Ashok Shah: 
 So, sir, currently what interest rate we are seeing? 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
Our interest rate is difficult to say because the working capital is 9.5, there is a lot of LC and 
there is a lot of BG that we use when we procure our raw material. Each one of it is different. 
The interest is different but interest cost as a whole has reduced from before. Before as in 
before we went IPO, the IPO has arrived before that. The only difference is that the corrections 
of the steel has reflected very differently. But in terms of interest rate that has come down and 
it should continue to do so now. It remains at the same levels now. So, 9.5 for working capital, 
for BG and LC it is different. 7.5 somewhere, somewhere 8. So, it's all different. We are 
leveraging our funds differently according to the situation. 
Ashok Shah: 
So, in any category, it is not more than 10%. Is it true? 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
Well, my CFO can tell better but what I can remember, no, I do not think it is more than 10%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. A reminder to participants that you may press “*” and “1” to ask questions. Ladies 
and gentlemen, to ask questions, please press “*” and “1”. As there are no further questions, I 
would now like to hand the conference back to Mr. Vibhor Kaushik Kaushik, Managing Director, 
for closing comments. 
Vibhor Kaushik:  
 Thanks for all the questions. They were all very appropriate questions. At the end, I was saving 
it for the end, but during the question and answer itself, I have ended up revealing that we 
shall be starting Octagonal Pole and High Mast Pole as well. But apart from all the new products 
that we have, I would like to highlight that the association of our brand with Jindal is very strong 
and that is our backbone and every dealer that is associated with us in the Northeast is very, 
very eagerly waiting for us to start production there. Once production starts, just for our 
product, which we have been producing for the past over 20 years, it shall be able to generate 
enough growth in the company in terms of the turnover and also in terms of its bottom line. 
The outlook appears very positive in steel now. With the backing of the government, it appears 
there is a backing in the government. The prices shall appear to look stable, shall appear to 
even go higher. But more importantly, which is what we look at, there is a demand in the 
market which we are seeing because our sales have increased in this quarter and that sales 
shall continue in Quarter 4 as well for the pipes. So, with this, I would like to thank everybody 
and I would like to communicate with everyone that it is appearing very, very positive for this 
quarter and for the year to come. With all our new plants coming up, new products coming up, 
it is very, very positive for Vibhor Steel Tubes and thank you all for your support in our company 

and we shall bring all the expectations and translate into reality for everyone. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited, that 
concludes today's session. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
