 
 
 
Ref. No.: LIC/SE/2024-25/172 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: February 14, 2025 
To 
The Manager  
Listing Department,  
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai-400001 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5
th Floor, Plot C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400051 
Scrip Code: 543526 
Scrip Code: LICI 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with the Analyst/Investors 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call of Life Insurance 
Corporation of India (“the Corporation”) with Analyst/Investors held on February 07, 2025. 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Corporation and can be accessed from the link: 
https://licindia.in/web/guest/call-transcript-of-analysts-/-investors-meet.  
Please take the above information on record and arrange for its dissemination.   
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Life Insurance Corporation of India 
 
 
 
 
(Anshul Kumar Singh) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: a/a 
 
ANSHUL 
KUMAR SINGH
Digitally signed by 
ANSHUL KUMAR SINGH 
Date: 2025.02.14 
17:13:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
“Life Insurance Corporation of India 
Q3 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SIDDHARTHA MOHANTY – CEO & MD – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. R. DORAISWAMY – MANAGING DIRECTOR – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. M. JAGANNATH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. TABLESH PANDEY – MANAGING DIRECTOR – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. SAT PAL BHANOO – MANAGING DIRECTOR – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. DINESH PANT – APPOINTED ACTUARY AND EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, ACTUARIAL TEAM – LIFE INSURANCE 
CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. K. R. ASHOK – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ACTUARIAL 
TEAM – LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. SUNIL AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
FINANCE TEAM – LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. RATNAKAR PATNAIK – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
INVESTMENT FRONT OFFICE AND CHIEF INVESTMENT 
OFFICER – LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. K. SESHAGIRIDHAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
INVESTMENT-BACK OFFICE, INVESTMENT TEAM – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA  
 
MR. R. SUDHAKAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MARKETING 
AND CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER – LIFE INSURANCE 
CORPORATION OF INDIA 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
MR. HEMANT BUCH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MBAC – 
LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MS. MANJU BAGGA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, PENSION AND 
GROUP SCHEME – LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF 
INDIA 
 
MR. C.V. RAMANA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – CUSTOMER 
RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT, POLICY SERVICING – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. SANJAY BAJAJ – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the LIC's Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. We have senior management of LIC 
led by Mr. Siddhartha Mohanty, CEO and MD on this call. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddhartha Mohanty, CEO and MD, LIC. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Mohanty. 
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
Good evening, everyone. I am Siddhartha Mohanty, Chief Executive Officer & Managing 
Director, LIC. I would like to welcome all of you to the results and performance update call of 
Life Insurance Corporation of India for the nine months period ended December 31st 2024.  
Our results declared today have been uploaded along with press release and the Investor 
Presentation on our website as well as the websites of both the exchanges - BSE and NSE.   
Along with me, on this call, I have four Managing Directors, Mr. M. Jagannath, Mr Tablesh 
Pandey, Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo and Mr. R Doraiswamy.  Senior officials of the Corporation present 
on this call are  Mr. Dinesh Pant, Appointed Actuary & Executive Director & Mr K. R. Ashok, 
Executive Director from the Actuarial team, Mr. Sunil Agrawal, CFO from the Finance team, 
Mr. Ratnakar Patnaik, Executive Director (Investment-Front Office & CIO) and Mr K. 
Seshagiridhar, Executive Director (Investment – Back Office) from the Investment team, Mr. R. 
Sudhakar, Executive Director (Marketing & CMO), Mr. Hemant Buch, Executive Director 
(MBAC), Ms. Manju Bagga, Executive Director (Pension & Group Schemes), Mr. C. V. 
Ramana, Executive Director (CRM/Policy Servicing), and Mr. Sanjay Bajaj, Head (Investor 
Relations).  
I would like to start by thanking each and every one of you for taking the time to join us on this 
investor call, despite the late evening hour on a Friday. We appreciate your interest in LIC's 
performance and your ongoing support. 
Let me now mention the key business, operational and financial highlights for the nine months 
period ended December 31st, 2024. 
Premium Income:               
For the nine months ended December 31st, 2024 we have reported a Total Premium Income of 
INR 3,40,563 Crore as compared to total premium income of INR 3,22,776 Crore for the nine 
months ended December 31st, 2023 registering a growth of 5.51% on Year on Year basis. The 
Individual New Business Premium Income for nine months ended December 31st, 2024 was 
INR 42,441 Crore and for the corresponding nine months of last year it was INR 38,679 Crore 
thereby registering a growth of 9.73 % on Year on Year basis. Renewal Premium Income 
(Individual business) for nine months ended December 31st, 2024 was INR 1,78,975 Crore as 
compared to INR 1,71,040 Crore for nine months ended December 31st, 2023. Therefore, for 
the nine months period ended December 31st, 2024, our Total Individual Premium Income 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
including renewals was INR 2,21,416 Crore as compared to INR 2,09,719 Crore for nine months 
period ended December 31st, 2023 registering a growth of 5.58 % on Year on Year basis. 
The Group Business total premium income for nine months ended December 31st, 2024 was 
INR 1,19,147 Crore comprising of New Business Premium of INR  1,15,576 Crore. In 
comparison, for nine months ended December 31st, 2023 last year, the Group Business total 
premium income was INR 1,13,057 Crore and comprised of New Business Premium of INR 
1,08,796 Crore. Therefore, for this nine months ending December 31st 2024, the Total Group 
Premium has increased by      5.39 % as compared to similar period of previous year.  
Market Share: 
Our market share by First Year Premium Income for nine months ended December 31st 2024 
was 57.42% (as per IRDAI) as compared to 58.90% for the similar period ended December 31st, 
2023. Once again, we have maintained our dominant position in the Indian life insurance market 
and continue to be the leader in both - Individual as well as Group business segments. 
Now, if we bifurcate this overall market share of 57.42% into segment wise share of individual 
and group business, we would have a market share of 37.21% in Individual business and 71.70% 
in the group business for the nine months ended December 31st 2024. On a comparable basis 
for the nine months ended December 31st 2023, the respective market shares for Individual and 
Group business were 38.74% and 72.24%, respectively.  
Break Up of Business on APE basis: 
Total Annualized Premium Equivalent (APE) for nine months ended December 31st 2024 was 
INR 37,975 Crore which comprised of Individual APE of INR 24,612 Crore and Group APE of 
INR 13,363 Crore. Therefore, on APE basis, the individual business accounts for 64.81% and 
Group business accounts for 35.19%. Further, of the Individual APE, the Par business accounts 
for INR 17,799 Crore and Non Par amounts to INR 6,813 Crore. Therefore, our Non Par share 
of Individual APE is   27.68% and Par is 72.32% for nine months ended December 31st 2024. 
As you may recall, for the nine months period ended December 31st, 2023, our Non-Par share 
of total individual business, based on APE, stood at 14.04%. Since then, our Non-Par APE has 
increased substantially from INR 3,299 Crore to INR 6,813 Crore. This marks a significant year-
on-year growth of 106.52% in Non-Par APE. As you will observe we are being extremely 
consistent in implementing our product mix strategy which includes shift towards Non Par 
business.  
Profit After Tax:  
The Profit after Tax (PAT) for the nine months ended December 31st 2024 was INR       29,138 
Crore as compared to INR 26,913 Crore for nine months ended December 31st 2023 registering 
a growth of 8.27% on Year on Year basis.   
 
 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
VNB and VNB Margins:  
Net VNB was INR 6,477 Crore for the nine months ended December 31st 2024 as compared to 
INR 5,938 Crore for the nine months ended December 31st 2023 registering a growth of 9.08% 
on Year on Year basis. Further, the net VNB margin was 17.1% for the nine months ended 
December 31st 2024 as compared to 16.6% for the nine months ended December 31st 2023 
showing improvement by 50 basis points on a Year on Year basis. 
Solvency Ratio:  
The Solvency Ratio as on December 31st 2024 improved to 2.02 as against 1.93 on December 
31st, 2023. 
Assets Under Management (AUM): 
Assets Under Management (AUM) as on December 31st 2024 was INR  54,77,651       Crore as 
compared to INR 49,66,371 Crore as on December 31st 2023. Therefore, our AUM has 
registered a growth of 10.29 % on Year on Year basis.  
Product Mix and New Product launches:  
Post the implementation of the IRDAI (Insurance Products) Regulations, 2024, effective from 
October 1st, 2024, we have launched a comprehensive suite of 38 products as of December 31st, 
2024, which include 24 individual products, 8 group products, 5 individual riders and 1 group 
rider, all of which are fully compliant with the regulatory requirement related to Surrender Value 
and the IRDAI Master Circular on Life Insurance Products.  
No. of Policies Sold : 
During the nine months ended December 31st, 2024, we sold 1,17,10,505 new policies as 
compared to 1,25,56,046 new policies in nine months ended December 31st 2023, registering a 
decrease of 6.73% over the corresponding period of last year. 
Agency Workforce: 
As on December 31st 2024, the total number of agents was 14,19,480 as compared to 13,73,761 
as on December 31st 2023. The market share by number of agents as on December 31st, 2024 
stands at 47.40% as against 49.67% for December 31st 2023. 
On number of policies sold basis, the agency force sold 1,13,56,466 policies during the nine 
months ended December 31st 2024 as compared to 1,21,15,643 policies during the 
corresponding period of last year registering a decrease of 6.27%. Further, approximately 97% 
of our policies in the nine months ended December 31st 2024 were sold by our Agency force. 
Even on premium basis, around 95% of New Business Premium came from our Agency channel 
in the first nine months of current financial year.  
 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Contribution by Banca and Alternate Channel (BAC): 
The Banca Channel collected New Business Premium Income of INR 1,451.64 Crore for the 
nine months ended December 31st 2024 and for the corresponding nine months of last year it 
was INR 1,106.12 Crore thereby registering a growth of 31.24% on Year on Year basis. Further, 
the Alternate Channel collected New Business Premium of INR 552.31 Crore for the nine 
months ended December 31st 2024 as compared to INR 422.94 Crore for nine months ended 
December 31st, 2023 registering a growth of 30.59% on Year on Year basis. Therefore, for the 
nine months ended December 31st 2024, total New Business Premium collected by Banca and 
Alternate Channel was INR 2,003.95 Crore which was INR 1,529.06 Crore for the nine months 
ended December 31st 2023 registering a growth of 31.06% on a Year on Year basis. With this 
the share of Banca and Alternate Channel by New Business Premium has increased to 4.73% 
for the nine months ended December 31st 2024 as compared to 3.96% for similar period last 
year. Further, the Banca and Alternate Channel sold 3,47,766 policies for the nine months ended 
December 31st 2024 as against 4,36,006 policies for nine months ended December 31st 2023 
registering decline of 20.24% on Year on Year basis.  
Our Overall  Expense Ratio:  
For the nine months ended December 31st 2024, the overall expense ratio was         12.97% as 
compared to 15.28% for the first nine months of last year. Therefore, there is decrease of 231 
basis points on Year on Year basis. 
Persistency: 
On premium basis, the persistency for 13th, 25th, 37th, 49th and 61st month upto the quarter 
ended December 31st, 2024 stands at 76.66%, 71.67%, 67.10%, 63.39% and 61.84%, 
respectively, as compared to 78.00%, 71.92%, 67.28%, 64.92% and 62.40%, respectively upto 
the quarter ended December 31st 2023.  
On number of policies basis, the persistency for 13th, 25th, 37th, 49th and 61st month, upto the 
quarter ended December 31st 2024 stands at 67.47%*, 60.10%, 53.84%, 51.17% and 49.22%, 
respectively, as compared to 67.22%, 58.59%, 54.80%, 52.01% and 50.23%, respectively, upto 
the quarter ended December 31st 2023.  
We are committed in our ongoing efforts to keep improving persistency across all cohorts. 
Operational efficiency and Digital Progress: 
In our digital initiative through the Agent assisted ANANDA app, we have completed                       
9,72,504 policies through this App during the nine months ended December 31st 2024 as 
compared to 7,84,856 policies for the period ended December 31st 2023 thereby registering a 
growth of 23.91% on Year on Year basis. There was a growth of 27.36% in number of active 
agents in ANANDA app for nine months ended December 31st 2024. 
* Erratum: to be read as “66.47%” 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
DIVE (Digital Innovation & Value Enhancement) and Jeevan Samarth Initiatives: 
Our DIVE (Digital Innovation & Value Enhancement) and Jeevan Samarth initiatives, led by 
Boston Consulting Group and AT Kearney, respectively, are progressing well. These initiatives 
are aimed at driving digital transformation, enhancing customer experience and agency 
transformation. We are confident that these initiatives will have a significant impact on our 
business and help us to improve operations. 
Claims: 
On the individual claims front, during nine months ended December 31st 2024, we have 
processed 1,45,92,285 number of claims which includes 1,39,70,059 Maturity and Survival 
Benefit claims. On an amount basis during first nine months ended December 31st 2024, the 
total maturity claims were INR 1,47,739 Crore and the total death claims were INR 17,588 
Crores. On a comparable basis for first nine months of last year ended December 31st 2023, the 
maturity claims were INR 1,30,222 Crore and death claims were INR 16,288 Crore. Therefore, 
the death claims are higher by 7.98 % and the maturity claims are higher by   13.45 % on a Year 
on Year basis.  
New Marketing initiatives – Empowering Women through Bima Sakhi Yojana: 
Bima Sakhi Yojana or Mahila Career Agent Scheme was launched by  Hon’ble Prime Minister 
on 9th Dec 2024 which is a step towards Viksit Bharat through empowerment of women. LIC 
is proud to be associated in the nation’s progress by including women as partners by providing 
them with opportunity of becoming Bima Sakhi and thus becoming self-reliant. The Bima Sakhi 
scheme has been received by the nation with great enthusiasm. Till date more than 1,25,000 
women have been registered out of which more than 70,000 Bima Sakhis have been appointed.  
Awards and Accolades: 
The list of awards won during nine months ended Dec 31st 2024 is presented on Slide No. 61 of 
the Investor presentation which signify that LIC is a customer-centric and innovative 
organization that is committed to excellence in all aspects of its business. It also acknowledges 
LIC's outstanding performance in the life insurance industry, demonstrating its ability to deliver 
exceptional results and achieve its goals. 
Before I close, I would like to list down significant achievements during the quarter:  
1) 
PAT has registered a growth of 8.27% on a Year on Year basis to INR 29,138 Crore. 
2) 
Our overall APE growth is 6.11% on a Year on Year basis. This represents strong 
underlying secular growth in both Individual and Group Business. 
3) 
Our Non Par share of Individual APE business has further grown to 27.68% for nine 
months ended December 31st, 2024 as compared to 14.04% of the same period for 
previous year. 
4) 
VNB has also increased by 9.08% on a Year on Year basis for first nine months of 
FY25. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
5) 
VNB margin has shown a positive bias, with a 50 basis points increase to      17.1% 
for nine months ended December 31st, 2024. 
6) 
AUM has increased by INR 5,11,280 Crore as on December 31st 2024 registering a 
growth of 10.29 % on a Year on Year basis.  
7) 
While maintaining growth in all parameters we have kept a focus on costs and as you 
can see the Overall expense ratio is down by 231 basis points to 12.97% for nine 
months ended December 31st, 2024. 
8) 
Our agency is growing in numbers and now stands at 14.19 lakh as at end of December 
31st, 2024 increasing by approximately 3.33% Year on Year.  
Now, I would like to end by stating that:  
“Our results demonstrate the resilience and adaptability of our organization, as we continue to 
navigate the evolving landscape of the life insurance industry. As we look ahead to the remainder 
of FY25, we are cautiously optimistic about our prospects. We expect the life insurance industry 
to continue growing, driven by increasing awareness and demand for insurance products. We 
are well-positioned to leverage this growth, with our strong brand, extensive distribution 
network, and innovative products.” 
So thank you, friends. Now we are open to questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question comes from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay 
Global Financial Services. Please go ahead.  
Avinash Singh: 
Two questions. The first one is on margin. And here, I am looking how the margins were at first 
half vis-à-vis how they have gone to 9 months. Now between first half to 9 months, if I were to 
look, if at all the bond yields have softened may be by 10, 15 basis points, and you also had this 
new surrender value regulations implementation. 
 
Now in this backdrop, we get the par margins, if I just try to take out Q3 has gone up from, say, 
10% in first half to 13% for the quarter, taking the cumulative margin to 10.8%, so this 13% for 
par. Similarly on the non-par also, these are just marginal uptick. 
Now this despite the bond is softening and surrender regulation implementation. So what had 
been the kind of underlying drivers? I mean, how did you have you kind of a change in a way 
you pay out the distribution commissions? Or you have dramatically changed the benefits in 
your products? What had changed that has kind of driven this margin improvement despite the 
bond yields going down on this implementation of new surrender value regulation? So that's 
question one. 
And question number two is now on your non-par savings, particularly the non-par saving, not 
ULIP or not annuity, non-par saving, the regular non-par guaranteed saving product, now that is 
a reasonably big number even for your balance sheet of your size. Now your individual non-par 
APE is INR 3,000 to INR 3,100 crores for the 9 months, almost like up 120%. 
Now can you please help us, how are you now hedging the -- your -- this guaranteed risk? Have 
you kind of started entering into FRA agreement or something else? Because now this number 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
has become pretty, pretty big. I mean until last year, these numbers were kind of manageable in 
the balance side -- balance sheet size of yours, but now this is becoming bigger and bigger. So 
have you already started kind of entering into FRA agreement and all? How are you hedging 
this kind of interest rate risk in this guarantee product? These are my 2 questions. 
Dinesh Pant: 
Yes. Good evening. Dinesh Pant, here. To your first question on margin maintenance, see, there 
are 2, 3 things which are very critical here that post 1st October 2024 when we have to implement 
Product Regulations. As we all know, the surrender value methodology as well as the payouts 
have changed, and that would have had an impact on the viability of the product, of course, on 
the margins also. 
So from that point of view, we did some critical changes in our products and since we mentioned 
about participating products. Besides the point of ensuring that we should be compliant to the 
regulation, the ultimate focus was the profitability of the product as well as the persistency of 
the products to be ensured going forward. So certain changes were done. 
We had a revision in premium rates in some of the products, depending upon -- not all the 
products. Some of the products which are already having good margins, there, we did not change. 
But in many of other products, we had a revisit to the premium rate. 
Second important change that we did was that products which were showing less worth, I would 
say, or reducing impact on the persistency, we revised their minimum ticket sizes because we 
clearly know that based on the ticket size, the experience of persistency changes. So that also 
changed so that the expected behaviour post surrender should not cause us a dent. 
And then thirdly, the age bands at which we are going to provide these products was also 
relooked. So all these things ensured that the margins, despite of the interest rate to our RFR 
changing to other direction, are protected and the experience of persistency, which comes out of 
the product because that is directly related to the ticket size and the premium also. Besides that 
the mode of payments also they controlled in which ways we were seeing that the persistency 
experience is not good. So all of that ensured that. 
And -- but beyond that, what we did in the participating. As you would have seen, from around 
14.04% or so to 27%-plus. This mix of business has also played a very important factor. It is not 
that the margin of every line of business or every product within the non-par ones would have 
increased. But it has been a combination of the product mix, means the greater proportion of the 
non-participating business as you know, the margins is in non-participating products are better. 
So both these things have all played a role in participating by the revisit to the design of the 
product. And in overall, when we moved from 16.6% to 17.1%, that has been because of the 
change in portion of the overall business. So that was the first part. 
As regards the second part on the derivative, I am happy to share with you that all -- since we 
have been telling and sharing this information, that our policies arrangement as regard to the 
derivative readiness were in place. And this month, we have already started the journey of 
entering into FRA. And we expect to start this in a good manner within this financial year and 
definitely going forward. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
So we are already onboarded to the derivative provisioning. And we also look forward to 
utilizing the new announcements, which have come in RBI policy today on the bond forward 
also. So definitely, we are going to utilize these opportunities, and we are ready and we have 
started on that journey. I hope that answers you. 
Avinash Singh: 
Just a follow-up on the first part, that if I heard you correctly, because you have kind of pruned 
your portfolio to sort of -- in terms of ticket sizes in band and all to sort of have a better 
persistency experience, that means that you are saying that, I mean, your operating assumption 
in terms of persistency for the policies sold after 1st October is improved versus what it was 
earlier? I mean you are now assuming a better persistency. That's one. 
The second, again, given that how the numbers are coming, I mean, of course, you are a market 
leader by a wide margin. But in individual side, you have been losing markets share. And if you 
were to -- or rather you have cut the policyholder benefit or revised premium rates upward, don't 
you see that will further kind of continue to affect your market share or growth in retail business? 
Dinesh Pant: 
You rightly mentioned, actually, there are certain aspects which we have to definitely balance 
in order to ensure that the profitability is maintained. But the appeal to the product is also 
retained. And beyond that, the third element of distributors' interest. So that's another element, 
which I'd liked to add when I was answering the first part of it. The realignment of the 
commission rates was also done along with those changes. 
Now the intent for these changes was definitely not to increase the margin, but to ensure that the 
margins are not hit as well as the experience. Now currently, when we have calculated this 
margin, what we have considered is that that's why it's not a huge jump. And another important 
point is that the premium rates have not been significantly changed. They are very range-bound. 
And as I said in my first response, not in all products. So wherever the correction was required, 
they're only for that. 
So as of now, everybody would know that it's very difficult to predict what would be the 
experience of surrender. But what was very clear that the payouts will be higher even at the 
given rate of surrender or withdrawals happening. So what we are trying to -- we are trying to 
protect those aspects, realign the commission, realign premium rates. We are very conscious 
about this fact that we have to ensure that not only VNB margins are protected, but VNB as well 
as value for the customer is very paramount. 
So going forward, if this premium rate -- since you mentioned our participating products because 
-- just because surrender value, provisions have increased does not mean customers will start 
surrendering more policies now. Only possibly, they may feel more safe. They may find more 
liquidity in these policies, and they may get more attracted towards this policy. 
Should that be the case and should that happen, it will actually -- going forward, in a year or 2, 
we'll get to the actual behavior. And should it help that continuity of better persistency? Possibly. 
There is a scope for review into the bonus rate which will be given. 
So our ultimate purpose is that this should be a win-win proposition in which neither the 
customer should lose out, neither the investors who are invested into the insurance company 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
should lose out. So it's a very -- very, very tight, but very critical journey that we have 
undertaken. In that process, we have tried to engage with our distributing -- distributors also so 
that there's a proper expectation. 
That's why the alignment of the incentives to the distribution force has also been done so that 
the behavior is driven towards higher persistency, which is definitely higher persistency and 
continuity means better value for the customer as well as for the agency force because longer 
the policy survives, longer is the payout period for the commissions. So that is the overall 
strategy in this context. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit. 
Supratim Datta: 
My first question is -- so -- since the IPO, we have been talking about initiatives to improve 
persistency. And I know again, in this quarter, post the surrender charge regulations, we have 
made changes to our policies. But when I look at the 9-month data and when I look-- the 
persistency has come off or has declined as compared to what was there last year. 
 
So just wanted to understand, despite these initiatives, why isn't it really getting reflected in the 
numbers? I understand that the surrender impact -- the changes that you have made will come in 
later. But over the last 2 years also, we have made several changes. Despite that, that does not 
flowing into an improvement on persistency. Just wanted to hear your thoughts on that. 
Two, on the hedging mechanism, I understand that you have put in place a hedging mechanism 
from January onwards. But would that take into consideration -- or would that take care of the 
rate cut that happened today? Or will it have an adverse impact on the policy or -- the VNB 
margins of the non-par products, which has already been written? So if you could throw some 
color there, given I understand you did not have external hedging before this that's why I wanted 
some color on that. So those are my 2 questions. 
Dinesh Pant: 
Yes. On the first part, on the persistency, you're right that there's a dip in the persistency as 
observed, except for the 25th month where there's still an improvement. But you would have 
seen that in the past quarter, there has been a definite improvement. And we have been very 
concious about it, and therefore, very quick revisit and modification products that happened. 
And then what we deducted that in some of the products where the lower ticket sizes were 
existed. Actually, there was -- the persistency experience was significantly different as compared 
to the overall portfolio, and there was some heavy business over there. That is a reason, in those 
products, in this recent revision, we have increased the ticket size to the level where it remains 
affordable, where it remains available to the customer, but the persistency experience can be in 
line with what we are attempting. 
As to the part -- the second part on hedging, you will appreciate that when we calculate VNB 
margins actually, the hedging does not play any significant role. It is basically on the sensitivities 
around VNB where the hedging comes into play. So going forward and hedging is -- actually, 
we cannot control the market rate. We have no options there. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
So -- but the control on the profitability or the value of the product is not just based on hedging. 
Should we find that the level of available opportunities even for hedging in the market are not 
aligned to the pricing, then there's no option but to look into the pricing itself. 
So it will be a combination of sustainability of the pricing assumption coming, and that's why 
the opportunities are available in the financial market or derivative market as it be, or otherwise, 
as a relook or come out with them, possibly other opportunities should be, looking towards such 
lines of businesses, greater progress during those times or downtime in interest rate scenarios 
where the sensitivity may not be high, for example, products like ULIPs or participating, where 
you can actually utilize more of equity exposure to be able to manage your discretionary benefit. 
So it is going to be definitely a dynamic situation, and that we should be working. 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. Sir, I just wanted to understand then what would be -- is there a target proportion that we 
would like to hedge? Or how are we approaching that? In all, we would look at it based on the 
rates available in the market based on that, we'll design our hedging strategy every month or 
every quarter? 
Dinesh Pant: 
See, we are guided by the regulations in this regard. So our entire exposure is available as a cash 
flow. And the challenge in hedging strategies also because it is not only for -- though it is allowed 
for the current cash flow, but you have to do business to get return in the future also. 
So the hedging strategy by itself cannot be the solution for everything. It will have to be 
continuous combination of what is available in the hedging. Again, if you foresee that the interest 
rates are going to go down, you'll have to continue to book the derivative whatever is available 
because it's not again your choice. 
But then you have to, again, as I was mentioning earlier, look into whether that hedging solution 
is in sync with your pricing rate. Should it not be the case, the revisit to pricing or restructuring 
of products will be there. So it is going to be a combination of both those things, which we are 
going to be operating here. 
Supratim Datta: 
Just one last question. There have been news articles on open architecture in agency. Just wanted 
your thoughts on that given agency accounts for around 98% of your new business premiums -- 
individual new business premiums. If open architecture is implemented in agency, then how 
does that change your current training regimes or how you recruit agents and develop them? If 
you could throw some light there, that would be very helpful. 
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
We have earlier made our position very, very clear. Open architecture to LIC is not a good idea 
because to develop any captive distribution channel, it takes a lot of time, energy, cost, 
everything. So if you allow suddenly your captive agency channel to work for others. 
 
So if you see overall growth of the industry will also be impacted because if one agent works 
for all other companies, so companies themselves, they may not be interested to recruit because 
recruitment and training it involves a lot of cost. So we have made our position very clear. 
And even if it is implemented, we are ready because you see our agency profession is almost 
like a full-time job. Agents do not get only commission they get all other things like gratuity, 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
group insurance, then advances are there, they are entitled for loans for vehicle, loans for 
housing, so many benefits they are entitled. So if it comes, then all these things LIC will have to 
have a recalibrated approach to enter agency model as it works today. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Gaurav Jain from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Congratulations to the team on being able to demonstrate a consistent shift towards high margin 
on products. Sir, few questions from my side. One is sir in -- today, the monthly numbers also 
came out. And there also we have seen some decline in APE. So what are the steps that we are 
taking to arrest this APE decline and get back on the APE -- individual APE growth trajectory 
again? That is my first question. 
R. Sudhakar: 
This is Sudhakar, ED Marketing. The APE is a function of the product mix which is being sold. 
So after the product revisions which were done in October, it takes some time for the agents to 
understand the products, understand the differences of the benefits which have been added. So 
it's only a temporary kind of, I would say, in fact and already by now, we are back on track on 
that. 
Dinesh Pant: 
And I would just like to add to that beyond see -- the press release that you have mentioned that 
we have got certain new products. We have added more products, almost 50 products, including 
riders by now, which have been there. And we have filed more products also, which are subject 
to consideration -- which are under consideration. So that's a continuous strategy to add to the 
product line so that more and more needs for the customers and the distribution and marketing 
force are met with. 
So coupled with now better understanding about why these decisions have been taken better -- 
and ULIP supported with wider range of products, more products added now and more products 
to be added in this quarter and beyond, some of which are going to be very innovative products 
also. We expect that the trajectory of growth which was there earlier, and in fact, even better 
will come back soon -- very soon. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Got it. Sir, just one more question from my side. I understand we give, sir, EV on a half yearly 
basis. But given equity markets have been volatile, will it be possible to give us some direction 
on how EV have moved on this December 24 quarter, sir? 
K. R. Ashok: 
Actually, we have not been disclosing the Embedded Value on a quarterly basis. We have been 
doing it on a half yearly basis only. And we'll -- on the frequency, we will have a relook at it. 
But for the current quarter, we are not disclosing this. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Got it, sir. It will be helpful if you consider giving it on a quarterly business going forward, sir, 
and you have said that you'll be looking at it, and that will be helpful. Congratulations once 
again. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just a few questions from my side. First is, did you mention on the persistency part and that in 
the new product regime, given that you have kind of changed some of the cohort selections in 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
terms of ticket size and age, and you expect the surrender incremental to do better? So I just 
wanted to understand when you're kind of calculating the margin number are you -- have you 
kind of changed any of the assumptions? Or are you building better assumption from this new 
product that have been launched since October? So that is my first question. 
Second question is -- can I mention that you don't -- you're not giving out the Embedded Value 
number for December. But since we get the public disclosures with a lag, can you just mention 
the balance sheet data for the credit and debit in Fair Value Change Account? Is that possible? 
And third question is, when you look at the ticket size of your individual new business, across 
the board, whether it's non-par, par, we have seen a significant jump compared to historical 
averages. So is this what you're referring to the kind of focus on higher-ticket cohorts? Those 
are my 3 questions. 
Dinesh Pant: 
Yes. Definitely. See, the ticket size -- to the first part, which we're asking about whether we have 
factored in better persistency, not exactly. We are not testing anything, which is overpromising 
from the current level. Should we do it, we'll disclose it. But yes, we continue to keep revisiting 
our assumption based on the experience that -- and the trends which are available with us. 
So currently, we have not factored in any better persistency expectation. As I mentioned earlier 
also, we will try to see that. But the impact of -- and also noting that the reference rate, the risk-
free rates have gone down. So the VNB margins are -- despite of that, because they were on the 
lowering direction. So there is actually around 2.1% or so negative impact of that. 
But the business mix, as I mentioned, added around 2.4%, which is a part of disclosure; and 
slight addition coming from operating assumptions, which is on count of mortality actually, yes, 
yes, and not based on the current assumption. Therefore, what we are thinking and confident 
about is that we -- with this better remodifications in this product and hoping that and believing 
that with this ticket size, the actual withdrawal rate should not be higher, but we would like to 
observe it over a period of time. 
So currently, these margins are basically on account of revised premiums, which have been there, 
better ticket size which is there, only factoring to the extent that it will not give us worse 
experience than currently, not adding any better experience on that count, factoring in the risk-
free rate downside. And -- but also, as I mentioned earlier, largely because of the ability to 
change the product mix. All this has been added together, and this is the outcome of it. 
Dinesh Pant: 
I hope that answered. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Yes. And the question on the balance sheet data, if that's possible? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Fair Value Change Account for the policy holder as on 31st December in the balance sheet is 
INR 7,06,449 crores and shareholders is INR 1,387** crores. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it, sir. Sir, I can just squeeze in one small question, and this is not for the quarter, but more 
for medium term. We have seen the VNB being supported by margin expansion over the last 
maybe 12 to 18 months. Even when the APE has seen some sort of pain or kind of slower 
momentum -- sorry, have better momentum. 
** Erratum: to be read as “-80.17 crores” 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
 
Even when APE has been kind of weaker, we have seen VNB margin expansion from, let's say, 
the IPO time having supported the VNB. Now you're already operating at a decent non-par. 
Maybe it goes up another 5%, 10%. So once you achieve a steady-state margin, post that, I think 
VNB group naturally becomes a function of the APE. And that has been kind of a little bit lower 
than the private industry for some time now. 
So directionally, how should one think of medium-term growth for a company of your size and 
scale, and also keeping in mind the competitive pressure out there? 
Dinesh Pant: 
I take your point, but our view is that from here going forward, there's a scope and there's 
definite, as we have mentioned also. We look forward to the business mix because even then the 
VNB margin is improving, there are certain aspects within the line of businesses on the segment. 
The way is possible and will be done. So based on that, we are looking forward to a consolidation 
and improvement in VNB margin. So definitely, going forward, it is going to be better than this. 
So there's an uptick in the VNB margin itself. 
And I agree that VNB margin alone is not going to be sufficient for the directional change 
towards VNB. So that is the reason what we are trying -- the consideration is that number of 
days should grow and the ticket size should grow. So that will lead to better APE. And there is 
sort of communication there with the distribution channel coupled with the improved VNB 
margins shall lead us to the VNB direction. 
 
And what you mentioned is partially true. Over last many quarters, actually, we have shown 
significant APE growth. In fact, last quarter was almost -- September quarter of 24% or so. So 
our VNB journey, which has been very satisfying, continues on base of both the things VNB 
margins, not only on VNB margin, along with the focus on the APE. So both these continue to 
be the focus here. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Sir, any plans to recoup the group business? I mean there have been some sort of market 
share moderation in 1 or 2 years? 
Dinesh Pant: 
Growth -- we are actually very heavy on the funded-based business, but we have recently 
changed a lot of focus towards the risk portion OYTA scheme, which are there OYRGTA 
scheme. And we are trying to consolidate there, in fact, I think now about INR 3,000 crores of 
premium or so – INR 2,000 crores around the premium, is coming from and that's a significant 
thing. 
And within group also and within funded also, with a significant portion of annuity also, which 
can be a good margin business. So within group, it gives good top line as well as -- if not in 
margin terms but in VNB terms, it's a good contributor. So we will continue to remain focused 
on group also. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, your non-par margin, if I see last year, it was 60 percentage. Today, it is 44.3 percentage. 
So just wanted to understand if hedging been incorporated incrementally because -- then what 
likely impact you will see on the margin because of hedging cost incrementally getting 
incorporated? 
And second, is it fair to say that 60 percentage drop falling to -- 60% margin falling to 44% is 
predominantly because in non-par, ULIP contribution went up? Or at the product level, the 
margins have compressed? That's my first question, sir. 
K. R. Ashok: 
As regards to the first question, actually, the hedging will not have the impact on margins, but it 
will have impact on the sensitivity. And any hedging effect will flow through to the IEV. The 
reason because the hedging is allowed only for the existing business and not for the business 
that is procured. 
Coming to the second part on margins. Actually, if you look at the walk-on margins, there is sort 
of a balancing -- tight balancing that is happening. One is pushing the margin south due to the 
fall in the risk free rate, and that is more than sufficiently balanced by the business mix, greater 
movement towards non-par products, which has higher margins. So actually, going forward, we 
are focusing on the business mix which we feel is a driver for the margins. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, my question was more related to only non-par because non-par margin last year, we ended 
at 60%. Today, it is at 44.3%. Sir, just wanted to understand this 16% correction in the margin. 
Is it because of the higher ULIP contribution? Or is it because you made products more attractive 
to the consumers? 
Dinesh Pant: 
You're right, the combination of both those things. One is ULIP, definitely, as you know, is not 
heavy-margin business as well as some of the annuity products there also the margin because of 
the -- our risk-free rates coming down has compressed, so largely because of these 2 things. And 
we have seen heavy growth and significant growth in non-par saving in the last year. 
 
We have a decent growth this year also. So the combination of those things are largely because 
significant growth has happened in ULIP business. So that has brought down the margins to that 
extent, which has been more than compensated by actually growth in the non-par business itself. 
So that's going to be a strategy. See, we will -- we can never focus on margin alone because 
marketability of the product is also going to be a very critical factor. So this rebalancing on -- 
because ultimate aim is to get the best outcome in the product of margin and the volume is going 
to be the consideration. So that is what we have been able to achieve and that will continue to 
be the strategy going forward in any competitive market. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, sir. Sir, second thing was that, is it fair to tell that to your agents focusing more on non-
par has indirectly had a negative bearing on the par business? And that segment is seeing struggle 
to grow -- or are we struggling to grow rather while -- at the expense of non-par? So at what 
time you will see that a par business will plateau out and we will see incremental growth coming 
in? 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Dinesh Pant: 
We cannot exactly say that because of non-par business only. The business impact happened 
because of many reasons, as we know, agents getting focused. And there has been like dip in the 
number of agency force also. That's one of the factors. But we cannot say because of non-par -- 
it does happen at times that when your agents are focused on particular line of business to the 
same clients at the same point of time, the other product may not be available. And they may go 
back in the next year and sell the par policies. 
We are not pushing any agent to sell par or non-par. The corporation drive happens to be that 
the product sales should always happen from the need point of view for the customer. But we 
realize that as long as we are producing par products only, and we felt that the bandwidth and 
the options for the customers have to be increased. So consciously, until this point of time, we 
have introduced non-par products only since IPO. 
Going forward, we'll continue to -- we have tried to bring about a mix of both lines of businesses 
and offer more options to the customer. So yes, that's the point that there is a reduction in the 
par growth, but that could also happen because there -- earlier, the options were only within the 
par segment. Now those same customers have options within non-par. So they may -- they are 
favoring selection non-par products, which offer guarantees to them in this... 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, sir. Sir, on par business, the higher profit sharing, which we'll see from the current year, 
is already incorporated in our VNB margin? 
Dinesh Pant: 
Yes, yes. 
Dinesh Pant: 
Yes, yes, yes. For the business which is being done now, that is already being incorporated. 
Sanketh Godha: 
And at overall company level only because of higher profit sharing, how much delta bps we 
have seen in margin expansion because of higher profit sharing coming from par business? 
Dinesh Pant: 
I don't think that's a very significant amount because largely it is coming. It is almost 1/3 or 30% 
of contribution is coming from the par business only. So largely, it is -- that will be a very small 
amount, not a very significant amount because whatever is coming only that 5% was -- 7.5% 
was already there. So it is a move from 7.5% to 10% in this particular year. But that... 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. And lastly, sir, I need to give the breakup, if you can give individual annuity business. 
Just I wanted to understand the product feature, how much is deferred, how much is immediate 
and how much is regular say for us in annuity product segment as such? 
Dinesh Pant: 
Currently, we are declining on a line of business-wise thing we are not declaring product-wise, 
because that is something we want to leave to us to decide as and when the requirement is there 
for the overall business point of view. 
Sanketh Godha: 
But do we have a regular, say, deferred annuity plan? 
Dinesh Pant: 
No. What is that? 
Management: 
Deferred annuity plan... 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Dinesh Pant: 
No. We have got a deferred annuity plan, which is up to 5 years, deferment is allowed. Earlier, 
we had this offering up to 15 years and 12 years, then in the revised the setup of the regulation, 
because surrender value factor, we had to revisit it. And we have got our product Jeevan Shanti, 
latest Jeevan Shanti where the deferment period up from 1 year, 2 year, 3 years up to 5 years is 
available besides our regular immediate annuity plan. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Is it deferred single premium plan, right, sir? 
Dinesh Pant: 
Yes, yes, yes. We have to have regular premium plan also prior to 1st October 2024. There are 
certain challenges -- in that there were challenges. So as of now, we have withdrawn that product 
Jeevan Dhara. Now we are relooking into invert form and with work modifications we can bring 
a similar structure because that has become very popular in a very short period of time. So we 
are working on that design also. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
I had in my head the same aspect of essentially the cost of hedging. And what you mentioned is 
that it's kind of -- will go through the EV walk. So can you give any sense in terms of what kind 
of a quantum or what kind of impact would it have out there? 
K.R. Ashok: 
So it is too early to give an impact. As I've already said, the impact will be visible only in the 
sensitivity numbers which we will be reporting. And firstly it will not directly impact the VNB 
margins and because any hedging effect will flow through into the IEV movement. So we have 
just started. So firstly, we'll be able to -- depending upon how the market moves, how we'll be 
able to – give an impact when we report the next quarter for annual report. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. The other thing is on the individual non-par side, your growth was around high since level 
in the third quarter. We have been growing somewhere in triple digits still like the last quarter. 
So do you sort of say that this now kind of plateaued out and the gap between non-par and par, 
maybe as you said, you sort of -- you start pushing for par as well at some point of time, will 
gradually start reducing? 
Dinesh Pant: 
Frankly, speaking in the last quarter of the last year, we have introduced a product our Jeevan 
Utsav took off very significantly. It contributed significantly. For a large portion of this quarter, 
in fact, quarter pertaining to this, we have been very busy in ensuring that we are able to 
seamlessly launch our products and coverages in -- that is a very challenging task for us. Time 
frames were there, within which we have to launch all those products. 
Now that we have done with them, as I mentioned earlier also, we are focusing on coming up 
with more variety of the products which are compliant and which cater to different markets. So 
-- going forward, I think we are looking forward to adding more products to the available basket. 
So that -- and in fact, some of them, as I mentioned, we are going to very lifestyle-synchronized 
products. 
And as you know, saving product, even now, we have to -- it's not under use and file systems. 
Still it is under file and use. So we have filed certain design, and we are seeking for guidance 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
and approval. Once they come, I think it will add to the bandwidth of available products, and 
agents will get more opportunities to sell and cross-sell products to existing and new customers. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So fair to say that this probably grows at a much faster pace than the par business, but maybe 
the low-hanging fruit and the triple-digit growth is not something that one may think of. I think 
is that a fair reading? 
Dinesh Pant: 
Is didn't get your question? 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So the point I'm trying to say is that on the individual non-par side, is it fair to say that this 
probably grow at a much faster pace than the par business? But the low-hanging fruit of low 
base and triple-digit growth is something which is probably behind us? 
Dinesh Pant: 
No. No, it is never something like low-hanging fruits only because when we introduced the 
product it was not a low hanging fruit, a lot of effort has to happened for that thing. And we are 
still working on many innovative designs. And our -- as I mentioned, we are very occupied with 
handling what was available at that point of time. 
 
We are again back to our -- what I should say the business for trying to innovate. And I'm very 
sure that we can launch more blockbuster products in the times to come. And the -- it may not -
- definitely, the 100% growth may not be possible as you reach but still a very decent growth. I 
still feel while we can say the mix has changed, but we see a lot of opportunity to grow in non-
par segment as well as par segment, and we'll continue to work towards that. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. And just one final very broad question also. On the Insurance Act, what are your 
expectations actually from the government? 
Dinesh Pant: 
I think what we expect from the government, we would like to share it with the government only 
and not the media as we say. And we are very sanguine and confident that the government is -- 
the government and the entire infrastructure is working towards ensuring insurance for all. And 
that is  proper alignment there. We will -- as and when we get an opportunity, we communicate 
with them. And those things will be taken care of. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Mohit Mangal from Centrum. 
Mohit Mangal: 
So my first question is that in terms of the number of policies sold by BANCA and Alternate 
Channels have declined around 20% Y-o-Y. So what could be the reason for that? 
Hemant Buch: 
This is Hemant Buch here. In fact, we have done well, and we continue to do well on the 
premium side. But up to quarter 2, in fact recently, flattish in terms of number of sales. 
Particularly Q3, once the product line changed, the ticket grew, and it could sometimes for the 
participants to adjust to the new environment. So we have taken it before meeting in Q3. And 
the numbers have -- come down little sharply as you can see. 
But towards end of quarter 3, there is an uptick for the month of December it was good. And I 
think the uptick continues thereafter as well. So hopefully, we should continue to do well in Q4 
as well and close the year in fact on a positive note. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Particularly the number get under pressure from the MFI side with a lot of stress there in the 
MFI sector and participant institutional agencies on the micro side. There has been some sort of 
issues, kind of pressure sharp kind of a decline in the number of sales but lot of repair work has 
been done. And we are quite hopeful and confident that by the time we close the year, we should 
come up with a reasonable number and maybe even managing a splendid growth also if possible. 
But keeping fingers crossed right now. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood, understood. Sir, one more thing was in terms of the BANCA. I mean we saw that 
the individual NBP source for the BANCA has grown around 30%, 31%. And we have good 
90/95 bancassurance partners. So just wanted to know since a top 3 or top 5, do you have a 
dominant share? Or is it kind of evenly distributed among the bancassurance partnership? 
Hemant Buch: 
90/95 of course is  ,in fact,  number-wise that it looks quite big because there are multiple kind 
of more cooperative and regional rural bank also who figure into the list of participants. But if 
you look at the overall list of some major public sector banks and few private sector banks, these 
are the ones which are in fact dominant partners here. 
 
Of course, top 3 are in the size of weightage, but at the same time, we are systematically 
expanding in to the footprint by involving in with other partners as well. And it is likely to be a 
more holistic kind of an approach not only for the year but going forward as well. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. Sir, my last question is towards the commission ratio. I mean we have seen kind of 
a decline. And I just wanted to know, I mean, is it kind of sustainable? Or do you think that even 
commission ratio will come back to normal, considering that we are hoping for a higher growth 
kind of thing over the next few quarters? So how do you see these commission ratios, say, over 
the next 3 to 4 quarters? 
Dinesh Pant: 
So one thing I would like to clarify that while we would like the commissions to be reasonable 
in the interest of the policy holder, we are not happy when the commission payouts are less. We 
-- it is only largely a function of the business mix. In a business mix because you would already 
know that a lot of single premium business is heavy in case of our business. 
So there, commission rates are low, lower as compared to -- but if you're lower in the sense of 
percentages, but in the sense of volume, overall single premium, they are significantly high. And 
we will -- but the other interesting thing to be seen is possibly when commission rate would look 
lower but because we have now back-loaded those commission rates, so renewal commission 
rates going forward will be slightly higher than what we are seeing now. 
So it will balance out. We do not want to underpay commissions. We want to pay a right sort of 
the commission. And so we are very happy to increase the commission payouts with the 
proportionate increase in business. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as a last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Mohanty for closing comments. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
So thank you, friends, for your active participation and the engaging discussion. We appreciate 
your ongoing support and look forward to continuing to work together to drive growth and the 
success for all our stakeholders. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of LIC, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
