                 
                                                    
www.kuttukaran.in 
Popular Vehicles and Services Ltd 
Kuttukaran Centre 
Mamangalam, Kochi 682025 
t 0484 2341134 
e cs@popularv.com 
www.popularmaruti.com 
 
CIN L50102KL1983PLC003741 
KERALA – GSTIN 32AABCP3805G1ZW 
TAMIL NADU- GSTIN 33AABCP3805G1ZU 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 18th February, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor Conference Call - Un-audited Financial Results for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
Reference- Disclosure under Regulation 30- Schedule III- Part A of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In continuation to our revised intimation dated 12th February, 2025, and pursuant to Regulation 30 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of 
the Investor Call held on Thursday, 13th February, 2025 on the Un-audited Financial Results for 
the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 is enclosed herewith.  
 
The same is available on the Company’s website at www.popularmaruti.com  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
 
 
Varun T.V. 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No: A22044 
Place: Kochi 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
Corporate Relationship Department,  
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code: 544144 
ISIN: INE772T01024 
To, 
National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India 
Limited (“NSE”), 
“Exchange Plaza”,  
Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051.  
 
NSE Code: PVSL 
ISIN: INE772T01024 
VARUN T V
Digitally signed by VARUN T V 
Date: 2025.02.18 17:50:04 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchanges on 13th February 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVEEN PHILIP – PROMOTER & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – POPULAR VEHICLES AND SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJ NARAYAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
POPULAR VEHICLES AND SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. JOHN VERGHESE – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – POPULAR VEHICLES AND SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 and 9 months FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Popular Vehicles and Services Limited. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Naveen Philip, Promoter and Managing Director of 
Popular Vehicles and Services Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Naveen Philip: 
Thank you. Morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to our Q3 and 9 months FY '25 
Earnings Call. Joining me today are Raj Narayan, our CEO of Popular Vehicles and Services; 
John Verghese, the Group CFO; and other senior members. 
 
I would also like to extend a warm welcome to Mr. Abraham Mammen who has been appointed 
as the Group CFO Designate and Senior Managerial Personnel of the company effective 
February 12, 2025. He will succeed John Verghese as the Group CFO and key managerial person 
effective July 1, 2025. John shall continue as a Consultant with effect from 1st July, 2025 to 
September 30, 2025, and we assure you that the transition will be smooth. 
 
Let me give you a quick update on the business front. The entire consumer industry, including 
auto, continues to remain subdued due to various uncertainties in the ecosystem. These 
challenges have kept overall demand weak, leading to a volume decline in Q3 FY '25 of 
approximately 4% Y-o-Y. 
 
Additionally, we have been carrying higher inventory levels from March '24 and have increased 
-- and that increased our interest burden. The average September inventory days was 
approximately 54 days, which has now come down to 44 days in December, resulting in an 
inventory reduction of approximately INR714 crores in September to INR575 crores in 
December. We achieved this to reduce volume offtake and offering significant discounts to the 
customer to drive sales, which resulted in the loss of the quarter. 
 
Recent RBI rate cuts and the revision in IT rates announced in the union budget would result in 
higher passenger vehicle sales in the coming quarters. Likewise, in commercial vehicles also 
showing green shoots and our Ather 2-wheeler EV also should have positive impact -- have a 
positive impact from these rate cuts and IT rates. 
 
In the first 9 months of FY '25 compared to the same period last year, we observed a rapidly 
shifting demand trend favoring SUVs and premiumization as the preferred choice for many car 
buyers. While these segments do not drive high volumes, they contribute significantly to revenue 
realization. As a result, despite a 5% decline in our volume, our revenue drop was limited to just 
2% for the 9 months FY '25 vis-a-vis 9 months FY '24. 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
Happy to announce that Popular Autoworks Limited, the Jaguar Land Rover 100% step down 
subsidiary, has received a letter of intent to establish a state-of-the-art 3S facility for JLR 
vehicles in Nagpur, Maharashtra, which also comprises of the neighboring 8 districts that we've 
cover. The expansion marks the company's growth beyond Southern India, complementing the 
existing operations in Karnataka. Operations are expected to commence by September FY '26. 
 
Kuttukaran Cars Private Limited, another 100% step down subsidiary, has received a total of 4 
LOIs for establishing Ather, of which three will be in Kerala and one will be in Tamil Nadu. 
Operations at all four locations are expected to commence in Q1 FY '26. 
 
We remain committed to further strengthen our offerings in the luxury PV segment, augment 
our geographical presence of our 2-wheeler EV business and diversifying revenue beyond 
Kerala. While short-term demand challenges persist, we anticipate improved performance from 
FY '26 onwards. 
 
Given the challenging environment, we have taken a few strategic measures, especially cost 
optimization, by divesting two subsidiaries and reallocating these resources towards our 
upcoming expansion plans. One of the divestment is our Piaggio business, which is the EV 3-
wheeler business. We commenced our Piaggio dealership in fiscal 2022 in Cochin, driven with 
the vision to establish presence in the 3-wheeler EV sector and it currently operates 7 showrooms 
and 7 authorized service centers across 6 districts in Kerala. 
 
However, the past 3 years, the financials in the segment have been subdued with profitability 
falling short of expectations. Given this underperformance, continuing this investment is no 
longer financially or strategically viable. The whole idea of the EV 3-wheeler being the last mile 
mobility has not taken off the wave that we anticipated because CNG and alternate fuels did far 
better. The company believes in reallocating the financial and human resources of this business 
and will -- hopefully can achieve a better financial profitability return. 
 
Hence, the Board of Directors has decided to disinvest from this venture, a process which is 
expected to take approximately 6 months. The proceeds of this disinvestment will be reinvested 
in expanding the presence in other opportunities in the EV space, aligning with the long-term 
growth strategy in this segment. 
 
Divestment of the Honda business. We established the Honda business 17 years ago as a second 
passenger vehicle dealership in our group. And at the time, Honda had a very strong presence in 
the premium car category. The lowest selling Honda vehicle at that point of time was the Honda 
City, and today, which is the highest selling car -- I mean, highest value vehicle that the Honda 
sells. Honda was the ideal partner for us as we sought to expand the product portfolio into 
premium segments. 
 
Over the years, the price points with Maruti and Honda have more or less aligned itself, hence 
not giving us an additional premium opportunity with the Honda vehicles per se. Overtime the 
company's, though we have expanded our footprint to 8 showrooms and 10 authorized centers 
between 2008 and 2024, during the last 5 period, the revenue grew only by 1%. Honda, as I said, 
in terms of the number of vehicles that they offer, has been curtailed to about 3. 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
Given this outlook, the Board of Directors have decided to disinvest in its Honda operations and 
strategically reallocate the proceeds towards expanding the presence in the high-end premium 
and luxury segments which are available and while also reducing the debt levels. The 
disinvestment will allow the company to achieve key synergies, including the efficient 
utilization of resources by directing its workforce to focus on high-end premium and luxury new 
vehicles. 
 
Now coming to our operational performance. The quarterly loss was primarily driven by higher 
discounts. As you can see in these, that our gross margins Q3 to Q3 have dropped by about 2.5%. 
This resulted in -- and also with the higher inventory levels resulted in higher interest burden 
having a double impact that negatively impacted profitability. The discounts offered by us saw 
a significant 84% increase in -- for the 9 months FY '25 vis-a-vis the same period. 
 
Arena volumes declined by 14% Y-o-Y, while Nexa volumes grew by 17% Y-o-Y for the 9 
months FY '25, indicating that the premium car segment is performing better. While in January, 
we are seeing offshoots of Arena increasing by 5% and with the income tax rate cuts and the 
RBI cuts of the interest rates, we are hoping that the mass market segment will come back in 
favor. We are focused on expanding our luxury clientele portfolio and anticipate growing 
contribution, which will drive revenue and profitability in the future. Luxury segment grew by 
11% for Y-o-Y for the 9 months FY '25. 
 
Over and above this, we have been continuously adding to our service business, which we have 
approximately added another 6% to the total number of bays. Our total bay count was about 
1,316 in the previous market business, which we have added another field. By March 2025 we'll 
add another 70-odd bays to it. Our CV business showed subdued performance due to general as 
well as state elections, monsoon, and slow infrastructure spending. This is expected to pick up 
with one in terms of infrastructure spending going up and the RBI rate cuts. 
 
Coming to pre-owned car business, demands for low and mid-range vehicles has remained 
subdued as consumers in the segment have upgraded to premium pre-owned vehicles. The strong 
demand for premium vehicles contributed to an improved average selling price. 
 
In terms of our service business, while we are flat in terms of the overall volumes and it has got 
affected by various factors. However, our focus on converting routine service vehicles to high-
value services like body shop repairs has improved our average selling prices in the service 
segment also. Adjusting the DEF volume last year, service volume growth would be flat. 
 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to John Verghese, our Group CFO, to update you 
on the financial performance of the 9 months gone by. Over to you, John. 
John Verghese: 
Thanks, Naveen. Good morning, everyone. I will take you through the company's operational 
and financial performance for Q3 and 9 months FY '25. As regards Q3 of FY '25 operational 
performance, in the new vehicle business, the company sold 11,151 new vehicles versus 11,556 
in similar quarter previous year, showing a 3.5% Y-o-Y degrowth. Total income from new 
vehicles sold was INR959 crores, down 7.1% Y-o-Y from INR1,032 crores in Q3 of FY '24. 
Average selling price decreased by 3.7% from INR8,92,955 to INR8,59,799. 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
In the pre-owned car business, we found that the company sold 2,715 pre-owned vehicles versus 
2,653 in similar quarter previous year, showing a 2.3% Y-o-Y growth. Total income from pre-
owned vehicles sold was at INR93 crores, up 3.9% from Q3 of FY '24. The average selling price 
increased by 1.5% from INR3,37,848 to INR3,42,950. 
 
Company service and repair business did volume of 2,63,287 vehicles versus 2,68,478 in Q3 of 
FY '24, showing a 1.9% year-on-year degrowth. Total income from vehicle services and repair 
businesses stood at INR244 crores, up 3.2% from INR236 crores in Q3 of FY '24. Average 
selling price increased by 5.2% from INR8,791 to INR9,249. Company's spare parts distribution 
business clocked total income of INR70 crores, up 9.8% year-on-year. 
 
The financial performance -- our total income for the quarter stood at INR1,368.6 crores versus 
INR1,426.5 crores in Q3 of FY '24, showing a 4.1% year-on-year degrowth. EBITDA was 
INR34.6 crores versus INR70.8 crores in Q3 of FY '24, a decrease of 51.2% year-on-year. 
EBITDA margin stands at 2.5% for Q3 of FY '25. There was a loss of INR9.8 crores versus PAT 
of INR15.9 crores in Q3 of FY '24. 
 
Segmental performance. The passenger vehicle revenue stood at INR816.8 crores versus 
INR867.2 crores in Q3 of FY '24, a decrease of 6%. CV revenue was INR451.3 crores versus 
INR464.3 crores in Q3 of FY '24, a decrease of 2.8%. EV revenue was INR24.7 crores versus 
INR18.6 crores in Q3 of FY '24, an increase of 33%. 
 
Going to the 9 months FY '25 performance, operational performance of new vehicles. The new 
vehicle sales was 33,717 units versus 35,549 of last year, showing a degrowth of 5.2%. Total 
income for the segment was INR3,016 crores, down 3.5%, from INR3,127 crores for same 
period of last year. The average selling price increased by 1.7% from INR8,79,532 to 
INR8,94,475. 
 
As regards to pre-owned cars, the pre-owned car sale was 7,977 vehicles versus 8,264 of last 
year, showing a 3.5% degrowth. Total income from this segment was INR275 crores, a degrowth 
of 1.1% from INR278 crores for same period of last year. Average selling price increased by 
2.5% from INR3,36,128 to INR3,44,474. 
 
Service and repair business did volume of 7,802,75 vehicles versus 7,96,324 last year, degrowth 
of 2%. Total income from this business was INR687 crores, up 4.1% from INR659 crores. The 
average selling price increased by 6.3% from INR8,281 to INR8,803. 
 
Company's spare part distribution business clocked total income of INR202 crores with a growth 
of 2.1% from INR197 crores in 9 months of FY '24. As regards the financial performance, our 
total income for 9 months of FY '25 stood at INR4,185 crores versus INR2,474 crores in 9 
months of FY '24, showing 2% Y-o-Y degrowth. EBITDA was at INR145.7 crores versus 
INR215.1 crores in 9 months of FY '24, a decrease of 32% Y-o-Y. EBITDA margin stands at 
3.5% for 9 months of FY '25. Profit after tax comes to INR3.3 crores versus INR56 crores in 9 
months of FY '24, a decrease of 94% Y-o-Y. PAT margin stands at 0.1% for 9 months of FY 
'25. 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
Coming to segmental performance. PV revenue stood at INR2,515 crores versus INR2,561 
crores of 9 months of FY '24, a decrease of 1.8%. CV revenue was at INR1,385 crores versus 
INR1,426 crores in 9 months of FY '24, a decrease of 2.8%. EV revenue was INR61 crores 
versus INR61 crores, same of last year 9 months, a flattish growth in EV. 
 
As regard the other updates in Popular Vehicle and Services, we had commenced in the state of 
Kerala expansion of 2 Maruti body shop and 2 Nexa studios and even one Maruti service center. 
As mentioned, we received in-principal approval for setting up an Arena E-workshop at -- in 
Chavakkad in Kerela. 
 
As mentioned by Naveen, PAW, that's Popular Autoworks, received an LOI to establish a state-
of-art 3S facility in Nagpur, Maharashtra. We inaugurated the -- in our Ather subsidiary, we 
inaugurated the pan-India first Gold Category Service Center for Ather at Trivandrum, Kerala. 
We received total of 4 LOIs for establishing Ather Space 3.0, of which 3 will be in Kerala and 
one in Tamil Nadu. 
 
As regards to awards and recognition, Popular Mega Motors, a company-owned subsidiary, has 
received the Best DSE Productivity Dealer Award in small commercial segments and the 
Highest Growth in Market Share award in ILMCV segment for H1 of FY25 for its Chennai 
branch from Tata Motors. 
 
Both the Popular Autoworks as well as Vision Motors, the wholly owned subsidiaries of the 
company, were certified as Great Place to Work in the midsized organizations category for sixth 
year in a row. The state-wise revenue breakup as of 31st December '24, Kerala has got 61%, 
Tamil Nadu 25%, Karnataka 10%, Maharashtra 4%. 
 
Before I open this to the floor for Q&A, I'm sure there will -- I mean, some common questions, 
I mean, I'm presuming would arise and hence, I thought I'd clarify right in the beginning itself. 
Definitely, Q3 has been a turnaround for us as far as performance is concerned. If you were to 
compare Q3 versus Q2, even though Q2 was the festival month for us, nevertheless, if you have 
to compare Q2 versus Q3, the revenue degrew by about INR150 crores. And if you look at the 
PBT level, there was a INR17 crores gap between Q2 and Q3. 
 
So in Q2, we had ended up with a profit of INR7.6 crores. And in Q3, it was minus INR9.8 
crores, hence, a gap of INR17 crores. So the INR17 crores primarily came from the top line 
degrowth. The contribution itself because of the lower revenues anddisturbed discounts given 
more than INR20 crores we had hit in the gross margin level. Overheads per se, there was about 
a INR4 crore increase only. That's primarily again due to the finance cost for the higher inventory 
levels. So this broadly gives you an idea of how our Q3 was versus Q2. 
 
If you were to look at the YTD also of December FY'25 versus December FY'24, 9 months 
period, here again, while the top line degrew by INR90 crores, in the bottom line, there was 
around about INR65 crores gap between this year and last year. If you see the last year, we ended 
up with a PBT of INR74 crores. And this year, we ended up with a PBT of INR7.3 crores. Here 
again, the primary reasons are because of the top line. 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
So if I were to break up into few parts. One is, of course, discounts we gave about INR15 crores 
additional. On average per car, we were nearly double the discounts that we were giving to the 
customers, nearly from INR6,500 levels to nearly INR12,000 per car. 
 
Then in JLR, there was some margin drop which was driven by the OEM because the vehicles 
were transferred from CBU to CKD. So there was a 1% vehicle margin drop as well as a VRM 
drop that is the margin that we get from the OEM. There was another 1% drop that accounted to 
nearly about INR4 crores of drop in the bottom line. 
 
And similarly, there was other -- overheads basically were increased by around totally about 
INR10 crores, which is hardly about, less than about 2% of our total overheads. That is primarily 
the inflation and other employee costs. And there was some extraordinary income that we 
generated in FY '24 in terms of VAT warranty, which we claimed and some land sales. So that 
came to about INR5.5 crores. 
 
So primarily, it was basically the top line degrowth, the discounts that we gave and that really 
affected our bottom line. But having said that, I mean, as we stand in February, we find a lot of 
green shoots here and we hope that -- we are hoping that Q4 will definitely be better than Q2 
because normally, typically in our industry, Q2 and Q4 are the best quarters for the year. And 
we do find -- in fact, January, we find that while Arena till last year was showing a degrowth, in 
January, we found in the month of January, there was a growth of 3% in Arena. Whereas Nexa, 
we have more than 48% of growth in the Nexa. JLR continues to show growth. 
 
So both -- even the commercial segment, we are finding some green shoots. So we are confident. 
We are hopeful that Q4 definitely would be better than Q2. And on top of that, as Naveen 
mentioned, the 25 basis point reduction in RBI as well as the income tax reduction given in the 
budget, surely, this will give a lot of impetus for sales, especially at the Maruti segment. And 
yes, so these are some of -- and another thing is the inventory levels have come down. 
 
So just again, to give you some statistics, the inventory days that we were carrying in December 
'23 was 34 days. In September, it rose to 50 days. And in December this year, it came down to 
37 days. So we are more or less in line with what we were in last year. This is as a group. But 
specifically, in Maruti, it was much higher. As you recall, the last conversation that we had, we 
said we were carrying 75 days of inventory in September in Maruti. That in December came 
down to 43 days, and the endeavor is to bring it down to 35 days by March. 
 
So hence, due to this, definitely, the interest cost, we find -- we hope that there will be a lot of 
savings that we have in Q4. More than INR5 crores of higher inventory costs we are incurring 
every quarter, which hopefully we should be saving in Q4. So, these were some of the tailwinds 
that we are hoping to get in Q4 and moving forward next year also. 
 
With this, I hand over to -- for -- open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from CLSA. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
A few questions. One, what has been the revenue growth trajectory of CV servicing business 
because servicing is an integral part of generating EBITDA? So if new CV sales growth 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
momentum was not that great, but servicing is function of vehicle population, how that has been 
moving? 
Naveen Philip: 
So, the ASP in terms of service business of the PV segment grew by about 9% December FY 
'24 to December FY '25. Growth in numbers, as we said, was flat. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Okay. And like is -- has it anything to do with the weak numbers of new trucks sold year-to-
date. So even in the replacement service market, the demand has been sluggish, anything from 
that angle or...? 
Naveen Philip: 
Not just based on new car sales per se because service is also a lag of probably about 6 months 
to 1 year from new car sales. But also in terms of actual spending power of the people. And 
hence, in terms of actual spending, so on regular services, they would or running repairs they 
wouldn't come. So that's where the numbers became flat. 
 
But since as -- in the past, we've said over the last 3 years, our Nexa volumes have been up, and 
that would result in a higher service ASP, and that is showing now. So the last 3 years, we've 
grown Nexa, this year by 17% from the previous year and previous year by close to about -- 
CAGR of about 40%, 45%. So that is showing up in terms of the ASP. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And sir, CV service volume also is flattish or that is down? 
Naveen Philip: 
CV -- the ASP has gone up again by about 3%. In terms of numbers per se, it's about -- down by 
about 10%. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Yes. So that was what I was looking for. Basically, like the new CVs are down, but CV servicing 
is function of vehicle population, that is also down 10%. So that is a reflection of market 
momentum as such, business activity? 
Naveen Philip: 
Yes. So, CV, if you look at it in terms of -- so when I say CV service volume down by about 
10%, one is we promote the regular DEF volumes that we used to do. So that has had an impact. 
But as you said, in terms of the overall CV market for the last 8 to 12 months has been sluggish. 
And hence, fleet operator's utilization of vehicles is lower and thus, servicing of vehicles is also 
lower from their side. And construction activity has also been very low. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And similar to cars where discounts moved up, as Verghese sir mentioned, in commercial 
vehicle, how is the discounting momentum going on? 
Naveen Philip: 
So commercial vehicle discounting is not -- so other than the heavy vehicle discount, the rest of 
it is more or less controlled in terms of discounts. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
One feedback I got from few fleet owners that post BS6 change, the extra fluid which one needs 
to add is also a costly part. And for many fleet owners are trying to bypass that mechanism and 
change the technology in the new trucks through outside garages and use it as if it is a BS4 truck, 
but one can't do that bypassing for Daimler trucks. Is that true or from a technology angle, if you 
can highlight that and that is impacting truckers to buy new Daimler trucks as such? 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Naveen Philip: 
No. So we have not seen that impact. Our service volumes, people coming back to the service 
center for both Tata, Daimler, all remain the same in terms of post BS6, our retention of vehicle. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So broadly, new truck decline -- 
Naveen Philip: 
I'll relook into this. I'm not aware of this as such. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And the discount for cars, which was -- which impacted your Q3 numbers, how that is now in 
February? Has it come down a bit or it's still elevated? 
Raj Narayan: 
So we have a mix of 2024 models and 2025 models. So about -- currently, we will have about 
36%, 37% of our stocks, lower than 40%, which is 2024, where we do sell out discounts so that 
it moves out fast. But 2025, it's hardly anything. So with that, I think over the next 2 to 3 months, 
there will be substantial savings on the discounts also. Plus the other factors that Naveen and 
John mentioned our inventory level has also come down, and it's still coming down. So that will 
result in considerable savings in the discounts. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And last question, sir, this recent tax cuts announced in the budget. So what's your outlook from 
that benefiting the retail demand momentum for mass market players like Maruti? 
Naveen Philip: 
Yes. So if you see up to INR12 lakhs, your basic savings will be about INR60,000, which is 
about INR5,000 per month. So if you look at, as I said in the beginning part of my statement, 
the lower end of cars, the Arena cars, the Wagon R, the Alto, all that should see a boost from 
this in terms of purchase. There would be a boost in the used car sales and in terms of the Ather 
2-wheelers per se. 
 
Higher-end vehicles, the savings actually doesn't affect and somebody who's earning INR12 
lakhs is not getting into the higher-end vehicles per se. Having said that, even if you're taking a 
greater than INR50 lakhs earning, you're saving approximately about, I think, about INR8,000 
to INR9,000 per month in terms of taxes in terms of savings. So that should help boost in some 
way. That's part one. 
 
Part 2 is with the RBI cut, I don't know when the cut will flow into the banking system per se to 
the end consumer, but that should also help out. And I think the Finance Minister has just made 
an announcement yesterday that there will be more booster programs in terms of consumer 
spending. So hopefully, we'll look forward to that also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman Agrawal from Carnelian Capital. 
Aman Agrawal: 
My first question was on the divestment business, sir, like Honda and Piaggio business, which 
we have divested. So have we agreed to divest or like have we started looking out to divest those 
businesses? And what would be the value we can fetch for like one-off costs we may need to 
incur to close down these businesses? 
Naveen Philip: 
I didn't quite catch that. Can you just repeat it? The voice was not clear. 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Aman Agrawal: 
Sir my question was on the Honda business and Piaggio business. So like have we found a buyer 
for these businesses and like will we generate any value by sale of these businesses, like if you 
can talk a bit on that? 
Naveen Philip: 
Yes. So we've been on the lookout. So we have approximately got some guidance of that. So we 
should be getting... 
John Verghese: 
We have roped in one of the big 4 for supporting us on this whole process. And the Board 
sanctioned it yesterday. Based on this, we've been coordinating with them to scout the market to 
get the best price for the organization. 
Aman Agrawal: 
So no deal has been agreed as of now, right, sir? 
John Verghese: 
No. 
Aman Agrawal: 
And sir like since Maruti inventory is very high for us right now, like 45 days, can you talk about 
like how the inventory situation is for Arena and Nexa? Is it mainly Arena inventory which we 
are carrying? Or like is it also a mix of Nexa? 
Raj Narayan: 
So during the September, October, it has gone up all the way up to about 85 to 90 days, which 
we've been able to bring down. And currently, we are at about 40 to 43 days. Between Arena 
and Nexa, it's more or less the same. And during September, October, Nexa used to be much 
higher than Arena. But over a period of time, we've been able to bring it down. So both are more 
or less on par right now. And we are hoping to bring it down to about 35 to 37 days by March. 
Aman Agrawal: 
So the gross margin impact which we have seen in Q3, this we expect to continue in Q4 as well, 
right, because of the discounting to clear out these models? 
Raj Narayan: 
No. As I said earlier, because of the inventory coming down, the overall discount is coming 
down. But generally, there is a -- customers expect a discount on the year back model. So we 
still have about 37%, 38% of our total stocks, which is from 2024, which we should be able to 
clear mostly by February. Maybe some specific color or model may remain into March. But 
otherwise, majority will be cleared in February itself. On 2025, neither us nor any other co-
dealers are discounting. So that will definitely bring in a good savings on the discounts. 
John Verghese: 
As I mentioned earlier that last year, we were selling about INR6,500 per vehicle on discounts 
in Maruti. This has doubled to around INR12,000. We think that Q4, maximum you come to 
that last year's level, if not less. 
Aman Agrawal: 
And sir, can you talk about the Kerala PV demand? Like are we seeing any green shoots of 
recovery and like because the monsoon was good and now with this tax cut, do you think that 
could help in the overall sentiment revival in PV industry? Or do you think the change we are 
seeing towards premium and higher-end cars, that will be structural for the Kerala market as 
well? 
Naveen Philip: 
So January, we've already seen some offshoots in terms of growth, both in terms of Arena and 
Nexa continues to grow. So going forward, I think this quarter should see a growth factor per se. 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
And Kerala market has been subdued, but this year, there has been a slight growth in terms of 
the overall market. 
Raj Narayan: 
And about 19,500 vehicles got registered in Jan, which is actually a reasonably good number 
compared to the yearly average of about 14,000 numbers. 
John Verghese: 
As I mentioned, Jan, we ended up Arena with a 3% growth and Nexa maybe about 48% growth. 
So those are indicators. And of course, if you recall, if you go back, it's from Jan onwards from 
last year that the slowdown in the industry happened. So hence, we are positive that this year 
should show higher growth month-on-month. 
Aman Agrawal: 
And on that trend, sir, like are we seeing small car segment also reviving? Like Arena 3% growth 
is encouraging. But do you see that segment starting to do well because last 3, 4 years has not 
been very good for that segment, right? So anything on that like you are reading on the ground? 
Raj Narayan: 
So with this new reforms and all, obviously, the affordability on the EMIs will increase. That 
will also help on the lower end segment. And the Dzire launch has also brought in some bit of it 
because we were generally selling a Dzire about closer to 15, 20 on an average, which has now 
gone to about 100 across December and Jan. So that should -- and there also the supply is a little 
lower than the demand. So that can also go up. So definitely, we will see some kind of recovery 
on the smaller segment car, entry level segment. 
Aman Agrawal: 
On the service business, I had a question like we had guided for 10% kind of volume growth in 
H2. But Q3 if we see the volumes have declined by 2%. So even the new stores opening have 
not helped them in overall volume recovery. So what is happening on the ground? And like are 
we seeing -- what factors might lead to improvement in service business as well for us? Like 
what will lead to the revival and growth in the service business? 
Naveen Philip: 
Definitely, we're looking at growth. We have given a guidance that we grow service by a CAGR 
of 20%. This year, in terms of the ASP alone, we have grown about -- 
Raj Narayan: 
I think it's 8,800 from an 8000. 
Naveen Philip: 
No, in terms of ASP the growth is -- 
Raj Narayan: 
19% overall. 
John Verghese: 
6%. 
Naveen Philip: 
6% is the ASP growth. Volume growth has not been there, but we expect with these -- both in 
terms of the IT rate cut and the RBI thing, spending will increase a little bit, and hence, we'll see 
the service volumes also going up. This year, we won't achieve the target of about -- we had said 
that we'll probably grow by about 8% to 10% in volumes. That won't come through. But we're 
expecting next year and the year after to grow at the same rate. We're also adding more service 
centers anticipating this growth while increasing the efficiency of our existing service centers. 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Aman Agrawal: 
Sir, final question from my side. On the inorganic side, we were thinking about closing some 
deals by Q4, right? So are we on track? And like are we seeing good value in the inorganic deals, 
just on that sir. 
Naveen Philip: 
Yes. We definitely do hope to close out in Q4, might spill on to Q1, but we are hoping to close 
it out in Q4. And other than the acquisition, we've also, as we announced that we are expanding 
the Jaguar Land Rover facility into Maharashtra also, headquartered out of Nagpur, where we 
already have operations of BharatBenz also and hoping to have one more setup there from one 
of our OEMs in the near future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kartikeyan from Suyash Advisors. 
Kartikeyan: 
Can you talk about the potential for the 3S facility that you're talking about? What is the 
investment involved? And what kind of revenue potential do you foresee there? 
Naveen Philip: 
So the place -- the location that we have identified is already a 3S facility of one of the OEMs. 
So we have just been refurbishing this facility. The exact cost I'll probably come back to you by 
the end of this month. We're just getting the AutoCAD drawings done, etc. But since the facility 
already exists, there is no major -- it's only in terms of putting the CI norms of Jaguar Land 
Rover and some amount of refurbishing that needs to be done there. We targeted September to 
kick off, but we are hoping that we'll be able to kick off much earlier. 
 
In terms of potential, we are taking Nagpur as -- I mean, in terms of the numbers that would 
come in, at least to start off with, it is about 8 to 10 cars a month to kick off the operations. And 
we also have about 8 to 9 bays. And since there's already an existing population of cars, I think 
the overall population we have estimated there, we should be getting about 35 to 50 vehicles a 
month in terms of servicing. 
 
And my correction. Earlier I had said about 8 districts of Maharashtra, headquartered Nagpur, 
but it will be 11 districts. Out of the 36 districts in Maharashtra, we'll be covering one third of 
it. 
Kartikeyan: 
In your initial comments, you spoke about the relative growth in Arena versus Nexa on a 9-
month basis. I couldn't catch that. Can you repeat those numbers? 
Raj Narayan: 
So Arena was on a degrowth of about 14%, while Nexa is on a growth of 17%. That is the full 
year. But when we look at Jan, Arena is slowly coming back. We have touched a 3% growth in 
Arena and Nexa has gone to 48%. And we are hoping that, that trajectory will continue in the 
coming -- 
Naveen Philip: 
But that's only for Jan. 
Management: 
Yes. That's only for Jan, yes. 
Kartikeyan: 
Yes, I could catch this, but early commentary, I couldn't make notes quickly. Just one quick 
thing. Would the divestments more than offset any capex requirements you would have both on 
the inorganic side as well as on these investments you're making for net? 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Naveen Philip: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirmal, an Individual Investor. The current participant has 
been disconnected. We will move on to the next question. It's from the line of Dhruv Modi from 
DFL Securities. 
Dhruv Modi: 
So I have a couple of questions. First question being, are there any existing JLR dealers in the 
Nagpur region or we are the first one? 
Naveen Philip: 
There are no existing dealers in JLR for Nagpur. There used to be one about, I think, about 4, 5 
years ago. 
Dhruv Modi: 
And what kind of growth prospects for this opportunity we are expecting? And how could it 
contribute to improving EBITDA margins? 
Naveen Philip: 
Yes. So in terms of the luxury car growth rate in India it's approximately double-digits, about 
15% to 16%. We're expecting Nagpur to grow much faster, one, because of the network, because 
of the industries that are there and the focus by both the state government and the central 
government in that region. So we're expecting a CAGR of about 20% in terms of JLR in that 
particular region. 
And it's been underrepresented. I mean JLR, I mean, didn't have a facility there. It's coming up, 
service will be there. So the propensity for people to buy the luxury car would be much higher. 
So we're looking at, as I said, about 8 to 10 cars in the initial year and to grow by about 20%, 
25% year-on-year. 
Dhruv Modi: 
Okay. And what kind of estimated investment is required to set up this dealership, JLR 
dealership? 
Naveen Philip: 
Yes. So as I said in the earlier part, we should be able to come out with the estimate by the end 
of this month. But as I said, the facility already exists. It is a 3S facility of one of the OEMs 
which we are taking over. So there is no structure that we would go into. It is only in terms of 
CI norms and refurbishment of the place and equipment for service that we would have to set 
up. 
Dhruv Modi: 
And so last question from my side. The inorganic deal you mentioned to close by quarter 4 or 
quarter 1, whether you are looking in PV or CV? And if it's in PV, then it would be in luxury 
segment or in a mass market segment? 
Naveen Philip: 
So PV, we are looking at mass market segment, but we're also looking at CV. So in both, we are 
looking at the opportunity to close it out by Q1FY26. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praneeta Gupta, an Individual Investor. 
Praneeta Gupta: 
Actually, I'm an individual investor and I got the share in the allotment -- Actually, I got the 
share in the allotment. One thing actually I'm not very aware with all the financials of yours. But 
after keeping my allotment with the hope that the management will work better and will grow 

Popular Vehicles and Services Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
the share price. But unfortunately, the same -- currently, I'm sitting at a loss of 50% right now. 
And I just want to exit from this share right now. 
 
I just want to ask what is the growth trajectory and the revenue guidance? Is there any positive 
hope for at least this year because I can't sit in loss anymore. So I just want to exit from this 
share right now. So I just want to ask that the performance of the quarter 4 -- what will be the 
performance of the quarter 4? Can you people give any guidance right now? 
Naveen Philip: 
I think we have given the guidance that Q4 will be far better and we are hoping to bounce back 
from Q4 onwards. But FY '26 guidance that we have given earlier stands also. 
Praneeta Gupta: 
Sorry, FY '26? 
Naveen Philip: 
The guidance that we had given earlier in terms of profitability and growth that stands. We are 
hoping both PV and CV to bounce back in FY '26. 
Praneeta Gupta: 
But the result of the Q4 can we expect better than Q3 because Q3 has presented very weak, sir? 
Naveen Philip: 
Yes, definitely. 
Praneeta Gupta: 
Okay. And what would be the revenue guidance and how much percentage we can see as an 
improvement from this year, I mean I'm talking about FY '25 to FY '26? 
Naveen Philip: 
In terms of revenue growth? 
Praneeta Gupta: 
Yes, in terms of revenue growth and also in terms of profit because ultimately the profit comes 
into… 
Naveen Philip: 
Sure. I mean we are expecting a revenue growth of about 20%, 25% in FY '26 over FY '25. In 
terms of profitability, we should be back on track of where we left over in FY '24. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Naveen Philip for closing comments. 
Naveen Philip: 
In conclusion, we are actively taking the right steps to achieve our long-term growth targets, 
ensuring our vision remains firmly on track. Thank you all for joining our earnings call today. 
We appreciate your participation and trust we have addressed all your queries. For any further 
questions, please feel free to reach out to Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations 
advisors. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Popular Vehicles and Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
