 
LUPIN LIMITED 
Registered Office: 3rd Floor, Kalpataru Inspire, Off W. E. Highway, Santacruz (East), Mumbai - 400 055 India. Tel: (91-22) 6640 2323.  
Corporate Identity Number: L24100MH1983PLC029442  
www.lupin.com 
 
 
 
 
February 19, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai Samachar Marg, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Symbol: LUPIN 
Scrip Code: Equity - 500257 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Q3 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letters dated January 27, 2025 and February 12, 2025, pursuant to Regulation 30 
read with Schedule III, Part A, Para A(15)(b) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed, copy of the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on February 12, 
2025, for the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company, for the quarter and nine months ended December 
31, 2024. 
 
The above is for your information and dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For LUPIN LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
AMIT KUMAR GUPTA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(ACS -15754) 
 
Encl: a/a. 
 
 
 
 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta
Digitally signed by Amit Kumar Gupta 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7875, pseudonym=d30e6db65d0a41f2b9a52198e78bf149, 
2.5.4.20=b7e8678b2d6b381cb8f4761d9cbb4338253df2c8e93e8fcf768f8e86438a00a1, postalCode=400705, 
st=Maharashtra, serialNumber=de9bbd80d8994e4be9f0dd2399144eba7e782d70287df6aad1994f0b522fa08a, 
cn=Amit Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2025.02.19 17:10:50 +05'30'

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Lupin Limited Q3 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
 
• MS. VINITA GUPTA – CEO, LUPIN LIMITED 
• MR. NILESH GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, LUPIN LIMITED 
• MR. RAMESH SWAMINATHAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GLOBAL CFO & HEAD OF API 
PLUS SBU, LUPIN LIMITED 
• MR. RAVI AGRAWAL – M&A AND INVESTOR RELATIONS, LUPIN LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator:  
Welcome to Lupin Limited Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that 
all participants' line will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the opening remarks. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to the management. Thank you and over to 
you, ma'am. 
Vinita Gupta: 
Good evening friends, I am very pleased to welcome you to our Q3 Financial 
year ’2025 earnings call.  I have with me our Managing Director Nilesh, our 
CFO Ramesh and our head of Investor relations Ravi. We look forward to 
sharing with you our highlights for the quarter as well as outlook for the year 
ahead.    
We are very happy to report another quarter of strong performance across 
our key markets both on a sequential and YoY basis. This has been backed by 
continued improvement in margins and profitability. I would like to highlight 
that our margins are the highest we have achieved in the last 5 years, despite 
higher investments in R&D during the period. We feel confident of 
maintaining our growth momentum going ahead with margins in the range of 
22%-23% in the current fiscal year.  
Our US business delivered strong QoQ and YoY growth this quarter with 
revenues at a five year high. This has been led by volume growth in inline 
products and contribution from new products like Mirabegron that helped us 
offset the anticipated competition in products like Albuterol and Suprep®. 
Our respiratory portfolio continued strong with higher market shares in most 
of the key products.  
We look forward to a strong close to the current fiscal year, as well as 
continued momentum in the year ahead. Apart from key products like 
Tolvaptan, we have an exciting portfolio of injectable products like Glucagon, 
Risperdal Consta, Liraglutide which we anticipate bringing to market next 
fiscal year that should help us  deliver  strong growth in the year . We continue 
to improve our profitability in the US,  led by better product mix and higher 
efficiencies in the base business.  
We are very optimistic of our long term growth strategy in the US as it 
continues to evolve from a commoditized generic business to more complex 
portfolio of injectables, respiratory and biosimilars, to ultimately a portfolio 
of strategic specialty assets.  We believe that our pipeline will enable us to 
continue to drive the shift to complex products to over 50% of our portfolio 
over the next couple of years.   
  
Coming to India, we reported growth of 11.9% YoY led by growth in India 
Formulations business and additional tenders in our Global Institutional 
business. Our India Formulation business recorded growth of 9.1% for the 9M 
this fiscal year against an IPM growth of 8.2%. While key therapies like 
Diabetes, Cardiac, GI grew ahead of the market and we also increased our 
chronic share, muted growth in the respiratory category affected our overall 
performance during the quarter. We are very pleased to strengthen our 
diabetes portfolio by acquiring the Huminsulin range of products from Eli Lilly 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
and also 3 trademarks from Boehringer Ingelheim for the Indian market. We 
feel confident on continuing to deliver above market growth in our India 
Formulation business, backed by our strong portfolio of innovative medicines 
and in-licensed products and our extensive reach through 10,000 people sales 
force.   
Switching to R&D, our R&D as % to sales was at 7.7% during the quarter and 
7.4% for the 9M.  We successfully filed Ranibizumab in EU during the quarter 
and are looking forward to the US filing in the coming quarters. We have an 
exciting pipeline, with more than 20 respiratory products and 40 injectable 
products in development and plan to file more than 30 ANDAs in the next 2 
years, of which more than 50% will be complex products. As previously 
guided, we expect R&D to be around INR 1,800 crores for fiscal year 25, which 
would mean a significant increase in our R&D spends in Q4. 
From a compliance perspective, we received the EIR from the USFDA for our 
Pithampur Unit-1 manufacturing facility with VAI classification during the 
quarter. So far this year, we have received EIRs for Aurangabad and  Dabhasa 
and have successfully completed inspections at Somerset and Nagpur 
Injectable Facility with zero observations. We would like to reiterate that we 
are committed to ensure that all our sites are fully compliant with the USFDA 
and other regulatory agencies around the world.  
   
Before I hand it over to Ramesh, I would like to say that we remain optimistic 
to grow our business in the years ahead. Our R&D capabilities and pipeline 
are gaining momentum, be it our investments in various respiratory platforms 
like Ellipta and Respimat or the focus on complex platforms in injectables like 
iron colloids, peptides, 505 b(2)s and long acting Injectables and also our 
growing portfolio of biologics. We are also creating some unique 
differentiators like green propellant programs for our respiratory franchise. 
As I have mentioned earlier, we also continue to evolve our innovation 
pipeline to ramp up our specialty business in the years ahead. We believe our 
approach on the pipeline front and our commercial strategy will drive long 
term sustainable growth for the company and also build long term value for 
our shareholders.  
With this I will hand it over to Ramesh for a deeper analysis of our 
performance. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
Friends, I welcome you all to our Q3 FY25 earnings call.  This has been another 
quarter of consecutive double digit growth across the top and profits lines. I 
am particularly pleased to highlight our EBITDA margins at 24.3% during the 
quarter, which is the highest we have achieved in the last 5 years. Now, Diving 
into the numbers.  
 
 
 
 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Sales 
Sales for Q3 FY25 came in at INR 5,619 crores as compared to INR 5,080 crores 
in Q3 last year, a growth of 10.6% YoY. On a 9M basis sales came in at INR 
16,630 crores versus INR 14,761 crores last year, a growth of 12.7% YoY. We 
have registered robust growth across most of our key geographies. India 
business has grown by 11.9% YoY, North America has grown 12.3% YoY, EMEA 
grew 20.9% YoY whilst API grew 4% YoY. 
US Business  
During the quarter, the US business recorded sales of USD 235 million, a 
growth of 10.5% YoY and 6.8% QoQ on constant currency basis. On a 9M basis, 
US sales were USD 682 million, a growth of 12.5% as compared to 9M of FY24. 
As Vinita mentions, while we have benefited from volume growth in inline 
products and new product introductions, this has been offset by low single 
digit price declines in base products and anticipated new generic competition 
in products like Albuterol and Suprep®. Our respiratory portfolio continued 
their strong performance with high market shares in most key products like 
Albuterol and Arformoterol. We also continue to execute on our strategy to 
improve our profitability in this segment, with another quarter of strong 
profitability from this business. On the  long term, we remain confident of 
consistent delivery of profitable growth through an increasing share of 
complex products in our portfolio. On a full year FY25 basis, we anticipate our 
US business to deliver double digit growth, ahead of our earlier guidance of 
high single digit growth in the segment.  
India  
The India business has grown by 11.9% YoY during the quarter and 16% YoY 
during the 9MFY25 period. Within this, the prescription business has grown 
5.8% YoY during Q3FY25. On a 9MFY25 basis, the prescription business has 
grown at 9.1% outperforming IPM by 1.1X. Chronic share during the quarter 
was higher at 65% with key segments like Diabetes and Cardiology growing 
ahead of the IPM growth. The share of in-licensed products is around 12% 
similar to the 12% last year, which also positively impacts our profitability, 
going ahead. 
Other Businesses 
Revenues in our ex-India, ex North America Formulation businesses which 
include EMEA, ROW and Emerging Markets have increased 7.5% YoY to INR 
1,277 crores and now constitute 23% of our sales. On a 9M basis, revenues 
have grown 12.6% YoY to INR 3,685 crores during the period.   
EMEA 
Our EMEA region, which constitutes our EU region business and South Africa 
business, registered strong growth of 20.9% YoY and 9.8% QoQ, during this 
quarter. This has been driven by healthy double-digit growth in EU markets 
like UK and Germany from products like Luforbec® and NaMuscla®.  
 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Emerging Markets 
Our Emerging Markets include the APAC and LATAM regions and have 
registered sales of INR 451 crores, a decline of 4.7% YoY. On a 9M basis, 
revenues grew 10.5% YoY to INR 1,456 crores. While LATAM markets like 
Brazil and Mexico grew in local currency terms, overall growth was impacted 
due to Fx in this region. 
Coming to P&L. 
Other Operating Income 
Other operating income at INR  149 crores has increased by INR 32 crores as 
compared to Q3FY24. This increase is mainly due to higher PLI and export 
benefits during the quarter.  
Gross Margins  
Coming to the profitability, Q3FY25 gross margins were 69.4% up from 66.0% 
in Q3 last year. On a 9M basis, the gross margins are at 69% versus 65.7% 
recorded in similar period last year, an improvement of 334 bps points. This 
improvement is driven by multiple factors which include better product mix, 
tail winds on input costs, lower share of in-licensed products, increased 
volumes and also various cost improvement and efficiencies which we have 
undertaken over the last several quarters.  
Employee Benefit expense 
Employee Benefit expense at INR 984 crores increased 10.7% YoY from INR 
889 crores in Q3FY24 translating into 17.5% of sales. On a 9M basis, employee 
benefit expenses came in at INR 2,963 crores, an increase of 14.2% YoY 
translating to 17.8% as compared to 17.6% of sales in corresponding period 
last year. This change is largely attributed to higher costs attributable to 
regular annual increments and business growth during the period.  
Manufacturing & Other Expenses 
Q3FY25 came in at INR 1,696 crores, increasing 8.7% YoY from INR 1,667 
crores in Q2 FY25 and INR 1,560 crores in Q3FY24 translating to 30.2% of sales 
versus 30.7% last year. On a 9M basis, manufacturing expenses came in at INR 
4,936 crores, an increase of 7.7% YoY translating into 29.7% of sales as 
compared to 31.0% of sales in corresponding period last year. The expenses 
are higher mainly due to higher R&D costs and higher volumes in the normal 
course of business.  
R&D 
R&D is at INR 434 crores, 7.7% of sales as compared to INR 448 crores, 8.2 % 
of sales in Q2 FY25, with almost two thirds of our R&D directed towards 
complex portfolio. On a 9M basis, R&D is  INR 1,232 crores or 7.4% of sales. 
For the full year, we expect R&D to be around INR 1,750-1,800 crores with a 
significant increase in R&D in Q4.   
 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
EBITDA 
Excluding Forex and other income, EBITDA was INR 1,366 crores versus INR 
1,022 crores last year, an increase of 33.7% YoY, with margins of 24.3% versus 
20.1% last year in the same period. On a QoQ basis, margins have expanded 
51bps. This margin expansion is on the backdrop of higher gross margins and 
lower fixed costs during the period. 
On a 9M basis, EBITDA was at INR 3,985 crores, up 42.1% YoY with margins of 
24% as compared to 19% in the corresponding period last year. Putting all of 
this together, we believe that we should be able to deliver EBITDA margins in 
the region of 23-23.5% range in FY25.  
Tax 
As far as the ETR is concerned it was 19.1% during 9MFY25. For the full year, 
we expect the ETR to be around 20-21%. 
Balance sheet items 
Operating working capital was at INR 7,071 crores as on 31st December as 
against INR 5,691 crores of 31st March 2024 which translates to 113 days of 
net working capital as compared to 105 days as on 31st March 2024. Net debt 
was at INR 103 crores as against Rs 477 crores as on 31st March 2024. While 
we focus on increased cash generation from our business, we would also like 
to highlight that we continuously  explore strategic allocation of our capital to 
ensure the long-term growth vision of the company.   
ESG 
In the last quarter, we strengthened our ESG efforts in both environmental 
and social areas through various initiatives and ensuring that our operations 
remain "Water Positive" year after year. Our focus on reducing Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 emissions strengthened which includes various renewable energy 
projects. 
We would like to update on ESG ratings. Lupin has received a Leadership ESG 
Score of “A-“ by CDP for Climate and Water. The "A-" rating from CDP includes 
Lupin's performance in environmental transparency and management. The 
2024 scores for Climate and Water represent an improvement from last year's 
"B" rating in Climate and “C” rating in Water. 
Further, we have successfully launched an ESG Supplier Assessment with a 
third party, encompassing our critical suppliers. We conduct ongoing ESG 
webinars and workshops to support our key suppliers in enhancing their 
sustainability capacity. Lastly, our "Lives Program" has benefitted over 99,500 
individuals till date. This program focuses on providing rural healthcare 
services to marginalized communities.  
With this, we open the floor for discussions. 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir, for the wonderful insights. We will now begin the 
question and answer session. 
We'll take the first question from Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie.  
Kunal Dhamesha:  
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
First one on the limited competition launches for us in US market over the 
next two, three quarters. We have discussed a few names. I just wanted to 
understand that for those names like generic Jynarque®, generic Glucagon, 
and probably Risperdal Consta, are we on track? And am I missing some key 
product here, which we might be able to launch over the next couple of 
quarters? 
Vinita Gupta: 
The major products are Tolvaptan and Glucagon, Risperdal Consta and 
potentially Liraglutide. So those will be the key products for next year. 
Kunal Dhamesha:  
And can you suggest the probable timelines of that? Tolvaptan is I believe is 
quarter one FY26 but on glucagon and Risperdal Consta, is there any update 
in terms of approval? 
Vinita Gupta: 
So we are making progress on both applications with the agency and would 
expect that hopefully, approval sooner rather than later. But I think it'll be 
safe to assume that Tolvaptan would be the major contributor in the first half 
of the fiscal year and the injectables should ramp up in the second half very 
nicely. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And the recent inspection at Somerset, has that anything to do with our 
Risperdal Consta filing? Was it a PAI? 
Vinita Gupta 
Yes, it was a PAI but for a suspension product, for Edaravone. The Risperdal 
Consta product comes from Netherlands, and is manufactured at a CMO and 
both were inspected by the FDA last year and progressing well. 
Kunal Dhamesha 
And second one on the India business. We have cited that the slow growth is 
primarily due to issues in respiratory therapy, and I believe the respiratory 
therapy growth itself was quite low despite being in a winter season. So what 
are the factors that is leading to the slower growth in your view? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
I mean the market seems to be that way. I mean sequentially the number is 
as an absolute number up actually for respiratory, but it's been lagging for a 
while versus the rest of the market. Even for nine months, the market was 
only at 4%. We were at 3% for nine months and I mean the quarter again has 
been disappointing. I do think it'll bounce back. I mean we've had periods of 
high double-digit growth on respiratory but for the last 12-16 months, it's just 
been slow. 
I think the focus right now from a respiratory perspective in the market has 
been more on anti-infectives and the like, not so much MDI, DPI inhalation 
kind of products. But we believe that it'll bounce back, hopefully in the next 
couple of quarters. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sir, in your view what would be the split of the chronic side of respiratory 
product like inhalers versus acute like anti-infective? 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Our focus is primarily on that.  
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Inhalers, right? 
Nilesh Gupta:  
Yes, primarily MDI, DPI, a little bit of nebulization. That's it. 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Kunal. We'll take the next question from Tushar Manudhane from 
Motilal.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. Particularly first on the R&D spend, though 
the guidance is that it is going to increase  in the fourth quarter, is there any 
specific projects which you would like to highlight which is going to require a 
higher R&D spend compared to INR 434 crores  spend? 
Vinita Gupta:  
Your voice was very muffled, but if we got your question correctly, you're 
asking about the reason for the R&D spend ramping up. A good part of it is 
our complex generics portfolio. It's five nasal sprays actually that we expect 
to file in Q4 versus the rest of the year. So majority of the spend is coming 
into quarter four. Also injectables, there's a good amount of increase in the 
second half of the fiscal year. So it's primarily respiratory and injectables. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Bino from Elara.  
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Just following up on that question on India. So this contribution from this 
tender business which has helped us show growth in that line. What's the 
nature of that? Is it going to be steady next year as well or will it grow or will 
it drop off next year? 
Nilesh Gupta:   
In India on the institutional business. I mean it's been fairly flat. It's been a 
meaningful number. It will continue into the next year as well. But I mean, we 
always call out the business with and without. The India Region Formulation 
business, which is the domestic sales business, is 5.8% year-on-year or 9.1% 
for nine months. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
So this tender part of the business is likely to stay flat next year? 
Nilesh Gupta:  
Yes. I mean it's a good number and it will continue with that good number. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Second on Mirabegron, what are your latest thoughts around the litigation? 
Are you planning to continue selling it at risk? Any further thoughts since the 
last call? 
Vinita Gupta:  
So no change in terms of litigation status. We continue to navigate through 
that process. In the meantime, the generic substitution has gone up. The 
overall available market has gone up and our share has ramped up nicely as 
well. So no real change from a competitive scenario standpoint from the 
litigation developments. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
And the status quo is likely to continue for a few quarters or what are your 
thoughts? 
Vinita Gupta:  
As we navigate through all of the outcomes of litigation, I mean, we expect in 
the first quarter of next fiscal year to get a decision on Mirabegron 2 patent 
and continue to litigate the others. So definitely for this fiscal year, we don't 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
expect any change and then we'll determine the next fiscal year based on the 
outcome of litigation. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
One last question to Ramesh. We have been benefiting from this PLI-related 
income. How long is it likely to continue? How many more quarters? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
The benefit is there for next three years. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
But I believe you are booking up front or so. So at the current level, how long 
will it continue? How many quarters? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
So there would be a decline for sure next year. In the normal course, you 
would be expected to look at about INR 200 crores on an annual basis. But 
you have the benefit of actually taking up to a third more in a particular year 
alone, which we've taken advantage of this year. But obviously, it would 
impact on the total quantum of monies that you can claim over the next three 
years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Surya Patra from Phillip Capital.  
Surya Patra: 
So first of all, could you clarify what is the nature of this provision that has 
been created and have you shared about the specific nature of the dispute 
also? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
So it's basically coming in from litigations, and we don't talk about which 
litigation and the like. It's a conservative provision and that's what it is. 
Surya Patra: 
There is nothing to anticipate or nothing to see any kind of risk relating to the 
Mirabegron right now? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
No. 
Surya Patra:  
Second question is on the respiratory portfolio as a whole. If I remember right, 
then respiratory has become a more than 30% of revenue contributor putting 
all geography put together. And the current period is a kind of a respiratory 
pro respiratory season. So what kind of performance that you would have 
seen for the overall respiratory portfolio for the quarter?. We have seen 
moderation, let's say, in India, we have seen some kind of competition in the 
US relating to Albuterol to be specific. So given that, is there any risk that one 
should think or consider about this portfolio? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
You know, the secular trends would kind of indicate that respiratory is going 
to be very important for us in America and in other parts of the globe and of 
course India as well. There would be some quarter-on-quarter variations and 
the like. And that doesn't necessarily mean that the secular trend is going to 
be upended. 
Surya Patra:  
But this is a kind of a peak seasonal period. During that period, we are 
witnessing relatively underperformance. That’s why the question was. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
You can't pinpoint the reason why there is a decline in any part in India and 
so on. So we just take it as it comes that way. But in a general sense, our focus 
on the segment will certainly continue. 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Vinita Gupta:  
So it's a really strong contribution both in US, Europe, Canada, as well as 
growing in other parts of the world like Australia. And of course in India, we 
have the respiratory market growth at a muted level that is contributing to 
the lower growth. But overall, respiratory still continues to be a major therapy 
area for the organization. It's an area where we expect to bring all the 
material generic products to market across the globe and we expect to also 
innovate like we have done in India with the two triple novel combinations. 
We continue to work on respiratory green propellants for US, Europe as well 
as India plus other products we have the opportunity to bring to market, 
brands like Xopenex® in the US that have been fairly stable. And while we 
have a low growth in respiratory in India, we're seeing the flu season pick up 
in the US again, we're seeing another peak. So the market shares on the 
respiratory portfolio is fairly strong. 
Surya Patra: 
Last question is about the cost. It is great to see your cost optimization 
measures really contributing to the improved margin now, and also possibly 
improved margin is flowing from the improvement what we have been seeing 
in the US business as a whole. So there would be an element of Mirabegron 
which could be a positive surprise. So given that, going ahead, in the next 12-
month period, what kind of a margin performance that we should see for the 
US business? I may not require the number, but qualitatively if you can talk 
something about the next year's US profitability that we are anticipating? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
So there are some tailwinds in terms of forex which you cannot be sure about. 
But the focus on cost is eternal insofar as we are concerned and we have seen 
some good results coming in. We have seen also tailwinds when it comes to 
input costs. But again, as I said, there are geopolitical tensions, et cetera that 
are actually moving parts. You can’t be certain. But I think if you talk about 
overall margins, I did indicate the fact that between 22.5% to 23.5% would be 
a good range to aim for the next fiscal as well. 
Surya Patra: 
Also, are you really worried about the kind of tariff things which has been 
talked about? Although it has been indicated to be around 2.5% on the 
pharma also or any US tariff thing area of concern or uncertainty for  this 
moment? 
Vinita Gupta: 
So we are monitoring it very carefully and the industry has made a strong 
pitch, both from AAM standpoint as well as IPA, the tariffs will have a 
significant impact on the generic industry if it was implemented. I mean 70% 
of generic drugs for the US are imported at present, 50% of generics come 
from India. So there's clearly a significant role that India plays on the generic 
front and we've made that case with all the major stakeholders. So we'll find 
out with the current visit of the PM to the administration what transpires. But 
we are hoping that pharmaceuticals and generic drugs in particular will be 
exempted. And if it’s otherwise, we'll be looking at other ways and means of 
mitigating the impact with a combination of manufacturing in the US as well 
as wherever possible, from a cost perspective and otherwise. We are 
watching it very carefully, but hopeful that the case made by the industry has 
been heard and the implication is understood that any tariff impact can really 
cause more product disruption and drug shortages which no one wants in the 
country. 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Anubhav Agarwal from UBS. 
Anubhav Agarwal:  
One question is on Radicava. Vinita, which year can you launch it? Is it next 
one, two years or beyond that? 
Vinita Gupta: 
Which product are you referring to, Anubhav? 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
The Somerset where you have the PAI on Radicava? 
Vinita Gupta:  
I think it's out for a good number of years. It's not in the next two years. 
Anubhav Agarwal:  
Second is on the Canada - Semaglutide opportunity. Would you be in the first 
year of the opportunity or are you pursuing that? 
Vinita Gupta:  
The team is working on it. We're hopeful that we'll be in the first wave 
between FY26 and FY27. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Bansi Desai from JP Morgan.  
Bansi Desai: 
Vinita ma'am, you mentioned about increasing our focus on the specialty 
business in the US. So if you could just elaborate on that. Are we talking about 
acquiring brands like we did in case of Xopenex® or are we also going to 
evaluate probably late-stage assets? So what would be our strategy here and 
have you earmarked any investments for this business? 
Vinita Gupta: 
So we do want to build specialty as the third major arm for our global business 
with the US being a major focus. And assets like Xopenex® is a sweet spot for 
us, products that fit strategic aspirations, building on the respiratory front and 
ideally on market assets. But we know it's difficult to really get on market 
assets. So we're also looking at late-stage assets that are compelling from an 
investment perspective. 
And you know that we are a debt-free company at this point, so have the 
ability to invest for the right programs and opportunities. We haven't 
earmarked but are committed for the right assets to explore as well as close 
wherever possible, both acquisitions. Simultaneously, we are also building a 
pipeline in the respiratory front with the capabilities we have; on the R&D 
side, the opportunities that we have on the green propellant front, to take 
the meter dose inhalers and come up with more climate-friendly and 
achieving both our sustainability goals and offering a differentiated product 
to the patients and the market. We continue to innovate on that front on the 
pipeline. So a combination of both pipeline as well as late-stage assets is what 
we're looking at. 
Bansi Desai:  
And given the biotech funding has been weak out there in the US, is it fair to 
assume that there are good assets that are available in the market? 
Vinita Gupta:  
There's a lot of opportunities right now that if one could acquire at least a few 
assets that are meaningful. So really good opportunity to acquire assets. 
Bansi Desai:  
Secondly on the Tolvaptan opportunity. Post exclusivity, how should we see 
the competition coming in? Would it be in a staggered manner and would 
Tolvaptan be a meaningful contributor in fiscal '27 as well for us? 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Vinita Gupta:  
We expect it to have a stronger tail because it's a specialty product, REMS 
product. It's the conversion we expect is going to be slower than what you 
would expect in a simple oral solid and the tail should be longer. So we would 
expect both second half of the fiscal year as other competition comes in, plus 
into fiscal year '27, it should be a meaningful product. 
Bansi Desai:  
And lastly, in terms of margin trajectory, two years out, when I just look at 
some of the moving parts, probably PLI would have been normalized. 
Jynarque® also would have been probably at normalized levels. But then 
again, you have certain businesses in India which are probably loss-making 
today and that could probably contribute positively. So how should we think 
about margins, say, in fiscal '27-28? Would fair to assume it would be higher 
than where we are currently? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
Given the kind of products that we'll be bringing to the market, obviously the 
top-line buoyancy would continue. There's also the focus on cost and we have 
taken up a number of initiatives which would actually certainly keep that on 
a tight leash. And the third aspect of the entire program that you spoke about 
is essentially adjacencies. Clearly, we are losing about a couple of percentage 
points because of essentially the losses that these adjacencies are currently 
lapping up at this stage. But that said, over the next three years, we expect 
that to also turn positive. But we also have growth plans in terms of spinning 
it off at some point. So clearly, upward movement on the EBITDA front is 
certainly to be expected. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Saion Mukherjee. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
So Vinita, Nilesh, if you can talk about Semaglutide, other than Canada, which 
all markets you already filed. And if you can take us through 2026 and 2027, 
how should we think about the launches? And your preparedness in terms of 
formulation and API? And how much will be the dependence on partners for 
this product? So if you can just draw the landscape broadly for this product 
over the next two years? 
Nilesh Gupta: 
I think on India - on the injectable, I mean there's going to be many players. 
We'll have it in that first wave as well. The more interesting part to solve for 
in India is the oral product, and we're hoping to have that at the time of loss 
of exclusivity as well. We think that that will be the more important product 
to deliver on and that will come from an internal development. 
And then for other markets, we're obviously looking across, I mean Canada 
we talked about earlier. But Vinita, do you want to add for other? 
Vinita Gupta:  
For the oral solid, which is an opportunity also in multiple markets, we have 
internal development. And for the injectable Semaglutide, we have 
partnerships in place. For a few markets, we have existing partnerships, 
others in the works. But we would expect the '27 calendar year to be in at 
least a handful of the open markets for Semaglutide. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And in terms of capacity, anything you can share? Your ability to service the 
markets? Have you invested in that from a formulation perspective? 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
For the oral solid, definitely we have internal capacity, as well as  injectable, 
although we have partnered with companies, we have the ability to double 
up with our Nagpur facility. But right now, we are counting on partners for 
the injectable. 
Saion Mukherjee:  
And next one was on green propellant. You mentioned Vinita about that 
opportunity. So how should we think about it? When do we get more clarity 
on this? And how meaningful this opportunity you see at this point? 
Vinita Gupta: 
So we expect the metered dose inhaler market will move materially, maybe 
starting in five years, but definitely over the 10 years into the green propellant 
products certainly with the moves that the major pharma companies have 
made like GSK, AstraZeneca, as well as Chiesi. From a European standpoint, 
we hope to be at the forefront as a material player on the respiratory front, 
with our Xopenex® brand as well as other MDIs to bring better propellant 
products to the market. So we have multiple products in development right 
now, not at the stage where we are filing in the next year but certainly year 
next, fiscal year '27, we should start to see product filings. 
Saion Mukherjee:  
One more question regarding biosimilars. We sense that  the investments 
slowed down in the recent past. Any fresh thoughts there? Are you planning 
to step up investments in biosimilars? Any view you have on that space and 
Lupin’s participation? 
Vinita Gupta:  
Actually, it's a promising trend on the biosimilars front in the US in particular 
in the last 12 months, both from a regulatory perspective with the FDA easing 
the requirements on interchangeability, you don't need to do additional 
studies for interchangeability anymore. And with the trend on private labels 
from the large PBMs like with Caremark and Humira, what they did with the 
Sandoz, the Cordavis label that converted the majority of the market from 
Humira to the biosimilar, that is a promising trend on the market front. 
In the past, as we looked at it, both from a development perspective, we saw 
the biosimilars were fairly onerous, capital intensive, and then from a go-to-
market standpoint you needed commercial infrastructure and both seem to 
start easing up at this point. So it's a really positive trend. I mean we have a 
good number of products for the near term, so we continue to invest in those. 
As I mentioned, Ranibizumab was filed in EU this past quarter, will be filed in 
the US. So we have Pegfilgrastim that we still see as an opportunity, as we get 
the product approved. We have Ranibizumab, Aflibercept, and then 
Etanercept in '29 that comes into the market in the US where we should be 
one of three in the market and then we have other products like Certolizumab 
and Mepolizumab respiratory products as well that we are pursuing. So 
actually, it looks like the biosimilar market is starting to open up and, as it 
does, we'll continue to look at opportunities. As it opens up and on the one 
side the challenges come down, but the competition goes up. So our focus is 
very much going to be in limited competition products where we're going to 
be in the first wave, where we can be one of two, one of three. That is the 
kind of focus that we will have from a portfolio standpoint. So it will be a fairly 
selective number of products that we will pursue. 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Shyam Srinivasan. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
On the European market, the kind of growth that we have seen about 20%. If 
you could kind of articulate what's driven that growth. I think you called out 
two products, but just want to understand the sustainability of the growth in 
the European market for the path ahead. 
Vinita Gupta: 
So you know, respiratory portfolio has been a big contributor in the European 
growth, in particular in the UK as well as Germany, where we've continued to 
grow our market share with Luforbec®. And now with the Nalcrom® addition 
in Germany in particular that's helped us grow Germany, you know, the 
combination of Luforbec® as well as Nalcrom®. So respiratory portfolio has 
been a big contributor for the European growth and we expect, you know, to 
continue revenues at the current level. So, wherever we can, we will grow 
share. We are getting into new markets in Europe as well. Right now we are 
in 13 countries with Luforbec® but have the potential of launching in countries 
like Spain and others. So continue to make inroads there. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
And just a second question, going back to the question on tariffs. If you see, 
there's increasing risk that 10% import tariffs come on critical imports in the 
US and the critical imports do include pharmaceuticals at this point of time. 
So I'm just going to ask a hypothetical question. In case it gets announced as 
early as next Feb 18th Feb seems to be the date, what are the mitigation 
efforts in terms of do we have pricing power to increase that onto our 
customers our you think we are going to have to absorb it at the start and 
then negotiate? Because moving manufacturing and other stuff while we 
have capacity probably takes time. So I just want to understand the push and 
pulls around - I know it's a hypothetical question but seems - given what is 
happening on trade, a more likely one than not. So just want to see from a 
management preparedness in case such tariffs occur, what is the thought 
process? 
Vinita Gupta:  
So we are looking at multiple different avenues there to look at the impact 
and how you mitigate it. But as an industry, we have all aligned on the fact 
that the industry has gone through a lot of pressures. Critical medicines, high-
volume low-price medicines cannot bear additional costs. So with 70% of the 
products imported into the country on the generic front, 50% contribution 
overall generics from India, I mean one would expect prices would go up in 
case on critical medicines, in case, the tariffs are implemented. 
So again, I mean it's hypothetical but as an industry, we have everyone 
recognizes the impact that tariffs can have on the cost of goods and 
understands that it either leads to a cost increase for the market or you're 
going to see disruptions in the market. 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
And you are not reckoning the response to the Indian government also. They 
actually reduced tariff on certain rates on certain categories of goods and so 
on from America. So we don't know their response for this particular category 
also as yet. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Vivek Agrawal from Citi.  

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Vivek Agrawal: 
So the question is related to Tolvaptan. Given that this is going to be an at risk 
launch and you have highlighted that this is going to be REMS product and 
conversion is expected to be slower. So what kind of the market share you 
are expecting during exclusivity? Is this going to be let's say around 15%, 20% 
or maybe higher like 30% - 40%. So any colour if you can provide that would 
be super helpful. 
Vinita Gupta: 
We hope that it gets to the 30% - 40% level based on the partnerships we 
have established with the key channel partners on the product.  
Vivek Agrawal 
And a related question. Post  180 days exclusivity, right, how many players 
you are expecting in this particular product? Maybe two, three or many 
other? 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yeah. We are expecting two, three additional players. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Nitin Agarwal from Dam Capital. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Vinita, there has been a lot of general concern in the sector with respect to 
sector facing certain sort of US sales erosion in FY27 post-Revlimid® sales 
going away. While we don't have the Revlimid® challenges, we do have our 
set of large ticket products in FY26 like Tolvaptan, maybe Mirabegron as you 
mentioned continuing in FY26. So I mean as you see the business looking 
through a couple of years out in FY27, do you see a risk of growing or , not 
growing over the FY'26 base that you will end up creating? 
Vinita Gupta: 
So we have a strong pipeline that we are pursuing. Some of these products 
that we are expecting maybe competition to come in, just gone by how long 
it has taken for us to get approval on products like say Spiriva. That took us 
five years to get FDA approval. One believes that it's going to take longer for 
competition also to get approved. So we do feel, with the pipeline that we 
have in place that we should be able to continue to drive growth in the US 
market despite pressures on products where you lose exclusivity. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
So I mean if we are going to do  double-digit growth all over in '27 or '26? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
It depends on so many things really essentially. So we have a rich pipeline but 
as you say there are moving parts because of various things. But over the next 
five years, we are focusing on what we think would be the complex portfolio 
and that would help in kind of securing growth over the next four years, five 
years. 
Vinita Gupta: 
We expect in fiscal year '26, the US should be at a USD billion plus and then 
look at how we can sustain the growth from there. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Neha Manpuria. 
Neha Manpuria:  
Quick question first on the capital allocation. If I were to you know ask for a 
rank order in terms of, you know, where we would pursue M&A, would it be 
India, Specialty, biosimilars How should I think about priorities for capital 
allocation for Lupin? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
You correctly pointed out, the highest priority would obviously be India. 
There would of course be opportunities in generics up to a particular limit in 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
other parts, including America. And of course, we have a larger chunk 
reserved for specialty itself. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And would you like to earmark a number as to what we would like to spend 
in, India or US generic in case of acquisitions? 
Vinita Gupta:  
I think Ramesh meant to say, you know, India, Specialty and then generics, 
wherever we need it, in that order. With specialty and India being the major 
focus. 
Neha Manpuria: 
We don't have like an earmark number as to this is what we would like to 
invest in, let's say, India, Specialty? 
Vinita Gupta: 
No, it's based on the opportunity and what we see in terms of synergies as 
well as growth potential. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
But having said that, we would be comfortable with a bite-size acquisition, 
USD 200 million to USD 250 million should be easy enough for us. 
Neha Manpuria: 
In each of these areas? 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Several of them. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Second, I think in the past, we've talked about CDMO opportunity, you know, 
that we're probably exploring, you know, for growth beyond, FY27. Any 
update there? Have we looked at Capex? You know, what's the thought 
process on that? 
Nilesh Gupta: 
So we've spun out Lupin Manufacturing Solutions and there's a whole team 
that's been put together for this as well. Efforts are on in all earnest now. 
They're actually putting the strategy together, which they'll have in place. So 
we'd hope to give some more flavor on this next quarter. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And have you earmarked the Capex for this, Nilesh? 
Nilesh Gupta: 
No, it'll come along with the strategy. 
Operator: 
We'll take the next question from Harsh Bhatia. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Spiriva market share for FY25, our target was somewhere around 35% - 40%. 
In December, as for the presentation, it's around 30% - 31%. So what are the 
plans for Spiriva market share at this stage, including commercial versus 
Medicare and Medicaid channel?  
Vinita Gupta: 
So the team has done a really good job in activating multiple areas from a 
conversion standpoint, but we're starting to see some impact already in 
January where TRx share has become high 30's has gone to 38% level and NRx 
is 40% plus. So you know the multiple efforts on from a co-pay standpoint to 
ease the burden on the patient to access into Medicare/Medicaid through 
contracting, plus other avenues are starting to show results. So we are 
hopeful that we sustain this level into the rest of the quarter and into the next 
fiscal year to get the overall market share to hopefully 40% plus. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Just one clarification on this incremental market share that is standing out, 
earlier mentioned that at a commercial level, you were already at 40% plus. 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
So this incremental market share is sort of coming from the non-commercial 
side of the business? 
Vinita Gupta: 
That's right. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
And this is sort of related to the out-of-pocket capping that the innovator had 
undertaken let's say a few months back. Does that sort of relate to that in any 
extent? 
Vinita Gupta: 
No, maybe we can take this question offline but it's needless to say the efforts 
that the team has put in to drive conversion to our generic are starting to 
show. We'll have to still continue to monitor the trend to see if it is sustainable 
but it's looking good so far in January to February. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Very lastly on this USD 250 million run rate for the quarter for FY26, basically 
USD 1 billion number. What is the assumption for Mirabegron, if I may ask for 
this number? 
Vinita Gupta: 
We assume that additional competition comes in, in the second half of the 
year. On Mirabegron, we've assumed that Albuterol faces competition or 
impact of competition that has already started. And we've assumed that 
Tolvaptan helps tremendously in the first half and injectables plus Tolvaptan 
in the second half. 
Moderator: 
We'll take one last question from Tushar Manudhane.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
Just continuing on R&D spend. While we have highlighted INR 1,750 crores to 
INR 1,800 crores for FY25.,would you follow it for FY26 as well? On an 
absolute basis, how much R&D spend will be? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
I would say, as an absolute there would be an increase but as a percentage of 
sales, it will perhaps be around the same levels. But given the focus that we 
have on more complex stuff and the like, this is inevitable. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So INR 1,800 crores to INR 1,900 crores safe to assume that much of spend to 
happen? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
Yeah, that's a slight increase over that if necessary. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And just if you could share specifically for Canada Semaglutide, like market in 
terms of units, how big it could be? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
We can take that offline, please. 
Moderator: 
I now hand the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Vinita Gupta: 
Thank you. Hopefully, we have been able to answer all your questions. We'll 
be happy to take any that we have not been able to get to offline. There were 
a lot of questions on what is likely to happen in the US from a tariffs 
perspective. And as I mentioned, we hope that the industry efforts do pay off 
in terms of to ensure the sustainability of the US generic industry in the 
interest of patients as well as other stakeholders. 
From a Lupin standpoint, we are very pleased with how the company has 
performed this fiscal year and really excited with the potential in the near 

 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
term with our major growth drivers, looking very clear from an approvability 
standpoint as well as market launch standpoint, and improving market 
conditions in new areas for Lupin like biosimilars. 
We look forward to continue to execute on our strategic plan to drive growth 
across key major markets and evolve our business from generics into more 
branded and specialty on top of complex generics in the year ahead and 
certainly in the next couple of years. 
So thank you again for your support and attention. We look forward to 
catching up with you at the end of this fiscal year in May, hopefully in person. 
Thank you again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, ma'am. On behalf of Lupin Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now exit the webinar. 
Thank you. 
