 
 
No. RITES/SECY/NSE                                                                             Date: February 5, 2025 ͧ
लिèटंग ͪ वभाग, 
नेशनल èटॉक एÈसचɅज ऑफ इंͫ डया ͧ लͧ मटेड, 
'एÈसचɅज Üलाजा', सी-1, Þलॉक जी, 
बांġा-कुला[ कॉàÜलेÈस, बांġा (पूव[),  
मुंबई – 400051 
कॉपȾरेट संबंध ͪ वभाग, 
बीएसई ͧ लͧ मटेड, 
रोटुंडा ǒबिãडंग, पी जे टावस[,  
दलाल èĚȣट, फोट[,  
मुंबई - 400001 
 
Scrip Code- RITES 
 
Scrip Code- 541556 
 ͪ
वषय  : Ǔनवेशकɉ/ͪ वæलेषकɉ कȧ बैठक का पǐरणाम - 31 Ǒदसंबर, 2024 को समाÜत Ǔतमाहȣ और नौ महȣनɉ के ͪ
वƣीय पǐरणामɉ पर चचा[ के ͧ लए आयोिजत कॉÛĥɅ स कॉल का ĤǓतलेख। 
Subject: Outcome of investors/analysts meet - Transcript of the Conference Call held to 
discuss Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 
2024. 
 ͪ
Ĥय महोदय/महोदया, 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
सेबी (सूचीबɮधता दाǓय×व और Ĥकटȣकरण आवæयकताएँ) ͪ वǓनयम, 2015 के ͪ वǓनयम 30 के अनुपालन मɅ, 
कृपया संलÊन कॉÛĥɅ स कॉल का ĤǓतलेख ĤाÜत करɅ, जो ͪ वæलेषकɉ और Ǔनवेशकɉ के साथ बुधवार, 29 जनवरȣ, 
2025 को आयोिजत कȧ गई थी, िजसमɅ कंपनी के 31 Ǒदसंबर, 2024 को समाÜत Ǔतमाहȣ और नौ महȣनɉ के 
अǓनͧ म[त ͪ वƣीय पǐरणामɉ पर चचा[ कȧ गई थी। 
 
यह आपकȧ जानकारȣ और अͧ भलेखɉ के ͧ लए Ĥèतुत ͩ कया जा रहा है। 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Conference call with analysts 
and investors held on Wednesday, January 29, 2025 to discuss the un-audited financial results 
of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended on December 31, 2024.  
   
This is for your information and records. 
 
धÛयवाद/Thanking You. 
भवदȣय/ Yours sincerely, 
राइɪस ͧ लͧ मटेड के ͧ लए/ For RITES Limited 
 
     
 
 
अशोक ͧ मĮा/ Ashok Mishra 
कàपनी सͬ चव व अनुपालन अͬ धकारȣ/ Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
एफ सी एस Đमांक/ FCS No.: 6411 
Ashok 
Mishra
Digitally signed 
by Ashok Mishra 
Date: 2025.02.05 
14:38:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
Rites Limited  
Rites Limited Q3 and 9M financial year’25 Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2025 
 
Moderator:  
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am moderator for this conference. Welcome to 
the conference call of Rites Limited to discuss its Q3 and 9M financial year’25 results. 
We have with us today, Shri Rahul Mithal, Chairman and Managing Director; Shri Arun 
Kumar Singh, Director Projects; Dr. Deepak Tripathi – Director Technical and Shri 
Krishna  Gopal Agarwal - Director Finance.  
 
At this moment, all participants’ are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a 
question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press “*” and 
“1” on your telephone keypad. Please note this conference is being recorded and in the 
interest of time and fairness to all participants, you are requested to restrict yourselves 
to one question per participant. Time permits, you may come back in the question 
queue. I would now like to hand the floor over to Shri Rahul Mithal - Chairman and 
Managing Director. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Good morning, everyone. Let me start with giving the Safe Harbor statement. The 
presentation and the press release which we uploaded on our website and exchanges 
yesterday and discussions during the call today may have some forward-looking 
statements. These statements consider the environment we see as of today and 
obviously carry a risk in terms of uncertainty because of which the actual results could 
be different and we do not undertake to update those statements periodically.   
So, let me start with a brief overview of the Q3 performance before we leave the floor 
open for questions: 
So, as you see, the Q3, YOY has a dip of about 15 to 16% both in top line and the bottom 
line. If you see sequentially, there has been an uptake in all the parameters, whether it 
is the top line, whether it is the EBITDA, the PAT, and in fact both the EBITDA margins 
and PAT margins also have seen about 1% growth. So, this is in line with our focus, as 
we have been saying right from the beginning of this financial year, in line with our 
focus strategy to improved execution. 
The second prong of our two-pronged focus strategy was to get aggressive order 
inflow and as you must have seen, this quarter has broken all records. We have got 
about 110 plus orders totaling to Rs. 1900 plus crore, which is nearly equivalent to the 
Rs. 2200 crore which we got in the entire previous financial year, and it is about 3x the 
order inflow of Quarter 2. So, that is the kind of order inflows. We have maintained a 

 
Page 2 of 12 
strike rate of one order a day now successively for 4 quarters. We have got an order 
book now of about Rs. 8000 crore, which is an all-time high. So, the performance to my 
mind, while YOY definitely there is a dip, but in terms of the performance of Q3, in line 
with our stated two-pronged focus strategy of improved execution and aggressive 
order inflows has been in line with our, as I said, our guidance and as our strategy at 
the beginning of this financial year and this would be the trend that we see moving 
forward into Q4. So, with those opening remarks, I leave the floor open for questions 
and I will come to specifics in response to questions. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Now, we begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Vishal Periwal from Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sir, in terms of execution, I know inflows have been pretty robust. So, when do you see 
execution picking up, particularly say for turnkey? Though we have orders, but on a 
year-on-year basis, revenue has declined last quarter also, in this quarter also. So, any 
color on that will be helpful, sir. 
Rahul Mithal:  
Good morning, Vishal. Specifically for turnkey, you see the dip YOY has been as the 
older turnkey orders like, for example, railway electrification, etc., they have now 
nearly reached their completion and the fresh order inflows in the turnkey segment 
and overall, in the last quarter and this financial year, whether it is turnkey, 
consultancy or expotech, will start generating definitely revenue Q4 & Q1 onwards 
and as I said, Q4, we would strive to continue the sequential trend. But if you see on a 
YOY basis, I see, the coming financial year 25-26, at least a 20% growth on the top line, 
which would be the result of these revenues flowing in from all, whether consultancy, 
expotech or turnkey. So, this is our target, our aspiration to see a 20% top line growth 
in the coming financial year vis-a-vis the current financial year. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you.  Next question comes from the line of from the line of Vinamra Hirawat 
from JM Financial. Please go ahead.  
Vinamra Hirawat: 
So, I just had one question, which is on exports. So, now we have Bangladesh and 
Mozambique, both in our order books. I want to know what percentage of these will be 
executed in financial year’26, the timelines of these orders and the margins for these 
orders. Last year, we had like 21% in exports margins. Is it higher than that for these 
orders and an update on Zimbabwe, if possible? 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes. So, let me first break down your question into 3-4 parts. First is in terms of 
execution. We have an order book of export of about Rs. 1300 crore, which includes 
Mozambique, Bangladesh and South Africa. So, these will definitely, as I said, they have 
a lead time of about 12 to 18 months. So, we foresee these orders start giving us 

 
Page 3 of 12 
revenue in the next financial year and out of this order book of 1300 crores in Exports, 
we aim at least a minimum 40% odd to see the revenue realization in the coming 
financial year. As I said, the export revenue gets booked only when the bill of lading 
happens. So, that's why there is a staggered revenue booking.  
In terms of Zimbabwe, you asked a question. Well, still it is not part of our order book 
and the funding which is being sourced by them from AFRIEXIM Bank, is still being 
pursued jointly by the National Railway of Zimbabwe and us, but it is still to reach a 
finality. We are hoping that it does so, because it's been a long time since it has been in 
the process.  
In terms of margins, these orders, both Bangladesh and Mozambique, have been for 
the first time in the history of about 4 to 5 decades on a competitive basis. The 
Bangladesh order was a global tender, an EIB funded tender. So, margins cannot be in 
the range which were there in the line of credit EXIM Bank tenders where the margin 
was much higher. So, the 20%-odd margins which have been traditionally there in the 
export stream, the margins will be lesser. Each order would have a different margin. 
So, on a blended basis, and by and large, it would be definitely much lesser than 20%-
odd which has historically been there in the Exports. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nemish Sundar from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Nemish Sundar : 
Sir, I am just continuing on the exports question. I just wanted to ask, so how is the 
export pipeline now and are we expecting any export order this year or could we 
expect a big order next year in line with your guidance of one big export order a year?  
Rahul Mithal:  
In fact, I must tell you, we broke the hiatus about 4 quarters back and we made a target 
that we will try and get an export order every quarter and we have maintained that. 
The last 4 trailing quarters, we have got an export order in every quarter. There are a 
lot of bids in the pipeline and we will continue to strive to get at least one export order 
in every quarter. Some could be big, some could be of medium size, but definitely with 
the kind of opportunities and the aggressive bidding that we are doing, not relying on 
the traditional line of credit opportunities which are hardly there now in terms of 
export of rolling stock, we foresee that we will maintain this trend of getting fresh 
Exports orders in the coming quarters. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shreyansh Mehta, from Equirus. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 4 of 12 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, one bookkeeping question. What will be the net cash on 
our books as on date, our own cash? 
Rahul Mithal:  
So, our cash balance is about 609 crores and the rest we keep as a client fund which is 
separate.  That is a client fund of about 2600 crores which is taken on both side (asset 
& liability) side in or books. So, that is  separate and our cash balance is about 609 
crores. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Viraj with Jupiter Financial. Please go 
ahead.  
Viraj:  
Good morning, sir. My question is, now more than around 45% of the revenue coming 
from the turnkey, is it going to be new normal now for us because of the kind of 
circumstances we are in? Because the turnkey pie is increasing, and the margins are 
lesser there. So, even the margin, new pad margins also would be new normal? 
Rahul Mithal:  
Good morning, Viraj. So, let me put the reply in a reverse manner. You see, we have 
been aiming that the consultancy revenue remains definitely 50% plus and that is 
what is going to remain.  In some quarters, because the export revenue was not there, 
you saw bigger contribution from the turnkey segment. But moving forward, as the 
export revenue will also be substantial, on a quarter-by-quarter basis, there will be a 
mix of turnkey and export. Yes, turnkey would definitely have much lower margins 
compared to export. But the overall EBITDA margins of about 20% on a console basis 
and PAT margins of about 15-16% on a console basis. To my mind, as I have been 
indicating in the last quarter also, this is the bottom of the barrel that we have reached, 
and we would strive to maintain these levels of EBITDA and PAT margins on a console 
basis with a blend of the different streams of high and low margin revenue. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you.  Next question comes from the line of Nemish Sundar from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Nemish Sundar:  
Thank you for the follow-up question. I just wanted to know, in the quality assurance, I 
think we saw some dip this quarter due to some increased competition. So, could you 
please give some more clarity on that? 
Rahul Mithal:  
There is not really a dip. The overall in quality assurance has been, as you are aware 
of the change dynamics vis-à-vis last year. So, yes, if you compare it on a 9-month to 
9-month basis, as the new order started kicking in from Q2 of last financial year or Q3 
of last financial year, gradually, sequentially, there has been a dip in the contribution 
of quality assurance to the overall consultancy revenue. But in terms of sequentially 
now, because of a larger client base, in fact last financial year, if you see the total 

 
Page 5 of 12 
revenue was about 60% from IR and about 40% from non-IR, that has flipped now and 
now we are about 60% on non-IR in this quarter and about 40% in IR as a client. So, 
because of the larger base of quality assurance clients, whether it is state 
governments, renewables, solar, power transmission, oil companies, gem portal, etc., 
the revenue mix is changing and the levels of quality assurance revenue contributing 
to the overall consultancy revenue will now have seen, as I said again, a few quarters 
back, the bottom of the barrel is only going to increase now in sequential quarters 
because of the larger order book and larger client base. 
Moderator:  
Thank you.  Next question comes from the line of Viraj with Jupiter Financial. 
Viraj: 
 Yes, regarding the guidance you said in the last call, we will be matching last year's 
number, right? So, the current year guidance should be what? Last year's plus 20% 
growth and 15% PAT margin, is that correct to think? That should be the basis for my 
analysis? 
Rahul Mithal:  
You see, if you see 9 months to 9 months, we have had a hit of about Rs. 200 crore on 
the top line and if you break it down, this Rs. 200 crore, Rs. 100 crore is because of 
export revenue which was nearly nil this year in the 9 months. Rs. 50 crore is a hit 
because of quality assurance revenue and Rs. 50 crore is a hit because of turnkey 
revenue which, as I said, the turnkey projects which were finishing. So, this is the Rs. 
200 crore hit in the top line. The bottom-line hit in this 9 months is about Rs. 80 crore. 
This Rs. 80 crore, about Rs. 40 crore is because of this dip of Rs. 200 crore and another 
Rs. 40 crore is because of the dip in EBITDA margins, YOY, by about 5%. So, that's the 
total trend for these 9 months. That moving forward, and that is in terms of 
percentage, 9 months to 9 months, the top line has taken a dip of about 11% and the 
PAT has taken a dip of about 25%. So, moving forward for this financial year, with again 
increased focus on execution in Q4, what we will definitely strive to come as close to 
the previous financial year. We are aiming that the dip in top line should be at least 
below 10% and the dip in bottom line should be in the range of aiming to be 20% or at 
least aim below 20%. So, that's as far as this financial year is concerned. Execution is 
going to be the focus for coming quarters and this huge order book of Rs. 8,000 crore 
will start generating revenue Q1, Q2 onwards and we are aiming, as I said, for the 
coming financial year growth of at least about 20% on the top line vis-a-vis the 
financial year’24-25 and margins, we are aiming to, aspiring to maintain at the current 
levels of about 20%-odd on a console basis EBITDA margin and about 15-16% PAT 
margin. 
Viraj: 
So, sir, we will be closing this year around 2400 recurrence revenue, right? That would 
be the target to strive. Is that correct to think?  

 
Page 6 of 12 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes, in terms of numbers, as I said, we are about 11% down on top line, aiming to be 
10% or below 10%, so somewhere in that range and in terms of profit, we are about 
25% down, so aiming to be about 20 odd in that range. So, that Q4 execution will aim 
to bring the overall financial year in that range. 
Viraj: 
So, the Q4 would be the better quarter. We will try to be the better quarter for the year. 
That would be right. 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes, definitely. Q1, Q2, Q3 have been sequentially improving and definitely Q4 we are 
aiming to be better as Q3 has been better vis-a-vis Q2 in all parameters, whether it is 
the top line, whether EBITDA, PAT and even margins have gone up by 1 %-odd . So, Q4, 
we again aim that it sequentially improve over Q3. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viraj with Jupiter Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Viraj: 
 Yes, sir. What would be our dividend policy? Would it be the same as last year, around 
90% payout?  
Rahul Mithal:  
Well, as you see the dividend payout for Quarter 3 has been about 95% plus averaging 
out, even if you take all the 3 quarters, it has averaged out to about 95% plus, which is 
in the range of the overall of last financial year, which again was about 95.2%. So, this 
is the trend that we would definitely like to continue. We don't see any major change 
in our policy. We are a low CAPEX company and debt-free company and we would like 
to maintain this trend. 
Moderator:  
Thank you.  Next question comes to the line of Parimal Mithani with Credential 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Parimal Mithani: 
 I just wanted to get a clarification in terms of consultancy. You had a tie-up with one 
of the global consultancy companies. How is that tie-up going? How is the tie-up going  
across. In terms of Middle East, if you can show how you are progressing there? 
Rahul Mithal:  
Parimal, which tie-up are you talking about? See, in Middle East, we have a MoU with 
Etihad Rail, which is the leading player in rail infra. We tied up last year with Abu Dhabi 
Ports, which not only has presence in UAE but across Africa and Asia in ports and other 
infra like economic zones and logistic parts. So, we are working with them. We are 
exploring various opportunities and these are early days. So, I am sure that we will, we 
have already opened an office in UAE and moving forward also working on the IMEC 
corridor. So, these will definitely generate more and more opportunities and orders in 
the coming quarters. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
Parimal Mithani: 
Okay and sir, in terms of my first question about the quality assurance, you had a tie-
up with some global major for consultancy business in India. So, can you, I forgot the 
company name, but it was one of the companies that you had a tie-up for consultancy 
across that format. So, can you through light on it?  
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes. So, that tie-up has already started yielding results and we have got an order from 
Rail Coach Factory Kapurthala for the safety audit of the electrical systems in the 
coaches being manufactured and also we have got an order for Vande Bharat Rakes 
also, inspection of quality assurance of Vande Bharat Rakes. So, that tie-up is giving us 
results.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vinamra Hirawat with GM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Vinamra Hirawat:  
I just want to understand your power gen REMC segment a little better. Why we are 
not getting orders and is this a segment that we can scale better in the future?  
Rahul Mithal:  
REMC is primarily a consultancy company for power procurement for Indian railways 
and it has been showing a steady revenue of about Rs. 30 odd crores on every quarter, 
Rs. 35 crore in fact this quarter. It is showing a good PAT of Rs. 19-20 crores. This 
quarter it was 90 crores. It has given a good dividend. So, it is linked to power 
consumption as more and more electrification is happening, and it is definitely going 
to grow. One of its revenues also comes from doing renewable tenders for Indian 
Railways, which we got a revenue, and we finalized one tender of RTC and we already 
have other such tenders in the pipeline and as we finalize them this will also add to the 
revenue. 
Rahul Mithal:  
Okay. Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Viraj with Jupiter Financial.  
Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
 Would you like to throw some light for the opportunities in terms of IMEEC project? 
The IMEEC that the south in the Middle Corridor which government is thinking about. 
Do we have any play there? 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes, the IMEEC corridor. As I mentioned, we have set up an office in UAE. We are 
working with our 2 MoU partners there. Also, we are working here in close 
collaboration with the shipping ministry to develop certain digital interfaces in this 
corridor, which is basically for ease of doing business. This is a virtual trade corridor. So, 
these are a huge opportunity for us both in terms of the India side and the UAE side for 
leveraging opportunities in this IMEC corridor and I see in the coming years and 
quarters definitely some orders coming up in this. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
Viraj: 
Okay. Any numbers in terms of addressable market size?  
Rahul Mithal:  
See, this is early days of development of this corridor and our engagement with various 
players in this has already started and it will be unfair to give number right now, but 
you can appreciate that the opportunities are huge and our presence there and our 
MoUs in UAE as well as our working already with the various stakeholders on the 
Indian side have opened up a huge number of opportunities and I am sure in the coming 
financial year, you will see some finite orders coming up in this regard. 
Moderator:  
Next question comes from the line of Next question comes from the line of Shreyansh 
Mehta, from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Sir, how should one look at the Bangladesh export order in terms of execution and in 
terms of working capital? I know we have guided for closure to 40% coming from that 
1300 odd, but primarily how should one look at the Bangladesh given the recent 
developments? 
Rahul Mithal:  
See, Bangladesh is about a Rs. 900 crore order and there was a few months of slight 
hit in terms of movement of this order which has resulted in sliding of the execution to 
the next financial year. We were hopeful that we would be able to execute at least 40 
odd coaches by this financial year, but because of those few months, it has slided into 
the next financial year. But things have really picked up and we are closely working 
with the Bangladesh Railways and I see that execution is definitely going to start by 
middle or latter part of the coming financial year because the initial designs have been 
submitted for prototypes and they are under various approvals and then once that is 
done, manufacturing is not going to take much time because we have a huge 
manufacturing capacity and I see the revenue realization definitely happening by the 
latter part of the coming financial year. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Sir, any colour on working capital cycle? I mean, will these payments be swift? 
Rahul Mithal:  
There will be a very minimal working capital requirement and it will keep coming 
phase-wise based on the total production that happens and that is the basic model. 
You see, our working capital requirement in all our export orders is not a very 
substantial amount.  It keeps phased out and we get certain advance also from clients. 
There are milestones for getting some advance. So, the working capital requirement is 
not a very huge in any of these export orders. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vishal Periwal from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 9 of 12 
Vishal Periwal: 
I think you did mention that in terms of our console-level growth, we are looking at 20-
%-odd , which is like an incremental revenue of Rs. 500-odd crores and exports, then 
you mentioned segment-wise 40% execution that itself can give us Rs. 500-odd crores 
kind of revenue. But then like turnkey and other projects, there will be a bit of growth. 
So, is it fair to say probably the growth will be much more than 20-%-odd  in financial 
year’26? 
Rahul Mithal:  
Vishal, I am glad that you are doing numbers, back-of-the-envelope calculations very 
fast, catching on to the figures which I am saying. But as I said, 20% is the minimum 
that we hope, as you can see, and numbers are in front of you, and I am being very 
transparent in quoting the numbers and our aspiration also. But I think it is fair enough 
to say that because this financial year has been hit because of the various reasons and 
the breakup that I gave you, already Rs. 2000 crores in 9 months. So, I think building up 
on this base, we see at least a 20% growth in the coming financial year. But if you 
analyze the numbers and the order book, 20% is at least definitely doable. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay and similarly, sir, for the margins again, like the shift will be there for turnkey and 
export. So, console-level margins can be a little lower. Growth can be there at the top 
line, but margins can be a little lower that is probably what I could gather. Is that fair 
to say that? 
Rahul Mithal:  
You see, the console level EBITDA margins of 20%-odd and the PAT margins of about 
15-16 %-odd , while in a particular quarter because of the blend of revenue may see 
some variation above this band, but averaged out over annual basis, considering that 
we have also got huge number of consultancy orders, both domestic and international 
orders and hopeful to get some more international orders, we feel that we should be, 
on an overall average basis, able to maintain this range of about console 20% EBITDA 
margins and PAT margins of about 15%-16%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Parimal Mithani with Credential 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Parimal Mithani: 
Sir, I just wanted to know, going ahead, will we be balancing the consultancy orders 
more compared to turnkey in terms of maintaining margin? Going ahead, in terms of 
order books, basically consultancy will be more part, or turnkey will be balancing both 
equally? 
Rahul Mithal:  
So, you see, in terms of order size, because turnkey value of orders, they are much big-
ticket orders vis-a-vis the consultancy orders, right? So, even now, today, because we 
are still getting a large number of consultancy orders, one order a day overall, 110-
plus orders in this quarter, a large number of good consultancy orders. So, Rs. 8,000 

 
Page 10 of 12 
crore order book also, in spite of turnkey being big ticket order, has Rs. 2800 crore of 
consultancy and Rs. 3600 crore of turnkey. While they cannot be compared in terms 
of value, but yes, the focus of getting more and more, because our strength is 
consultancy. Even the turnkey orders which we are getting, are not really a 
construction company like orders. They are primarily consultancy design orders where 
the revenue is flowing through our balance sheet. So, we are not really a construction 
company. That is very clear, which I have been saying in my previous interactions. We 
are a pure consultancy company and, in the turnkey also, part of the orders are those 
orders, where the project cost to our balance sheet. But our strength is consultancy 
design, project management consultancy. So, we will continue to focus on getting 
more and more consultancy orders and their increased execution, such that the 
blended margin still remains at the appreciable level which I brought out.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Viraj with Jupiter Financial. Please go 
ahead.  
Viraj: 
Yes, sir. I want some color on the export like going forward. What kind of order size will 
be looking at and what kind of export order if you can give some guidance on that and 
why have been so much delay? The delay in getting export orders is because of 
geopolitical reasons or some other issues? That's one question I have. 
Rahul Mithal:  
So, second part of your question, we have now started getting export orders after gap 
of 3-4 years. Last 4 quarters, every quarter, we have got an export order and this is 
primarily because earlier for last 4-5 decades, we used to get export orders on the line 
of credit opportunities, which were floated by the Exim Bank. With those opportunities 
becoming very minimal. All these orders which we have got are on global tenders 
orders, on opportunities which have been funded by the client countries or 
multinational multilateral banks. We have bid also in various other tenders in various 
geographies, whether it is Africa, Southeast Asia, Latin America. So, we will aim and 
aspire to at least continue this trend in the coming quarters also of getting at least one 
order of export in every quarter. The size of these orders, obviously, can vary as you 
have seen in the Rs. 1300 crore order book. So, they could vary anything from about 
Rs. 40, Rs. 50 crores to anything about Rs. 200 to Rs. 300 crores or maybe more. But, I 
mean, because we are bidding on various opportunities, it is very difficult to give one 
median size of an order. They could be as low as Rs. 50 odd crores and could go up to 
Rs. 3, 4, 500 crores also. 
Viraj: 
And, sir, what would be our margins in the export business would be, new normal 
margins would be, since we are now competition-basis, so would it be around, like, 
what kind of margins we should be looking at?  

 
Page 11 of 12 
Rahul Mithal:  
You see, traditionally export revenue was in the range of about 20%-odd margins in 
the line of credit orders. These are all global competitive tenders and they would have 
different margins for different bids, definitely substantially lower from the 20%-odd. 
As the revenue flows in from different orders in a particular quarter, the blended 
margins on an export stream of revenue would work out depending on the percentage 
of contribution of the various orders, but definitely much, much lower than the 20%-
odd and would be in the range of about 10%-odd broadly. 
Viraj: 
That is net margins, right? 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes, the EBITDA margins. 
Viraj: 
EBITDA margins, 10%. Okay. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from 
JM Financial. Please go ahead.  
Vinamra Hirawat: 
Sir, just, you know, slightly more technical questions in the 2 orders, export orders that 
we have. When will the two orders be fulfilled in terms of, are they both like 3-to-4-
year tenders where, all the, the order will be fulfilled after like financial year’29-
financial year’30? 
Rahul Mithal:  
 No, not really. Not such a long-time frame. You see, as far as the coach order is 
concerned, the Bangladesh Railway is in a huge hurry to get these coaches. They are 
in extreme shortage of coaches and except for this delay of a few months, they were 
in fact wanting about 40 odd coaches in this financial year only, which has slided by 
about 6 odd months. So, I definitely see even the locomotives order from Mozambique 
Railways, that definitely is moving very fast and will start generating revenue very 
soon in the coming financial year. So, with the way things are moving, these 2 bulk 
orders, which are their part of the Rs. 1300 crore, will definitely not spill over to more 
than maximum 2 financial years. That's the max to my assessment. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
Okay. So, both the Rs. 1200, Rs. 1300 crores should be booked in 2 financial years? 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes, definitely for sure. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the call over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Thank you. So, this is a reiteration of our two-pronged focus strategy, which we are 
very clearly working on right from the beginning of this financial year, understanding 
the overall environment and the change dynamics. The two-pronged focus strategy of 

 
Page 12 of 12 
improved execution and aggressive order inflows is what Q3 results show and this is 
what we assure you that Q4 would continue to move in that direction and as I said, 
definitely on this solid base that we have built up due to our team's efforts, we see 
financial year’25-26 building up on this platform by generating both a good top line 
and a good growth on the bottom line. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you all for being a part of the conference call. If you need any further 
information or clarification, please email at investors@rites.com. Ladies and 
gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you. 
 
-End- 
Disclaimer 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. Statements in this transcript describing the Company's objectives, projections, estimates, expectations 
may be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual 
results could differ materially from those expressed or implied. Important factors that could make a difference to 
the Company's operations include, among others, economic conditions affecting demand / supply and price 
conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the Company operates, changes in Government 
regulations, tax laws and other statutes and incidental factors. This communication is not an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy securities. 
 
