 
February 10, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Stock Symbol: JBCHEPHARM 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/Analysts call  
 
Ref.:  Disclosure under regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, enclosed please find Transcript of Conference Call which was scheduled for Investors 
and Analysts on February 5, 2025 at 12.00 noon IST in relation to results and developments 
for the third quarter ended on December 31, 2024. The same will also be available on the 
website of the Company www.jbpharma.com.   
 
We request you to take this on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Sandeep Phadnis  
Vice President – Secretarial  
& Company Secretary 
 
Sandeep 
Anil 
Phadnis
Digitally signed by Sandeep Anil Phadnis 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=8434, 
pseudonym=108F69E4E868E4C1147674
C13B2684AC9CDD8E36, 
2.5.4.20=715f7603f235e5d1d74002aec03
d24cf432efd8296e6e1c3c0c80534a90c09
8e, postalCode=411038, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=CC500FDD638E71336FC5
8B204E2BA05EA7C4ADE49B8FE438E8F25
4C300DEC735, cn=Sandeep Anil Phadnis 
Date: 2025.02.10 17:55:38 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
This transcript is published as is what we have received from our 
vendor who manages the conference call. We would request you to 
go through the audio recording in case you want to reconfirm 
anything that has been mentioned in the transcript 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to JB Pharma’s Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call as on the 5th of February 2025.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*”then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jason D’Souza - Executive Vice President at 
JB Pharma. Thank you, and over to you. 
Jason D'souza: 
Thank you, moderator. Welcome to the Earnings Call of JB Pharma.  
We have with us today Nikhil Chopra - CEO and Whole-Time Director; Kunal Khanna 
– President, Operations and Narayan Saraf - the CFO at JB Chemicals & 
Pharmaceuticals Limited.  
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the Q3 FY '25 “Results 
Presentation” that has been sent to you earlier.  
I would like to hand the floor to Mr. Nikhil Chopra to begin the proceedings of the call 
and for his “Opening Remarks”. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Thank you, Jason. And a very warm welcome to all of you. Thank you all for being 
with us.  
I will commence with my thoughts on our “Quarter 3 Performance”: 
I would like to start by saying that JB continues to deliver strong profitable growth. 
The Quarter 3 FY '25 performance is a reflection of this statement. While top line has 
grown by 14% to revenue of 963 crore, operating EBITDA has grown at 15% to 270 
crore and net profit has surged to 162 crore, growing at 22%.  
This performance has been enabled by our mix of businesses and markets, 
specifically our focus on India branded formulations, CDMO and some selected 
international markets.  
We have maintained the run rate of quarterly performance with revenue of 963 crore. 
This was due to strong momentum in domestic business and improved traction for 
our CDMO businesses. Whereas we held on our gross margin at 67% in the quarter, 
our operating EBITDA saw improvement in margins to 28.1%.  
Over the past couple of years, we have expanded the basket of our key brands. We 
are consistently enhancing share of our chronic within the mix and rank far ahead of 
IPM in category growth for our chronic at 24% versus 11% of IPM as per MAT. CAGR 
December 2020 to December 2024.  
I will share some "Perspectives and Thoughts" on our domestic business: 
Our domestic business grew by 22% to INR 566 crore year-on-year. The business 
accounted for the majority revenue during 9-month at 60% versus 55% in 9-month for 
FY '24. So today, domestic business contributes 60% to the overall revenue for JB.  
We are one of the fastest growing companies in the market and have delivered year-
on-year 12% growth versus IPM growth of 8%. Each of our major brands, namely 
Cilacar, Cilacar-T, Nicardia and Sporlac have gained ranks as per IQVIA MAT 
December 2024.  
Excluding ophthalmology portfolio, the domestic business grew at 12% for Quarter 3 
FY '25. Excluding ophthalmology portfolio, the volume growth for domestic business 
was 7% for Quarter 3, '25, and 6% for 9-month FY '25. The ophthalmology portfolio 
sales is progressively well depicting consistent growth every quarter. We now have a 
dedicated field force of 120 people deployed to promote the brands that we have in 
that sense.  
It is interesting to know that 65 of our overall domestic business is now a part of the 
progressive portfolio, which is growing faster than IPM. Around four years back, the 
progressive portfolio was only 35% to the overall domestic business. So, 35% has 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
become 65%, which is progressive portfolio that we are placed in, which is growing 
better than the Indian Pharma Market. This is a marked change and will enable the 
domestic business to grow consistently over the next few years.  
In December 2020, we had only 6 brands greater than 25 crore in the revenue. I am 
glad to share that in December 2024, we have 25 brands which have a revenue more 
than 25 crore, out of which five are in the top 150 in the country.  
Moving on to our "International Operations" now. During Quarter 3: 
We reported a 4% improvement in growth to 397 crore with our CDMO business 
leading the segment with 33% growth to INR of 118 crore. The underlying growth 
momentum remains strong and is backed up by a strong order position. International 
formulations were impacted due to revenues decline in U.S., Russia, whereas South 
Africa and branded generic business showed growth.  
In terms of the “Outlook”: 
Although we have emphasis on growth, there is a strong focus on profitable growth. 
JB is now well positioned to deliver continued growth. The strategy and the levers are 
well defined. And we have a strong team that will execute the plan that we have put 
in place.  
Our India business continues to drive market-beating growth led by chronic business 
and progressive portfolio within the acute segment.  
Our export business continues to be steady with sequential improvement witness in 
our CDMO businesses. Advancement of various new projects in our CDMO business 
will flow through into growth numbers in near to medium term. And we have a good 
pipeline of future product commercialization opportunities in the international 
business which will deliver sustainable value creation for the company.  
I would now like to conclude my remarks and request our CFO, Mr. Narayan, to share 
his views. And over to you, Narayan.  
Narayan Saraf: 
Thank you, Nikhil. And very good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to our earnings 
call.  
Let me walk you through the key "Financial Highlights" for Quarter 3, FY '25: 
For the quarter, we reported revenue of 963 crore, reflecting a year-over-year 
increase of 14%. The revenue mix between domestic and international markets was 
60% and 40% respectively.  
Our domestic business contributed 566 crore showing a growth of 22% year-on-year. 
Excluding the ophthalmology portfolio domestic revenue grew by 12% compared to 
the same period last year. According to IQVIA MAT, December 24th data, within the 
IPM, the company posted a growth of 12%, surpassing the overall IPM growth rate of 
8%.  

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Meanwhile, our international business delivered modest growth of 4% year-on-year 
with revenues reaching Rs. 397 crore. The gross profit margin for Q3 stood at 67.1% 
as compared to 67.6% in Q3 FY '24. Excluding the ophthalmology portfolio, the gross 
margins improved in Q3 by 160 basis points as well as at YTT level. This was driven 
by our cost optimization initiatives, a favorable product mix, and pricing growth.  
Operating EBITDA, excluding ESOP expenses, was Rs. 270 crore, marking a 15% 
year-on-year increase. The operating margin for Quarter 3 FY '25 improved to 28.1%.  
On the expense front, other expenditure as a percentage to sales improved to 22.7% 
versus 23.2% in Q3 FY '24.  
We continue to be agile in driving efficiency in our processes and spends, resulting in 
better management of costs. MTM Forex impact of Rs. 4 crore was recorded in 
Quarter 3, primarily due to depreciation in ruble currency.  
Finance costs saw a significant reduction from Rs. 12 crore in Quarter 3 FY '24 to Rs. 
3 crore, primarily due to the reduction in the gross debt. Depreciation remains the 
same as the previous quarter at Rs. 42 crore. As of 30th December '24, our gross 
debt stood at 54 crore and net cash was at Rs. 516 crore.  
We aim to deliver operating margins between 26 and 28% despite inflationary 
pressures and external market's uncertainty. We remain confident about the positive 
outlook for the business and our ability to deliver value to our stakeholders.  
With that, I conclude my opening remarks. I would now like to request the moderator 
to open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press "*" and "1" on the touchstone telephone. If 
you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press "*" and "2". 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We will 
take our first question from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Just on the ESOP side, we have already done around 
41-42 crore in 9 months. How much are we guiding for Quarter 4 or the entire FY '25? 
And what will be this number in FY '26 and FY '27?  
Narayan Saraf: 
Yes. Thank you, Rashmi. So, in Quarter 4, we expect another ESOP cost of 16 crore. 
So, at the full year level, we are looking at around 56 crore kind of ESOP cost for FY 
'25. In FY '26, we are looking at around 40 crore. And in FY '27, it would be around 
24 crore.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
24 crore. Okay. Just on the export side, you know, earlier we had given that export 
international formulation will be able to do double-digit growth, you know, because 
second half would be better. But I understand that you faced some challenges in 
Russia because of the currency volatility. What was the Russia constant currency 
growth and what challenges have you faced in the U.S. business?  

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Narayan Saraf: 
So, Russia, we saw challenges in the growth on two sides. One is currency and the 
second would be a muted season in the month of November and December. And if I 
look at the constant growth, it is around minus 5% versus minus 8%.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And the muted season, you mean to say the flu season, right?  
Narayan Saraf: 
Yes.  
Kunal Khanna: 
So basically, Russia for us, cough and cold season is, you know, spans out 
somewhere around November to Jan, Feb. November and December were slightly 
muted. Having said that, the first six months of Russia, we have done phenomenally 
well, both in terms of revenue and profitability. So, it's just a minor seasonal impact 
and some impact of currency volatility. Nothing apart from that structurally changes 
for us.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, and related to the U.S. business?  
Kunal Khanna: 
U.S., you know, we are inching back. If we look at the current order book situation 
also, we remain fairly confident of closing the year, you know, on a high. And right 
now that's what we can comment on. The first six months were slightly soft, but 
otherwise things will be back on track.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, and so any guidance change, you know, for the export business or you still 
think that, you know, we would be able to do double digit assuming Quarter 4 to be 
strong?  
Kunal Khanna: 
Well, surely Quarter 4 is going to be strong, and we will witness a double-digit growth 
in Quarter 4. We are extremely confident of that and from a mid and long-term 
perspective also, we will be closer to high single-digit and double-digit growth as we 
have already said.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
Understood. And just one last question on the domestic piece. Excluding, you know, 
Ophthal portfolio, we are growing in the range of 12%. Now, the inorganic portfolio 
has also becoming a sizeable portion and the progressive portfolio has also 
increased, which is doing pretty well. So, organic, we are doing around 11 to 12% sort 
of growth, but with this portfolio adding up for next two years, do we think that, you 
know, we would come back to around 13, 14% sort of growth in the entire domestic 
blended portfolio? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. So, Rashmi, Nikhil Chopra here. So, what I shared earlier also in my commentary 
for organic growth is 12% backed up by volume growth of 6 to 7%. So, you should 
see us growing at mid-teens in India business backed up by strong volume growth.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, this you are talking about the entire blended portfolio, right?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
No, because Quarter 4 onwards, the base of ophthalmology will also come in.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
Will also come in.  
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, we would like to remind participants to 
press "*" and "1" to ask a question. Next question is from the line of Tausif from BNP 
Paribas Exane Research. Please go ahead.  
Tausif: 
Thanks for the opportunity, and congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question 
on your Ophthal portfolio, while you have already shared the revenue run rate for this 
business, can you share some more insight, like what has been the volume growth 
and what are the strategies you have implemented post integration?  
Kunal Khanna: 
If you really look at our Ophthal portfolio and a reflection of Quarter 3 also, the market 
has grown at close to 9%, whereas our business and portfolio is showing a strong 
growth of 28% plus. It's largely being driven by our focus on creating more demand 
for the set of products we have.  
During the integration process also, we maintained our focus was on expanding the 
coverage of ophthalmologists. As a result of which, we had added more reps on the 
ground also. Close to 65 to 70 members, that ramp up happened. We had close to 
105 to 110 field members working on the ground.  
The ophthalmologist coverage increased from 7,000 to currently what we are training 
at 14 to 15,000. Plus, what we saw over the last two months was addition of a new 
product as well, which over the next 6 to 8 months, you will see that every quarter, 
we will be adding one or two SKUs.  
So, our focus on creating more secondary demand generation, where we have seen 
almost a 15 to 20% increase uptake in terms of prescription and the units sold in the 
secondary market. And this being a very, very strong platform for new launches also 
happening is giving us good results. And we remain extremely confident about how 
this business is going to shape up for us in the mid and long term.  
Tausif: 
So, I guess it's fair to assume large part of growth has been volume driven.  
Kunal Khanna: 
Yes, it's a reflection of, you know, not only our Ophthal but even our overall India 
business and even Ophthal is absolutely volume driven. See, because beyond a 
certain point, there is no real opportunity for us to take price growth beyond 7 to 8%, 
right? So, it's volume driven.  
Tausif: 
Okay. My second question is, can you share the revenue contribution from your top 
flagship products, excluding the line extension launch we have done in recent years 
compared to FY '20?  
Kunal Khanna: 
Could you repeat that? Sorry.  
Tausif: 
Can you share the revenue contribution from top 4 to 5 flagship products currently? 
Kunal Khanna: 
From 4 to 5 flagship products?  
Tausif: 
In the domestic market.  

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Kunal Khanna: 
In the domestic market, 5 flagship products are currently contributing close to 60-65% 
of our overall India business.  
Tausif: 
Okay, and compared to FY '20 could be lower.  
Kunal Khanna: 
Absolutely, in FY '20, the top 5 to 6 products were contributing more than 75%, and 
this is exactly the result of new launches, some of the acquisitions which we have 
made and the fact that Nikhil mentioned that, you know, in his commentary as well, 
that in FY '20, there were only close to 6 brands which were more than 25 crore, but 
now we have a sizeable basket and a good progressive portfolio. which is more than 
25 crore. And over the next two to three years they'll be set of 10 to 12 brands which 
will be inching closer towards 50 crore run rate.  
Tausif: 
Just last question on CDMO business, do you expect this current quarter run rate to 
continue for this fourth quarter?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, this is what I think if you recollect what we have been commenting on CDMO 
business, first half of the year was not great. Some orders we had to shift in Quarter 
3. So, 32% growth is not the growth that we have been projecting. But Quarter 4 also 
will be good as we have a strong order book, and you should see this business going 
at mid-teens short to medium term.  
Tausif: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please press "*" and "1" on your phone. 
Next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
A. Puranwala: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, first on the CDMO business, so last quarter 
we have talked about some kind of a spillover to happen in Q3. So, is that completely 
happening or in Q4 also you will see some benefit of that?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
So Q3 it has completely happened and Q4 will be on its own. But we earlier also had 
commented that you will see good traction in Q3 and Q4. So, Q4 we have a good 
order book. And just to also share with you on the world of CDMO, if you see the next 
horizon of 18 to 24 months. There is good visibility of 4 to 5 big global projects which 
are kicking in. And all the development work is on for all these projects, maybe newer 
formulations, newer geographies that we have been speaking and at the right time, 
we will be able to share more light on them. So, we are very bullish on this entire 
world of CDMO, which we have been talking in our commentary in the past.  
A. Puranwala: 
Understood. And sir, secondly on the India business, so I know if you have to classify 
your India portfolio into three buckets, one is your legacy portfolio and second, you 
know, whatever you have acquired between 22-24 excluding the Ophthal brands and 
last is the Ophthal which is, you know, you have given a segregation of that, but within 
your legacy set of brands and the ones which you have acquired, I mean, if you could 
provide some color on how the growth has been in the first nine months would be 
very helpful.  
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, what I give the commentary today, 65% of the portfolio. Is growing better than 
IPM, is progressive in nature. So, whether it is within the cardiology space, whether it 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
is hypertension, heart failure, lipids, our pediatric portfolio, probiotic portfolio Metrogyl 
has shown good growth this year.  
Fortunately, we had a very good season. So, that portfolio continues to grow at around 
close to 12% plus, which is much, 400 bps higher than the Indian Pharma Market 
growth. And out of that portfolio, what was shared earlier, there are around 25 brands 
which are more than 25 crore. So, that shows overall the momentum that we have 
built up over the last four years in terms of whether you talk about four or five big 
brands or what we have acquired or what was shared also about the ophthalmology 
portfolio backed up by solid volume growth, which we have seen over the last six 
months.  
Because fundamentally, we have worked in terms of improving our coverage, whether 
it is in the world of probiotics, whether it is in the world of ophthalmology, whether 
what we are doing with the cardiologists and physician for our Razel and Azmarda 
brands, these are all acquired, and equally for our big organic brand, that is Cilacar. 
So, 65% of portfolio is growing better than the Indian Pharma Market, which overall 
tells about the strength which we have built over a period of time.  
A. Puranwala: 
Got it, sir. That's helpful. Just a final one on a bookkeeping question. Sir, for this 
quarter, because of currency headwinds in Russia, have you booked any kind of 
Forex loss or Forex gain, if at all, in other geographies?  
Narayan Saraf: 
So, like I mentioned, the majority of the MTM loss of 4 crore that we hit in this quarter 
came because of the depletion of the ruble.  
A. Puranwala: 
Okay. 4 crore. And that would be in the other expenses?  
Narayan Saraf: 
Yes.  
A. Puranwala: 
Got it. 
Narayan Saraf: 
And it's a non-cash charge. So, it was also then to that extent our EBITDA would have 
been better by 4 crore and cash would have been better by 4 crore.  
A. Puranwala: 
Got it. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Girish Bakhru from 
OrbiMed. Please go ahead.  
Girish Bakhru: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Nikhil sir, just kind of a couple of questions on 
Cilacar. I mean, growth has been very impressive. If I look at the market, I mean, plain 
Cilnidipine is still growing much faster if you compare with the other molecules like 
Amlodipine. And we know this is partly because you keep saying it has a very strong 
renal protective effect. And where do you see this market growth slowing down for 
you in Cilnidipine and combinations as well?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
Where do I see market growth slowing down?  
Girish Bakhru: 
Regional maturation growth number for the franchise?  

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, we see huge opportunities in the world of what we are trying to do with the work 
in the world of hypertension, be it Cilacar, be it Nicardia. Basically what we are trying 
to do is not only target to talk about in doctor's clinic for the world of hypertension, but 
also we are trying to talk, trying to look at what we can do more in the world of 
hypertension with comorbidities. That is helping us in terms of the enrichment of the 
discussion that our medical reps are having with the medical fraternity.  
And we have got a full portfolio, which is what we spoke earlier also in your question 
that being a renal protective drug, plain Cilnidipine, combination of Cilnidipine plus 
Metoprolol gives us protection from angina. Combination of Cilnidipine with Azmarda 
gives us protection from heart failure. Combination of Cilnidipine with Razel gives us 
protection from high lipid levels. Combination of Cilnidipine with Telmisartan gives us 
protection from metabolic.  
So, we have a whole range of portfolio and equally for uncontrolled hypertension, 
resistant hypertension we have Nicardia, Nicardia XL. So, whole gamut of portfolio 
we have got, and this is not only that we are going and talking in the clinic and 
generating value, but overall the objective is how to reduce the burden of disease for 
the patients who are suffering from hypertension and comorbidities. So, that is the 
task that we have taken. That is why you see the entire differential that we as a 
company bring on the table as compared to other companies.  
Girish Bakhru: 
That's helpful. So, if I elaborate on this, because, say, plain Cilnidipine is better than 
Amlodipine, so in all the combinations, Cilnidipine combinations should ideally 
surpass Amlodipine combinations. Is that the right inference to draw? Like, if I look at 
the Amlodipine, Telmisartan market, that's probably about 1,000 crore market. Should 
Cilacar-T become a 1,000 crore product?  
Kunal Khanna: 
Girish, that is certainly the endeavor, just to give you some numbers in terms of when 
you look at it from an anti-hypertensive lens or when you look at it from a diabetic 
hypertensive lens, right? In anti-hypertension of 200 million plus patients, one out of 
three is suffering from some kind of renal complication. And that is a responsibility we 
have taken in terms of how do we ensure the prescribing community is ensuring 
efficacy for renal complications when they are prescribing antihypertensive drugs.  
Even if when you look at it from a lens of diabetic hypertension, one out of two diabetic 
patients are already suffering from severe hypertension, which means they need a 
combination of Cilnidipine plus another ARB which will be required. So, for us, the 
market is big. We are not kind of only looking at Amlodipine as a market to be 
substituted. We are looking at how we can manage the entire antihypertensive plus 
diabetic, you know, suffering patients in the country. But that is the endeavor. We see 
a huge, huge opportunity in the foreseeable future. You know, substituting Amlo plus 
combinations is just one part of the overall journey.  
Girish Bakhru: 
So, that is in a complicated hypertension, let's say 50% of those cases which you are 
saying, is Cilacar-T first line of treatment now?  
Kunal Khanna: 
In complicated hypertension, if that is diabetic hypertension as per RSSDI guidelines, 
Cilacar-T is the first line of treatment, yes. It's CCB plus ARB and within CCB it's 
clearly mentioned Cilnidipine is the preferred molecule.  

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Girish Bakhru: 
That's very helpful. And if I can just, a related question, ask you, last I think you said 
600 MRs were behind Cilacar. How many there are now? And how does that number 
look vis-a-vis Telma and other brands?  
Kunal Khanna: 
We would not want to compare or comment on how does that number look with the 
competition. What we mentioned in terms of during the last call in terms of reps 
detailing Cilacar and combination, that number hasn't changed.  
Girish Bakhru: 
Okay, okay. And just last one, I mean, you clearly have a good pipeline, 25 brands 
over 25 crore sales. But just from the list, which are the real probable ones which can 
surpass 100 crore besides these top 6 brands?  
Kunal Khanna: 
See, for us, the progressive portfolio, we are taking a big bet on all the brands which 
are upwards of 25 crore. The real growth progress story, we are very, very confident 
of our Metrogyl ER, Ranraft, Bizfer-XT, Loban as another probiotic. So, we have a set 
of 8 to 10 products which over the next 2.5 to 3 years will be closer to 50 and clearly 
from a mid and long-term perspective will inch towards 100 crore as well. So, some 
of these names which we mentioned in terms of Loban, Metrogyl ER, Ranraft, 
Laxolite, these are clearly, you know, progressive bets about which we are extremely 
bullish. 
Girish Bakhru: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. Very helpful.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, we would like to remind participants to 
press "*" and "1" to ask a question. Next question is from the line of Sumit Gupta from 
Centrum. Please go ahead.  
Sumit Gupta: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. The first question is on the gross margin. So, how do 
you see the gross margin trajectory going forward in Q4 and over the next two to three 
years?  
Narayan Saraf: 
So, our cross margins continue to be in the range of 66 to 67% at a yearly level, and 
we see some challenges on EPI and Forex impacts, which right now we don't see any 
impact in the near future, but as we move on, we will continuously monitor them. And 
in the short and in the medium and long-term, we will find out actions to mitigate those 
challenges. But however, we continue to hold that it will be in the range of 66% to 
67% in the near future. Kunal, do you want to add something? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So, we are very confident of the range which we are holding right now as things stand 
despite the dollar-rupee situation. We are adequately covered with respect to the 
stock. So, for sure in Q4, we should be pretty much close to the margins which you 
currently see.  
On the long-term situation, you know, despite the volatility I think over the last three 
years also you have seen that we have always worked around efficiency measures 
to improve our gross margin profile. Those efforts will continue to drive from a mid 
and long-term perspective, and will be watchful of the situation.  
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay. So, just want to hypothetically, like if you plan to expand the gross margin to 
58% or more than that, so what will be the ideal scenario in that case? 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Kunal Khanna: 
Could you repeat the question please?  
Sumit Gupta: 
Like if the gross Margin is, let's say, move to 68% to 69% kind of level. So, what would 
be the, like, ideal scenario in terms of pricing or volume or? It's a competition. So, I 
just want to understand on that aspect.  
Kunal Khanna: 
See, our endeavor has always been, if you really look at how we have shaped up the 
business, you know, the more profitable parts of our business, which is India and 
CDMO have always taken priority which helps us in driving better product mix apart 
from the efficiencies which we continue to drive and which has been a major part of, 
you know, how we have seen gross margins improve over the last two to three years.  
Currently India and CDMO business is already inching up towards closer to 70%. We 
have put an aspiration of over the next two to three years how the both these 
segments will contribute 75 to 80%. You know, we are very confident that these 
segments will continue to drive growth. And if the external market in terms of supplies 
and API prices remain in the steady state and there is no volatile situation, we would 
see a closer to 125 to 150 bps being added on our margin profile with these two 
segments always improving. So, that's what we can comment at this stage. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood, sir. And second question is around the Azmarda. So, what are the sales 
for 3rd Quarter and overall, nine months? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So, overall, we are already trending at close to 130,000 units per month, which almost 
five to six months back was close to 95 to 100,000 units. So, as we mentioned last 
time also, every quarter-on-quarter sequentially we should be adding close to 15 to 
20,000 units per month, and the visibility which we have and the trends which we see 
are very, very positive.  
The competition of low-cost generics has almost phased out, and now it's become a 
game of the top four to five players only. We have consolidated our position over the 
last six to eight months as well. We continue to be very confident about this segment 
in which we have invested. The volume growth will be closer to double-digit, and we 
will progress similarly. So, right now, even on what you see on IQVIA, our trending is 
closer to 70 crore, and we expect this particular brand to drive almost mid-teen growth 
for us going forward.  
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay. So, for this quarter, it was around 70 crore.  
Kunal Khanna: 
That is YTD MAT figure is what we are saying. Yes. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood, sir. And sir, lastly on the ESOP, I, like apologies if it is a repeat. So, what 
were the ESOP charge expected for FY '25 and for the next two to three years? 
Narayan Saraf: 
So, let me just repeat it. So, FY '25, we are expecting ESOP charge of 56 crore. In 
FY '26, it would be around 40. FY '27, it would be around 24 crore.  
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay, sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Umesh Laddha from Nirmal 
Bang. Please go ahead.  

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Umesh Laddha: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. So, first thing I wanted to reconfirm that we are 
having no plans to launch Semaglutide and if we are not having any plans to launch 
Semaglutide, then the launch of Semaglutide will affect our diabetics portfolio.  
Nikhil Chopra: 
Right now it is very early to say that whether we will get into Semaglutide market or 
not, but our presence in diabetic portfolio is almost not there. So, it does not… 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Impact. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
It doesn't impact us.  
Umesh Laddha: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. And also one more thing is that are we planning for 
some inorganic growth in FY '26?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
We continue to evaluate assets. That is a part of our plan. We as a team, we have a 
team of people who continue to evaluate assets. So, as and when anything which 
comes across which is suitable, synergistic, in line with the category where we would 
like to acquire, good payback period, quality asset, we will be more than happy to 
acquire.  
Umesh Laddha: 
Okay, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Amey Chalke from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Amey Chalke: 
Yes, thank you for taking my question. Most of my questions are answered. Just one 
more. You said something on M&A as well, but if we see we have added three new 
therapies, Probiotics, Ophthal and Pediatric, for the last two to three years. Going 
ahead, your focus would be deepening our presence in these three therapies, or you 
would like to add a few more therapies? Would we be opportunistic in adding new 
therapies?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
Given a choice, we would like to deepen our presence in the existing therapies. Not 
that we will ignore anything new which is coming in from newer space. We will be 
more than happy to get. All will depend upon the quality of asset. We want to acquire 
something which is long lasting. May not be growing as is, but in a growing market. If 
tomorrow we have the capability to grow it better than the market, like what we have 
done in the world of ophthalmology or pediatrics or probiotics, that is what we have 
seen, that is our endeavor.  
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. And the second question I have is related to this only. Like we have a very good 
presence in cardiology now. We are almost present across hypertension to heart-
related issues, everything, cardiac. So, this therapy, you can leverage your presence 
very well while entering into diabetologists as well because many of these 
cardiologists also prescribe lot of diabetes prescription as well. So, why are we not 
thinking of going into or launching organically diabetes related brands?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
We tried. We attempted launching Sitagliptin, Vildagliptin, Dapagliflozin. Not easy. By 
the way, the computation is intense. And what we have learned over a period of time, 
right now Dapagliflozin we are doing around 15 crore annually. What we have learned 
over a period of time, then let us stick to our domain, more in the area of cardiology 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
and within cardiology we have segments like hypertension, heart failure, lipids. We 
may get into the world of arrhythmias, blood thinners. I think that suits us much better 
as compared to getting into the world of metabolic because not easy. Not easy the 
way we have seen. That is where we are.  
Amey Chalke: 
So, is it possible like a GLP-1 could be an opportunity to enter because initially the 
competition would be low, which could give you a headway to create a brand?  
Kunal Khanna: 
It's not fair to assume that competition will be low in GLP-1. You know, whenever 
products go LOE, we have seen in the Indian market that even if there are few 
manufacturers, the market is open for all to source and market the products. Yes, 
over a period of time, the competition kind of eases out.  
Given that we are not a dominant leader in this space, we don't currently, as of now, 
have any plans to make any serious impact on the GLP-1 side. But anything which is 
closely related to our main strengths, like on cardiology, what Nikhil mentioned, we 
are happy to evaluate other opportunities within cardiology. We are still operating at 
70, 75% of covered market opportunity in cardiology. So, there will always be 
adjacencies which we can evaluate.  
And on metabolic, you know, the organic strategy did not pay us good dividends. But 
if there are some other opportunities which we can evaluate from an inorganic 
perspective, we will be happy to evaluate them.  
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. Thank you so much. I will join back the queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please press "*" and "1" on your 
phone now.  
Jason D'souza: 
We have a question that is there on the, just come on to the question vault. The 
question is for Narayan. So, the net cash position has been fairly strong. How do we 
see the net cash position panning out for this financial year?  
Narayan Saraf: 
So, thanks, Jason. So, very clearly, we see that currently we are sitting at a net cash 
flow of around 516 odd crore, and we clearly see after paying off the dividend which 
we have announced yesterday, and making ourselves debt free, we would be ending 
the year with around 650 crore of cash positive. So, we would be paying off all the 
loans and with dividend payout of almost 130 crore plus. In spite of that, we see our 
cash flow, net cash would be around 655 odd crore.  
Jason D'souza: 
And the second question is, how do you see the Q4 performance panning out for the 
organization?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, Q4 what I think what we shared earlier in the commentary, first of all, we are 
bullish in terms of we will deliver double-digit growth in our international business. 
And equally, overall the trend will be strong as we have good order book for our 
CDMO business. India may be soft because of the March month. That is why the 
inventory goes down, but overall the traction will be maintained, and you will see a 
good trajectory to be continued in Q4, and we will end the year on a high note.  
Jason D'souza: 
Thank you. Over to the queue now.  

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, I would like to remind participants to 
press "*" and "1" to ask a question. Next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani 
from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. Sir, within the domestic business, can you 
also talk about how has the traction been for our probiotics portfolio and Sporlac?  
Kunal Khanna: 
Sporlac already, Rahul, is more than 120 crore reflection. Even from an internal 
perspective, we are just about inching towards the 100 crore mark. The category has 
grown this year. For us also, the brand and its variants like Sporlac GG have done 
fairly well. Even in external market reflections, we are pretty much on par with the 
market growth. So, you know, our strategy remains that we do better life cycle 
management of this brand, and we continue to grow this franchise.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Yes, sir. And so, within the Probiotic segment, we were also targeting to launch liquid 
probiotic formulation. So, where are we in terms of launches for some of these product 
segments within probiotics?  
Kunal Khanna: 
That is poised for launching. And over the next couple of months, those variants are 
also going to get fully commercialized in the market. Those plans continue to be under 
implementation.  
Nikhil Chopra: 
This month, Rahul, for the month of February you should see a new version of Sporlac 
being there in the market that is Sporlac DG. That is for dental health. Then you will 
see the liquid formulation. Then we are launching once again more formulation for 
woman health. So, we will continue to see the overall Mother franchisee expanding 
with lot of SKUs for specific integration for the category. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And within the overall India business, what are our rep expansion plans? 
So with, let's say, some of these launches happening in the Probiotic segment, do 
you think we will need to significantly expand our rep presence in India?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
No, no, there is no, no, nothing significant, nothing like significant, we have been 
commenting on. Probably next 12 to 15 months, there is no plan to increase any 
medical rep.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay, so whatever growth we see would help us to drive productivity improvement. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes, we are adequately placed in terms of the representation that we need in the 
clinic of doctors for our portfolios that we have marketed in the country.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Yes, sure. So, sir, two more questions from my end. Now within the CDMO business, 
we have been trying to develop some of these newer product concepts as well as 
expand to newer clients. But till date, we haven't seen some of those initiatives playing 
out. So, when do you expect, let's say, an inflection points to play out in the CDMO 
business, particularly with respect to some of these newer product segments or the 
newer clients which we have been targeting?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
See, in last quarter commentary, Rahul, we have spoken that already the traction has 
started. If you look at, there are two new partners now in Europe. Europe market was 
not there. So, Quarter 3, quarter 2, we started our presence in Europe with a company 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
called Krka, K-R-K-A, in Czech Republic, where our lozenge supply has already 
started.  
And also with our existing partner, that is Kenvue, which is a consumer arm of J&J, 
where we do business in Russia, in the world of CDMO, we have announced our 
presence in Europe with a brand called Zarbees, which is for immunity and wellness 
which is in the form of lozenges. First time we have manufactured for them.  
They already have gummies and syrup for Zarbee. We are the company who are 
manufacturing lozenges for them. In this quarter, that is now in Quarter 4, which we 
will do the commentary in quarter 1, you will start seeing some new projects kicking 
in, what we have been speaking in some new geographies other than Europe, some 
new therapeutic dosage forms which we will start supplying.  
So, all this will happen, and you will see traction coming. That is why if you see overall, 
we see this business going at mid teens probably for next year, and Quarter 4 already 
we have a very good order book in place. So, you will see good outcome in order in 
Q4 also for the CDMO business. So, we are very bullish.  
And earlier I had spoken there are at the right time, we will also be sharing with all of 
you that probably for next 15 to 18 months, there are 4-5 big projects which are kicking 
in, and all this will require CAPEX, which already has been put in place. All this will 
require the entire facility that we have in our Daman plant, and some of the work that 
we have started doing for our CDMO in our Panoli plant also, all CAPEX have been 
placed, all developmental work which has been on. So, at the right time you will be 
hearing more and more positive commentary on this part of the business. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And these four to five key projects which you are targeting, which might 
entail incremental CAPEX, what could be the quantum of CAPEX for the CDMO 
business then?  
Kunal Khanna: 
The quantum of CAPEX is not much. We can easily absorb that as part of our regular 
expansion and maintenance CAPEX. So, this does not lead into any incremental 
CAPEX levels beyond our current steady-state level.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And last question from my end. So, if you see, this year despite the dilutive 
impact of the Ophthal acquisition, so Ophthal acquisition diluted our gross margins by 
roughly 150-160 basis points, and despite that our operating EBITDA margins have 
improved almost 80 basis points in 9 months of FY '25 which implies on the base 
business, we would have seen almost a 200-250 basis point kind of an EBITDA 
margin expansion. So, what is your outlook in terms of margins going forward, 
particularly with the fact that our India and CMO revenue share continues to inch up?  
Narayan Saraf: 
So, we clearly expect our margins to be in the range of 26% to 28%, which we have 
been giving the guidance.  
Narayan Saraf: 
EBITDA margins.  
Narayan Saraf: 
EBITDA margins. We would be in that same range. Obviously, we continue, like I 
mentioned in my notes, that we will continue to drive the efficiencies both in terms of 
cost and drive the mix improvement to enable us to Keep on thriving on the EBITDA 
margin improvement.  

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
See, the way, Rahul, we see this business overall, please understand, the focus is 
always on India and CDMO, which are highly profitable and high cross margin 
business. Now with API prices going up, dollar touching Rs. 87, Rs. 88, obviously 
some impact will come, and this will be across industry. But right now, immediate, 
because of the inventory build-up, we don't see any impact. But we have been 
keeping fingers crossed. Probably, if the gross margins improve, we will be able to 
mitigate that.  
You always will see Rahul, us being, what guidance we have been giving, of 26 to 
28% probably we will be ending the year on a higher note on the higher side of the 
guidance. That is what we have been projecting, whether it was 25 to 27% which was 
earlier guidance, we close at 27% plus. Right now, the guidance is 26 to 28%. We will 
be closing close to 28%, and in the right time, we will be more than happy to revise 
our guidance.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure sir, I was asking more from a next 2 to 3-year perspective rather than this year 
as such.  
Nikhil Chopra: 
See, in the next 2-3 year may once again, Rahul, if you see this entire aspect of 
ophthalmology will come in, which will give us 200 bps improvement in our overall 
EBITDA, where our gross margins from 20% will go up to 70%. So, all this calculation 
will play, but I am talking in terms of short-term volatility, which is in place. Probably 
after 3 months we may be speaking a different language. With rupee appreciating, 
API prices being stable, product mix improving, probably our guidance will go up. So, 
right now, let us talk of this year, 28%. At the right time, we will be more than happy 
to revise our guidelines, which touch wood should be on the upward trajectory only. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. That's it from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.  
Alankar Garude: 
Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Sir, you spoke about healthy Metrogyl sales in 9 
months. Wanted to understand what has been driving growth in the market and how 
sustainable is this?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
Not that I can comment that it is sustainable, but it helps us in terms of season being 
better and GI infections being on the rise. That is why we could see healthy Metrogyl 
uptake for first nine months of the year. Probably Quarter 4 is not the right time.  
But as a company, what we have realized that I think we should more talk about the 
virtues of Metronidazole as a molecule, which we want to do, which we are trying to 
look at, not only plain Metrogyl, but the newer versions of Metrogyl, topical 
applications of Metrogyl. 
We put our whole effort in terms of how we can make this brand reach newer peaks. 
with half a dozen topical applications, with Metrogyl extended release, with Metrogyl, 
Metronidazole, Ofloxacin combination, all the portfolio what we have bought and with 
70-80% market share, if season supports, probably it should go at high single digit. 
Otherwise, I think 5-6% growth we should get for this portfolio.  

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, given the high market share which we already have in solids and liquids, would it 
be fair to assume, as you said, more focus on topicals? Should that be the key growth 
driver contributing to this 5-6% growth which you mentioned?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
This year what has helped us is overall the peak in tablets and equally the focus is 
more on the topicals in terms of the prescription that we generate. So, out of 6 
topicals, 4 topicals we sell 100,000 tubes a month. So, more and more effort will be 
there to improve prescription trend for the topical, and if season supports, high single 
digit, otherwise 5-6% growth, we will be more than happy.  
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. The second question is, in our current ESOP plan, all the options are 
getting wasted latest by August 2027. Now this could happen earlier in case of KKR's 
exit. So, to provide greater visibility on management retention, are we evaluating a 
second ESOP plan?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
Not, I don't think. Let us continue to focus on the result part. Not that we have given 
any thought on this entire part of ESOP. I think first let this entire ESOP scheme get 
over and at the right time, we will be thinking in terms of what type of new incentive 
plan we want to put in place for our team.  
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Harith Ahamed from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just one question. You talked about progressive 
therapy areas and how you targeted segments such as heart failure, ophthalmology, 
probiotics, et cetera, and how these segments account for our significant share of our 
revenues today. Are there any such areas outside of these that you have identified 
which you plan to enter either organically or inorganically?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
We would, see, when we see that there are brands which are growing better than the 
Indian pharma market and we see huge opportunity in creating market or capturing 
market share, given a choice, we will be more than happy to stick to where we are 
organically, and you will see new launches in that space only. We would not like to 
launch anything from scratch in any newer category of products in India. That is what 
we earlier also we have commented.  
If we acquire anything outside the category where we are present, obviously we will 
have new launches in that category of business, like what we are doing today in the 
world of Ophthalmology. We have acquired 10 brands. Couple of brands we have 
launched in ophthalmology space, but if you see our new launches, more will be in 
the area where we are present because we think that the ability of the company, the 
DNA of the company is that how do you make the big mother franchisee contribute 
bigger to the business.  
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. That's all from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir.  

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
First of all, thank you all for participating in today's conference call. We continue to 
focus as a company on profitable growth, as what I spoke earlier in my commentary. 
And our major area of growth trajectory will continue to be in India.  
Today we are rightly placed in the categories which is 65% of our business growing 
better than the market. We are fortunate enough to have that portfolio and also 
fortunate enough to have our teams on the ground who are doing their best in 
execution. That is India part.  
India business today is contributing 60% to the revenue, which four years ago was 
contributing 45% to the revenue. So, today, 60% of revenue is coming from India. 
And equally, what has been spoken is in the world of CDMO, which was contributing 
5% of the revenue 4 years ago. It's contributing today 12% of the revenue.  
So, India plus CDMO today continues to contribute 72% to the revenue, which have 
got high gross margins. And the endeavor going ahead will be, in short to medium 
term, how to take this 72% contribution to 80%, which will only help us to create 
overall value for our stakeholders and serve more and more number of patients in 
India in the world of CDMO. That is what we want to do overall as a country. Thank 
you all. Thank you all for patient hearing.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of JB Pharma, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
