 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
The Officer-In-Charge (Listing) 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: MINDACORP 
Head - Listing Operations, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 538962 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Subject: Transcription of Conference Call with Investors/Analysts held on February 06, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached herewith transcription of Conference call with Investors/Analysts held on February 06, 2025. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge. 
Kindly let us know if any other information is required in this regard. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Minda Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
Pardeep Mann 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A13371 
 
PARDEE
P MANN
Digitally signed by PARDEEP MANN 
DN: c=IN, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=cfa4e8fc2611daed0b54cfe92f260337e06
1339c999125486ebc03ea2fb41029, 
postalCode=110033, street=North West Delhi, 
pseudonym=0b688e8348ce5c96b61a254176facc
be, 
serialNumber=09a23243f1ab9a83d4b4cb392b94
c1ce9c379df507e6f51f7feac83d48706817, 
o=Personal, cn=PARDEEP MANN 
Date: 2025.02.12 12:10:05 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Minda Corporation Limited 
3Q FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 06, 2025 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
    
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AAKASH MINDA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 
MR. VINOD RAHEJA – GROUP CFO 
MR. SAMEER SHARMA, GROUP HEAD, STRATEGY AND M&A  
MR. NITESH JAIN – LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Minda Corporation Limited Conference 
Call hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference please signal and 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone telephone. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Chirag Jain, Emkay Global Financial Services. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chirag Jain: 
Thank you, Farah. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, I 
would like to welcome you all to the Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of Minda Corporation 
Limited. Today, we have with us from the management team, Mr. Aakash Minda, Executive 
Director; Mr. Vinod Raheja, Group CFO; Mr. Sameer Sharma, Group Head, Strategy and M&A; 
and Mr. Nitesh Jain, Lead Investor Relations. 
I'll now hand over the call to the management for their opening comments, post which we'll open 
the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Aakash Minda: 
Good afternoon. Thank you, Chirag, and thank you, Emkay Global Financial Services for 
hosting the call. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call for Minda Corporation. I hope you are all doing well. It is a pleasure to connect 
with you today, and I look forward to presenting the group's performance for the quarter and 
offering insights into recent developments. 
In Q3 FY25, the Indian automotive industry exhibited mixed performance across segments. The 
2-wheeler market maintained its upward trajectory, driven by strong demand in both urban and 
rural areas. The passenger vehicle segment showed steady growth, driven by strong growth 
during the festive seasons and enhanced discounts in various segments. 
The commercial vehicle sector faced headwinds due to prolonged monsoon delays and low 
infrastructure spending leading to sluggish demand. Meanwhile, the tractor segment registered 
modest growth as rural demand rebounded. The EV 2-wheeler registration for the quarter 
increased by 37% year-on-year. 
Coming to the financial performance highlights for Minda Corporation. For the Q3 FY25, Minda 
Corporation delivered consolidated revenue of INR 1,253 crores, an increase of 7% year-on-
year basis. On 9M FY25, the company delivered consolidated revenue of INR 3,735 crores, an 
increase of about 9% year-on-year basis. I would like to also share that Minda Corporation's 
domestic OE business grew by double-digit year-on-year. 
However, this was partially offset by subdued exports demand from particularly European 
market, the slowdown in ASEAN countries, and a downturn in the commercial vehicle segment.  
In terms of profitability, the company reported an EBITDA of INR 144 crores at an EBITDA 
margin of 11.5% for the quarter. This is the highest-ever EBITDA margin, which is in line with 
our consistent and sustainable performance goals. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Profit before tax for the quarter stood at INR 90 crores with a margin of 7.2% and PAT of INR 
65 crores with a PAT margin of 5.1%. Key recent developments include order wins in Q3, and 
lifetime order wins exceeding INR 1,250 crores with EV platforms contributing over 25% of 
these wins. 
For the first nine months of the year, our order book surpassed INR 6,000 crores, reflecting an 
expanding product portfolio, product premiumization, and rising demand for both ICE and EV 
products across customers and across segments. 
Second, strategic partnership with Flash Electronics. I'm happy to share that we have completed 
the transaction, where Minda Corporation formed a strategic alliance with Flash Electronics to 
accelerate the growth of making the largest EV platform in the country. 
As part of this partnership, Minda Corporation acquired a 49% stake in Flash Electronics. The 
synergy between both companies between Minda Corporation's expertise in automotive body 
electronics and Flash Electronics' strength in engine and powertrain electronics would enable 
the creation of a comprehensive and technology-advanced portfolio and an organization. 
Third, Minda Corporation was honoured to receive the National Award for its flagship CSR 
initiative Saksham. The receiving ceremony took place, and we were given the award by the 
Honorable President of India. I will now take you through the presentation covering the key 
highlights for our Q3- and nine-months performance. I request you to refer to these slides, which 
were uploaded. 
We refer to Page Number 2, which shows Minda Corporation at a glance. So for those who have 
already seen, I will not repeat, but for the people who are new, this is a snapshot where we have 
now more than INR 4,600 crores of revenue, INR 514 crores of EBITDA of last year, 17,000 
people. We have five business verticals. 
Engineering focus is on having now more than 900 engineering headcounts, 290+ patents, 4%  
R&D spend, two advanced technical centers, and seven engineering centers. We have more than 
ten partnerships and a financially stable company. 
Moving to the next slide, which shows the Indian automotive industry performance for the 
quarter on a year-on-year basis. The automotive industry grew by about 6.5%, whereas 2-
wheelers grew by about 8%. Passenger vehicles grew by about 2.8%. 3-wheelers were sluggish. 
Commercial vehicles also de-grew and tractors grew by about 12%. 
For the nine months, on a year-on-year basis. The overall industry grew by 10%. The 2-wheeler 
grew by about 13%. The passenger vehicle industry grew by about 2.5%, 3-wheeler by 4%, 
commercial vehicles declined by about 6% and tractors grew by about 5%. 
For a quarter-on-quarter basis, the auto industry saw a decline on a quarter-on-quarter basis due 
to various reasons. Going on to the next slide, which shows a glimpse of where the Spark Minda 
Group and Minda Corporation had exhibited in the Bharat Mobility Show from 18th to 21st of 
January in Delhi NCR. I'm happy to share that the group got a very positive response from the 
customers, suppliers, partners, and investors. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Moving on to the next slide, which is Slide 4, which shows the key strategic developments for 
the quarter and nine months. For the quarter, the quarterly revenue was about INR 1,253 crores. 
We achieved the highest-ever EBITDA margin at 11.5% with a growth of 32 basis points year-
on-year basis. The total lifetime order book was more than INR 1,250 crores. 
The honorable President of India conferred a National Award to Minda Corporation for its 
marquee program and capacity expansion in the die-casting division, instrument clusters, and 
other EV products to cater to the growing demand. I'm also happy to share that Fitch has 
upgraded Minda Corporation from AA- to AA.  
For the nine months, the revenue grew by 9% despite various challenges. EBITDA margin stands 
at 11.3%. The total lifetime order book exceeds INR 6,000 crores. We signed two strategic 
partnerships in the first nine months, which is with HCMF for sunroof and power tailgates and 
Sanko for high-voltage connectors for the wiring harness business. And we filed 17 patents, 
taking the total patents to 290+ for Minda Corporation. 
Moving on to the next slide, which shows an update on the strategic partnership with Flash 
Electronics, which was signed on 15th January. I'm happy to share that the proposed transaction 
is already completed, where Minda Corporation has acquired a 49% stake in Flash Electronics 
and its subsidiaries, and the respective amount of INR 1,372 crores has been paid all in cash. 
I would like to share that Flash Electronics is a leading manufacturer of powertrain and EV 
components to key automotive OEMs in India and overseas. The transaction is valued at INR 
3,100 crores. 
Minda Corporation acquired a 49% stake. Post this, the net debt to equity in the short term will 
be 0.6x, and pro forma net debt to pro forma EBITDA is less than 1.8x. Enrich the strategic 
rationale of adjacent product portfolio, complete system solutions offering in the electric vehicle 
segment, and it is focused towards customer capability and capacity-centric collaboration. 
Moving on to the next slide. We are showing the key performance highlights for the quarter, 
where the operating revenue has grown by 7.4% year-on-year basis. Gross margin has grown by 
66 basis points to 38.4%. EBITDA for the quarter stands at INR 144 crores, which is a 10.5% 
increase year-on-year basis. And EBITDA margin is the highest at 11.5%, which is a 32-basis 
points year-on-year increase. 
PBT for the quarter stands at INR 90 crores with an increase of about 19.2%. PBT margin stands 
at 7.2%, which is a 67 basis points increase. PAT stands at INR 65 crores, which is a 23.5% 
increase year-on-year and PAT margin is about 5.1%, which is again a 64-basis points year-on-
year increase. Based on this, the Board of Directors has recommended an interim dividend of 
25% on the face value. 
Moving on to the next slide, which is Q3 and nine months performance. So revenue for the 
quarter has grown by 7%, whereas the EBITDA on the same period has grown by 11% and PAT 
has grown by 23%. On a nine months basis, the revenue has grown from INR 3,436 crores to 
INR 3,735 crores, which is a 9% growth, whereas the EBITDA has grown by 12% from INR 
376 crores to INR 422 crores for the first nine months and has an EBITDA margin from 10.9% 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 5 of 13 
 
to a sustainable 11.3%. And PAT margin has grown by 30% from INR 156 crores to INR 203 
crores, increasing the PAT margin from 4.5% to 5.4%. 
Moving to the next slide on the business vertical performances. In the Mechatronics and 
Aftermarket division, on a year-on-year basis, the revenue has grown for the quarter from INR 
576 crores to INR 608 crores. While the quarter-on-quarter has come down due to the sluggish 
demand in the exports and stood out in the ASEAN market. 
Whereas on a nine-month basis, the revenue has grown from INR 1,663 crores to INR 1,821 
crores, marking a 10% increase. On the Information and Connected Systems, there is a 9% 
growth year-on-year from INR 590 crores to INR 645 crores. And whereas on a nine-month 
basis, INR 1,773 crores has grown to INR 1,914 crores and the quarter-on-quarter revenue was 
sluggish due to the downturn in the CV segment. 
Moving on to the next slide, which shows the revenue breakup by-products. Wiring harness 
continues to be about 33% of the revenue. Vehicle access products is about 24%. The die-casting 
division is about 15% Clusters is about 15% and others are grown from 8% to 13%, which 
includes products in the EV area as well as other product lines. 
By geography, India continues to be the majority of the business with about 87% to 88%, 
followed by exports at about 8% and our ASEAN operations have about 5%. By end market, 2- 
and 3-wheelers for the first nine months continue to be about 47% commercial vehicles to be 
about 27% to 28%, Aftermarket in the range of 11%, and passenger vehicle is about 15%. 
Moving on to the next part, which is on the ESG, where we, as an organization, are working 
towards sustainable operations, care for people, ethical business, inclusive growth, and 
responsible value chain. I request you to go through the slides, and we will share with you in the 
next coming quarters on how we are coming up with our sustainability goals. 
As in the next slide, which shows the picture of the Honorable President of India awarding Mrs. 
Sarika Minda for the Spark Minda Foundation under the SAKSHAM program as well as Minda 
Corporation receiving a prestigious award, which is the Helen Keller Award for the year. 
The next slide shows the various corporate social responsibility programs that we have done 
throughout the quarter. The next slide shows the various awards that we have received from 
customers and industry bodies in the continuous areas of operational excellence, supplier 
development, HR, and others. And I'm very happy to share in Q3, Minda Corporation has been 
awarded a Great Place to Work. 
With this, I request you can follow the next slides in terms of the annexures, which show the 
consolidated profit and loss statement, historical income statement as well as about the group 
profile in the next slide. I would now request to open the floor for the questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Raghunandhan from Nuvama Research. 
Raghunandhan: 
Sir, firstly, several new products and focus areas were highlighted at the Auto Expo. Can you 
talk about key growth areas, the top three product segments where you see good traction ahead? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Aakash Minda: 
Hi Raghu. Thank you for visiting the Auto Expo. Our growth areas besides our legacy 
businesses, which is in the area of vehicle access, driver information systems, wiring harnesses, 
die casting, and electronics. All these product lines are moving towards premiumization. And 
therefore, you are seeing in these areas is where the growth is coming from, followed by some 
of the new products that we have launched in these verticals itself, which are on the EV power 
electronics front as well as then the EV charging stations. 
Number two is on the Intelligent Transportation System, which is coming from the electric 
vehicle bus segment. Number three is other electronics such as wireless chargers, telematics and 
other product lines. 
Raghunandhan: 
Continuing the point on premiumization, can you talk about how you have seen the share of 
smart keys increase in your safety systems revenue and how you have seen digital clusters share 
increase in overall clusters? Trying to understand how content per vehicle can keep increasing 
and any targets also for the future, which you can talk about. 
Aakash Minda: 
So Raghu, in terms of the smart keys, this continues to be about 7% to 8% of our revenue of our 
Vehicle Access division. And in the next quarters to come, this is expected to grow on a 
consistent basis, while there are new launches, product launches as well as more penetration 
increases in the ICE as well as EV vehicles. When it comes to the instrument clusters, the analog 
clusters are moving towards the TFT clusters. 
Currently, in our Minda Instruments portfolio, this also continues to be about close to 8% to 
10% of our revenue when it comes to the new or next-generation clusters with this TFT in the 
various sizes, which are connected and other electronics in the driver information system space. 
Going forward, they will be having a larger penetration in the 4-wheeler segment on the TFT 
side. 
Raghunandhan: 
Coming to the tie-up with Flash, if you can talk about product readiness was showcased, 
especially for motors in the non-2-wheeler, PV and CV segment. Has there been any order wins? 
How do you see the potential for this business? And that is more of a medium-term question. 
And in the near term, how do you see the synergies panning out between Minda and Flash 
leading to cost savings? And if you can talk about FY26, how can there be revenue potential of 
sales from Minda to Flash? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. So I think a couple of questions on that front. But just to share with you, if you refer to 
Page 26, which shows the combined solution as an illustration for a 2-wheeler portfolio of Minda 
Corporation along with Flash Electronics. So the current kit value being offered, which is already 
in mass production and supplied to various customers is in the range of INR 30,000 to INR 
35,000 per 2-wheeler. 
Of course, this is expected to grow when there is more integration and where there are more 
advanced products, which are coming in terms of a system solution and kit value offering by 
combining the products of Minda Corporation and Flash to various customers. Number two is 
when it comes to the 4-wheeler and other segment vehicles, there are products which are already 
ready with Flash electronics when it comes to motor and motor controller. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 7 of 13 
 
We are already engaged with various customers on that. And number two, in the power 
electronics space, where Minda Corporation has already developed products, we have already 
won orders. We have now products that are already going to be in mass production by the end 
of FY26, where we've already won orders. Sorry, can you repeat the third question, please? 
Raghunandhan: 
The revenue potential for Minda to Flash in FY26 or over the next 2, or 3 years, how do you see 
the ramp-up? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. So Flash Electronics has been growing at a constant rate of about 17% to 18%, and we 
expect them to grow in a similar range in the next few quarters to come. Of course, with new 
and new products and more and more synergies coming from Minda Corporation and Flash 
Electronics together, we expect to grow this together even higher jointly. 
Raghunandhan: 
I was referring to how much can be the sales which Minda can do to Flash? Can it be INR 200 
crores to INR 300 crores per annum? 
Aakash Minda: 
Sorry, can you repeat the question, please? 
Raghunandhan: 
How much revenue can Minda generate from sales to Flash sourcing from each other? 
Aakash Minda: 
There are various avenues of synergies from the way of cross-selling in terms of die-casting 
products, wiring harnesses, electronics, and of course, more importantly, a system solution 
offering to the end customers, which is going to make both of us competitive. So, we expect by 
2030, this number is in the range of about INR 500 crores to INR 600 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital. 
Mitul Shah: 
Congratulations on a record-high 11.5% EBITDA margin. Sir, my first question is on your R&D 
and investment, which is almost more than doubled in FY24, how that is shaping up in the first 
nine months? And what would be this as a percentage of sales going forward? And in context 
with that, we already have 290-plus patents filed. So, what is the status latest update on that side? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. So in the previous years, we've been spending about 1.5% to 2% in our R&D. Now as an 
opex and capex put together, we are investing close to about 4% or north of 4% in the R&D. 
And this year, of course, in the FY26 also, we expect to continue in a similar range. In the first 
nine months of the year, FY25 also, we've invested in similar lines, where we have set up a new 
R&D center as well as expanded the areas of products into the areas of the design studio. 
As well as the integration of product lines, and EV products and strengthening the competency, 
capabilities, and capacities of our products that we have developed across verticals to cater to 
the customers. So, we expect to come up with more product lines coming out of the advanced 
tech center in the areas of connected, electronic, electric, and safe mobility. 
Mitul Shah: 
Any number on the patents? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. So in the first nine months, we filed 17 patents and now the patent count is 290 plus. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, the second question is on localization, particularly on the wiring harness side, how it is 
shaping up, and how the margins for that segment are on a directional basis. Similar to that, 
considering the previous question of Raghu on the new products, which we displayed maximum 
of them were like electronic item and all those new-edge technologies. So going forward, there 
is a possibility of import content further increasing. So how do you see in terms of the revenue 
growth through that versus margin compromise to some extent due to import content? 
Aakash Minda: 
So in terms of the wiring harness, as we've always shared before that we have taken various 
initiatives for the localization of the connectors in India, number one. And then, more 
importantly, coming from Minda Corporation. So, we have invested in the past few quarters and 
years in developing our own competency capability. 
In the last two quarters, the connectors consumption coming out of Minda Corporation connector 
division for our wiring harness has come to about 15%. And so the dependence on imports has 
constantly gone down. And now the imports stand at about 50% and domestic is about 50%, out 
of which 15% to 16% is the domestic consumption coming from Minda Corporation design and 
development capabilities. 
Moving on to your next question, when it comes to the new product lines, yes, the import content 
when the new products are coming in, such as more electronics is going to increase, particularly 
on the semiconductors. So until they are made available locally in India, we have to be reliant 
on global companies. 
There are other products which are such as connectors and displays and other electronic items, 
which we are continuously evaluating on how we can localize to derisk our supply chain as well 
as gain localization benefits that the government also happens to offer. 
Mitul Shah: 
And last question on the debt side post this Flash deal. How do you see debt going two years 
down the line? And what would be the comfortable debt-equity level where we believe that it's 
within the range? 
Aakash Minda: 
So I think the current debt level is going to be about 0.6x our debt-to-equity ratio, which is well 
within our comfortable financial prudence that we have set for our organization. And going 
forward, of course, there will be various options that one can evaluate. And more importantly, 
Minda Corporation is generating enough free cash flow and cash generating to look at how we 
can reduce this going forward. So, I think from our side, we are in a very comfortable position, 
not hampering the balance sheet. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Kamdar from DRChoksey Finserv. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Sir, I have a more general question on the industry. Where do you see the CV industry going 
forward? And can we see some signs of the pickup of the CV industry? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, we believe that the CV industry should bounce back in the next recent quarters to come. But 
of course, we are expecting a single-digit growth in the next few quarters. As per our planning, 
that's what we look at. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Karan Kamdar: 
And sir, like recent kind of the numbers, auto numbers have also been going down. Do we 
foresee any impact in the coming quarters in the Q4 or Q1 of FY26? Will there be any impact 
due to the auto numbers going down? Or will that remain stable? 
Aakash Minda: 
Which numbers going down, sorry? 
Karan Kamdar: 
Auto. 4-wheeler. 
Aakash Minda: 
No. So again, the 4-wheeler, I think, is in the right space where, of course, new product launches 
and other products are coming up. And if you see that all OEMs are expanding capacities all 
across India. So I think this is a segment which at least in the midterm to long run, will definitely 
grow. And all the reports show that the 4-wheeler is expected to be about 7 million to 8 million 
vehicles by 2030. So, a modest growth is expected over the next few years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Jain from Emkay Global. 
Chirag Jain: 
Aakash, just wanted your sense of how, let's say, what kind of growth we can expect over the 
next two, three years at a broader level. And especially on EBITDA margins, now we are already 
at 11.5%, which is your all-time high EBITDA margins. Do we see further scope for margins to 
improve for the next two, or three years? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, Chirag, we have always been wanting to outperform the industry, and that is where we 
commit to ourselves and to everybody at large. And if you see in the current quarters as well, 
we have been delivering the growth, which is for the domestic OE market. But due to the export 
market being sluggish and the local commercial vehicle segment, which is where we have about 
27% dependence is kind of pulling us. 
But even if all these various different segments are expected to be stable, this should be easily 
giving Minda Corporation the desired growth, which is outperforming the market. In the 
midterm to long term, our objective is how we can grow 1.5x the industry. And with the order 
book and with the investments and capacities that we have done with technology and people, we 
are well within the place to harvest the growth, which is expected if these segments come 
positive. 
On the EBITDA side, we have come over the past few years on consistent and sustainable 
numbers. So while we are very happy to share that we have done an all-time high percentage, 
we expect this to be stable and then grow in the times to come. 
Chirag Jain: 
Any update on the sunroof and closure system project as well, if you can share? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. So we have been under discussion and our products are under testing validation at a couple 
of customers. So as and when there is a further development, I'll let you know. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shailly Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Shailly Jain: 
Sir, where do we stand in terms of our Smart Key business? How are we progressing on that 
part? Have we got any orders on that front? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. Hi, Shailly, as I mentioned, we are doing about 7% to 8% of Smart Keys, our total Security 
division, about 7% to 8% of revenue comes from the Smart Key businesses while more and more 
penetration of the new product launches are going to come in, in terms of ICE and EV, this 
penetration is expected to grow further as what we have already shared previously by 2030 and 
beyond. 
Shailly Jain: 
And how are we looking at FY26 for us? Any targets? 
Aakash Minda: 
In terms of? 
Shailly Jain: 
Our revenue and margin target. 
Aakash Minda: 
So I just explained this in the previous question, but we would definitely want to grow 1.5x the 
industry. So while the industry is expected to grow about 6% to 7% over the next financial year, 
we are in position in order to achieve our goals and targets. Of course, the segments that we have 
our order book from also if they come into the growth segment, this will boost our growth going 
forward. 
So definitely, the commercial vehicle segment and the export segment where we have a 
dependency, if they are not facing headwinds, we will definitely grow faster than the industry. 
Shailly Jain: 
Yes, sir. Any specific targets for exports? 
Aakash Minda: 
Currently, we are about 8% to 10% of our revenue. And as an organization, we would like to 
grow this much higher than the domestic growth. So while we have the order book, we would 
like to take it to about 15% in the midterm to long run for our overall revenue side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhushan, an Individual Investor. 
Bhushan: 
Sir, my question was regarding margins. So Minda has delivered the highest quarterly margin. 
So what were the key drivers behind this performance? And was it the function of operating 
leverage, product mix or cost efficiency? 
Aakash Minda: 
So there have been various factors where we have been constantly working. If you look at our 
journey of the last many quarters and years, we've been focusing on operational excellence in 
various divisions. Of course, one of the most important areas have been our wiring harness 
division, where previously, they have been an underperformer. But I'm happy to share that in 
line with our commitment, we'll be able to bounce back in that business. 
And gain more orders as well as become more efficient and the help of localization of the 
products and connectors is coming into play. Of course, when there are now economies of scale 
coming from the new product launches as well as the premiumization of the products is coming 
into the aspect. 
And of course, while being in the operational and manufacturing industry, we continue to invest 
in our operational excellence and work closely with our suppliers in becoming more efficient in 
order to achieve these. So this is how we plan to also sustainably and consistently go forward. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Bhushan: 
And the second question was regarding the industry prospects. So how do you see the 
competitive intensity and the key growth drivers for the company in the coming quarters? And 
how do you see the order book shaping up specifically from the EV segment? 
Aakash Minda: 
Did you ask about the industry growth and the EV segment per se? 
Bhushan: 
Is the order book shaping up for the product portfolio, specifically on the EV segment? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. So currently, if you look at 2-wheeler industry per se, penetration is about 5% to 6% on the 
overall industry. And at Minda Corporation, also the EV platforms or products are about 5% to 
6% of our overall revenue. Of course, when you now combine in Flash, this is much higher, 
close to about 10% to 12%. And in terms of Flash Electronics itself, it is a much higher portfolio. 
More than 20% of the revenue comes from the EV products. 
Going forward, consistently, we have been winning businesses, all the products which are on 
the ICE, EV as well as other segments, which are hydrogen or etc. All of our product lines are, 
again, engine agnostic. So, whether it is the instrument clusters or security systems or wiring 
harnesses or die casting or other electronics are going to become more electronics and premium 
when the EV shift happens or the premiumization of the industry happens itself. 
Bhushan: 
And you have also mentioned the premiumization of the products. So do you expect further 
room for margin expansion? 
Aakash Minda: 
So of course, while we continue to start launching our new products of the order wins that we 
have done, with the better economies of scale and better experience in those product lines, we 
will definitely continue to enhance our margins and make money for all of us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Munindra Upadhyay from Elara Capital. 
Munindra Upadhyay: 
So my question was related to exports. So on the export side, are we seeing any green shoots 
visible for the coming quarters or so? Or any recent developments just to understand more color 
on the current ongoing weakness on the export side. Any color would be helpful. 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. I think in the past year-on-year basis, our exports as a revenue have been going down, but 
happy to share that on a quarter-on-quarter basis, it is flat. As we have shared whatever ways we 
could expect they are there. But of course, with the new geopolitical concerns, it is in somewhere 
opening us opportunities. But of course, somewhere they could become challenged in terms of 
the American market, however, the future comes up with. 
So we are also continuously evaluating the situations, but our focus right now is to win order 
book for the various products and various customers that will help us grow on the tide when it 
comes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital. 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, I have two questions. The first one is on revenue breakup segment-wise. Other segment has 
gone down from 13% to 8% in nine months FY25 versus last year's nine months. So within 
others, which is a major driver or any further explanation on this? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. When it comes to others, it is comprised of various product lines. So please pardon me, I 
will not be able to share the various details. But there again, the smaller segments and smaller 
businesses combine this other, which is the Tata Motor division, which is the electronics, which 
is the Intelligent Transportation Systems, and the EV products. 
So definitely, some have increased, some have gone down due to the export challenges, which 
are somewhere dependent extremely on the export side as well. So that is where the other 
segments have grown particularly. So there are sensors, for example, and other product lines. So 
that is where it's a mix where it has gone from about 8% to 13%. 
Mitul Shah: 
Actually, it has gone down, sir, from 13% to 8% as per the presentation. 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes, sorry. It has gone down again because they have been more on the exports front. There 
have been some particular product lines as well as some of the customers that we had won orders 
from, particularly in the new age OEMs have not done well particularly on the EV products or 
one or two product lines that are there. So that has been the reason why they have come down 
from 13% to 8%. 
Mitul Shah: 
And second question is on further margin expansion. Among all these five verticals, which 
vertical or which segment do you see maximum margin expansion possible two or three years 
down the line? Or how would be the order in terms of the margin improvement scope within all 
these five verticals? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. So the highest opportunity would have been the wiring harness, and that, again, continues 
to be the area of much more improvement per se. Definitely, the divisions which have a greater 
number of export orders with the sales coming in from these segments will improve our margins. 
When it comes to the electronics segment, that is where when we will get further economies of 
scale and more penetration into the market, which is where we would expect those segments. 
But yes, as a blended margin, which is where we particularly share about, we'd expect it to be 
sustaining these numbers in the quarters to come. 
Mitul Shah: 
Lastly, may not be the number, but within all these verticals, where do you see highest capex 
spending over the next two, three years, capacity expansion within all these five verticals, which 
one would see the maximum capex? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. So in our portfolio, the highest capex comes primarily from the die-casting division. And 
that is where the highest investment is probably expected. Also in the areas of Electronics, which 
is, again, across various segments, or across various verticals because everything is becoming 
more electronics per se. So these are the two major avenues. One is die casting and the second 
is electronics. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Aakash Minda: 
So thank you very much for joining the call. We remain highly confident in our growth 
trajectory, both in the near and the long term, driven by strategic investments and an unwavering 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
February 06, 2025 
Page 13 of 13 
 
commitment to advancing our products and technologies. The union budget announced by the 
Honorable Finance Minister is a progressive and growth-oriented budget, and we are very 
confident that this will further boost the Indian automotive industry and Indian economy, of 
course, giving opportunities for Minda Corporation. 
We are dedicated to customer-centric, meaningful solutions, which will create absolute value 
and create value for various stakeholders and shareholders. Thank you very much for joining 
this call. And if there are any questions, please may reach out to our investor itself. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
