 
Registered Office Akurdi Pune 411035 India 
 
 
 
 
CIN L65993PN2007PLC130076 
 
 
 
 
04 February 2025 
 
To 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Tower 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001 
To 
Corporate Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C-1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Code: 532977 
NSE Code: BAJAJ-AUTO 
 
 
 
          
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Company’s Q3-FY25    
                results 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call held on 28 January 2025 in 
respect of the Company’s Q3-FY25 results. 
 
The transcript will also be hosted on the Company’s website at   
https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/financial-and-operational-performance 
 
Kindly take this on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
 
Rajiv Gandhi 
Company Secretary 
ACS 11263 
 
Encl: as above 
RAJIV 
NATVARLAL 
GANDHI
Digitally signed by 
RAJIV NATVARLAL 
GANDHI 
Date: 2025.02.04 
16:03:31 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
“Bajaj Auto Limited 
Q3 FY 2025 Results Conference Call” 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAKESH SHARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED 
 
MR. DINESH THAPAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED 
 
MR. ANAND NEWAR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED 
 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY 2025 Results Conference Call of Bajaj 
Auto Limited. My name is Neerav, and I'll be your coordinator. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the initial remarks from the management. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Newar, Head, Investor Relations from Bajaj Auto 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you Mr. Newar. 
Anand Newar: 
Thanks, Neerav. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Bajaj Auto's Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. On today's call, we have with us Mr. Rakesh Sharma, Executive Director; and 
Mr. Dinesh Thapar, Chief Financial Officer. We will begin our call with the opening remarks 
from Rakesh on the business and operational performance for the quarter and Dinesh will take 
you through the financial highlights. We will then open the forum for the Q&A. Over to you, 
sir. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Thank you, Anand. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q3 FY25 earnings call 
and thank you very much for joining us. Let me begin by wishing all of you good health, 
happiness and prosperity in 2025. As expected by us, quarter 3 was a very good quarter with 
several milestones being achieved. Volumes of over 1.2 million, slightly above the Q2 
performance, revenue of almost INR13,000 crores, EBITDA of INR2,500 crores and a PAT of 
INR2,000 crores. 
 
Besides these financials, we recorded our highest ever market share in the electric portfolio of 
both two-wheelers and three-wheelers. We crossed 500,000 units of exports in the quarter after 
2 years. We sold the highest ever Pulsars during festive, grew space by 21% and registered the 
best quarter for Triumph and KTM in India. We also completed in this quarter the full 
establishment, the full rollout of Bajaj Auto Credit Limited across the entire Bajaj Auto. But 
most importantly, this is the fifth successive quarter of 20% plus EBITDA and that too, with a 
growing EV portfolio, which now stands at 22% of domestic revenue. In fact, our green energy 
portfolio comprising greener fuels of electric and CNG across two-wheelers and three-wheelers 
is at 44% of our domestic revenue. 
 
Let us now discuss the highlights of each SBU. Exports. The BU grew volumes by 27% in 
quarter 3, almost at double the rate of estimated market growth. Latin America is now the largest 
emerging market region in the world for motorcycles, almost twice the size of Africa in volume 
terms and at least 3 times in terms of value. BAL exports grew by nearly 40% in LATAM in 
quarter 3 with a rich mix of over 60% of premium brands of Pulsars and Dominars. The industry 
recorded growth in Q3 in all other regions, which is ASEAN, Asia and even Africa. In every 
single region, our exports growth was significantly ahead of the estimated industry growth. 
Nigeria retails remained steady through the quarter at 35,000 units per month level with a market 
share of over 55%.  
There are 3 other noteworthy points for our exports BU. The export performance was delivered 
despite an almost 50% drop in KTM exports due to the issues being faced by KTM overseas. In 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Q3, our export of KTM brands constituted only 2% of total exports, down from their usual level 
of about 5% in FY '24. Secondly, the exports growth was over and above the destocking of the 
channel, particularly in Nigeria, that was done in the early part of the year to minimize exposure 
of channel partners. And thirdly, Bajaj Brazil recorded its highest ever retail and production is 
now already at peak capacity. The Dominar brand has raised ahead of several established 
European brands in the personal segment. Management has approved a further expansion of 
capacity to 50,000 units plus level per annum, which should be in place by the final quarter of 
FY '26. 
 
Going forward, in export, we still need to be watchful of the currency-led volatility, particularly 
in South Asia and Africa. But barring that, we expect exports to continue to grow at 20% plus 
levels on year-on-year basis. 
 
Coming to domestic motorcycles. Industry performance in Q3 was buffeted by a very good 
Diwali, which has lifted year-to-date performance of the industry to about 8%, up from the 6% 
or so growth being experienced till the end of H1 by the industry. Growth continues to be driven 
by the upper half of the industry, which is a 125cc+ segment, which is growing at over twice the 
rate of the 100cc segment. Even though the season saw substantial pricing and discount action, 
our market share held steady in the strategically important top half with a clear number two 
position. However, there has been some erosion of our share in the bottom half as was expected 
because of staying away from the tactical pricing initiatives, which continue till date. We have 
now also recalibrated our billing volumes to right size channel inventory, particularly in the 
entry level.  
Going forward, growth rate should settle at the underlying trend normalized for the temporary 
highs, which are achieved in festive. The underlying trend suggests a near-term outlook of 6% 
to 8% growth in the industry with the 125cc+ segment growing faster than the 100cc segment, 
as has been happening. To ensure we get a disproportionate share of this growth, and we want 
to ensure continued excitement and interest of the customer, between December and March, we 
would have introduced nine new variants of our existing models in the 125cc+ segment. We 
believe doing this allows us to sub segment the market and give the customers greater choice 
and feature sets as well as offer multiple price points for entry into the top half portfolio. 
 
Freedom, the world's first CNG motorcycle continues its steady growth. Till date, we have 
retailed almost 50,000 bikes since the start in August. Customer adoption is good with the 
product delivering all benefits as was conceptualized, designed and manufactured. We have 
expanded the range with one more variant making it a portfolio of three, which should cover all 
segments of users from gig workers to long-distance personal users. We have seen a relatively 
faster adoption in areas where pump density is high like say, Delhi and Kerala, for example, and 
seen penetration rates go beyond 10% of the 125cc segment in such areas. In other areas, with 
customers where the per day usage levels are less and the savings in rupees per month is less,  
the adoption is lower as customers generally seek further validation of benefits. In quarter 4, we 
will step up mass engagement with customers to drive awareness and familiarity for the Bajaj 
Freedom. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
Commercial vehicles, the three-wheeler BU clocked its highest-ever retail of over 125,000 units 
in quarter 3, of which 17,000 were electric vehicles. The electric vehicle market share grew from 
13% in quarter 3 FY24 to over 35% in quarter 3 FY25. Our e-autos are now available in 800 
plus locations, perhaps the widest distribution in the industry. The e-auto portfolio is now being 
brought under a separate brand, the Bajaj Gogo. The Bajaj Gogo encapsulates the values of latest 
tech combined with the trust of decades. We intend to expand the EV portfolio next month, 
which should drive up the market share to leadership levels.  
By the end of this financial year, we also intend to launch a modern e-Rick, which will set an 
absolutely new standard in the segment and bring a very high level of satisfaction to both the 
owners and passengers. The e-Rick segment is almost as large as the auto segment and the new 
e-Rick should generate new business for the BU. The ICE business maintains its rough solid 
performance with an overall market share of 75% plus. Going forward, we expect the L5 industry 
to continue to grow at 4% to 6% levels primarily driven by increasing penetration of EVs. We 
expect to outpace the industry's EV growth, while maintaining our strong leadership in ICE. 
 
Chetak business unit. The arc of Chetak's performance has been the steepest in the industry from 
a market share of 13% in quarter 3 FY24, Chetak has clocked the market share of 22% in quarter 
3, a rise of almost 10 percentage points. This momentum of market share acquisition should 
increase further with the launch of the 35 platform, which happened in end December. The new 
platform provides us the best Chetak yet with a higher range, advanced displays, faster charging 
and best-in-class boot space combined with the already popular elegant styling and robust build 
quality. 
 
This already introduced two variants should make a strong play for higher market share in the 
upper half of this EV segment where our presence has been relatively weak. The new series will 
also have a very positive impact on the bottom line, too. A major swing into the profitability 
zone will be achieved in Q4 as the 35-Series acquires scale beginning February. The combination 
of the new platform, which will be further expanded in this quarter, the continually expanding 
exclusive stores now over 250 and wider distribution to over 3,000 sales points will continue to 
drive the business towards a stronger leadership position and on a profitable basis.  
Pro biking, both brands, KTM and Triumph had a very good Q3 with Triumph recording its best 
ever quarter. The refreshed KTM Duke, the 200 and the 250 have been received very well, and 
quarter 4 should see a further product refresh in the adventure segment. In Triumph, the new 
Speed T4 pulled in new customers and now all three models, which is the Speed T4, the Speed 
400 and the Scrambler 400 are demonstrating good growth. Even as we steadily expand the 
Triumph network, our focus remains on top towns to drive share. We'll further refresh the Speed 
range in Q4 to keep the growth momentum going. 
 
Finally, a quick word on two of our new 100% subsidiaries. BACL, our captive finance company 
has completed its Pan-India rollout ahead of schedule. And as of end Q3, it is serving the entire 
two-wheeler and three-wheeler business of Bajaj Auto in India with a 70% plus share of 
financing at our store. Even as the rollout was completed, we are delighted to report that BACL 
posted a profit in quarter 3. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
BATL, which is Bajaj Auto Technology Limited, the erstwhile Chetak Technology Limited has 
been renamed as Bajaj Auto Technology Limited and repurposed to be a pure technology 
company. With the rapid and diverse developments unfolding in the tech space, it was felt that 
we needed a singular focus to build capability in cutting-edge tech, particularly in EVs, but not 
restricted to them. 
 
BATL will develop new tech in areas like electronics, electric powertrains, controls, hybrids and 
fuel cells, software and will also spearhead cutting-edge design and offer these for the use of 
Bajaj Auto Limited and its partners. BATL is now fully operational and already employs over 
500 people. Source of BATL revenue will be the royalty from its IP and charges for other 
services rendered to Bajaj Auto Limited and its partner. 
 
In conclusion, going forward, our imperatives are to continue to build share in the 125cc+ 
segment through steady expansion of Freedom and leveraging the expanded lineup for Pulsars, 
KTMs, and Triumphs. We will scale up the new Chetak 35-Series platform with production 
increasing February onwards to gain share in the upper half of the two-wheeler EV segment. 
Similarly, we will drive for leadership in the e-auto segment through the expanded range. We 
will ensure steady turnaround in recovering overseas markets and will go aggressively in steadier 
markets like LATAM. Underlying all this, we will continue to optimize growth and profitability 
to deliver better shares while retaining best-in-class profitability. On this basis, we hope to 
conclude an outstanding financial year '25. 
With this, I would like to hand it over to Dinesh. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Thank you, Rakesh. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Since this is 
the first interaction in the New Year, let me take this opportunity to wish each of you a very 
Happy and Prosperous New Year. 
Coming to the quarter, I think this time around, as you would have made out from the headlines, 
we are particularly pleased by the performance of our green energy portfolio in the domestic 
business, the rebound of our exports business, and quite clearly, the underlying profit 
performance.  
The green energy portfolio is trending towards being nearly half of our domestic business. 
You've heard some detail from Rakesh. And more notably within that, the electric portfolio 
which continues to expand meaningfully recorded sales of almost 100,000 units yet again with 
leading competitive positions on both electric 2-wheelers and electric 3-wheelers. And I'm sure 
with these results, you will recognize this to be significant progress from where we started out 
18 to 24 months back and a clear testament to the focused strategy and committed execution that 
we have behind the space.  
Exports are making a steady and sure foot come back with a broad-based step-up across regions. 
And while LATAM continues on its strong momentum, I think what's particularly heartening is 
that Africa has come to the growth party this time with Nigeria delivering over 100,000 units in 
the quarter, more than double over the last quarter, and that's quite heartening because we haven't 
seen these numbers from Nigeria in quite a while.  

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
And finally, we've been able to hold margin at 20.2% yet again. Our margins have been at this 
level, give or take a few bps for the last 6 quarters, right from 19.8% all the way to 20.2% during 
this intervening period. And yes, we are managing the P&L quite dynamically to deliver this 
while continuing to invest significantly behind our strategic thrust.  Don't forget that the electric 
portfolio has grown 2.5x over what it was the same time last year, and yet we've continued to 
deliver both top line and bottom-line growth in tandem. Now before I get to the numbers, let me 
spend some time on the operating context that influences our performance. 
Rakesh has already given you a comprehensive overview of the market, so I'll focus my 
commentary on the 2 elements of commodity and currency. The commodity basket for the 
quarter ended rather flattish in net terms with the pluses and minuses quite balancing out. There 
was sharp inflation in rubbers and a moderate uptick that we saw in ABS, polypropylene and 
platinum, but that was offset by a softer metals complex led most notably by steel and a little bit 
of nickel and lead in part. 
Coming to pricing in this context, I think the only notable pricing that we took down this time 
was an investment that we made into taking down pricing, and I say sequentially on our electric 
3-wheeler really to drive our competitive position and product penetration as we expanded to a 
national footprint of the 800 plus touch points. On the rest of the portfolio, I'd say the net impact 
of price changes, both pluses and minuses or upwards and downwards, as you see them on the 
quarter was broadly minimal. Currency continued to be a tailwind given the movement of the 
dollar-INR. For the quarter, the dollar realization stood at about 84.3 compared to 83.8 in the 
previous quarter, and 83.2 in the same period last year. And exports for the quarter was $505 
million. So that should give you a sense of the impact of currency. 
Coming to the results, we've reported the stand-alone revenues of INR12,807 crores, up 6% 
year-on-year. And to really put that growth on year-on-year in perspective, a third of it came 
from volumes, a quarter of it from better price and currency realizations and the rest from mix. 
Underpinning the mix number, among others, is another record quarter on spares as it crossed 
the INR1,500 crores mark for the very first time. So that's quarterly spares of over INR1,500 
crores for the very first time.  
I must add that mix was severely impacted by the call that we had to take in the immediate term 
on lowering KTM exports given the current state of flux and the ongoing restructuring process 
in Austria that many of you are familiar with and the fact that Pierer Mobility AG is public, you 
would have heard a lot about it. Had it not been for the short-term setback on KTM exports, our 
revenue growth would have been nearing double digit and EBITDA growth even much higher 
in the teens given the margin accretive business that it is.  
Coming to EBITDA for the quarter, we reported another quarter in excess of INR2,500 crores 
at INR2,581 crores, up 6% year-on-year. And as I mentioned, I think more notable, this growth 
would have been in the mid-teens, had it not been for the KTM exports factor. Margins held 
steady and resilient at the 20% plus levels. And I must say we are quite pleased at how we've 
been managing that. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Year-on-year, EBITDA margins have improved about 10 basis points, while commodity costs 
remained largely flattish. Judicious pricing and a favorable currency environment has helped 
offset the impact of an adverse profit mix, primarily driven by the lower exports of KTM as I've 
mentioned. Most notably, given that the volumes and revenue of the electric portfolio have more 
than doubled over the same time last year, the impact of margin has been neutral as cost 
reductions and PLI accruals have offset the impact of the competitive lead of price reductions 
that we've taken and expansion of the portfolio and the scale that we've grown with it. 
While on this, I must add that our R&D and procurement teams have done some impressive 
work on the EV-related costs. You would recall that we have mentioned in our last call that the 
EV portfolio comprising of both electric 2-wheelers and electric 3-wheelers had achieved a 
combined breakeven at the EBITDA level in totality. And now at a unit level, which is 
essentially the unit-level economics, while the electric 3-wheelers were, in any case, profitable, 
with the launch of the new Chetak platform, the 35 Series that we launched in December, the 
unit economics for the new Chetak model is now seen a line of sight on an EBITDA breakeven. 
So unit economics.  
Of course, work is underway to introduce a few more models in quarter 4 and quarter 1 on this 
new platform. Each designed with both superior functionality and improved cost structures. And 
of course, where the margin eventually settles and how much of this benefit will eventually flow 
into the results will be a function of how and where market pricing settles and competitive 
actions play out.  But you will agree that this is a significant step forward that stands this business 
in good stead given our larger ambition of scale in this space.  
Profit after tax on a stand-alone basis came in at over INR2,100 crores for the quarter and 
consolidated profits at nearly INR2,200 crores. Within this, as you heard from Rakesh, of 
noteworthy mentioned, is the progress that we've made on the captive financing on Bajaj Auto 
Credit Limited, which has turned profitable in its very first year of operations. First, the business 
has now completed its national rollout and presence across the BAL network, well ahead of 
schedule. In many ways, a reflection of the disciplined execution and operational rigor that has 
gone behind it.  
In terms of numbers, at the end of December, this entity, which is the new Bajaj Auto Credit 
Limited entity, has financed nearly 5,20,000 vehicles and built up an AUM of a little over 
INR7,000 crores. Alongside, the team is also strongly focused on building core capabilities for 
the business around digitally-enabled processes, interactions, seamless customer journeys, 
compliance, risk management and collections, which will enable the aspiration that we have for 
this business and support its scale up. That should start to kick-in from the upcoming quarter 
itself now that the staggered rollout has been completed. 
Quickly a word on cash. With our consistent track record of cash generation, we closed the 
quarter with surplus cash of INR15,000 crores. It's also worth noting that in the first 9 months 
of FY25, we've generated INR3,000 crores of free cash flow, reflecting our strong track record 
of converting profit to cash. Over the same period, we strategically invested approximately 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
INR1,600 crores into the financing subsidiary to support its nationwide expansion and about 
INR450 crores towards capex, of which I'd say two-third went behind the electric portfolio. 
Looking ahead, you've heard from Rakesh, we remain very closely focused on our strategic 
priorities, competitive growth in the important 125cc plus motorcycle segment, building scale 
for new launches on Freedom and Triumph, a closer commitment to grow the electric portfolio 
to even larger numbers, both on Chetak and electric 3-wheelers supported by the new product 
upgrades and innovation that has been put out. Continue to stay the course on recovering our 
exports business, which in many ways have led the performance of this quarter and sustaining 
margins while dynamically managing P&L and continuing to invest behind the strategic growth 
enablers that we've been talking about. 
Quickly on commodity costs, the landscape looking out ahead. I think we're looking at very 
slight inflation, led by alloys and in a few miscellaneous categories. But like I said, it's a slight 
inflation. Steel and other metals look balanced, but I think what we need to watch out and see is 
really the noble metals, rhodium, palladium and platinum are all showing some signs of stiffness, 
but we need to see how and when this plays out.  Important to also note that quarter 4 will also 
see the start of the cost impact of complying with the OBD-2B norms that are effective from 1st 
of April, and that will play out once billing starts in many ways for the most part in the next 
month. Naturally, this will affect pricing, and we will soon roll out our updated prices for our 
products that comply with these OBD 2B standards. Currency, you are familiar with, and as you 
would know, that should provide some tailwind.  
With that, let me hand it over back to Anand and open up the floor to Q&A. Thank you very 
much. 
Anand Newar: 
Thank you, Dinesh. Neerav, with this, we can open the forum for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a 
question, may press * and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from 
the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while 
asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. Participants you may press * and 1 to ask a question.  
The first question is from the line of Chandramouli from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my questions. My first question is on the export 
business prepared remarks that you had made, that you have a line of sight on 20% plus growth. 
So I just want to understand what time frame do you see that sort of growth for? And then what 
are some of the markets or the products that are giving you the confidence on visibility on that 
sort of growth on exports going forward? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
So, Chandramouli, the growth outlook was for the near term, like I said, I would not like to 
predict a very long-term guesses on this, given the uncertainty, the geopolitical uncertainty, the 
macroeconomic uncertainties, which are there all over the period. But we are taking it quarter-
by-quarter. And we had said at the beginning of quarter 3 that we should be 20% plus, and we 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
delivered 27%. And similarly, actually, for the next 3 to 6 months, most likely we will be in the 
20% plus one.  
Beyond that, I would really want to see how things pan out in the environment. What is driving 
our growth is actually now with Africa sort of just coming back into a little bit of growth and 
places like Nigeria also growing where we have a very, very solid position, which is over 55% 
share. The single biggest driver is Latin America, where we've got excellent positions in all the 
key markets of Latin America. It is the fastest growing and the single largest region.  
We find that some of our other strong areas are like Philippines, Bangladesh, and a little bit of a 
return in Sri Lanka. Motorcycle share in Sri Lanka is right now 80%, it's nowhere near what it 
used to be. But that market has started to grow. And like I said, continued performance in Africa. 
So it's a very broad-based growth drivers across the board. 
Chandramouli: 
Got it. That's helpful. My second question is just on the two points you mentioned around the e-
rickshaw portfolio, that's likely to launch later this year as well as KTM which was a drag this 
quarter on growth and profit. So just want to understand both factors. What are some of the 
comments you'd like to share on the scale of the e-rickshaw opportunity? Is it a launch in the 
end of the calendar year or in the end of the fiscal year? And on KTM, I just want to understand 
how long you expect for that business to potentially start contributing again in a normalized 
way? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Like I said that we expect to launch the e-rick by end of this quarter. So, let's say, by end of the 
FY25 fiscal. By the time all the permissions are through, it may just spill over into first week of 
April or retails may spill over to first week April or they may just commence by end of March 
even.  
It's a sizable opportunity. We don't sell anything in it. Almost 50% of three wheeled mobility is 
in the e-rick space, which is in north and east, little parts of west. Almost 45,000 e-ricks are 
retailed every month. And they come in various shapes and sizes. It's a very fragmented market. 
A lot of it is import dependent. A lot of it is substandard product. But it's a very good format for 
certain use cases. So, the demand is there. And by introducing our e-rick, we hope to organize 
this market and bring in fresh new business for us. I guess we will start to see a real scale up in 
the first quarter of the new fiscal. 
And on KTM, see, we must wait. You know that there is an engagement process, self-
administered, court supervised process, which the current management has undertaken where 
they're putting together a package for the reconstruction of the company. And the great thing is 
that there is a very definitive timeline for that, which is by 25th of February. And once that thing 
has been approved and accepted by all the stakeholders, we should see some kind of a revival.  
Until then, I think it would be patchy. So it's difficult to give you a precise month when this will 
unfold. But because it’s all very court supervised and very clear time lines have been given. On 
conclusion of the process, I think it should be sooner than later before the revival commences. 
But that depends on whether the package goes through and is accepted by all.  

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Chandramouli: 
 
Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
I would just point out that my comment about the KTM revival pertains only to the export of 
KTM from India to overseas markets, which was being managed by the KTM AG companies. 
The Indian KTM business, which is almost 6,000 units odd, there's no problem with that because 
that's all produced in India and sold through our dealerships. 
Chandramouli: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Gunjan from Bank of America. Please 
go ahead. 
Gunjan: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just continuing with the 3-wheeler segment, you did 
speak about expansion of the portfolio in quarter 4 on the 3-wheeler side and some price 
interventions that you've made as you expand the distribution. Can you talk a little bit as to what 
use cases? And I'm assuming this 3-wheeler expansion is independent of e-rickshaw. So what 
use cases and how does the price now sort of stack up versus competition? Because there's 
clearly a lot of competition also coming from other players in the industry. So keen to hear your 
thoughts on both the product side as well as the pricing interventions that you're making. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Well, on the product side, our e-auto, the passenger and cargo have both met with good success. 
In fact, in passenger e-auto, our market share is, I think, around 37% and in the mid-20s in the 
cargo segment. And of course, the major segment is the e-auto segment. We are going to 
introduce a variant, which is larger sized and which will allow more passengers and passengers 
plus cargo kind of application.  
We have found that this need is there, even in the electric. We found that in the core urban areas, 
a smaller vehicle is preferred. But as you start to go into the suburban areas or the mofussil,  
smaller town areas, we find that a larger body vehicle requirement is there. We already have a 
larger body vehicle in the ICE format. But now we are going to put it also in the E format. 
As we do that, it is very important to ensure the performance of the product because there will 
be more passengers, there'll be more cargo sitting on it. So things like its gradability, the kind of 
heights it can climb and the loads it can carry had to be really worked out. Those tests have been 
done. And we are very excited about the introduction of this product. This will happen in this 
quarter which should then give us a good play into many geographies where our market share is 
relatively lower.  
On pricing, what exactly sort of was your question? 
Gunjan: 
I mean have we brought down the prices with the cost coming down? I mean, what's driven the 
price intervention? I'm not clear you spoke about it in your opening remarks. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Largely, it was in certain competitive areas where competition has taken action on reducing 
prices, particularly in places like Uttar Pradesh, etcetera. So we have matched that kind of 
reduction. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Gunjan: 
Okay. My second question is on the CNG business. Now if I recall the commentary for last 1 or 
2 quarters, clearly, our expectation on scale up of this business was a lot more aggressive than 
what it has played out so far, right? So I just wanted to hear your thoughts in terms of what is it 
we are doing in terms of accelerating the market creation because I think clearly, this is a new 
segment. It will need a lot more products, etcetera, from your side. So how do you see the 
business evolving? I'm not talking next 2, 3 months, maybe over the next 12, 18 months : 
portfolio, pricing, what else can we do to make this market bigger? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. 
Gunjan: 
This is on the CNG bike Freedom 125. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes, I got that. Yes, indeed, we retailed at about 16,000 units in October, but then that is a festive 
month, and people are more and more prone to buy. Like I said in my initial comment, there are 
two things which shape the development of this category. The product acceptance is very good. 
The support by the gas companies is excellent. The confidence level of the dealers, etcetera, is 
very good because there are many dealers who are suddenly starting to see a lot of sales 
happening. As you know, in the mileage conscious segment, we have been a little bit more 
focussed on the performance-oriented segment. So, they are seeing this as a new business.  
But there are two things which drives the development of this business as we are understanding 
it. One is, like I said, the density of the CNG network. We have found when there is density is 
let's say, 40 vehicles per pump kind of a level, the adoption rates are very high. But when the 
density goes down to, let's say, 100 vehicles per pump kind of a level, the adoption rates almost 
half. And the reason for this is that if the pump availability is not convenient, then a considerable 
change in behaviour is needed.  
The second thing which shapes this and which is linked to the first one, is how much money a 
person saves? And how much is that money worth taking all the troubles, etcetera? Out of the 
let's say, 45,000, 50,000 units, which have been retailed, an overwhelming large portion of that, 
are riding more than 70 kilometres per day. Then the savings is quite substantial. But as you 
come down and let's say, if you are riding about 40 kilometres per day, you are doing 25 days 
of riding, which is 1,000 kilometres and the differential between, let's say, a 125cc ICE bike 
operating costs and the CNG bike is almost INR1. So, you're saving INR1,000 a month.  Now 
INR1,000 a month, if the CNG network is very, very intense, people want to save that because 
there's not too much of trouble. But if the CNG network is far, then people think twice, whether 
they should undertake that change of behaviour. Now this kind of a thing mitigates over a period 
as we make the product more familiar, as people get more confidence through word of mouth 
that indeed the savings is going to be there.  
So, we don't see an explosive growth. It started explosively, but now with a decent word of 
mouth stepping in, we see a steady step-by-step growth. We are going to accelerate this growth 
by having a whole lot of engagement, both in terms of communication and direct engagement 
with customers on the ground and familiarize them with this. We are also attacking some of the 
high usage cohorts like gig workers through some of the quick commerce, e-commerce and the 
fleet operator, these are cohorts who are even riding up to 200, 250 kilometres a day. And we 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
are going to be focusing on them.  So, there is a whole lot of market development work. We feel 
very confident to undertake this market development work because the basic acceptance of the 
product is there. Now we have to dismantle the wait and watch attitude of the larger majority of 
customers, which will happen hopefully, over a period of time. 
Gunjan:  
 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raghunandhan NL. from Nuvama Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Congratulations on the fifth quarter of 20% margin, shows 
the quality of growth. Sir, firstly, on the new products, e-rickshaw is a major product. Apart 
from that, what new products variants in two wheelers, would you be focusing on for FY26? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Well, like I explained already, between December and March, we will have 9 different variants 
of the existing models like there's an upgrade of the Pulsar RS200, which has hit the market. We 
are giving different feature sets, which include digital console, LED headlamps, ABS, upside 
down forks, etcetera, at different price points. So, it makes it very easy for the customers to 
choose. Some people prefer upside down fork, some people don't. And that should give us a very 
wide spectrum of offering. 
As we go forward, we have got a very rich product pipeline, again, almost entirely in the 125cc 
plus segment right through the year, besides all what we are doing for 3-wheelers. This is true 
for electric as well as for the ICE portfolio. It's a very, very rich product pipeline and you'll see 
every quarter 1 or 2 launches taking place. 
Raghunandhan L.: 
Thank you for that sir. And would you be considering investments in KTM considering the 
financial stress, any quantum that you have planned? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
So Raghu, I think it's a bit premature for us to comment on this because treated in the nature of 
an M&A transaction, there's a process which is being run at the moment. And since Pierer 
Mobility AG is a listed company, I don't think it would be right for us to make any comments. 
You did hear Rakesh mention clearly, the KTM business is of strategic importance for us and 
we, therefore, remain very strongly committed to it. But the financial considerations of where 
this will eventually go, I think, will play out over the next 4 weeks. So, let's hold comment till 
then. At suitable point of time when there is something to comment on, we'll share it. 
Raghunandhan L: 
Fair point, thank you Dinesh. And Dinesh, if you can also share the net worth and profits for 
Bajaj Auto Credit Limited? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Yes. So, I think this is the first quarter that Bajaj Auto Credit has delivered a profit. We will put 
out the full financials at the end of the next quarter, which is the full financial year. But since 
you've asked, it is INR52 crores profit for the quarter. But that may mean very little for you 
because I think you will obviously need to see the entire set of financials to understand it better. 
But I thought to give you a sense that the number of accounts that have been serviced up to now 
are 520,000 units.  

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
And remember, for these 520,000 accounts, we recognize that the rollout of Bajaj Auto Credit 
has happened in a staggered fashion, starting from Jan of this year. And so therefore, it does not 
reflect the entirety of a steady operation as yet. But I think it is quite noteworthy to mention that 
essentially in its third quarter it has yielded a profit this time around. Book size of about 
INR7,000 crores, as I mentioned. 
Raghunandhan L.: 
Thank you very much. Just a last question for the budget, would you be expecting GST cuts in 
CNG? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Well, it's probably early days. When it goes up to the GST council, we have to wait and see 
when it is taking place. The SIAM have made strong recommendations. Now it is being taken 
up by the GST Council. But just to let you know that there has been very positive 
recommendations from various ministries, which include, of course, our parent ministry, which 
is the Ministry of Heavy Industries, but also from Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, also 
clearances by Ministry of Environment and Ministry of Road Transport who have endorsed a 
GST cut, not just on the CNG, but also on flex fuel and ethanol-based fuels for two-wheelers. 
Raghunandhan L.: 
Thank you very much, sir. Wishing you all the best. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from JPMorgan Chase. Please go 
ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on the domestic 2-wheeler volumes and market share. 
Now if we look at the VAHAN share and since that is the focus, it appears that if I look at your 
ICE volumes, it's broadly been flattish vis-a-vis a growth in the industry. And because in 
VAHAN, we can't look at segments, so you obviously have a better idea than we do.  
Is that mostly on account of say some voluntary decline in volumes on the entry level motorcycle 
side? And going forward now that is out of the way we should get to this 5%, 6%, 7% kind of a 
growth rate in your ICE motorcycle retail growth. Is that how we should look at it? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. So see, first of all, the VAHAN market share for motorcycles are derived. And this is done 
on the basis of longstanding ratios which really don't change violently. And those ratios are 
derived based on the submissions by each of the companies to place like SIAM. So we look at 
not the 2-wheeler share, we look at motorcycle share.  
When we look at motorcycle shares, our focus is always to first look at the 125cc plus. We 
obviously look at total shares. Total shares comprise the 100cc and the 125cc plus. Our strategic 
focus is in the 125cc plus. Between quarter 2 and end of quarter 3, our share in VAHAN and 
following the same methodology for now many years, has remained steady. We would have 
liked it to increase, but it has not increased. It has remained steady. . 
And in the 100cc segment, we have lost market share. And one of the reasons for this is it's a 
very natural occurrence. It happens every year. And every year, we go through this debate within 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
our company also whether we should participate in the red ocean action, which unfolds in the 
season, and it happens across all categories at all.  It's a very deliberate management choice of 
not participating in that apart from some very, very smaller exceptions. And obviously, it has a 
temporary impact on market share, particularly in the entry level.  
Once that has occurred you also have to then recalibrate your billing volumes so that the channel 
inventory comes down. And you will see in December and probably in January also that we have 
to readjust our inventories, particularly in the entry-level segment where, for example, if you are 
tracking the industry, you would have seen a very substantial price reduction by the leaders with 
the entry-level product now being available at INR65,000, right? So obviously, that skews the 
shares. It means our outlook will change. It means inventories which are there in the channels 
need  to be addressed and therefore, the billing volumes have to be recalibrated. So you will see 
that, and it is best done over whatever, a couple of months, and that is what is we are in the 
process. 
 
That is why we are seeing that. But over a period of time, once all this is washed, I agree with 
you that the underlying rate of growth should kick in, and we hopefully let's say, should be 
better, particularly in the 125cc plus segment. But yes, that temporary adjustment, which is very 
visible to you would be in the wholesale volumes, which will be lower because we are 
recalibrating some of the channel inventory. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Sure. That's very helpful. And just second question on the OBD 2B point that you mentioned. 
Broadly speaking, the price rise required would be quite substantial because we've seen one of 
the large global competitors in this space, having increased prices quite substantially across a lot 
of their models. Now part of it is OBD 2B. But on an average basis, how much of a price hike 
would one need to take model to model like-to-like? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
So, I think as it currently stands, it looks like the cost impact of OBD 2B alone, one might choose 
to bring in more functionality and product features with it with a whole different point. But 
pristine OBD 2B impact would be about 1%. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Thanks for that. I'll come back in the queue. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes. Hi, my question pertains to the PLI incentives, given that this would be the first quarter 
where almost all our models would have been eligible for PLI, would you be excited to say that 
our realization of incentives would be close to the right 13% number? Or how should one think 
about that? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
So Jinesh, I'm just outlining the principles that we've clarified on previous calls as well, we 
accrue for PLI incentives after 3 conditions are met: one, the capex condition, and we've been 
delivering the capex condition. Clearly, there's a commitment to deliver INR1,000 crores of 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
capex under PLI over a 5-year horizon with yearly rests, and so we're delivering that. The second 
is domestic value addition for these models have to be 50% plus. And the third is that the vehicle 
has to be certified by the testing agency, which in our case is ARAI. If these 3 are complied 
with, and we get the certification, we start to accrue for sales. That has been the principle that 
we've adopted in the previous quarter and continued into the current quarter. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. Sir, my question was, given that in 2Q, not all the models would have been eligible 
considering the timing differences of approval now that way. Would it be fair to say that 3Q 
would be the first quarter where we have seen a complete benefit of PLI coming in 3Q and in 
turn EBITDA breakeven and EBITDA positive for the EV portfolio is also aided by that? Or 
there can be further tailwind because of PLI in coming quarters? That's my question. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Yes. I think Jinesh, because I might tell you that the current quarter PLI will be applicable in all 
models because clearly, it might have been a continuous set of models. When we come in with 
a new model, then there's lead time. But there's a competitive context, we might have to forgo it 
for point of time. So, it's hard for me to give you a comment at the moment because it will not 
necessarily play out across all quarters as a uniform practice. What you should really consider 
is the fact that we are accruing for it as certifications are coming in. Lead times for certification 
are getting a lot better. And therefore, that provides some comfort in terms of when we start to 
accrue.  
The improved profitability of the electric portfolio, let me restate, is coming in on a few counts. 
One, because electric three-wheelers is now growing scale and that the profit pool for that is 
meaningfully covering for the drag that is happening on Chetak, right? So that's the first. The 
second is between the cost reduction, if I'm now looking at over a full year, the impact I said 
was neutral because fundamentally, cost reductions that have happened across the electric 
portfolio, along with the accruals of PLI have funded for entirely competitive pricing and the 
expansion that we have made of the portfolio between last year and now. So that's really what 
has led to it. And that's the reason why I mentioned to you that with the growing pool of electric 
three-wheelers, we move from a situation of where we registered an overall cash loss same time 
last year. That has now moved to a marginal profit in the current quarter. 
 
If you recall, our last comment was that we had broken even on the E two-wheelers plus three-
wheelers portfolio put together. I'm now telling you that from a breakeven situation, we have 
moved to a marginal EBITDA positive situation. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And my second question pertains to the availability of finance on the ground, some of the 
banks and NBFCs are highlighting increase in delinquencies on unsecured portfolio, including 
two-wheeler financing. Are you seeing any stress on the ground level, I mean, for the 30% of 
the financing which happens through your partners? Are you seeing any signs of that? And can 
that be a red flag from the demand recovery perspective or demand perspective in the domestic 
market? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Well, we can only comment on the experience we are getting through Bajaj Auto Credit, because 
there we have all the information. And I can tell you that it's been an outstanding performance, 
because we are experiencing almost 98.5% performance in what we call bucket X which means 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
when the payment is due, whether it is collected. So almost 98.5% of payments are being 
collected as and when they're due. And in the balance also the delinquency is very, very 
marginal. But yes, we are aware that this kind of information is there in the market. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And lastly, has our financing penetration also moved further because of Bajaj Auto Credit 
or what would it be like now for us? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Well, it is not as if the presence of Bajaj Auto Credit has suddenly jumped up the financial 
penetration in our case. You will recall that we had a very successful collaboration with Bajaj 
Finance Limited, which is doing an outstanding job in all our counters. 
 
And that change has gone up seamlessly. And therefore, the penetration at an overall level 
remains the same. But yes, what has happened is that because of perhaps the own issues with 
some of these financing companies are facing, the market share of Bajaj Auto Credit Limited 
within financing has increased. That has now gone up to 70%-odd, which used to be 60%-odd, 
let's say, a couple of years back for BFL. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. Great, sir. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Vipul Agrawal from HSBC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. Sir, my question is on the export side, like you mentioned 
that you are seeing a strong recovery in African markets, especially in Nigeria. So what are the 
key drivers which is driving the growth over there? And is it sustainable? Or is it, again, will be 
dependent on availability of dollars over there? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
I did not say a very strong recovery. I said there is recovery and Africa is back into the positive 
growth zone. The strong recovery, etc., is in places like Latin America and ASEAN. But see, 
what is driving the recovery is that ultimately there is a huge requirement for people to move 
around. Public transport is not available. As you know, motorcycles are used as taxis. There's 
no personal use of motorcycles. It's probably 1%, 99% use case is taxi for people to just climb 
on to the motorcycle and go from point A to point B. That's a very fundamental requirement. 
And that continues to grow as the population grows and as economic activity also picks up 
people start moving around, go for jobs, etc. 
 
So that is very much there. It gets interrupted by macroeconomics, particularly on the currency 
side. When there is devaluation, it leads to the prices increasing and that makes it more difficult 
for new customers to come in and buy motorcycles. So, we have to watch that because I don't 
think we are out of the woods. We are in positive growth territory, but I wouldn’t say that we 
are completely out of the woods. Let's see what is the kind of currency system we will experience 
in the next few weeks and months. A lot depends on the stability in that area. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Sure. Thanks for that. My second question pertains to entry level motorcycle like we have seen 
your commentary in last 2, 3 quarters around that you were not very aggressive on entry-level 
segment. Does it have something to do with the OBD II price hike, which actually impacted a 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
lot on the entry-level segment during April 2020, the BS-IV to BS-VI? So are we expecting a 
strong price hike in the entry level again on the 2 norms? Or it will be a nominal price hike? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
So, our focus on the 125cc+ segment is led mainly by the kind of value opportunity and margin 
opportunity which we see in the top half of the segment. Secondly, we feel that the ability to 
gain share through product differentiation. Those degrees of freedom are much higher in the top 
half. In the bottom half, there is a very adverse competitive ratio, plus the degrees of freedom 
become much less in the sense that there are not many points on which we can differentiate and 
to be honest, we have tried many things. We have tried to give tubeless tires and digital consoles 
and even ABS. But these have all met with limited success, because the customer’s need over 
there is price and simple product, and it becomes difficult to differentiate. So the combination 
of relatively less margin opportunity and tighter degrees of Freedom to differentiate has driven 
us to undertake a strategy, which was 125cc+ zone. 
 
And in any case that goes with the grain of the wood, the tailwinds are with that segment in any 
case. So it is not to do with BS-IV, BS-VI, OBD 2A or 2B. Those things have to be tackled as 
we go along, and that is irrespective of this segment. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Noted sir. Thanks for that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS Group. Please 
go ahead. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Yes sir. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Sir, a couple of questions. On the cost side, we seem 
to have had like a flat line of other expenses and employee costs on stand-alone basis. While on 
consolidated basis, there's been a sharp jump. So, I just want to understand what are the big cost 
elements that are sitting outside of the standalone numbers, which are sitting in the consolidated 
numbers? 
 
And also, if you can just explain how are you managing cost, especially given it's the festive 
season, marketing costs are elevated, there have been promotion scheme. So just if you can help 
us understand the data there. That will be my first question, sir. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
So Pramod, the first piece is that the difference that you're seeing between stand-alone and 
consolidated, essentially represents for the most part, manpower or employees that we are 
building up for BATL, Bajaj Auto Technology Limited, which is the technology or research arm 
that Rakesh just spoke about and give you a flavor of what we're doing. 
 
So we're clearly sizing up that organization to be able to invest behind absolutely cutting-edge 
technology and research. And the other is the fact that we have obviously sized up another set 
of people for Bajaj Auto Credit. So if you're looking at employee cost in isolation stand-alone 
and consolidated, the big 2 will really come from those 2 organizations, which are relatively 
new. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Pramod Kumar: 
Dinesh thanks a lot for that. Just a clarification. So a lot of these investments related to EV and 
future technologies are sitting on that particular subsidiary, while we are booking the PLI and 
other bits on the stand-alone entity, is that understanding right? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
No. So, 2 parts, and you heard Rakesh make a mention of that. The current PLI, etc., is being 
booked at Bajaj Auto. All sales are booked at Bajaj Auto because you know that over a period 
of time, we've consolidated everything in the parent entity, which has always been the case, but 
for the very brief period when we had sales from the other subsidiary. But for the most part, all 
revenue, all costs insofar as it pertains to electric sits in Bajaj Auto. We are now sizing up Bajaj 
Auto Technology Limited, really to deliver technology, which will start to be captive. So they 
will really start to size up their operation, start to expand it. And fundamentally, what Bajaj Auto 
will do is that Bajaj Auto will either end up paying for services rendered by BATL or pay for a 
royalty where BATL owns the IP that is essentially the operating model. 
 
So, in whichever case, whether it is the cross charge for BATL when it serves in the role of being 
a service provider or when it provides technology for which the IP is owned by BATL, the cost 
for that will be borne by Bajaj Auto. The cost, like I said, could be either cross charge, which is 
project-specific project related or will end up being a royalty stream for the IP. So that essentially 
means that all costs pertaining to the electric business eventually will be born and accounted for 
in Bajaj Auto. What you will see in BATL will be a separate set of financials that will run 
essentially between the expenses that they incur to deliver the services and the revenue that they 
will earn from Bajaj Auto through the cross charges and through the royalty stream. 
Pramod Kumar: 
I guess that business will eventually be separated because otherwise, it's the extended R&D arm 
of Bajaj Auto for all practical purposes. Most of the companies are running it in-house. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
I don't want you to take away saying that essentially revenues being booked over here and cost 
is being booked over there. That is absolutely not the case. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Yes. Understood. And is it a future plan for monetization, you see a potential monetization event 
here because this can be also sold to other companies like KTM and your other partners. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Well, very early thinking. I think there's clearly a job to be done to be able to really both conceive 
and deploy technology for our own captive portfolio and there's enough of an ask on hand on 
that. So, let's stick to the near term, which is a priority for them to feed the captive business on 
both electric and next-gen tech, which is for us. Future opportunities across subsidiary 
companies will always open up for conversations when relevant. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Yes. And second bit, which I think was part of the first question was the expenses line item on 
other expenditure being flat lined despite the festive season. Typically, you see expenses rise for 
everyone. And then as Rakesh will be answering that, just a further question to Rakesh, on the 
market share thinking because despite EVs, the ramp-up and the kind of success we had in EVs, 
which is phenomenal, we haven't seen the gain percolate down to the ICE side for whatever 
reason, right? And our ICE market share is now precariously closer to 10%, 10.5% on VAHAN 
when you deducing the numbers from VAHAN. So I just want to understand what is the thinking 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
there because at some level, these kind of low market shares and underperformance versus the 
industry starts hurting the dealer franchise? 
 
While we as an organization are doing very well on exports and product lines and three-wheelers 
and everything. But what's the thinking there as to how do we kind of get back the market share 
going higher and benefit from the electrification trend as well? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Well, on the market share, as I explained in my opening statements, first of all, we are very 
focused on the top half of the industry, and I have been talking about it earlier as well as in this 
call. With our number 2 position, I just wanted to clarify one thing, that there is no dealer 
viability issue. We are growing the dealer network as we want. We have a very healthy dealer 
network and dealers are, in fact, becoming increasingly engaged. We are finding within the 
dealer network, huge interest to undertake expansion programs for Triumph and for exclusive 
Chetak stores. So, operating with this kind of a focus doesn't bring into question any dealer 
viability issues. We've got some 650 dealers with almost 1,500 branches and showrooms and 
almost 3,000, 4,000 ASDs, secondary dealers, which is pretty adequate. And then in addition, 
we have the KTM, Triumph and Chetak network. So that is one point. 
Of course, our main issue is that we must strive for leadership in the top half of the segment, 
which is the 125cc+ segment. There, the performance between quarter 2 and quarter 3 has been 
stagnant. We have not increased our market share over there. And one of the things is that we 
have not participated aggressively in the discounting, and it happens in the month of October, 
etcetera. It was particularly severe, and it is still going on, I have told you, you can check the 
entry-level price, which is INR65,000, which is at an all-time low. Now we have chosen not to 
participate in that. We can participate. If there's any company which has the deep pocket, it is 
Bajaj Auto. But we feel that the profitless growth point always stares us in the face in the 
conference room. So, we have chosen not to participate.  
But we obviously want to expand our market share in the area of strategic focus. And there, like 
I said, we believe that we will do it through a succession of products, rollout post season has 
already started. We have hand it back. So you've seen the N125, which came in, which is a very 
stylistic, youthful 125cc. We have introduced the ABS feature and some of the digital features, 
etcetera, in several of our models. We have upgraded the Pulsar 150 to the Pulsar 160 twin disc 
and soon it will come in as a single disc. So, there is a whole lot of these plays, and then we will 
have some new platforms, so we feel that we are on the right path. We will also need to build 
the Freedom to get us that share in the 125cc+ segment. 
And through the combination of the expanding product portfolio with communication is 
probably going to be the best in the industry. I mean if I look at comparisons of the kind of 
innovation, which is taking place, I would say that it is the best. Now that has to translate into 
shares, etcetera, as we go forward. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And Dinesh, you talked about 1% price increase factor normally for the OBD2B. Does it hold 
good even for the e-carburetor motorcycles in the 125cc portfolio? 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Dinesh Thapar: 
So I think the question you're asking is the 1%, I'd say on the entirety of the motorcycle portfolio. 
Obviously, given realizations of the entry levels being lower, the percentage will slightly will be 
closer to 2%, but I think what you should take away is really 1% on the portfolio from a cost 
perspective, which is what the OBD2 will have to get priced out for. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks a lot, sir. Thanks a lot and wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Sharma from Nomura. 
Kapil: 
Sir, this is Kapil. Can you hear me? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Hi Kapil yes, we can hear you, go ahead. 
Kapil: 
Yes. So sir, just firstly, I wanted to check on the profile of Chetak buyers. Is it a scooter buyer 
that you're seeing coming in? Or is it the motorcycle buyer also moving to scooters? Just some 
perspective on that? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Well, it is largely the scooter buyers. I would say 70% of the buyers would be coming in from 
the scooter cohort. 
Kapil: 
Okay. So for Bajaj Auto, these are incremental customers? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. These are incremental customers. There could be people who are owning a motorcycle and 
sometimes they want second vehicle in the house, and they are choosing. But largely, it is the 
EV and Chetak, particularly, they are cannibalizing scooters, ICE scooters. 
Kapil: 
Understood. Second, I just wanted a perspective on the industry, particularly motorcycle 
industry, I noticed that after the festive season, in particular, sales have been quite slow. Would 
you agree with that? And if you have got any thoughts why that may have happened? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Well, it's a natural phenomenon, isn't it? Like I said, the first half from April to July, the industry 
was growing at 6% and was languishing at about 6%. The 36 days of the season particularly the 
final 18 days of the season had a very high double digit, I mean, high teens growth, which perked 
up the industry year-to-date growth. 
And in the season with the offers, with the communication across categories and with people 
being in the mood as it's an auspicious and cheerful occasion. So sometimes they advance their 
purchases. And it's a very regular phenomenon that post season, the growth rates are muted. So 
we are encountering most of that. And we feel that, therefore, to understand, what is the 
underlying growth, it should not get distracted by the season, and we should take a longer short 
view. When we take a longer short view of September to December or April to December, we 
find sort of a consensus emerging that the growth should be around 6% to 8%. 
Kapil: 
So this is, in your view, temporary ups and downs in demand and you're not reading anything 
on the consumer sentiment side as such, which indicates any kind of slowdown? 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Rakesh Sharma: 
See, compared to the growth rate of the season, obviously, post this thing, the growth rates are 
down because the activity is very minimal post season. But having said that, I would certainly 
say that the growth rate for FY25 is no different from FY24. I mean I would not like to comment 
on 2 weeks or 3 weeks or a month, because one can draw very, very wrong conclusions by taking 
such narrow time horizons. But if one were to take a full year view, I would say that, yes, we 
would have liked it to grow faster this year compared to last year, but the growth rate is very 
similar. 
Kapil: 
And sir, just lastly, on Triumph, if you could make a comment like what is the plan now to drive 
growth over there? We've hit a certain number but it's sort of at a certain level now. So will it be 
more product introductions which are required here? How are you looking at growth over the 
next 2 years or so in this portfolio? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Over the next 2 years, certainly, there will be a slew of new products with very different 
functionality. Yes, Triumph is also steadily moving up. We're now hitting 3,000-plus numbers 
in the month. And it is on the basis of the 3 products, Scrambler and Speed 400 and the new 
Speed T4, which all 3 are doing reasonably well. We will continue this growth organically on 
the basis of network expansion.  
Also, we have to understand it's not as if Triumph is a widely popular and very well-known 
brand. At the end of the day, when you start to go out from the metros into the mini metros and 
the smaller town, Triumph is absolutely a new brand for people. So as the bikes get on to the 
road, as we get some scale there, and communication increases, the brand will also start to come 
to life. So organically, we expect the portfolio to keep growing, then there'll be a little bit of 
network effect because we will continue to expand our network. And over, let's say, 18 months 
or so, certainly, there will be an expansion of the product portfolio. 
Kapil: 
 
 
Thank you, sir. Thanks. And I wish you all the best. 
Rakesh Sharma:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that will be the last question. I'll now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anand Newar, for closing comments. 
Anand Newar: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining on this call. Have a good day. Thank you. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Thank you, everyone. Good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Bajaj Auto Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
