 
                      Nuvoco Vistas Corp. Ltd. 
Registered Office: Equinox Business Park, Tower-3, East Wing, 4th Floor, Off. Bandra Kurla Complex, LBS Road, Kurla (West), Mumbai-400070  
      Tel: +91 (0) 22 67692500 / +91 (0) 22 67692525 | Fax: +91 (0) 22 67692572 | website: www.nuvoco.com | CIN- L26940MH1999PLC118229 
 
 
 
Ref. No.: Sec/160/2024-25 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543334 
Scrip ID: NUVOCO 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: NUVOCO 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor and Analyst Conference Call on the Unaudited Standalone 
and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2024 
 
Further to our letter no. Sec/151/2024-25 dated January 16, 2025, letter no. Sec/156/2024-
25 dated January 22, 2025 and letter no. Sec/158/2024-25 dated January 22, 2025 , please 
find enclosed the transcript of the Investor and Analyst Conference Call held on 
Wednesday, January 22, 2025 on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The same is also being made available on the Company’s website at www.nuvoco.com. 
 
This is for your information and records, please. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
Shruta Sanghavi 
SVP and Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SHRUTA JATIN 
SANGHAVI
Digitally signed by 
SHRUTA JATIN SANGHAVI 
Date: 2025.01.28 16:36:42 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited Q3 FY ’25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. JAYAKUMAR KRISHNASWAMY – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. MANEESH AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION LIMITED 
MS. MADHUMITA BASU – CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Q3 FY ’25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
We must remind you that the discussion on today’s call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that the Company faces. 
The Company assumes no responsibility to publicly amend, modify or revise any forward-
looking statements on the basis of any subsequent development, information or events or 
otherwise. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0”on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Madhumita Basu – Chief Investor Relations. Thank you 
and over to you. 
Madhumita Basu: 
Thank you, Yashashree. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining our 3rd Quarter 
of Fiscal 2025 Conference Call. 
Let me start by briefly discussing the broader macroeconomic landscape linked to cement 
demand, followed by a review of our performance and the key events for the quarter. 
As you were aware that during first half of the fiscal year, macroeconomic environment remains 
challenging, and India’s growth rate turned out to be much lower than anticipated due to 
deceleration in industrial growth and CAPEX. However, high frequency indicators available so 
far suggest that,the slowdown in domestic economic activity bottomed out in Q2 FY ‘25 and has 
since recovered gradually, aided by festive demand and pickup in rural activities. A record Kharif 
harvest and increase Rabi sowing have contributed to a reasonable performance in agriculture 
and allied activities, leading to an improvement in the rural economies fortunes.  
Meanwhile, India continues to be the fastest growing major economy. Although GDP growth 
has moderated to 6.4% for FY ‘25, primarily due to lower CAPEX by Center and States in the 
first half of the fiscal, the real GDP growth for Q1 FY ‘26 is projected at 6.9% and Q2 FY ‘26 
is projected at 7.3%. 
The Union Budget for FY ‘26 scheduled to be presented in February is expected to prioritize 
infrastructure development. Economic experts project a 30% increase in the infrastructure 
allocation, reinforcing the sectors critical role in driving economic growth. All this augurs well 
for cement demand going forward.  

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Moving on, let me first spend some time on the key milestone that the Company achieved in the 
recent period: 
Friends, we became a successful resolution applicant for Vadraj Cement Limited, which is 
undergoing a corporate insolvency resolution process. And accordingly, Letter of Intent has been 
issued. Filing with NCLT has been done and approval to the Company’s resolution plan is 
expected within eight to nine months. Asset wise, Vadraj Cement has a 3.5 million tonnes per 
annum clinker unit in Kutch and a 6 million tonnes per annum grinding unit in Surat. Both are 
equipped with equipments from top quality manufacturers. Production from the facility is 
targeted to start from Q3 FY ’27.  
The acquisition offers a valuable buy at sizable growth opportunity being available at a highly 
competitive cost of approximately $60 per tonne, compared to the recent high acquisition cost 
in the industry. By acquiring Vadraj Cement, the Company is poised to reach 31 million tonnes 
per annum cement capacity by Q3 FY ‘27, with 19 million tonnes per annum in East, and 6 
million tonnes per annum each in North and West. Net-net, this investment follows the 
Company’s drive for growth and diversification. 
With the strategic acquisition, Nuvoco Vistas is set to expand and consolidate its footprint in the 
Western region of the country, becoming the third largest player by capacity across the combined 
geographies of Gujarat and Maharashtra. Additionally, by serving the Western markets from 
Vadraj Cement, the Company would also release much needed capacity to meet the growing 
demand of the Northern markets from its Rajasthan plant, thereby strengthening its competitive 
position across both regions. The acquisition will unlock significant synergies with the Rajasthan 
plant, enabling seamless operations in existing markets, optimizing logistics, and enhancing 
overall competitiveness.  
To reiterate in line with our future expansion strategy outlined in earlier calls, the Vadraj 
acquisition meets the timeline of Q3 FY ’27, and will be achieved at a significantly lower cost, 
reinforcing our commitment to strategic growth.  
Let’s now focus on our quarterly performance, reviewing our progress and discussing our 
outlook for the future.  
In Q3 FY ’25, the Company recorded revenue and EBITDA of Rs. 2,409 crores and Rs. 258 
crores, respectively. Allow me to take a moment to highlight the key factors that contribute to 
these headline figures. Firstly, let me touch upon the volume growth of 16% Y-O-Y to 4.7 million 
tonnes in Q3 FY ‘25. Following the challenging conditions in H1 FY ‘25, demand conditions 
showed improvement in Q3 FY ‘25. In response, the Company undertook several initiatives to 
drive strong volume growth during the quarter. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
However, cement prices in our key markets plummeted in the month of October and November 
and remained subdued for the major part of the quarter. Price improvement was observed only 
towards mid-December. Consequently, our realization was impacted during this period. The 
positive news is that price improvement has been observed in the market. We remain optimistic 
that sustained demand recovery will continue to support prices moving forward. 
I would now like to give an overview of the quarter’s performance, specifically focusing on key  
cement cost elements: 
Power and fuel cost per tonne were reduced by 6% quarter-on-quarter. The Company has reached 
the lowest blended fuel cost in the last 13 quarters at Rs. 1.45 per million cal. I would like to 
emphasize that Nuvoco’s power and fuel cost continues to be amongst the lowest in the industry.  
On the raw material side, Nuvoco continues to be better placed due to its long-term slag supply 
agreement. Distribution cost per tonne declined by 3% quarter-on-quarter due to efficiency in 
operations. On cost efficiency program Project Bridge 2.0 is on track, delivering a reduction 
upwards of Rs. 50 per tonne YTD.  
Turning to our balance sheet: 
Net debt as of December 31st, 2024 stood at Rs. 4,350 crores, reflecting a year-on-year reduction 
of Rs. 183 crores. This demonstrates our consistent effort towards effective debt management. 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis net debt further declined by Rs. 151 crores, mainly driven by 
release of working capital. The Company stays on course, with its objective to bring net debt 
below Rs. 4,000 crores to support our future investment.  
Cement demand: 
The cement industry has witnessed a recovery following a challenging first half of fiscal ‘25. 
After grappling with subdued demand, the industry’s showing signs of improvement driven by 
improved market dynamics. Going forward, we believe a key driver to watch out for would be 
pick up in unspent capital expenditure at both center and state level. As of November 2024, the 
Center has Rs. 5.97 lakh crore in pending CAPEX, while States have Rs. 5.34 lakh crore CAPEX 
spending to be executed. 
Region wise, in Eastern states, including states of West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh 
and Orissa, pending states’ CAPEX on an average is upwards of 65%. This implies significant 
potential for increased infrastructure activity in the coming months and thereby acting as a 
catalyst for cement demand. Additionally, rural housing demand is poised for growth, supported 
by a healthy monsoon. Improved agricultural income and favorable rural economic conditions 
are expected to drive construction activities, further boosting the industries outlook. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
With respect to our Ready-Mix and MBM business, focus on innovation continues. In Ready-
Mix business, Concreto UNO Concrete launched in FY ’25 is gaining traction across different 
markets. The MBM business introduced three new products, Tile Adhesive T5, Tile Glitter and 
Tile Bonder under the brand ZERO M to strengthen the product portfolio. Additionally, tile 
adhesive, construction chemicals and cover blocks continue to witness improvement in sales.  
On the sustainability front: 
Our commitment to sustainability is a fundamental part of our operations, reflected in our 
leadership in low carbon emission. The audited emission rate for FY ‘24 stands at 457 kg CO2 
per tonne of cementitious material, which is amongst the lowest in the industry. We believe our 
ongoing sustainability efforts will consistently deliver value to all our stakeholders, including 
the communities we impact. 
With this, I conclude my opening remarks. I am joined here by Mr. Jayakumar Krishnaswamy – 
Managing Director, Nuvoco Vistas; and Mr. Maneesh Agrawal – Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company. We are here together to answer your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. We will now begin 
the question-and-answer session. We will take our first question from the line of Naveen 
Rameshwar Sahadev from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Naveen Sahadev: 
Sir, my first question was with respect to Vadraj Cement. So, if you can just help us understand 
that you said it's going to take about, I mean, in the initial comments madam did mention that it 
will take about eight to nine months for the deal to get consummated. So, if you can just help us 
understand, once the approval is received, what is the bullet payment that will be due to the 
process or to the banks, consortium of banks in general? And thereafter, how do we plan to spend 
the balance payment? As I understand, you are mentioning the acquisition at about $60, so 
roughly give or take it's more close to Rs. 3,000 crores or so. So, if you can just help us 
understand that part, please. Thank you.  
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Thank you very much for this question. As you would all know, Vadraj Cement is based in 
Gujarat. They have a clinker unit in Kutch for 3.5 million tonnes of clinker, and they have a 
grinding unit in Surat for 6 million tonnes. Both these plants were operational when they were 
shut five, six years ago, and then on they have been in idle condition. And finally it came through 
the IBC(Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code) route. And we successfully bid for it, and as 
mentioned earlier by Madhumita, we have got LoI in the month of January. So, the bid amount 
was for Rs. 1,800 crores, and the papers have been sent to NCLT now. Subject to the approval 
of the honorable court, which should take eight to nine months, the payment will happen 
subsequent to that.  

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
And then on, based on the due diligence and the various assessments we have carried out in the 
two sites, we have a range of spend from Rs. 900 crores to Rs. 1,200 crores. So, which should 
be the money needed over a period of 18 to 24 months to make the assets fully operational. 
However, we target to operationalize one mill initially and then the clinker line, and then the 
CAPEX would be for a period of 18 to 24 months. So, we are looking at Rs. 1,800 crores of 
payment post the court approval, and then on another Rs. 900 crores to Rs. 1,200 crores over a 
period of the next 18 to 24 months. So, that's how it is. By around quarter three this year that's 
when, subject to approval of the court, that's when the payment will happen.  
Naveen Sahadev: 
Thank you. And sir, my second question then was about, how confident are we of the balance 
payment, as you said initial payment is Rs. 1,800 crores, which is the bid amount, but Rs. 900 
crores to Rs. 1,200 crores. So, just wanted to get a sense that have we got, what do you say, some 
sort of assurance or guarantee from the initial equipment manufacturers? Because we would 
appreciate that this plant was not operational for quite some time, of course you would have 
looked into it, but my only simple question is, if there is a guarantee some sort of with the original 
equipment supplier that it will not exceed this range of Rs. 900 crores to Rs. 1,200 crores. Thank 
you so much. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Obviously, when we bid for it, so we have done our homework and that's how we kind of 
participated in this entire bidding process. So, we have fairly elaborate and detailed assessment 
of both the sites. So, we have personally visited the site along with the OEMs. As you would 
know the lines are all best European machines. You have an FLS line and Loesche mill, and rest 
of all the stuff is as per the best OEM, almost all cement companies have this kind of technology. 
Just that these assets have been idle for many years so they kind of have the wear and tear and 
not have been operating. So, that's the X Factor net. But other than that, in terms of assurances 
from the OEMs and the technical assessment guys, we were pretty confident of our ability to 
restart the plant in the timeline which we had in mind, and hence we participated in the bid. And 
that's how we offered and bid at this level of Rs. 1,800 crores to acquire the asset. 
Naveen Sahadev: 
Appreciate. And just one last question, if I may slip in, please. Does this amount, this Rs. 900 
crores to Rs. 1,200 crores also include the captive power plant cost as well? Because I believe 
50 megawatt of power plant is there, but currently it is not under the JSW Group. So, does this 
cost factor in that cost as well? And are we planning to put in a waste heat recovery? Thank you, 
that’s it from my side. Thanks. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes, the CPP cost at Kutch is not part of the deal, so we are currently working on to work out 
what are the modalities of it. So, it's not part of this Rs. 1,800 crores, plus Rs. 900 crores to Rs. 
1,200 crores. It will be above this, the CPP will cost us more than this. 
Naveen Sahadev: 
And waste heat recovery is something that we will contemplate at the later stage? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: I am sorry. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Naveen Sahadev: 
I am saying, sir, are we planning to incorporate a waste heat recovery plant as well given the 
kiln size? Or not required since the grinding unit is too far? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: We will do, but it will be on Phase-2 and not the day we start the line. However, the Rs. 1,200 
crores does include the cost of WHRS. 
Naveen Sahadev: 
Great. That's what I wanted to confirm. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jashandeep from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Jashandeep Chadha: 
Sir, my first question is on volume. I mean, you have a reported strong volume growth. Just 
wanted to understand from the East market side, so how has the market performed this quarter? 
And how are you looking at the fourth quarter and FY ‘25 in terms of volume? And adding to 
that also, sir, how is the volume mix between East and North? And have you seen more of non-
trade this quarter? Just want some clarity on that, sir. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes. As Madhumita mentioned, after Q2 and with the ending of monsoon as well as festive 
season, demand did pick up in both the markets of East and North, and we did fairly well double-
digit growth in both the markets in both the North and East. And we certainly grew ahead of 
market in both the places. Our trade volume certainly picked up. And one of the reasons is also 
the base effect. But in general, we were able to get our volumes in Orissa, Chhattisgarh, 
Rajasthan, Western MP, these were the markets where we did quite well. We had a broad based 
growth both in trade and non-trade, and certainly we maintained our value strategy, our premium 
product percentage continued to be at 39%. And that's the focus. Always I have mentioned in 
the call that we will never run behind volume compromising on value. We did get our premium 
product number of 39% as well as the volume in both the market.  
And as Mita mentioned, the only wet blanket in this quarter was prices kind of went to probably 
three years low in East as well as North, and that had a significant impact in the realization bit. 
But the positive note I always look at is around middle of December, I think we took price rises 
in both the markets as well as East and North, and certainly things looked up for us end of 
quarter. Since the question on this will come later, I just want to inform you as well that the 
December end realization was 6% of the quarter realization. So, we ended the quarter very 
strong. And as we enter January with this backdrop of volume growth, with the backdrop of 
focus on premiumization and also overall improvement in realization, I think we are on a very 
strong wicket as we enter quarter four. 
Madhumita Basu: 
An additional data point, Jashandeep, to answer your question, our trade percentage share 
remained at 71% for Q2 and Q3. 
Jashandeep Chadha: 
Thank you for that, ma’am. And just touching upon realization before I ask my second question, 
sir, our blended realization seems to have dropped around 5% quarter-on-quarter, which is 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
slightly more than what we saw during our channel checks. Just wanted to understand is there a 
drop in RMC realizations also? Or if you can just give me how much your cement realizations 
have declined quarter-on-quarter that would be great. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Cement realizations dropped Q-on-Q by 3.6%. But as I mentioned, we ended the quarter with 
December exit realization of 6% over the quarter average. So, I guess the reported number in 
quarter and end December is 6%, so we have kind of overcome the realization drop of 3.6%, on 
top of it we have grown. So, I think we entered January on a strong wicket with good momentum 
behind us in terms of volume, focus on trade premium. So, that's where we look. Q4, we are 
very well placed. 
Jashandeep Chadha: 
And just last question on this, I mean, in about six months we might be seeing Rs. 1,800 crores 
cash outflow, then another Rs. 1,200 crores cash outflow. So, how do we see net debt, how 
should the market look at your net debt? How will their trajectory grow? Are you looking to take 
more borrowings, are they expected to increase? I mean, if you can just give clarity on how your 
net debt will be, let's say, by the end of FY ‘26, just trajectory wise, that that would be great, sir. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes, I will answer it in little bit of detailed one so that I think almost all aspects get covered. In 
all of our calls in the last few years we have maintained that we would be comfortable having a 
debt level of Rs. 3,500 crores to Rs. 4,000 crores. And around that time is when we will kick 
start the next growth plans for the Company. And even in the last investor’s call I had answered 
a question from one of the analysts where I had mentioned that we will start of the next expansion 
with the Company either in Q1 or Q2 of FY ‘26. So, that's the position we had three months ago, 
six months ago.  
And one of the principal endeavors of the Company was to pare down the debt from the IPO 
times till now. And very happy to report that from December ‘21, as is mentioned in the investors 
deck, you would have seen in the presentation, our December ‘21 debt level of the Company 
was Rs. 5,495 crores, and comparable December ’22, December ’23, December ’24, this number 
has moved from Rs. 5,495 crores to Rs. 5,165 crores to Rs. 4,533 crores to Rs. 4,350 crores. 
Every comparable quarter ending we have been paring the debt all the time. And the trajectory 
certainly gives us confidence that by the time we finish this year, we would be Rs. 4,000 crores 
and thereabouts will be the debt level, and that's our committed number to make the next 
investment.  
That is the backdrop of either through Vadraj or through own growth in brownfield expansion. 
We never envisaged Vadraj three months ago, six months ago. But certainly we were very clear 
that Nuvoco will start this expansion plan the moment we hit our internal target of Rs. 3,500 to 
Rs. 4,000 crores of debt level. And in between Vadraj happened, and then we did a cost benefit 
analysis of the value by Vadraj as well as our own investment. We found the Vadraj being very 
economically attractive for us, and hence we went for it and then successfully bid for it.  

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
And the benefits of Vadraj, Madhumita are very well explained, that it gives us a growth 
opportunity in North where we can release capacity and go participate in North more 
aggressively going forward. Plus, it gives an opportunity for us to go in the West. 6 million 
tonnes in North, 6 million tonnes in West, 19 million tonnes in East, overall, 31 million tonnes, 
consolidated we will continue to be the fifth largest player. 
The question you asked about, how do we kind of fund this deal. So, here we are currently in 
the process of working out the modalities. Suffice to say, we are mindful of the debt levels in 
our balance sheet and I just want to assure the investors that as we do the financing for this deal, 
which will takes minimum six to eight months, since NCLT is itself going to take that much 
amount of time, we are mindful of the debt and will ensure that all the covenant conditions of 
NVCL are always met. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
I had a few questions on Vadraj, and then one on the quarter. So, on Vadraj I just wanted to 
understand some capital allocation perspective. The Company has Rs. 4,000-odd crores of net 
debt. Sitting outside, we would imagine that between brownfield expansion in North and this, 
given the situation, given the debt on the balance sheet, the less risky option would be brownfield 
expansion in the area you already know, the asset you already know. This one is an asset which 
is unknown in a way to you, the entire sea logistics, operating jetty, a very different model, going 
into an unknown territory to some extent. So, just wanted to understand from capital allocation 
when you are looking at this investment and you are evaluating at this stage, why now? And just 
not the acquisition itself, at the stage where you are, why did this make more sense versus 
brownfield expansion? That is the first question. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Let me just take that question, Satyadeep. First of all, I guess, we have been in the industry for 
many years and certainly we have the requisite knowledge to start a plant, put up a plant, expand 
a plant anywhere in the country. So, I guess, we have got a good set of people, good teams, so 
that the confidence arises from the fact that we have a wonderful bunch of people who will be 
able to do it. But having said this, certainly as you mentioned that there is always this jetty 
element which we do not have experience, plus also it is going into a new territory. 
Let me address the first question of new territory. Already we sell close to 1 million tonnes in 
Gujarat. So, expanding from 1 million to 2 million and above in a span of a year and half will 
certainly happen. But this capacity of 6 million is not going to be consumed in one or two years, 
it will take probably three to four years for us to consume this capacity. And as we ramp up the 
capacity from this asset, the Chittor and the Nimbol facility which we currently use to feed 
Gujarat will get reused in Rajasthan, Haryana and beyond, and also with the Bhiwani grinding 
unit we are very nicely placed to go up North to grow in that side of the country. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Coming to the jetty bit, yes, I acknowledge the fact that we currently do not have experience in 
jetty operations, but we are mindful of the fact. We will bring onboard the experts who know 
how to operate a jetty and manage a jetty. And they will come on board pretty early in the 
journey, so that by the time we start this expansion work, we would have a wonderful team of 
expert jetty operators who will be onboard, and that's how we plan to address this issue. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Wanted to ask a follow-up on this jetty situation. If I look at, the only two players I can think of, 
and maybe you can correct me if I am wrong, is UltraTech when they acquired the Sewagram, 
they were already operating in that area; and then largely Ambuja. But barring that, I am not too 
sure of too many players being successful. Many players have tried this entire coastal movement 
and nobody I can think of has been successful. Maybe I just want to understand, when you 
evaluated different case studies and how they played out, what do you think went wrong for 
some of the players and where do you think you can replicate what UltraTech and Ambuja have 
been able to do and maybe others have not been able to do? Why do you think what gives you 
confidence that you can do what these two players have done? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Okay. Quick one, Satyadeep. Obviously, we have done our internal homework. Obviously, we 
have not ticked all the boxes when we have gone. Suffice it to say that with the knowledge which 
we have and the expertise we acquire in the organization, we would be able to address the issue. 
That is the first point I want to make. And in terms of the people who have been successful in 
that region, obviously, the place where we operate there are a couple of other neighbors.  
In fact, the topography of the place is in such a way that the ocean depth and the estuary mouth 
and all are going to be shared between us and the other two players. But then we have come to 
this Porbandar, then you come to Gir area, Namreli area, and you go to Saurashtra area, then you 
got three, four more cement companies who have got clinker as well as cement movement. 
People have tried, some of them have been successful, some of them have not been successful.  
We are running a Company and we are pretty optimistic that we will be able to learn and operate. 
We have got time. It is not like tomorrow morning I need to operate the jetty. Starting now, NCLT 
takes few months from now, six to eight months, and then another 12-odd months for the plant 
to come. We have got time from now till the end of next year, so that's where we plan to build 
capability in the organization to try it out, bring in reputed people to make this work.  
In terms of lessons learnt, too early for me in this call to tell you what are all the potential lessons. 
But I promise you that in a quarter from now, two quarters from now, once we gain knowledge, 
I would be able to share with you our plans. And then at that time I would be much more 
competent to answer your queries. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Thank you. Just one clarification on this, is it a fair-weather port or an all-weather port? 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: No, it is a fair-weather port, certainly in the pre-monsoon months of May, June, and July. So, 
normal recommendation is it cannot move. So, it's factored in our plan. So, we would either, 
there is adequate space in the Surat facility to store. We have done some calculations, technically 
we need to store about 2 lakh tonnes of clinker, and we plan to have capacity to store that kind 
of clinker to manage the pre-monsoon area. Otherwise, I guess, we will take an external space, 
some handling cost will increase for those three months, but certainly that is factored in the 
overall plans for the Company. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Just one quick question, last question if I can squeeze on this quarter. Historically, we understood 
the Company was avoiding certain markets where pricing was lower, maybe Chhattisgarh, and 
if I am not mistaken, maybe Orissa or West Bengal, I do not recall. And the idea was quality 
over quantity. And this quarter it seems to be, do we assume that maybe some markets where 
Nuvoco had historically vacated, is entering? There's also been a change in sales team recently. 
So, just wanted to understand is there a change in strategy there of chasing quantity volume over 
pricing? Looking at the numbers, it looks like it. Just wanted to check if that is a wrong 
assumption. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: No, I guess, it's a fair question for you because you are observing a 16% volume growth and I 
guess you will have this in mind, did we change our strategy. I just want to assure you that we 
were always committed to premium products. We pride on our ability to sell premium products 
in the country. I think that's the DNA of the Company and I do not think we will move away 
from the basic DNA of the organization, even in this quarter we have not moved. That is why 
with this 16% volume growth as well, our premium product continues to be 39%. So, obviously 
we grew more in premium products also in absolute volume terms. So, there, there is no 
compromise.  
But certainly, in the previous calls you would have heard that in Bengal and Jharkhand markets 
I think the demand was pretty tepid in the past quarters. I think that opened up a bit and we sold 
more in Bengal, we did sell more in Jharkhand. Chhattisgarh, I guess it's a home market for us. 
So, I would not say there's a strategy shift for us in Chhattisgarh, but I think one of the priority 
areas I have kept for my Company is, we have three factories with IU facilities, and we are equal 
to any of our competitors in that market. Certainly, we would like to play aggressive, not as in 
dropping price, but using the proper resources because the contribution margins are highest in 
that market.  
We ran a program called Vijay Chhattisgarh in Chhattisgarh. There's an internal program which 
we deployed, looked into markets which hitherto we did not participate, and hence we 
participated. Even in Chhattisgarh, our microfiber is a premium product. Even microfiber target 
for actual achievement for the quarter was well into double digits. So, I think there again we 
made good inroads. So, in Chhattisgarh, we participated with micro fiber. In Bihar, we 
participated with launching Concerto UNO in Bihar, Bengal and Jharkhand. So, you will see us 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
coming up with top end products which will be higher than the highest priced product in the 
market to maintain our premium position. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Most of bigger questions have been answered, a couple of data points. Lead distance for 3rd 
Quarter, road rail mix, and if possible, fuel mix if you can share. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: We will be able to give you. Quarter three FY ’25, our lead distance is 327 kilometers vis-à-vis 
Q2 number of 330, a 3 kilometers reduction in lead distance. Our road share increased from 60% 
to 64%, I mentioned that we focus more on Chhattisgarh, so road percentage did increase, rail 
share reduced from 40% to 36%. That's how. So, it is 64% road share, 36% rail share, 327 
kilometers lead distance.  
In terms of fuel mix, as mentioned in earlier part of the call, our rupees per million cal for Q3 
stood at 1.45, lowest in the last13 quarters. And out of which linkage coal 1.32, non-linkage coal 
1.3, imported coal a little bit we used too, petcoke at 1.66, AFR was at 1.04. Percentage wise, if 
you want to know, our coal was 42%, pet coke 48%, and AFR 10%. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sorry, AFR was sir how much? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: 10%. Q2 was 8%, Q3 10%, but still lower than Q3 of last year. But we were improving, in Q4 
you will see much more AFR in Q4. 
Shravan Shah: 
And in terms of, sir, from here on the project bridge, last time we were saying that we are looking 
at 75-odd kind of a cost reduction in second half of this year FY ‘25. So, now how much one 
can look at in this Q4, how much more is left? And going forward, in FY ’26-‘27, how one can 
look at in terms of the cost reduction? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: In terms of actual rupees which we will clock in Q4, I can give. At nine months we are at Rs. 
54, I guess with the increase in volumes expected in Q4 and all the programs coming to fruition, 
this number can certainly go up another Rs. 15, Rs. 20. So, that's the number we will have in 
Q4. Our Q4 number could be about Rs. 75, full year number will be a little bit lower than that 
because nine months is at Rs. 54. But the projects which we will certainly continue to do next 
year, the grid integration, power sale, as well as increase in AFR are key program.  
Sonadih railway siding is completed, so we used to do about 3 rakes per day movement of 
clicker. Recently we have moved from three to four rakes, and our target is to move five rakes, 
which would mean that no more of road movement of clinker from Sonadih, everything will be 
by rake movement. Jajpur siding is an advanced stage of completion, so I think the last 100  
meters of track needs to be laid, so it should be ready in the next six to eight weeks. Come Q1 
FY ’26, Jajpur should be on. And the last movement of clinker by moving from the siding which 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
is close to Jajpur into the plant sidings will happen. And also, cement movement from Jajpur 
into South Bengal will also happen through rake. So, those savings will happen from Q1 next 
year. 
Shravan Shah: 
And then in terms of the CAPEX, in nine months how much we have done and what is left in 
the fourth quarter? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: YTD CAPEX this year has been Rs. 299 crores, and I guess in Q4 we are looking at this Jajpur 
and a little bit of sustaining CAPEX which should be close to the tune of another Rs. 50 crores 
to Rs. 60 crores. 
Shravan Shah: 
So, broadly, if I look at Vadraj, Rs. 3,000-odd crores to be spent in ‘26 and ’27, and plus I think 
Rs. 300-odd crores kind of a maintenance every year, so Rs. 600-odd crores. So, Rs. 3,600 crores 
kind of a CAPEX one can look at in FY ‘26 and ‘27. Is it a fair assumption to look at? And also, 
if possible, can  you share what kind of a volume in the Q3 FY ‘27 or Q4 FY ‘27 from Vadraj? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: That will be very difficult, Shravan, to answer in this call. But I am looking at a ramp up. I will 
just give you a number which we are working on. Q3 FY ‘27 is when we are going to be ready 
with the plant. So, I will get one quarter of FY ‘27 and then ‘28 and ‘29. I am looking at a very 
optimistic 1 million coming out of Vadraj in FY ’27, and then it goes to 2 million in ’28, and 3 
to 4 million in ‘29. But however, the sale of the Company will increase because the capacity 
which gets released from Chittor will be sold in North of India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Naveen Sahadev from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Naveen Sahadev: 
In the previous question, sir, you did mention about plans for our volume ramp up, which is 1 
million tonne, 2 million tonne and 3 million tonne in FY ’28, ’29 and ‘30. Is that what you just 
mentioned correct? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: 1 million ’27, ’28 2 million, and then ‘29 3 to 4 million will come out of it. But then that's far 
ahead looking currently right now. But if you look at our Company, I am really looking with the 
kind of volumes we did last year at 18.7 million and then with the kind of Q3 numbers and 
overall forecasting for this year, if I hit a indicative number and give plus/minus 0.1, 0.2 you 
should always keep, I am looking at a 10% growth year-on-year. From next year we should have 
all the way to 21 million tonnes, 23 million tonnes, 25 million tonnes, 27 million tonnes. That's 
the kind of 2 million increase in sales which is the target I am keeping for ourselves going 
forward for the next three to four years. 
Naveen Sahadev: 
Correct. But just from our capacity utilization point of view, I am talking about specifically 
Vadraj here. So, if the clinker is 3.5 million tonnes, it is only a fair-weather port, which means 
one quarter the operations could be impacted. The reason is both Gujarat and Maharashtra are 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
non-trade dominated. So, if I, let's say, broadly assume a 50:50 mix between OPC and PPC in 
that market for a 75% clinker utilization, max what we can extract from this 6 million tonnes 
capacity is about 3.5 million tonnes at its peak. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: That's the way you are looking at the calculation. I will tell you the way I am looking at the 
calculation, we are looking at the calculation. First of all, if it's a fair-weather port, certainly I 
think we will stock clinker. That's how all industries work, even in the East, call for a shut down 
and rest of the moment. I always keep clinkers stock in Q2 and Q3, so that when Q4 comes, 
cement industry is also somewhat seasonal, and then certainly I think every player in the cement 
industry has the ability to stock and use clinker, we will also stock and use clinker.  
So, certainly before the onset of this fair-weather period, we will plan in such a way that the non-
movement of clinker during those months will not impact our cement production. That’s the first 
thing. There will be some impact, I cannot say everything is going to be hunky dory in real life. 
There will always be some gap. So, that's the first thing, clinker will not kind of be a spoil sport 
for me.  
The second thing that comes is, you mentioned about 50:50 OPC and PPC market. I am looking 
at Gujarat market at 40% PPC and 60% OPC. In fact, consider then you have taken 50:50, my 
personal model looks at 60:40. And trade to non-trade ratio is also about 65:35, 40:60 is what I 
have taken. With all these numbers, the kind of volume that will come out of 3.5 million tonnes,  
CK ratio of close to about 1.4, 1.5 will take the overall capacity to close to 5 to 5.2 million 
tonnes.  
But one thing we are very clear is, at this point of time it's 3.5 million tonnes. But our clinker 
line in Risda factory, when we acquired Emami factory came with 10,000 TPD. Today, the line 
has been debottlenecked to take to 12,000 TPD. So, I think we are not looking at 12,000 TPD in 
Vadraj on day one. But I think as we grow the market and we understand the market and ramp 
up volumes, at some stage in FY ‘27 and ‘28, and the debottlenecking which you have done at 
Risda is not like making huge CAPEX, it was about Rs. 100-odd crores kind of a CAPEX where 
we kind of changed the coolers and the blowers and the RPM of the kiln. And then in what you 
call the air circuits and the back filters, that’s how we kind of debottlenecked. We will 
debottleneck this line, it is a copy of Risda kiln. So, we have got good experience with Risda 
kiln, same improvement we will do, take the capacity from 10,000 TPD to 12,000 TPD at some 
stage in the future.  
Madhumita Basu: 
Naveen, we will be happy to engage with you on more details on the mix. Just would like to add, 
our model also factors in the trade market a product like PCC, because there is access to slag 
cement in that market. And one of the lead players has already introduced this product. We also 
see in a period of four to five years there will be substantial demand from sustainability point of 
view on the entire industry. Because as you know, in the Eastern region there is not any 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
predominant cost for staying with OPC in infrastructure. So, changes are there, some of these 
are factored in. And as I mentioned, you may reach out to the investor cell at any time for greater 
clarification on these numbers. 
Naveen Sahadev: 
Thank you so. I really appreciate the clarity of the operations that you have in mind so early in 
the scheme of things, so congratulations on that. My last question is it safe to assume CAPEX 
of roughly Rs. 2,000-odd crores each in FY ‘26 and ‘27? Thank you. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: FY ‘26 and ‘27 CAPEX, it cannot be Rs. 2,000 crores per annum, not possible. 
Madhumita Basu: 
 CAPEX is Rs. 3,600 crores for both years, about 1,800 would be …  
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes, I would spend Rs. 1,200 crores to get the Vadraj rights, Rs. 1,800 crores to buy out is not 
CAPEX, it is financing of the debt, so that cannot be considered CAPEX. The CAPEX will be 
about Rs. 1,200 crores here. And as I mentioned in the previous call, there was a question about 
how we will expand our Brownfield expansion was a question to me last time, and I had 
mentioned that there would not be any major growth CAPEXs in any of our plants in East. It 
will be the sustaining maintenance CAPEX which should be to the tune of about, in fact one of 
the analysts had asked what should be the typical routine CAPEX for the Company? I had 
mentioned, Rs. 300-odd crores will be the kind of routine CAPEX for the Company.  
And hence, with this kind of CAPEX to run the operation and also do Rs. 1,500-odd crores or 
Rs. 1,700-odd crores to set up the brownfield we would be able to fund the CAPEX with the 
internal cash flows and the profitability improvement in the next two years. That's how I had 
answered a question. The same thing holds good, just that the location is changed, the level of 
spend is slightly more, brownfield expansion was much expensive than this expansion. Funding 
of this deal we are working, as I mentioned before. So, I think that's the view we have, over a 
period of two, two and a half years, internal accruals, proper cash flows, improvement in 
profitability should be able to help us fund these CAPEX programs. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Kumar: 
My first question is on your cost, so despite like 4% decline in pricing, unit EBITDA has actually 
slightly expanded quarter-on-quarter, largely implying a very sharp reduction in cost trends for 
this quarter versus Q2. Maybe some of it is operating leverage, but there is a nearly like 200, 
250 plus reduction in the variable cost of the Company. I am including RM, power and fuel and 
freight there. So, is this largely due to the cost saving initiative which you said like a much lower 
number? But is there any one-off there? And do you expect this number to like sort of continue, 
because in past quarter we have not seen such kind of declines on a quarter-to-quarter basis for 
the Company. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: The principal components of cost reduction are of three fold, one is reduction in power cost. The 
number of power cost is lowest in 13 quarters of 1.45, that contributed to the reduction in the 
energy cost for the Company. The second one was a reduction in logistics cost by close to about 
Rs. 50, which comprised of lead distance reduction by 3 kilometers, handling cost reduction by 
about Rs. 20-odd, and also maximum utilization of the Sonadih siding. That was the second 
variable. The third variable cost reduction was coming from raw material cost reduction, which 
contributed about Rs. 50-odd. So, all this certainly contributed to overall variable cost reduction 
for the Company.  
But as you asked a pertinent point, the price drop which happened, or the realization reduction 
simply chewed away all the cost savings which we did. But the positive thing for me is, as we 
ended December, the realization got reinstated by 6% over quarter average. So, what I lost in the 
first two and a half months of quarter, I reinstated by end of December 
Madhumita Basu: 
Prateek, trust we have responded to your query. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Right. Yes, so you were saying that like this quarterly savings and cost are like sort of sustainable, 
and next quarter particularly there will be further benefit of operating leverage. I mean, 
obviously you have talked about a 6% price increase which is like through January, so like not 
looking at forecast, but like a Rs. 300, Rs. 400 swing in EBITDA per tonne in fourth quarter are 
you looking at? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: I guess I cannot comment on your numbers, but certainly I am looking at certainly restatement 
of realisation at the end of December and in January. 
Prateek Kumar: 
My other question is on Vadraj acquisition. So, do you want to see, because we have seen, like, 
some recent events related to that, but do you also see any chances of this deal while we have 
sort of won this acquisition, any reversal on the whole process and deal not going through? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Possible, because recent issues which happened in others, I guess there are various reasons. 
Technically, I guess, if somebody wants to put a spanner on reverse, it is possible. But I do not 
think in terms of the reasons which hampered others’ issue may not be the reason which will 
come for us, because our due diligence was pretty exhaustive and the kind of considerations we 
made were clear. But certainly, I think I cannot rule out any hiccup which may come on the way. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sir I am asking cause for modeling purpose, so we should like sort of look to get more 
confirmation closer to even prior maybe Q2 FY ’26, and then probably want to model it? Or like 
how do we think about the same as, kind of confirm call? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: I will not be able to, because the NCLT process we have filed only two days ago, I guess typically 
it should take optimistically six months, in the worst-case scenario maybe eight, nine months. 
That's the kind of window we are working on. But I think, certainly I think in terms of the 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
modeling and in terms of overall the Company’s outlook for the next four to five years, I would 
certainly suggest you to consider the projections which we have factored. But there is always a 
factor which I do not think we cannot control, but that can happen. I do not think I can comment 
on that. But certainly, the other way I would look at is, in any unlikely event of anything 
happening, our story of expanding through brownfield still holds good, and there we are 
committed to doing the business in North/West.  
Prateek Kumar: 
Yes, that's true. But in other case also that was the case, but there was like a lot of, I would say, 
rather, time based which happened in this whole process of acquisition. So, that was the only 
point I was talking about. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: No, fair. I think you are fairly pretty, I think, right in asking this question. But I think having 
made all the assumptions that went behind this acquisition and having fructified the deal right 
now, I think I would not be in a position to say that whether we will lose out or not, but there is 
always a business risk that is associated with stuff. So, what you are mentioning can be a risk, 
which as a Company which we have gone for it, I will not be able to say that it will happen, it 
will not happen. But we are confident of overcoming the point, but you can consider this if you 
want to. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir, just a couple of questions. One, I think you briefly mentioned upon this, but is there any 
discussion with Arcellor in Surat for slag procurement? And could you sort of launch either 
composite cement or GGBS in Gujarat to sort of create some bit of differentiation? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: There's no any conversation with anybody at this point of time, just that the history of this asset 
when it was set up, whenever it was set up, factored that they would have some tie up with the 
Company, which you mentioned, for slag. And the fact that they are close by and then they 
generate slag, there’s always a possibility. And Nuvoco being a strong player in East with making 
blended cement has the ability to use slag, this opportunity will always be there. But at this point 
of time, there's no conversation going on with anybody. But as Mita mentioned, another player 
has already launched a composite cement in this market. So, as we kind of navigate the next few 
months, we will observe this particular trend very, very closely. And we will plan our strategy 
based on this and formulate our plans based on how the market is picking up this blended cement 
and if there's an opportunity to procure slag from people who generate this slag. 
Kunal Shah: 
And the other bit is, you mentioned in your opening remarks there is a very big shortfall on the 
government CAPEX, especially until November. But just wanted to understand, how is 
December and January sort of spanning out on the ground, are we seeing sort of a robust pickup 
or it still remains sort of moderate? Thanks. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: I think sitting at the beginning of the quarter for me to tell how the market demand, I think it 
will not be appropriate. But certainly, I can vouch for price sticking to the market because that's 
published, that's a number which all of us pick up during trade checks. But I am pretty optimistic 
that Q4 overall demand should improve for industry, and certainly for our Company. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as last question for today. I now like to hand 
the conference over to Ms. Madhumita Basu for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Madhumita Basu: 
Thanks again, Yashashree. To wrap up, I would like to mention a few points. We believe that the 
cement sector is witnessing a promising demand recovery. A huge unspent capital expenditure 
from center and state, and an expected revival in rural housing demand, aided by favorable 
monsoon, provides a catalyst for the cement demand. The price increase observed in the recent 
period continues to sustain, reflecting a positive trend, while sustained demand improvement 
should support prices further going ahead.  
We are confident in our strategy and ability to execute our growth plans with respect to Vadraj 
Cement, which will enable us to consolidate our footprint in the Western region. We are excited 
about our prospects for the future.  
Meanwhile, our strategic priorities will continue to focus on premiumization, geo mix 
optimization, enhancing fuel mix efficiency, strengthening our brand, and maintaining focus on 
cost excellence.  
Prateek, I would just like to add that while we are cognizant of business risk, we repeat we are 
confident in our approach, strategy and actions we have taken on the Vadraj front. Our Investor 
Relations team will remain available for any clarification required. Thank you for being with us 
today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. On behalf of Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
