 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ZAGGLE/24-25/165 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
To 
Listing Department 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai -400 051, Maharashtra 
 
Company Symbol: ZAGGLE 
To 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE LIMITED 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th Floor, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai -400 001, Maharashtra 
 
Company Scrip Code: 543985 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on February 7, 2025 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015 
and further to our letter dated February 04, 2025, please find attached the Transcript of the said earnings 
call on the Company’s operational and financial performance for the quarter ended on December 31, 2024, 
and the same has been uploaded on the website of the Company on the following web-link: 
 
http://ir.zaggle.in/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/earnings-call-transcript-Q3FY25.pdf 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
 
Hari Priya 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl. As Above 
Haripriya
Digitally signed 
by Haripriya 
Date: 2025.02.14 
18:08:46 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited Q3 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
E&OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on February 7, 2025, will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. RAJ NARAYANAM – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – 
ZAGGLE PREPAID OCEAN SERVICES LIMITED  
MR. AVINASH GODKHINDI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ZAGGLE PREPAID 
OCEAN SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. ADITYA KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ZAGGLE PREPAID OCEAN SERVICES LIMITED 

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touch-tone 
phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Dr. Raj P Narayanam, Executive Chairman. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Raj P Narayanam: 
Sure. Thank you. Thank you so much. You know, very good evening to everyone. Thank you 
for joining the Earnings Call for Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited for the 3rd Quarter of 
Fiscal Year 2025. On behalf of the Company, I extend a very warm welcome to all of you.  
On this call, we are joined by Mr. Avinash Godkhindi – Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Aditya 
Kumar, our CFO; and SGA, our Investor Relation Advisor.  
The Financial Results, Press Release, and the Investor Presentation are uploaded on the stock 
exchange and on the Company website. I hope everybody has had a chance to look at it.  
Now, I would take this opportunity to just give you a Zaggle Business Update. 
This has been a milestone quarter for us with multiple accomplishments. I am happy to announce 
our highest performance this quarter and for the nine months ended in terms of revenue, adjusted 
EBITDA and PAT.  
This quarter, the Company reported a healthy growth of 69% with revenues at INR 336.4 crores 
on a Y-O-Y basis. For nine months, the Company exhibited growth of 77% and the revenues for 
the nine months stood at 891.2 crores.  
Our adjusted EBITDA for Q3 '25 grew at 38% on a Y-O-Y basis at INR 31.5 crores. For 9 
months FY '25, our adjusted EBITDA stood at INR 86.6 crores, demonstrating a growth of 48% 
year-on-year.  
The reported EBITDA for Q3 '25 surged to Rs 29.4 crores, increasing by 44% on a year-on-year 
basis, and for the nine months, the reported EBITDA grew significantly by 81% Y-on-Y to INR 
78.6 crores.  

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
The profit after tax for Q3 FY '25 increased by 33% on a Y-O-Y basis to INR 20.2 crores, and 
for 9 months FY '25, our PAT more than doubled to INR 55.5 crores, growing by (wrongly 
spoken on the call it should be read as 123%) on a Y-O-Y basis.  
If you just look at it, I will do a revenue number. Total revenue in Q3 FY '25 was 336 crores 
against Q3 FY '24 of 199.5 crores, showcasing a growth of 69% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA 
31.5 crores in Q3 '25 versus 22.9 in Q3 FY '24, which is 37.6%.  
Similarly, our adjusted EBITDA margin is at 9.4% versus 11.5%. Our reported EBITDA number 
has been 29.4 crores versus 20.4 crores. Our reported EBITDA margin, as we previously have 
told, is about 9% to 10% rate, and that is what we had guided for.  
I also want to highlight and thank all the investors in December 2024we successfully completed 
the QIP of INR 595 crores, and I would like to thank our investors for showing trust and 
confidence in the business. The fundraise is in line with our growth strategy of inorganic 
expansion.  
We are currently very pleased to also inform that we are currently evaluating five targets in the 
spend management and adjacent space, such as merchant card software, payment infrastructure, 
etc. Out of this, two are at advanced stages and moving towards completion at a fast pace.  
As you know, there are various steps to it. You know, there is a term sheet. Then there is a due 
diligence. Then there is a transaction document. And you know, if required we need to you know 
go ahead and take approvals from the statutory authorities. Okay.  
So, in both these cases we are at very, very advanced stage and in due time, which is, you know, 
possibly in the next quarter, we would be able to give you a definitive timeline. We are looking 
forward to, you know, a closure of all these three transactions, you know, in this calendar year. 
We will continually share updates with you on a regular basis.  
With this, I would also like to welcome Mr. Virat Sunil Diwanji to our team as the Non-
Executive Director of the Company. He is a seasoned banker with over 30 years of experience 
in building, managing and growing businesses across assets and liabilities. He has been involved 
with Kotak Group for about three decades in variety of roles. During this journey, he has 
successfully managed the joint venture with international partners like Ford Credit International 
and executed the merger of mid-sized bank ING Vysya.  
He also served as a Non-Executive Director for over 9 years on the Board of Kotak General 
Insurance Limited from its inception stage. His experience across diverse roles and business 
leadership will help accelerate our growth plans in the coming years.  
Now, I want to just give you a little bit of global macro conditions in the spend management 
space. Globally, the spend management space is rapidly evolving with the introduction of AI 

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
powered solution to automatically detect the unauthorized spends and impactful dashboards, 
enabling users to control spend, save time, increase compliance, and improve efficiency.  
We are very proud and pleased to tell you that Zaggle is also using AI and machine learning 
models on multiple fronts. Zaggle's AI-driven chatbot, RazBot, it is called RazBot, has achieved 
a deflection rate of 60%. And we intend to enhance the deflection rate to about 99%. While 60% 
is extremely encouraging, but ideally we would want to move it to 99% plus.  
Deflection rate is the percentage of the queries that the bot is able to resolve by itself without 
any human intervention. We intend to increase the expanse of our usage for our AI bot across 
different product functions and to enable efficient business decision making.  
Travel and expense is an integral and important part of our corporate spend. Zaggle has entered 
into agreements with multiple travel companies such as EaseMyTrip, FCM, Riya Travels and 
recently the TBO Paxes to offer bundled expense and travel solutions to our customers 
facilitating seamless travel booking, payment, reconciliation and filing of the expense directly 
into the GL. We are also building a tightly bundled self-booking tool that will integrate with 
preferred travel suppliers, thus ensuring consistency and cost savings in travel bookings.  
Also want to take a minute and highlight that the current Union Budget 2025 introduced 
important tax reforms aimed at boosting consumption. There have been many questions and 
queries about how does this impact our revenues and profits.  
We want to take this opportunity to clarify that we see very little or no impact of this change in 
our SAVE business, which comprises of employee expense management, reimbursements and 
benefits. The employees in the 5 to 15 lakh salary range only take meal benefits, which form a 
meager 0.48% of our current revenue.  
Incrementally, we see significant demand across our corporate customers for non-tax-dependent 
wallets and payments. We have recently launched a health and wellness wallet for our corporate 
customers. Along with that, we have also launched a cafeteria solution, employee gadget 
solution, etc. We see a significant uptick in the number of wallets in our card to continuously 
increase, and lot of these solutions which we have offered would be lapped up by lot of 
employees within this, you know, corporate.  
Also, to state that, you know, we have not seen any kind of customer complaint or customers 
coming back to us and saying, you know, we want to do away with this particular program. So, 
we have not heard that.  
Simultaneously, I also want to clarify that the OTR, which is the old tax regime, is still 
continuing while we had expected since last two years that the old tax regime would be removed, 
and only new tax regime would be used. But contrary to our belief, it is that they are still 
continuing with OTR, which would be slightly beneficial to us. But as we go forward in our 
business, we really do not want to depend on any tax benefits per se.  

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
Additionally, we have partnered with multiple service providers in areas like financial services, 
healthcare, taxation, et cetera to provide value-added services to over 3 million plus active users.  
We have recently enabled BBPS, Bharat Bill Payment System, on our platform through which 
users can pay their bills directly from the Zaggle app. Zaggle app also allows our customers to 
book FDs and multiple such instruments, and we are able to service them while offering very 
attractive FD rates of up to 9% per annum from various banks.  
Now, I would want to take a minute and explain about the customer updates. We, as you would 
have seen in our filings, we have signed significant marquee clients including Blinkit, Can Fin 
Homes, Mumbai Metro, Hitachi, Mahindra First Choice Wheels, Narayana Hrudayalaya et 
cetera.  
With commerce is gaining prominence in our day-to-day lives, we have also tapped into this 
space, you know, by signing contracts with clients such as Blinkit, Zepto.  
Blinkit has signed up for our BROME, which is one of the most newest offerings from Zaggle's 
fold. It is called Branch Recurring Operating Monthly Expense. It's a solution which is a new 
case within our Zoyer product, wherein corporates or retail brands can effortlessly manage their 
branch, store-level expenses with secure payments, compliance checks, and real-time insights 
for better financial control.  
You know, right now, as we speak, we have hundreds of demos going on on this particular 
solution. And we think that this could be our star performer in the coming year, next year, with 
absolutely zero dependence on any of this statutory or regulatory environment.  
We have a strategic focus on BROME with a goal of deeper penetration within select industry 
segments. Our partnership with Zepto and Blinkit exemplifies this strategy. We are 
implementing an automated bill fetch and utility payment reconciliation system for Blinkit, 
providing comprehensive visibility and control across their 500 dark stores on a unified platform.  
Given our strong performance, we are upping our guidance. You know, previously, if you 
remember the Q1 we had said, you know, we possibly will be growing at about 45 to 50%. Then 
in the quarter, you know, after the closure of quarter 1, we had said that we might grow at about 
50 to 55%. And now we are upping our guidance that we possibly will be able to do in the range 
of about 58 to 63% and this also may be a little bit outdone if the trends are to be seen.  
This is the kind of growth in our top line for FY '25. As we rapidly grow our top line, we continue 
to focus on protecting and growing our margins over time through increased operating leverage, 
enhanced efficiency and cross-selling. Additionally, our focus on new areas of organic and 
inorganic growth with deep profit pools is also expected to contribute significantly to our margin 
expansion in the coming years.  
Thank you. With this, I now hand it over to our CEO, Mr. Avinash Godkhindi. 

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Thank you, Dr. Raj, for your comments. 
Over the years, we have pivoted from a product-based approach to a platform-based approach 
where we provide a bouquet of offerings to our customers to address their multiple requirements 
through our spend management solutions, be it for rewards, expense management, Procure-to-
Pay, BROME, which is our Branch Recurring Operating Monthly Expenses solution, Fleet, 
Forex, and much more.  
The opportunity to digitize business plans through our software solutions bundled with payments 
is a highly accretive opportunity for us. During the quarter, our SaaS fee / platform fee /  service 
fee contributed to about INR 8.9 crores. Our program fees contributed about INR 135 crores. 
Propel Points revenue consisted of 57% of our revenue, which contributed 192 crores.  
It is very heartening to see that Zoyer, which started clocking revenues only in April 2024, is 
contributing significantly to Zaggle's growth. We have achieved high acceptance levels for this 
product amongst our corporate and enterprise customers. We are providing payment solutions 
for Zepto's rapidly expanding network of dark stores and branches, addressing the diverse spend 
needs through our BROME solution.  
Zepto also signed up for Zaggle's SAVE solution to offer their employees expense management 
and benefits for a significant number of their employees using multiple wallets to enhance their 
benefits management.  
Another significant win for the BROME used-case is our partnership with one of India's largest 
retail players to digitize all their store expenses. The solution, once implemented, will be 
deployed across extensive networks of tens of thousands of stores.  
On the fleet side, we entered with an agreement with AGP City Gas, which is Pratham and Think 
Gas and successfully conducted the product launch in December 2024 with thousands of cards 
being issued and hundreds of gas stations being enabled to accept our cards. There are several 
other clients in the pipeline, and we see very good demand and deep profit pools in large 
addressable markets and the fleet payment space.  
Going forward with our platform approach, we anticipate growth rapidly on the back of new 
client additions along with much higher cross-sell in our existing clients. Our partnerships with 
multiple travel partners, such as EaseMyTrip, FCM, Riya, TBO, Yatra, etc., also de-risk the 
travel options and provides numerous choices to large enterprises for our travel and expense 
solution.  
During the quarter, we also announced key collaborations that Dr. Raj spoke about. We have 
signed a significant agreement with Mastercard, which is a seven-year partnership. Under this 
partnership, Mastercard will recommend our software platform and card solutions to their 
corporate customers and other entities like banks and fintechs. Mastercard did an extensive 
evaluation of solutions in the market before inking this partnership with us.  

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
This highlights our capability to provide value to our customers through multiple solutions such 
as expense management. Zoyer, our rewards programs, etc. This partnership is a global 
partnership.  
Further, the much awaited HDFC Bank partnership has come in as a major addition to the list of 
our partner banks. In this agreement, HDFC credit cards will be bundled with our software, 
expense management and employee benefits as well as our Zoyer platform and offered to their 
corporate customers.  
We also strive to build symbiotic relationships, and we believe in partnering with various 
industry players to stitch value accretive collaborations.  
We have entered into a strategic partnership with Strada, which is a large MNC HRMS solution 
provider working with multiple global Fortune 500 companies, wherein they offer the Zaggle 
SaaS and payment products to Strada's clients.  
I am delighted to share that we have won quite a few awards this quarter. Zaggle won the 
“Deloitte Technology Fastest 50 2024 Transformation Tech Award”. We also won the “19th 
Employer Grand Award's Telangana's Best Employer Brand”. Zaggle also won the “Best use of 
Customer Loyalty Program FinTech” at the FINIXX 2024 and the “Best use of Print Ad 
FinTech” at the FINIXX 2024.  
These awards only highlight our ability to go the extra mile and provide value accretive solutions 
to our users and corporate, and we continue to keep the momentum going ahead.  
As always, our endeavor is to provide comprehensive solutions in the spend management space 
and to maximize our reach to new clients and increase our wallet share with our existing clients.  
With this, I now hand it over to our CFO – Aditya, to take us through a Financial Update. Thank 
you.  
Aditya Kumar: 
Thank you, Avinash, and a very warm welcome to everyone on this call. 
I am pleased to share that the Company has achieved another strong quarter of operational 
performance driven by robust and broad-based revenue growth of 69% Y-o-Y basis reaching to 
INR 336.4 crore.  
 
This growth is fueled by healthy expansion across all three revenue streams with program fee 
increasing by 54% Y-o-Y and the Propel platform witnessing a significant 87% sequential 
growth in Q3 FY '25.  
 
The rise in incentives and cashback aligns with business growth, driven by increased rewards 
offered to the client's users for spending through our product offerings. Other expenses have 
risen due to higher sales and marketing costs during the quarter, while employee costs remained 

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
stable sequentially but increased Y-o-Y basis, reflecting the additional headcount needed to 
support business growth.  
 
Our adjusted EBITDA grew by 38% to INR 31.5 crore in the quarter compared to INR 22.9 
crore in the same period last year. The increase in depreciation expenses is attributable to the 
capitalization of new products.  
 
Our cash PAT, which includes net profit along with depreciation and ESOP expenses, increased 
by 34% on a Y-o-Y basis to INR 26.2 crore. Our PAT has increased by 33% compared to 
previous year to INR 20.2 crore.  
 
For 9 months FY '25, our revenue from operations reached an all-time high, recording a 
substantial 77% Y-o-Y growth to 891.2 crore. This was driven by robust expansion in program 
fee, which more than doubled with 110% Y-o-Y increase, along with impressive 62% Y-o-Y 
growth in our Propel platform.  
 
Our adjusted EBITDA has surged by an impressive growth of 48% to INR 86.6 crore.  
 
PAT has more than doubled, rising by 123% Y-o-Y to INR 55.5 crore. Notably, our cash PAT 
has seen significant growth in increasing by 56% to INR 72.0 crore.  
 
During FY '25, we expect to record total ESOP expenses in the range of INR 9 to 10 crore. 
 
With that, I would like to conclude my update, and we are happy to open the floor for questions. 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press "*" and "1" on the touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press "*" and "2". Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ankush Agrawal: 
Yes, hi, thank you for taking my question. Firstly, on the gross margins for Propel, I mean, this 
quarter the margins are now about at 3% even though I think in Q2 we have sort of indicated 
that based on the volume-based discount that we get from merchants, the full-year margin should 
revert to about 7 to 9%, but that hasn't happened. So, your thoughts on… 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Agrawal, but you are not that clearly audible, sir. Your voice is 
sounding very muffled.  
Ankush Agrawal: 
Is it better now?  
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead.  

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Yes, so the question was around the Propel business gross margins. So, this quarter, the margins 
have come down to about 3%, even though in Q2 we have sort of indicated that based on the 
volume-based discount that we will get from merchants, the margins should recover next year 
and over the full year, we should get to about 7 to 9% gross margins for this business. So, your 
thoughts on why we are not seeing any improvement in this business, given that even at 192 
crores of kind of revenues, we are earning about 6% of gross profit on this business. And we 
know that this business requires a lot of capital, right? So, I just wanted to understand what is 
happening in this business.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes, thanks for your question. I heard part of it, but I think I got it. Basically, a lot of the ORCs, 
overriding commissions, are something that come in the Q4. Q3, very small merchants were able 
to cross some of the base thresholds. These are slab structures. So, the real increase in the 
margins, we anticipate to see some of it, we anticipate to see most of it actually in this. quarter. 
And then that's where, you know, that number is looking the way it is.  
Ankush Agrawal: 
But for the full year, do you expect that we will reach that 7 to 9% for the full year?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
It's a little premature for me to comment whether I will absolutely reach there or we will reach 
there or thereabouts, but we will be more or less there or thereabouts somewhere in that range. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Got it. The second question is on the overall cost base. So, the good part about Zaggle now is 
that lower cashbacks is sort of that we have been able to curtail that. You had guided earlier as 
well that over time, as the usage of Zoyer0 increases, we are able to curtail the maintenance 
costs, which has been possible.  
 
But if I look at the other remaining cost base, that has been expanding at quite a rapid pace, even 
though in a business like ours, given that's a platform-based business, the cost base should ideally 
expand at the lower pace versus the revenues, and now we are like sort of the cost base is growing 
at a faster pace than the revenues itself.  
 
So, wanted to understand where is this cost increase happening? Like where are you investing 
because of which this cost base is growing?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
See, I think the cost base in a business, a rapidly growing business like ours, where we are on 
the one side, trying to cross-sell more to existing customers, on the other side, developing 
capabilities like BROME, it's fairly understandable, I believe, that the cost base is going to grow. 
Overall, our focus is on our EBITDA and PAT. And that's growing very healthily. Of course, 
there is always room for improvement, and we want to improve on this in the coming years. But 
investment obviously is happening in building capabilities.  
 
And as I mentioned in my speech, you know, when one of the largest retail chains in India, 
largest conglomerates in India signs you up for tens of thousands of stores for your solution, 
then you don't worry about anything. You just see if the contract is, you know, highly profitable 

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
or doing well, then you deploy or you invest capabilities to be able to make sure that program 
works and for BROME, for example, we have signed so many of these accounts.  
 
I am going to name the ones which we have announced, the Blinkit, the Zepto, the BigBaskets, 
the Dr. Batra, the Berkowits, the Subways. So, you can see that the number of these accounts 
that we have been talking of that these are only a small set of the ones that we have announced 
to the street, right. So, there is a lot of traction there.  
Ankush Agrawal: 
Okay, got it. So, that was helpful. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Manish Ostwal: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions on the business model. First 
question on the, sir, when I am referring to Slide #27 of the presentation, and when look at the 
performance of last 3-4 years, the Company has grown strongly in terms of top line, but in terms 
of operating margins and even the PAT margins, things not playing out in terms of improvement 
of the margin. Basically, the operating leverage is not playing out, but when you talk about the 
platform business, any platform business, the basic fundamental is the operating leverage benefit 
translating into the PAT and the ROCE etc. But it is not reflecting our number. So, can you help 
us apart from the 65% kind of growth we are looking at, when you see your growth converting 
into the higher profit growth also, sir? Thank you. 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Thanks, Manish. I think it's important to understand that the revenue mix has gone through a 
change. The Propel Points revenue that even the previous questioner was asking us, has a much 
lower gross margin profile, right? That line of revenue, we have three lines of revenue, software 
/ SaaS fees, program fees and Propel Point fees. Propel Point fees has grown very significantly 
in the last three years, and that has a much lower gross margin profile, and hence some of these 
metrics may not look as encouraging.  
 
The way we look at it is how was our solution bringing value to our customer, A, and overall is 
our EBITDA and margins growing? We can see operating leverage kick in. It's just that the way 
the accounting Ind AS rules are, we need to account for Propel Points as a gross number.  
Manish Ostwal: 
Okay, sir, and can you guide us in terms of trajectory of our margin in next couple of years where 
we see margins playing out?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
So, we are looking at margins of about 15 to 16% in the next four years. That's something that 
we have already spoken of. And that's what we are aiming towards.  
Manish Oswal: 
And lastly on this recently equity raise which we have done, so what are the areas where we will 
be making the investment, especially in inorganic side? So, can you highlight the areas where 
we are putting our money? 

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
So, we are looking at the areas like the merchant card systems. We are looking at payment 
systems. These are the kind of areas that we are looking at.  
Manish Oswal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday Advisors Limited. Please go 
ahead. Parikshit Kabra, please go ahead with your question. Your line is unmuted. Parikshit 
Kabra? 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Hi, Avinash. Congratulations on a good set of results. I was wondering if it was possible to 
provide guidance separately for your revenue guidance, separately for your two different 
businesses, that is the program fees and the Propel Points, instead of giving a collective guidance 
of 60%.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Thank you, Parikshit. The guidance is very strong on both items, right? Both items are both 
revenue lines are going to grow very healthily. As you can see for the nine months as well, the 
growth on both Propel Points as well as Program Fees has been extremely strong. And even our 
SaaS fees has grown pretty well. So, we are seeing growth across all three lines, especially 
Program Fees as well as Propel Points.  
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. All right, fine. And then, but with the announcements that you have made and the fact 
that, you know, there are even more under the hood, I would have thought that your Program 
Fees should be outpacing the growth of your Propel Points. That's not something that you are 
seeing.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
So, current year, yes, that's going to happen. If you look at the nine-year numbers, I think nine 
month numbers, this has grown at about (wrongly spoken on the call it should be read as 110%)  
Program Fees, right. So, that's higher than Propel Points, and the momentum is very strong.  
Parikshit Kabra: 
All right, great. All right, thanks. Thanks a lot, Avinash.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh Kasliwal from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead.  
Devesh Kasliwal: 
Yes. Good evening, sir, congratulations on a great set of numbers. First question was like, what 
I understand is that the basis of the margin expansion is on the fact of reduction of cash back 
expense as well as acquisition cost. And I think you had mentioned around 33% of the overall 
revenue is cash back currently what you are estimating. So, what can that be over the longer 
period of time? What can it come down to? That was the first question.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
See, the margin expansion would be through multiple ways. Obviously, operating leverage kicks 
in. Obviously, our cashbacks go down over time. We will see a lot of our other costs also go at 
a much smaller, lower pace than our revenues. The acquisitions that we are looking at are highly 

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
EBITDA accretive and they are coming at a great multiple for us. So, those all would contribute 
in expanding margin.  
Devesh Kasliwal: 
Okay. So, a much concentrated question, so if you look at the acquisition and retention cost, 
given the fact that we were trying to get customers with higher revenue potential, it had gone up 
in FY '24 to around 1.4 million, right. So what can that be? Like will that be a consistent number 
now? Or are we expecting that to increase, given we are trying to achieve better customers and 
create a better system for them?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
No, see, every year we keep adding new customers and over time we see that a lot of these 
customers, the amount of revenue that we generate on a per year basis because we cross-sell, 
upsell, there is more deeper penetration for the same product within the organization. You know, 
the quantum of revenue grows disproportionately when comparing with regular inflation et 
cetera, right?  
 
So, that's the benefit of a SaaS business because this sort of business allows you to acquire the 
corporate and then keep generating more and more revenues on a year-on-year basis as long as 
your platform is valuable to the corporate.  
Devesh Kasliwal: 
And sir, the recent partnerships that we had HDFC Bank for the three-year period and the other 
clients like Strada and all, so this will definitely increase the revenue per user that we are getting, 
right, which has already seen a uptick from around Rs. 1,000 to around Rs. 1,066. So, what can 
the limit on that on a yearly basis be? Like can it go to around 2,000, 3,000 basically?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
So, the partnerships will also help in a big day. HDFC, Mastercard, Strada, all these partnerships 
are great partnerships which would add both to our top line and bottom line. It's a little premature 
for us to attribute a certain number saying this is how much we will benefit from these 
partnerships in terms of our per user revenue. But we are very confident that these are great 
names, great companies with great customer bases, and we are very confident that this is going 
to add a lot of value to our top line and bottom line in the coming years.  
Devesh Kasliwal: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinarayan Mishra from Baroda BNP Paribas. 
Please go ahead.  
Shrinarayan Mishra: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, my question was again on the revenue mix. So, 
directionally, in medium term, how do you see the revenue mix and how big can the Propel 
revenue be of the overall pie, let's say, in one or two years?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Sir, we are seeing great growth in all three lines, right? But in the next two, three years, we see 
our Program Fees grow at the fastest pace because there is a lot of traction there. And then, of 
course, SaaS is very critical for us, and that's growing healthily as well. Propel Points continues 
to grow. There is a lot of momentum in the ecosystem there. So, that's also growing. So, hard 

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
for us to say how the mix would look in the next two, three years, but we definitely believe that 
Program Fees would be growing the fastest.  
Shrinarayan Mishra: 
So, the new customers which you are onboarding, is there any possibility to categorize? So, most 
of them are the revenues are going to Propel or towards program and software fees. Any kind of 
color on that?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Sir, so the customers that you are signing, for example, for BROME, their revenue sits with SaaS 
and program fees, right?  
Shrinarayan Mishra: 
So, most of the customers are there in those buckets. So, this should go meaningfully. That's 
what we should really try.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes, because you can't earn Propel Points revenue on those products, sir. Propel Points revenue 
only comes on the Propel contracts.  
Shrinarayan Mishra: 
Right. And whenever you do cross-selling, then there are chances that the Propel Points could 
increase. But as of now, that's not how it looks like, right? So, in the near term, these two buckets 
would grow faster, right?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes, these two buckets grow fast.  
Shrinarayan Mishra: 
And just last question. So, in Q4, so seasonality wise if we see propel, so Q4 would be bulky, 
right?  So, Q4, Propel would have higher sell, right, in the overall revenue mix?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Not necessarily, sir.  
Aditya Kumar: 
Revenue wise, yes.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Net revenue wise.  
Aditya Kumar: 
Net revenue wise obviously it is lower margin. But on a gross revenue wise, yes.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Gross revenue wise, yes.  
Shrinarayan Mishra: 
So, because for Propel, the seasonality is in Q4. So, in again Q4, we can see margins to look 
optically on the lower side.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
No, it's again premature. So, Q3, Q4 both is season for Propel. Q3 being the festive season in 
India for rewards. So, I think it's hard for us to comment right now. But what we are seeing is 
that, you know, the momentum is great across BROME, across our expense management 
platform, and as well as Propel is growing very well as well.  
Shrinarayan Mishra: 
Okay, thank you so much.  

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Rohan Mandora: 
Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just want to understand your guidance for 
FY '26, because what you said is for FY '25. So, both on top line and EBITDA margins, how 
one should look at it? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
So, on the guidance, we just upped the guidance to 58% to 63% for our top line, right?  
Rohan Mandora: 
That's for FY '26? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
What's that?  
Rohan Mandora: 
For FY '26 as well it's similar guidance. I was asking about FY '26?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
25. This is FY '25. This is FY '25. FY '26, we will come back to you on that one.  
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure. Second was that there was recently an announcement from RBI wherein a prepaid card 
can be used on UPI with a third-party payments app. So, just want to understand its impact on 
our business.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes, these are all great pieces of news Rohan. This opens up engagement on our app, and there 
are certain steps to take to qualify and to get there, but we are in the process. And those are all 
very positive pieces of news for us.  
Rohan Mandora: 
Right. So, I understand that the addressable market here maybe increases, but just on the 
interchange, will there be any impact here or do we have any bargaining power here? Just want 
to understand that things.  
Raj P Narayanam: 
So, if you look at it, Rohan, the interchange on UPI on prepaid is about 1.1%. You know, what 
we see overall is that when the mix happens and the number of transactions which will start 
happening on UPI specifically from the system, I think it will have a very positive blend to the 
overall interchange numbers. So, there will be a positive spike on the number is how we look at 
it. And if you see, you know, one of the acquisitions which we are doing is also on these lines, 
you know, to be able to actually run the entire UPI switch per se.  
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure. And lastly, just on the OPEX line items for 3Q, the employee expense at 17 crores, which 
is higher than, say, the earlier run rate of 14, 15 crores that we were having. So, is this a 
normalized run rate incrementally? Does this build in the annual incentives and everything in 
this run rate? Just want to check that. And also on the other OPEX, there is a jump from 17 
crores to 22 crores. If you can explain that.  
Aditya Kumar: 
So, employee cost is normalized. That includes 2 crore of ESOP expenses, Rohan. And this is 
factored in normal employee growth level, which we had in the paper. And OPEX growth, 

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
because as we are in the growth phase, right, we are investing so much in the products. There 
were multiple products which were launched in Q3 in terms of the fleet, etc. All those 
investments are happening in that. That's why OPEX has been growing.  
Rohan Mandora: 
So, this again will be normalized on that incrementally or is there any one-off in this other 
OPEX?  
Aditya Kumar: 
It's not like, since the amount is not higher compared if you look at it as in quantification, just 4 
crores, which is like reasonable for our set of the operations. So, possibly you might see a little 
bit of lower expenditure in the Q4, but as the business grows, even that will be under the 
percentage of revenue if you look at it, that will be a normal number, Rohan.  
Rohan Mandora: 
Got it. And lastly, the conglomerate account that we talked about where we have entered into 
partnership recently, what kind of an annual revenue potential can this kind of an account have? 
If you can just share some outlook here.  
Raj P Narayanam: 
So, you know, depends on the conglomerate person, you know, what kind of use in a 
conglomerate, but on an average, per account, you can take the potential could be to do about 
anywhere, about 50 to 65 crores per conglomerate is how you can look at it. That is the number 
which we have done. This is one conglomerate, and we are thinking that in and about, more or 
less, the behavior would be same.  
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure. Thanks. Sorry, just lastly, if I can fill in one more. The Program Fees revenue that we have, 
if you give the break-up between the three business lines for nine months?  
Raj P Narayanam: 
Yes, we will do that offline. We will send it to you, Rohan.  
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure, okay, fine. Thank you.  
Raj P Narayanam: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Debashish Majumdar from SVAN Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Debashish Majumdar: 
Good evening. Thank you so much for taking my question, and congratulations on a very good 
set of numbers, and also, congratulations for adding names like Zepto and Blinkit to our kitty. 
So, I have three questions, basically.  
 
So, first question is linked to the Program Fees. If I see my Program Fees post Zoyer's launch in 
Q3 FY '24, we have reached a number of 137 crores on a quarterly basis and since then we are 
kind of at that range only. So, the two points I am trying to understand. One is, is it like Zoyer 
is not firing up the way we thought from the initial benefits that we got in Q4?  

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
And the second question is, are we at the, I mean this is a contra to the first question itself. Are 
we at the inflection point for Zoyer's revenue to be booked going forward because of the big 
names that we have signed in the last two to three months? So, that is my first question. 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
There is a certain amount of seasonality there at play, and overall, a lot of these contracts are 
going through their go-live and you will see, you know, the benefit or impact of that in Q4. I 
will just leave it at that.  
Debashish Majumdar: 
So, should we take it like this way that in Q4 the sequential growth in Zoyer revenue or the 
Program Fees revenue would be significantly higher?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
I mean that would be too specific for me to comment, but I think, you know, the reads are good.  
Debashish Majumdar: 
Okay, thank you. The second question is, when you look at my margin, obviously currently it is 
under pressure or it is stagnant because of the Propel platform revenue growing faster than our 
overall revenue. So, just wanted to get some sense that what is the incremental revenue or what 
is the margin for the Program Fees or Interchange revenue that we can book at the EBITDA 
level because we seem to be very confident of 15, 16% kind of EBITDA margin over next four 
years. And this is like from 9% to 16%. This is like almost doubling our margin levels. So, is it 
like our Zoyer margin or Interchange margin is double of the Propel platform margin that we 
report?  
Raj P Narayanam: 
See, thank you for this question, and I will give you a detailed answer for this. Obviously, one 
of the acquisitions which we are doing is on a merchant card system. When you deploy that 
particular SaaS product at the merchant store level, your Propel margins are going to increase 
significantly. So, today, we just buy and sell. Okay. And that is why those incremental margins 
on the issuance side don't come to us. The ability to enjoy the breakage does not come to us. 
You know, when both of these come, the rendered margin is much higher.  
 
Second is the rate of growth in SaaS as well as in Program Fees is going to be much, much 
higher. As I just told another analyst is that, you know, these conglomerate accounts, which we 
have started cracking, have a huge potential of anywhere between 50 to 65 crores, you know, 
per conglomerate, okay? If we are able to get about, you know, 10, 15 corporates over the next 
two, three years, you are talking about the 500 to 600 crores revenue coming from these 
conglomerates, okay, where the margins and these conglomerates operate more and more on the 
program and SaaS fee and less and less on the Propel.  
 
So, the way we are looking at it is that the Propel margin has to go up. The revenue on the 
program fees and the SaaS fees has to go up. That is how we are looking.  
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt.  
Raj P Narayanam: 
This is two more points.  

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, we can hear you now. Please go ahead.  
Raj P Narayanam: 
Yes. So, I am saying that, you know, there is a, you know, maximum possible expansion of 
margin in Propel. Beyond that, it might not go. But, you know, on the program fees, you know, 
the ability to grow is much higher.  
 
So, how we look at it and why we are confident, we have guided about 9% to 10% EBITDA 
margin for this year, and we had said that maybe 10% to 11% next year. So, our range remains 
between 9% to 11% for this year and next year. But post that, there will be significant expansion 
as both these acquisitions which are in play would come into action and the blended margins 
would be much, much more higher.  
 
So, if you remember, if you have tracked this for some time, you please look at our '22 margins. 
'22, you know, we were at 16% EBITDA. Okay. And from that 16% EBITDA is what we came 
down when we started investing heavily, you know, into the various kinds of other programs 
which we started, you know, to sell more and more. And there was a significant cost, you know, 
which we had to incur in developing Zoyer. Plus Propel also started expanding.  
 
So, if I were to go back to those 2022 days, it is not very difficult for me to see how we will 
achieve about 16% EBITDA. And that is our stated goal, that we will reach about 15 to 16% 
EBITDA in the next 3 to 4 years.  
Debashish Majumdar: 
Sure. So, thank you very much for the detailed answer. So, just one addition to this. You must 
be tracking your Interchange fees EBITDA separately. Has it already used to that 14-16% 
bracket that you were talking about?  
Raj P Narayanam: 
In terms of if you could just repeat the question or rephrase it? 
Debashish Majumdar: 
So, what I am saying is the inter-charge EBITDA margin for your intercharge fees or program 
fees that you must be tracking.  
Raj P Narayanam: 
Interchange is much higher. Oh no, no. Much, much higher. Much, much higher.  
Debashish Majumdar: 
Okay. So, that is what is giving us confidence of...  
Raj P Narayanam: 
Oh, yes, absolutely. Absolutely. You put that, you remove Propel, it's much, much higher.  
Debashish Majumdar: 
Okay. And the last question is, you have said that two announcements of acquisition, I mean, 
two announcements which are at the final stage of discussion. Can we expect the acquisition 
announcement to happen to this financial itself?  
Raj P Narayanam: 
No, this financial year may not be possible while we will try our best. As I explained earlier also, 
there are various processes which we have to follow. So, all those processes take time. We are 
at advanced stage. May not be able to tell you exactly, precisely that we will be able to do it 

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
within this quarter. But we are very, very hopeful that all the three, actually two are big ones, 
the third one is a smaller one, that we should be able to complete all three in the next year. And 
before the next year ends, we should be able to close it.  
Debashish Majumdar: 
Sure. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for answering the question and wish you all the 
best.  
Raj P Narayanam: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Saifee from I Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead.  
Aman Saifee: 
Thank you so much, sir, for the opportunity. And congrats on a very good set of numbers. Sir, I 
wanted to understand on our Program Fees business, sir, what I see is that you are consistently 
expanding your customer numbers quarter-on-quarter basis from past four quarters. And your 
existing client GMV would also have been increasing. Then sir, while our program fees number 
has been flat from past four quarters, it has been in the similar range of 136 crore.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
No, I think there is a lot of seasonality as I mentioned on the call as well. So, looking at it from 
comparing Q4 of a year with Q1, Q2 or even Q3 of the next year is not necessarily a fair 
comparison.  
 
The other thing also, of course, is a lot of these contracts that we have signed are large 
enterprises. So, they have their own gestation period to go live. And many of them, they go live, 
but they don't start, you know, the cards, for example, on the prepaid cards, the cards need to be, 
first of all, issued, then loaded. And, you know, the whole training has to be done from the 
software. And then the card usage starts, right? So, we see that and a lot of the usage happens in 
the Q4. So, we anticipate Q4 Program Fee numbers to be much more robust.  
Aman Saifee: 
So, Avinash, you are trying to say that the customer which you would have signed in the quarter 
of March 24, wouldn't have actually started contributing to you yet.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
See, there is a lot of different behaviors. Many of them have started to contribute. Many of them 
can contribute a lot more. Some of them, you know, are in the process of contributing, right? 
Because you are talking of hundreds and hundreds of corporates here. So, behavior will be 
different.  
Aman Saifee: 
So, what is an average gestation period to come live on to your business?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Completely depends on the nature of the contract and whether they are taking only one solution, 
two solutions. We are also trying to now bundle solutions, like I gave the example of Zepto, 
where they are both on Zoyer and SAVE. It's very effective to try and sell both or all three 
solutions right at the time of sign up, right? So, that's our Endeavour now.  

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Aman Saifee: 
No, Avinash, when I say about the seasonality, what is it exactly? Because when I see your 
Program Fees business and I divide it by 1.71%, which is generally your interchange income, 
from the past four quarters, your GMV would have been at 8,000 crores. It is not growing. That 
means the spends are not growing at the customer end. Is this the right understanding?  
Raj P Narayanam: 
No, it is not the right understanding because if you do 1.71, that is a blended rate, you know, 
which has come in, okay? So, there will be spends, you know, which are happening at a lower 
interchange. There are spends which are happening at a higher interchange. So, while our GMV 
has been constantly growing quarter-on-quarter, you know, the blended margin which comes in, 
you know, certain areas like on fuel, you have like a surcharge on fuel, okay?  
 
So, if you look at that grocery, there is a less percentage, you know, which is there. You know, 
like that, there are various categories, okay? Only the e-com category which is higher is like you 
have about 2.2%, okay?  
 
So looking at that, what happens is, it's not GMV if you track on, you know, quarter-to-quarter 
basis is consistently and constantly growing. What the mixture which you are seeing is, this is 
the spends happening on lower interchange category and the spends which are happening on 
higher interchange category.  
 
That blend which is coming looks like, to you, it will look like as if, you know, the spends, there 
is no growth in the GMV, whereas we are seeing very, very decent, about 15% to 17% growth 
on a quarter-to-quarter basis.  
Aman Saifee: 
I understand, sir. So, sir, last question and my request from my side that sir, is it possible for you 
to share the, say, Propel and Zoyer's contribution on the Program Fees side? Because, sir, as an 
analyst, it's very hard to track how the growth is happening on the Program Fees side. Because, 
you see, Propel has been increasing on a very healthy stage, right?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes.  
Aman Saifee: 
So, it is rightly possible that your Propel program fees would have been increasing, but not the 
SAVE and Zoyer one. So, it is… 
Raj P Narayanam: 
If you see on Propel, there is hardly any program fees is a limited part of, you know, on the 
Propel platform. And Propel Points, there is, you know, the margin is always a little bit here, 
there. There is no on Propel Points per se. You know, we don't see that there is any deviation 
there. Okay.  
 
But in terms of, if you look at SAVE as well as this, they have been growing very, very healthily. 
So, both of these, SAVE as well as Zoyer. And we will be very happy to share. Please set up a 
call with us separately, and we will be very happy to give you any detailed information which 
you may want to seek.  

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Aman Saifee: 
Sure, sir. Sure. Thank you so much. That's it from my side. All the best, sir.  
Raj P Narayanam: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek from Bandhan Asset Management. 
Please go ahead.  
Prateek: 
Yes, hi. Sir, just one small question on your software side of the business. Look, the growth rates 
are quite muted. Are they tracking the number of corporates which you have onboarded or it's 
slightly lower? Can you just talk a bit about that?  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
So, we are tracking obviously both the number of corporates as well as number of users. And 
the nature of SaaS businesses is that because we are dealing with enterprise and not SMBs, you 
know, these are very sticky types of revenue, but their growth rates obviously will take longer 
for those to grow at a much faster pace than, you know, say a Program Fees or Propel.  
Prateek: 
And just with the BROME product, which has been now live, and you are onboarding quite a 
few of customers, will we see an inflection? I think that is what you were trying to hint on the 
software side of the business, that in the next couple of quarters, we could see an inflection over 
there where the growth rates would be quite higher than what they are in the previous past.  
Raj P Narayanam: 
Yes, absolutely, Prateek. We will definitely see that next two to three quarters, there will be 
marked improvement specifically in terms of the software contracts. And all contracts which we 
have signed in the last three, four quarters are also going live at a hectic pace. So, overall, we 
see a huge positive in terms of the next two, three quarters.  
Prateek: 
Got it. And one last question. I think you called out other expense increase is because of 
investments which you are doing. I would have thought the nature of your business such that the 
employee costs would have been major heads in which you will do investments, right, in terms 
of building out software, etc. So, just curious, why other expenses? What is this which has led 
to this increase of 4 crores on a quarterly basis Q-o-Q?  
Aditya Kumar: 
So, basically, Prateek, there were a couple of products which went live during the quarter, right? 
That requires one kind of, and which can't be capitalized. Those are ad hoc expenses, which we 
need to put it every time whenever the new product launch happens. So, especially in the Q3, 
we have launched fleet solutions with the couple of clients who also went live on that process. 
That requires an additional cost.  
Prateek: 
Understood, understood. And given the healthy gross margins which are there in the software 
side of the business and what we just discussed, next couple of two quarters, we will see margin 
expansion happening, right? I mean, just inferencing from what you said. Obviously, how the 
part of businesses how they will shape up. But a lot of the software should flow down, right? 
That's a fair understanding.  

 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes, the software, literally almost everything flows down and that's the intent that we expand on 
the margins. That's what Is our continuous focus internally with all our teams. That's what we 
are pushing for. And that's the endeavor, Prateek. Yes. 
Prateek: 
Fantastic. Thanks and best wishes.  
Raj P Narayanam: 
Thank you.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Thank you all for participating in today's call. We hope we addressed all your queries and 
provided some valuable insights. We remain extremely optimistic and focused on the future 
growth of the Company. And we are excited about the opportunities ahead. For any further 
information, we request you to get in touch with SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. Thank 
you and have a great day and a great weekend. Thank you. Bye.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
