 
KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED  
 
 Registered Office : 702, NATRAJ, M. V. Road Junction, Western Express Highway, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 069. 
Tel.: +91 22 6676 6888  |  CIN : L45200MH1995PLC094208 |  Website: www.rustomjee.com 
 
Date: February 16, 2025 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Script Code: 543669 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400051 
Script Code: RUSTOMJEE 
 
Sub: Q3 FY25 - Earnings call Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
We are enclosing herewith a copy of the transcript of the Company’s earnings conference 
call which was held on February 11, 2025 with respect to un-audited Financial Results 
with limited review for quarter and nine month ended December 31, 2024. The transcript 
is also being uploaded on the Company’s website i.e. www.rustomjee.com under the 
Investors section. 
 
This is for the information of your members, and all concerned. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully,   
 
For Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
 
Bimal K Nanda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS – 11578  
 
Encl.: As above 
BIMAL 
KISHORE 
NANDA
Digitally signed by 
BIMAL KISHORE 
NANDA 
Date: 2025.02.16 
19:59:26 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Keystone Realtors Limited Q3 FY-25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BOMAN IRANI – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MR. CHANDRESH MEHTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED  
MR. PERCY CHOWDHARY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MR. SAJAL GUPTA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRITESH SHETH – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Keystone Realtors Limited Q3FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. Thank you and over to 
you sir.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thank you and good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the call. We have with us the 
Management of Keystone Realtors represented by Mr. Bomani Irani, who is the Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Chandresh Mehta – Executive Director, Mr. Percy Chowdhary – 
Executive Director, Mr. Sajal Gupta – the Group Chief Financial Officer. I will hand over the 
call to the Management for their initial comments and then we can open the floor for question 
and answers. Over to you Mr. Irani. 
Boman Irani: 
Good evening, everyone and welcome to our Q3FY25 Earnings Conference Call. I am Boman 
Irani – Chairman and Managing Director of Keystone Realtors Limited. I extend my heartfelt 
gratitude to all of you for joining us today.  
At the beginning, I am very happy to report that we have achieved our full year pre-sales for the 
last financial year within the first nine months of FY25. This has been driven by a series of 
successful launches. We had given a guidance of Rs. 6,000 crores of launches. We have already 
launched Rs. 4,057 crores worth of projects. As we close the 3rd Quarter of FY25, we are on 
track to achieve our full year guidance that we had shared earlier. I am very excited to walk you 
through our impressive achievements during this period which highlight our ongoing growth 
and our commitment to excellence.  
In Q3 FY25 we have seen remarkable growth of pre sales touching Rs. 863 crores, reflecting a 
40% year-on-year growth. Our total pre sales for the first nine months of FY25 have reached Rs. 
2,174 crores marking an impressive 53% increase from last year. This surge in demand validates 
our strategic direction and demonstrates the growing trust our customers place in our products. 
A standout achievement in this period has been a project in Bandra West called Rustomjee 
Panorama which not only sold the highest percentage of inventory of the available stock to sell 
but also set a new benchmark with a per square foot rate at about 1.16 lakhs on carpet area basis. 
This underscores the premium value of our project offer to our consumers.  
Our brand's reach and resonance has been further strengthened by comprehensive marketing 
campaigns both online and offline. We have targeted a very diverse customer base by using 
impactful 360-degree campaigns for our key projects as well as engaging NRIs through 
memorable initiatives like India Calling in Times Square, we continue to build emotional 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
connections with our customers. Our commitment to innovation, sustainability and industry 
excellence has been recognized earning us accolades such as the “Best Stall Award” at the 
CREDAI MCHI Exhibition and a top spot in Construction Week's top 5 projects. As we move 
forward, our goal is clear to continue delivering exceptional value to our customers, upholding 
the strength of our brand and leading the industry with both passion and purpose.  
In terms of collections: 
We have achieved a collection of Rs. 542 crores in Q3FY25. This is a 20% increase from Rs. 
452 crores in Q3FY24. Our total collections in the first nine months of FY25 stand at Rs. 1,579 
crores. We remain confident in our strategy to further enhance collection, efficiency and 
continue to generate strong cash flows. In this connection, one key focus area is accelerating our 
construction pace. We have put in systems and processes to further improve our efficiency and 
exceed our timeline commitments and delight our consumers with quicker project delivery and 
optimize our collection cash flows.  
At the construction we have reached to an impressive milestone of about five slabs in just one 
month, reducing our slab cycle from 8 to 9 days to just 6 days. We have successfully launched 
5 new projects in nine months of FY25. These projects encompass a total saleable area of 3.12 
million square feet and an estimated GDV of Rs. 4,057 crores. The demand for our products 
remains robust and we are excited about the pipeline of upcoming projects in the remainder of 
FY25.  
A key highlight from the previous quarter is the significant progress of our upcoming project 
wherein we have successfully cut short the timeline between DA and issuing the notice to vacate 
to just 170 days. This is another testament of our strong ability in the redevelopment sphere. In 
terms of business development, I am pleased to share that Q3 FY25 we have added 2 new 
projects with a combined GDV of Rs. 980 crores. These are redevelopment projects again and 
strengthen our leadership position in this segment. They further solidify our standing in the 
redevelopment space. 
Overall, in the nine months of FY25, we have successfully added 6 projects with an estimated 
GDV of Rs. 3,297 crores, achieving about 82% of our FY25 guidance of Rs. 4,000 crores. 
Since FY23, we have added 19 projects with a total estimated GDV of Rs. 16,276 crores. Of 
these, 16 are in the redevelopment, 14 of these fall in the mid-mass and aspirational category 
which we have said time and again is one of the largest and fastest growing segments for Mumbai 
and MMR. This aligns with our strategy to expand in these segments. These additions highlight 
our ongoing commitment to growth and leadership. I am confident in our ability to continue 
adding and successfully executing new projects. The redevelopment opportunity in Mumbai is 
significant and we keep emerging as the most trusted developer in this space and we are well 
positioned to capitalize on the current momentum. With a very strong balance sheet, we are well 
capitalized and ready to seize these opportunities.  

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
During the nine months of FY25 we have generated an OCF, operating cash flow of ₹ 353 crores 
supporting the accelerated pace of new launches. Our investment in new projects during this 
period has been ₹ 396 crores. This is approximately 1.5x higher than the same period last year. 
The increased investment positions us well to develop a strong pipeline for projects ready to 
launch.  
Moving to our Consolidated Financial Performance: 
We have reported revenue from operations of Rs. 464 crores for Q3FY25.  
For the first nine months our absolute EBITDA number has grown from Rs. 96 crores to Rs. 225 
crores. That is by 134% year-on-year. Our PAT number has also grown from Rs. 81 crores to 
Rs. 121 crores. That is 50% year-on-year growth in the first nine months.  
Our Liquidity: 
Our gross debt stands at approximately Rs. 373 crores with a gross debt to equity ratio of 0.14:1 
at the end of Q3FY25. This is very well within our guidance. 
Our total free cash at the end of Q3 is Rs. 854 crores indicating a very strong liquidity position. 
Our net debt is zero. Additionally, we continue to maintain (A) credit rating with a positive 
outlook assigned by ICRA.  
As we progress through Q3 FY25, I am pleased to share we have taken significant strides 
towards our commitment to the environment, social and governance principles. We have 
engaged extensively with internal stakeholders through surveys, cementing our dedication to 
sustainability and inclusivity. Our transition to green tariff for our Mumbai suburban projects is 
progressing very well. This demonstrates our proactive approach to renewable energy during 
our construction phase. We are also ensuring rigorous data verification processes for all our 
projects aligning with our BRSR reporting commitments, especially on health and safety. We 
are making substantial progress with our sustainability efforts including the initiation of a near 
net zero carbon project at Belle Vie which is our plotted development in Kasara.  
We have completed our Sustainability Report for FY23-24 and are setting ESG goals across 
various functions. We have conducted training sessions for our teams on IGBC Green Building 
Certification are in the process and we are in the process of finalizing our Supplier Code of 
Conduct. Also, I am pleased to mention that we have received “IGBC Green Home Silver 
Rating” at one of our residential projects in Urbania Thane.  
A safe working environment is always on top of our mind. Our goal is zero fatal accidents, and 
we are excited to state that one of our projects has achieved 5 lakh safe man hours with no lost 
time, no injuries or fatalities and no mentionable incidents. Our performance in Q3FY25 reflects 
our robust growth trajectory, commitment to project execution and our maintaining our 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
leadership in this market. As we continue to build on significant momentum, I am confident that 
we are poised for a strong year ahead. The fundamentals of our company remain strong, and we 
are confident in our ability to not only achieve our guidance but to surpass it. 
Thanks to the recently announced budget, we are pretty confident the real estate market will 
continue to stay robust. The demand for our products remains robust and we are excited about 
the strong pipeline of upcoming launches for the remainder of FY25. Further, our asset light 
model with a focus on redevelopment opportunities, particularly in Mumbai, continues to be a 
key driver of our growth. 
As the most trusted partner in this space as mentioned earlier, we are strategically positioned to 
leverage the vast redevelopment potential in the region. And with our strong balance sheet and 
healthy capitalization, we are fully equipped to seize these opportunities and create sustainable 
value for our stakeholders. Together, we are on this exciting journey and are determined to 
maintain our upward trajectory and exceed the expectations with all of you. Let's embrace the 
opportunities ahead and continue to build on the momentum. We remain committed to delivering 
substantial value to all our stakeholders and positioning ourselves as a leading developer of our 
industry.  
I would just like to say I am very proud to share our commitment to excellence has been 
recognized and to various prestigious awards such as the “India Top Builders 2024” in the 
national category at CWAB Awards, “Maharashtra State Best Employer Award” at the 19th 
Employer Brand Awards. Our ultra luxury project Rustomjee Ocean Vista was awarded “Ultra 
Luxury Project of the Year” at the Realty Plus Excellence Awards. We celebrated Skyscraper of 
the Year accolade for the Rustomjee Crown at the Realty Plus Excellence Awards 2024. We 
were recognized with the “Transformation of Excellence Award” for our Project in Bandra East 
at Times Redevelopment Award underscoring our impact in transforming communities. Further, 
we secured the first position in “Residential Real Estate Brand Category” across 1,000 brands in 
34 categories and 16 cities. We received “India's Most Desired Real Estate Residential Brand 
2024” award by TRA Research. These accolades inspire us and reaffirm us on our mission to set 
new benchmarks in the real estate sector. 
As we move forward, we remain dedicated to creating superior value for all of you and 
capitalizing on the opportunities ahead. Thank you for your continued support and I look forward 
to addressing any questions you may have. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on the touchtone telephone. If you wish to withdraw 
yourself from the question queue you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. We take the first question from the line of Devansh Dhruv from 
Equentis Wealth Advisory. Please go ahead.  

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Devansh Dhruv: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I just wanted to know a couple of questions actually. 
So, first on the side of launches, so why have we seen no launches in this quarter? And 
particularly if we see the guidance, it's around 8 projects for the full year and we added 5. So, 
will the balance launches be seen in the Quarter 4 of this year or you can just shed some light 
upon it?  
Boman Irani: 
So, thanks Devansh for that question. As I mentioned earlier, we have already completed 5 
launches in the first two quarters. This quarter, I mean in our coming quarter you are going to 
see our further 3 launches and I am fairly confident that these are well on the way to be launched 
in the immediate future. So, we would have achieved our guidance of 8 project launches with 
about 6,000 crores GDV. So, we are well on our way and yes, this quarter we did not have any 
launches. But you are aware of the entire fact that we have taken 5 launches already in the first 
two quarters, so we were a little ahead. We will catch up in this quarter and we will be able to 
give the 3 launches that are due…. 
Devansh Dhruv: 
Any challenges that we had witnessed or it's just a lag? 
Boman Irani: 
Actually, you know, we have had a phenomenal outcome from the launches that we have had, 
and our sales have been stellar. As mentioned to you earlier, we have done 860 odd crores of pre 
sales in this quarter itself. Yes, Devansh.  
Devansh Dhruv: 
Yes. Okay. And another question was on the collection efficiency side. So, this quarter we have 
seen a dip in collection efficiency. If we see it's around 63% compared to last quarters that in the 
last three-four quarters we had witnessed around 78%-79%. So why has there been a dip this 
quarter? While we have a great previous year's growth, the collection seems subdued. 
Boman Irani: 
Devansh thanks for that question. As informed, these sales are now coming out of our fresh 
launches. Right. So basically, always when there's a fresh launch, the collection value is always 
going to be less. Whereas in the earlier time we had finished the products that we were selling, 
which allowed us to kind of have a higher collection. Having said that, our sales have been 
extremely robust, and our collections have been good. And in spite of being fresh launches, we 
have had a very good collection cycle.  
Devansh Dhruv: 
Okay, great. Thank you. That's from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, if you wish to join the question queue, you may 
press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your touchstone telephone. The next question is from the line of Ritwik 
Sheth from One Up Financial Consultant. Please go ahead.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
Hi, good evening, sir. So, a couple of questions from my end. So, what is the launch pipeline 
looking like for FY26 with the project that we already have acquired in the last 2 years? 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Boman Irani: 
So, Ritwik, thanks for that question. I will have to lean back on what I just mentioned in my 
speech right now. We have closed projects of about (16,000+) crores in the last 2 years. Right? 
So that keeps us very strong in our launch pipeline for the coming years. I am sorry, I cannot 
make any commitments right now. But this year itself you've seen that we have guided for 8 
launches and we are already 5 completed, 3 more will get launched in this quarter. So, we will 
be well within our guidance or well by our guidance itself, of the 6,000 crores launches and 8 
project launches this year. Having said that, if anyone's guessed, with the number of projects 
that we have taken on and those in the mid-mass and aspirational category will all be coming up 
for launches in the next financial Year.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
Safe to say that we will try to exceed FY25 launch pipeline, FY25?  
Boman Irani: 
Yes Ritwik. I mean, honestly, one of the key things that Rustomjee has done is that we have kept 
growth, which is both sustainable and something that is remarkable or on the upward growth 
trajectory. So, we have managed to do that. We have continued to excel from our guidance and 
we don't plan to kind of slack out on that one. So, our launches in the coming financial year will 
be higher than at least what we have done in the last 2 years itself.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
And sir, with these projects in hand already, what kind of projects we are looking to add in 
FY26? You earlier mentioned that 1.5x to 2x of presale. So, should we go by that guidance for 
FY26 as well?  
Boman Irani: 
Ritwik, basically Rustomjee has been able to identify newer locations that.. when we entered in, 
people were not looking at. And after we entered in, they became suddenly very hot. It isn't that 
they became hot after we entered. The fact is our data pointed us towards that much earlier than 
the other people or the other companies recognize this. Keeping the same thing in mind, we are 
continuously focused at newer locations at the same point of time, consolidating or growing in 
the locations we are at. So, to give you a bird's eye view, the western suburb will be where we 
will continue to focus at the same point of time. The eastern suburbs will also be growing in our 
array of projects that we will launch in the future. And as we had mentioned earlier, we have 
also moved into plotted developments which will take us to newer shores. And hopefully in the 
next financial year we will have a launch or two in one of the upwardly mobile, I would say 
affluent class place of choice and we will have mega launches over there as well.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay, sure. And so, my last question is on Crown project. Would it be possible to share the sales 
figure in units and value in nine months FY25?  
Boman Irani: 
Give me a minute, Ritwik. Let me just get the exact data so that I am not saying a number, which 
is…. I will come back to that, if that's okay.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
Yes, sure, no problem. So that's it for my side. Thank you and all the best.  

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to all the participants. If you wish to 
join the question queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’. Participants, if you wish to join the question 
queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’. We take the next question from the line of Pritesh Sheth from 
Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Hi. Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a great first nine months. Just couple of 
questions. One on the launch side, while we had great first half but not many launches this 
quarter, is it just like normal business course or there is some slowdown in terms of approvals 
which is impacting our launches or that's how we planned it for the quarter and Q4 is looking 
stronger from launch perspective? 
Boman Irani: 
Thanks for that Pritesh and I should say that while there wasn't really any slowdown as such but 
the elections always impede, let's say newer project launches at any point of time. So that is what 
kind of could have been one of the factors. But very importantly Pritesh, I should remind 
everybody that we have already launched 5 projects in the first half instead of 4. So, we are if at 
all in this quarter, 1 project launch short which I have already clarified will be something that 
you will see in this quarter and you see 3 project launches. We would have well crossed the ₹ 
6,000 crores mark that we have set ourselves up for. So, we have already crossed ₹ 4,057 crore. 
We should be able to cross ₹ 6,000 crore with these 3 launches coming up in this quarter itself.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, yes, I think I agree. I mean we had good launches in the first nine months. So just wanted 
to get a sense from an industry perspective whether things have improved on approvals etc. or 
not. But the second question is on the demand, again good numbers for us for first nine months. 
But looking at how stock markets are doing in the last probably 3-4 months, Mumbai is generally 
like active in terms of capital market participation. Do you think this stock markets will have 
any sort of impact in housing demand in the near term? If you have any data points on that which 
you generally look at, how much of the stock market, I mean how much of the eventual housing 
demand is being driven by stock markets doing good in the last 2-3 years? 
Boman Irani: 
Pritesh, thank you for that question. And basically, I can only point out to the data that is already 
available with us. So, if you look at the data of FY24 where Mumbai, MMR had crossed (+900) 
apartments in the ₹ 10 crores + category. I think even last month and if I am allowed to say this 
January saw data of about 12,000 registrations taking place. So really this slowdown that 
everybody is there's some kind of murmur in the market is not really seen from where we are. 
Having said that, what is the connection between the stock market and real estate? I think a very 
strong portion of the Mumbai buyer base while of course Mumbai is considered to be the head 
of the stock markets etc. I don't see such a huge connection at least right now from the way the 
data is pointing out. So, we are still having a very strong buy base from the salaried class, from 
the smaller business classes and there's been a great and strong demand as we have seen the data 
for all the high-end projects, I already mentioned our project in Bandra West achieved price 
points of Rs. 1.16 lakh per square foot and we are sold out and we are still in let's say the first, I 
think half year of that project where we are still in the ground and still building up from there. I 
think it's a strong promise of delivery that is continually driving the sales especially for 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Rustomjee products, and the strong belief in the consumer that the product that they're going to 
get is going to excel whatever has been shown and we have continued to do that. Customer 
delight has been what we have always aimed for and going further investor delight is also what 
we are continually aiming for.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, that's pretty helpful and good to know that. Just one last on again our near-term trends in 
terms of demand, till December we have already seen what you have done. In January, is the 
momentum in terms of walk ins, conversions etc. still continuing at that same pace for Keystone, 
what we have been seeing in this first nine months? So just trying to get some insight on how 
near-term trends are picking up. 
Chandresh Mehta: 
Hi Pritesh, this is Chandresh here. So, Pritesh, traditionally December to January has always 
been a slow month. That is the period where it's not an auspicious period as far as customers are 
concerned. So, we always see a slowdown between December and January and actually things 
start picking up maybe late in January and going towards the festive season in terms of Gudi 
Padwa. So, we are seeing that momentum already kicking in. We have a couple of launches 
planned to take advantage of this situation and as Boman mentioned, we have already done in 
the last nine months, we are close to crossing our full year's presales of the previous financial 
year. So, in that manner we are very well poised. We have sold close to around 20% of the value 
of the stock that we had launched in the first nine months. So, we have seen robust sales and 
whatever indication we have got from our sales team and from the channel partners in the market 
for the launches that we have planned in this particular quarter, we hope to surpass the guidance 
that we have given in the beginning of the year.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, that's helpful. And that's it from my side. All the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Harsh Pathak from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead.  
Harsh Pathak: 
Hi Boman and team and thanks for this opportunity. So first of all, congratulations for the good 
performance this quarter and for the nine months. So, my first question is on the performance 
with respect to this segment wise. I mean if you look your sales have been largely driven by the 
super-premium category in this December quarter. And even if I look at the nine months 
performance, it is largely driven by the super-premium and aspirational category. But when I 
look at your forthcoming projects, it seems to be tilted towards the affordable and the mid-mass 
segment. So how do you see the performance going ahead and how do you expect the demand 
to pan out maybe from a 2 to 3-year perspective? 
Boman Irani: 
Sorry I missed out on your name.  
Harsh Pathak: 
This is Harsh Pathak.  

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Boman Irani: 
Hi Harsh, thanks for that question. So Harsh, the very fact that we have performed beautifully 
in the premium and super premium segments makes us a prime, what you call - choice developer 
in the aspirational category. Because the aspirational category by the virtue of its name itself is 
aspiring towards something much better. Having said that, if you see our launches have also 
been more in this premium category and that is why the sales have been driven by that category. 
Now we also had a great launch in Thane where we saw some very good sales taking place. So, 
we are not letting go or ceding our position as a developer that does aspiration and mid-mass. 
As a matter of fact, that is an area we have continually been focused on and we think we will 
continue to grow because that's a growing market segment. And having said that, almost 56% of 
our sales have come through the aspirational mid-mass segment itself. So, in the nine months 
we have done Rs. 566 crores in the aspirational and Rs. 653 crores in the mid-mass. Both put 
together about Rs. 1,220 odd crores in this segment itself. And coming forward, I mean Dombivli 
is also going to be somewhere, we have been kind of working on at the back end of the market, 
building it up, understanding the consumers’ needs and when we do the launch, I mean I am sure 
I will have a story to tell you and you can see the kind of results that we are able to give in that 
market also because you know we have had a long standing experience of Thane and Virar. We 
have grown the market which are in the Borivali-Kandivali belt and Dombivli looks like a great 
area for greenfield developments that will see to a super spurt in growth of that area given the 
entire connectivity that area is now witnessing. So, we are pretty excited about it. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Right. But then in terms of the new project additions maybe over the next 2 to 3 years, how do 
you look at, I mean additions with respect to the different subcategories in the super premium, 
aspirational and mid-mass? Maybe we have a sizable inventory on the forthcoming front in the 
mid-mass and affordable front. But I think on the aspirational side, the forthcoming projects 
which I see in your PPT is around Rs. 4,500 crores and super premium is close to Rs. 3,900 
crores. So, I think we have some limited inventory there. So how do you look at new project 
additions with respect to these categories?  
Boman Irani: 
One second.  
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes, so you have to look at our forthcoming project pipeline in two parts. One is the township, 
and another is the non-township. Out of the total Rs. 41,000 crores, about Rs. 20,000 crores is 
the township and that is the reason we look basically a larger portion into the mid-mass and the 
affordable segment being contributed by Thane and also by Dombivli and Virar. If I remove the 
township, basically the balance pipeline is Rs. 20,000 crores and out of that Rs. 20,000 crores 
the aspirational is Rs. 4,500 crores which is a good about 25% of the total pipeline. Going 
forward, typically we have said that we wanted to focus more on the mid-mass as well 
aspirational segment. Our acquisition over the last 2 years and nine months of the current 
financial year wherein more than 73% by value we have acquired in this category. We have been 
able to balance the portfolio whereby we are present across the price points. Typically, our model 
mix will be about 40% premium, super-premium of the total size of the pipeline, about 40% into 
the mid-mass and the aspirational segment 40%-45% and about 10 to 15% coming from the 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
affordable segment. And our pipeline basically has been built and is being built taking into 
account this model mix. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Okay, got it. But in terms of demand, is there a healthy trend seen in the super premium segment 
still or is there something, I mean, is there some moderation happening in that sub-segment? 
Boman Irani: 
Harsh, Boman back here. I can only tell you what has happened and I can only tell you what our 
data points towards. We have seen a very strong premium and super premium demand. If you 
are asking me will this demand continue, at least given by the data that I have, I think - definitely. 
And I cannot speak about everybody, but at our end we do a lot of, what do you call - the test 
segments that we continuously kind of interact with the buying or the consumer base. We have 
seen that this market, at least at this moment in time is extremely robust. And it is, I would like 
to think that it's robust because of the fact that people are looking at a better life and lifestyle 
and they are looking for things of value and giving value a better premium over price. So, we 
are seeing a very good demand over here. I can tell you with what we read that at least the next 
few quarters there is no slowdown in demand for the premium segment at all.  
Harsh Pathak: 
Okay. And to dig a bit deeper into this, which are this data points that we should focus on to 
actually get confidence in this trend? Is it the number of footfalls, is it the number of enquiries? 
I mean, what is the data point we actually focus upon?  
Boman Irani: 
Yes. That is we look at the kind of enquiries that take place for premium homes not only at our 
website but across websites that are being kind of, good on the digital side. Second, we always 
dipstick consumer buyer basis. We dipstick broker sentiment. We are very specific to—how do 
I say—micro down to the area concerned. So, if you say Bandra, it's not Bandra. We are able to 
give you data of Pali Hill versus Mount Mary and we are able to distinguish between the buyer 
of these two places also. I hope that answers your question. We are able to kind of really do a 
deep dive on digital data, on actual interactions, on what we see in various reports that are 
appearing and of course , continuously interacting with the broker fraternity. Once again, 
Chandresh also wants to add a point of view.  
Chandresh Mehta: 
So Harsh, in terms of data points, what we have been observing is that our conversion ratios may 
be from deep to walk in or from walk in to conversion in terms of sales, those ratios are also 
continuously improving. So, these are the data points what we see is, which makes us believe 
that this demand would continue. So, at Rustomjee also we are looking at exploring newer 
markets, newer micro markets in terms of the premium and luxury. So, we are currently not 
present in the South Mumbai market. Very soon we are close to acquiring projects in that micro 
market. We continue to do well in Prabhadevi. So hence in Prabhadevi also we are looking at 
and we have already acquired a project in Prabhadevi. We are looking at launching a project in 
Prabhadevi as well. Mahim, which was an erstwhile, a bit subdued location. Now with our launch 
of 180 Bayview, we are able to exploit latent demand for luxury and premium in that particular 
micro market. So, at Rustomjee, where we are constantly on the lookout of where the next 
growth, the next additional revenue is going to come from and we are extremely conscious in 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
each of these newer markets there is a latent demand which we are looking at exploiting. Does 
that answer your question?  
Harsh Pathak: 
Right. No, that's really encouraging to know and thanks for the elaborate answer. One last bit 
from my side. So whatever sales we have generated in the super premium and the aspirational 
category, has that largely come from the domestic market or there is some element of the NRI 
buying as well?  
Boman Irani: 
As I mentioned, we try and keep a very good connect with our NRI market as well. But the 
strongest part, I mean if you ask me, the largest part has come from the local market itself. The 
offshoots of our outreach in the NRI market will now start seeing a lot more traction and result.  
Harsh Pathak: 
Sure. That's great. Thanks a lot. Those were my questions. Thanks a lot team.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to all the participants. If you wish to 
join the question queue you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your touchstone telephone. The next 
question is from the line of Neel Mehta from Investec Capital. Please go ahead.  
Neel Mehta: 
Yes, hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good nine months. My question is more 
around strategy around identifying which micro markets we want to incrementally grow within. 
We have obviously had a very good presence in the western suburbs and Thane. But how do we 
think about newer micro markets in the MMR region specifically also Navi Mumbai, considering 
infrastructure obviously has been very good out there and we also had an airport coming up? 
That's my first question. And the second one, not sure if I missed the number, but if you could 
also quantify what the sales were from Crown during the quarter? Thanks. 
Boman Irani: 
Neel, thank you for the reminder. I was wondering when I could put those numbers in. So, we 
are planning to do about ₹370 to ₹400 crores this year from Crown. Ritwik, that answers your 
question as well. And with regards to your first question, how do I look at newer markets? I 
think I would like to say it this way that our data points towards a few markets that we kind of 
work on and realize before most other people catch on to the trend. We have identified Mahim- 
Matunga area as a growth area for us. We have identified for some time now the eastern 
waterways as a growth area for us, wherever the connectivity to the Navi Mumbai site is where 
the new airport is coming up. We consistently have seen growth in the western suburbs. We have 
identified Chembur as an area of growth for us. We think that the connectivity of Chembur and 
the placement of Chembur and the green spaces around Chembur should also be adding a lot of 
value to the life of consumers. The way we design our projects, and you will see launch coming 
up shortly. So, we definitely work towards these markets. And as far as our secret sauce goes, 
though I cannot say more. You pointed us definitely in a direction or rather you've spoken about 
a direction where we are definitely pointed towards. And we are looking at the newer Mumbai 
or the Navi Mumbai market and our BD teams are, one part of the BD team is working very 
strongly. We should have something to announce in this calendar year as a tie up. But beyond 
that there's not much I can say.  

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Neel Mehta: 
Sure sir. Thanks. Those are my questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of T. T. Patel, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
T.T. Patel: 
Congrats on the numbers which you've achieved for the last nine months. I have got three 
questions. The first question I have, is there a clear date for launching the project which you had 
undertaken jointly with Ajmera in the beginning of the year?  
Boman Irani: 
Yes, Patel saheb. Basically, that project is well on its way to launch. As a matter of fact, work 
on site has started and I think we should be launching that project in June or thereabouts.  
T.T. Patel: 
And I mean just a small comment. I observed tremendous symbiotic potential between Ajmera 
and Rustomjee on this project. So, I think it's going to be in a great collaboration between the 
two of you. Especially if Ajmera may lean in more on Rustomjee. The next question is that I 
observed you have some recent engagement in Dombivli. Are you looking to procure land and 
what is the minimum land price that you are looking at?  
Boman Irani: 
So, thank you Patel Saheb for that encouraging statement about our tie up with Ajmera. 
Basically, Rustomjee has believed in the spirit of partnerships, and we have our JV-JDs as well 
as our redevelopments are all a testament to our ability to work with partners over the longer 
term. And there have been times where partners have repeated business with us which is a strong 
testament to our ability to continue growing in a partnership. With regards to the Dombivli, we 
had informed the buyers or the market that we have entered into a JD with a landowner. Again, 
this is in keeping with our asset light model. We have only put up a deposit and going forward 
all the development is going to be done by us. There's a top line share with the landowners and 
Rustomjee is going to be the developer. But we do not want to acquire land over there. While 
we will acquire lands in, let's say a future upcoming area. Dombivli for us is something where 
we want to kind of make the most of the current boom in that area. And as I mentioned, the 
connectivity of Dombivli has seen a tremendous upside with the connectivity to Thane and the 
entire metro route network going on out there. And over time this entire triangle, which is 
Bombay-Dombivli-Thane is going to be a great growth area given that Bhiwandi is continuing 
to grow as a logistics hub and more and more employment generation is taking place out there 
and people are looking at an alternative to Thane also as a location to live. And Rustomjee will 
continue to weave the magic out there with what we have done in Thane and we have seen Thane 
grow from a Rs. 2,000 market to a Rs. 25,000 market per square feet. As of right now we see a 
similar trend happening in Dombivli over the next few years.  
T.T. Patel: 
So, would you be open to entering JV for 25 acres worth of land in Dombivli area?  
Boman Irani: 
I am sorry, I missed your question. 25 acres of land in Dombivli area?  
T.T. Patel: 
Would you be open to engaging in a transaction or a joint venture for 25 acres of land?  

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Boman Irani: 
There is nothing better than an investor coming and offering us a proposal. We will happily look 
at it. Of course, it will have to fit into our business development norms and we have spelled 
those out well. JVs or JDs have got to be where Rustomjee puts in a minimal amount of entry 
fee and then goes ahead with the entire development basis, its ability and capability to turn 
projects around at the quickest.  
T.T. Patel: 
Okay, who's a relatively good point of contact to work with for this point?  
Boman Irani: 
We have an email-id properties@rustomjee.com. If you send us your proposal out there, that 
would be great.  
T.T. Patel: 
Thank you. No further questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may press ‘*’ 
and ‘1’ on your touchtone telephone. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question, you 
may press ‘*’ and ‘1’. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments.  
Boman Irani: 
Thank you. On behalf of Rustomjee management, each and every one of you a big gratitude 
from my heart. In case there are any further queries we are always available. Please feel free to 
reach out to us and we will be happy to take care of any queries that you may have. Thank you 
for your continued support and interest in Keystone Realtors Limited. Have a lovely evening.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Axis Capital, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
BIMAL 
KISHORE 
NANDA
Digitally signed 
by BIMAL 
KISHORE NANDA 
Date: 2025.02.16 
20:04:04 +05'30'
