HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2024-25/64
            Date – January 17, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and nine months ended December 
31, 2024, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors on January 14, 2025 which can also be 
accessed on the website of the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial-
information/shareholder-presentation 
Kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
Digitally signed by SONALI NITIN 
CHANDAK 
Date: 2025.01.17 17:09:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 34 
 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
Q3 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. NAOZAD SIRWALLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA – CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 34 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
From the management team, we have with us Mr. Navneet Munot, Mr. 
Naozad Sirwalla and Mr. Simal Kanuga. I now hand over this 
conference call to Mr. Simal Kanuga who will give us a brief 
following which we will proceed with the Q&A session. Thank you 
and over to you Simal. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thanks Neerav and good evening, everyone and thank you for joining 
us today. Firstly, on industry, it witnessed the 32% growth over 
December '23 and closed the calendar year with AUM of INR66.9 
trillion. Equity-oriented funds grew by 40% YoY with their AUM 
reaching INR39.3 trillion. Calendar year 2024 witnessed net new flows 
of INR5,420 billion in equity-oriented funds, clearly the highest ever. 
Additionally, INR1,031 billion flew into debt-oriented funds, INR429 
billion into liquid funds and INR1,461 billion into what we call it as 
Other category which includes ETFs, Arbitrage funds and funds of 
funds investing overseas. The numbers for the current financial year 
are INR4,382 billion for equity-oriented funds, INR1,256 billion in 
debt-oriented funds, INR832 billion in liquid funds and INR1,051 
billion in Other category.  
Nifty fell by 8% for quarter-ended December 2024. During this 
quarter, industry saw net new equity-oriented flows of INR1,573 
billion. INR191 billion coming in via actively managed equity-oriented 
NFOs and passive NFOs, both Index and ETF, collected about INR39 
billion. SIP monthly flows for December 2024 surged to INR265 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 34 
 
billion, an increase from INR176 billion in December 2023. The AUM 
through SIP is now at INR13.6 trillion. 
We now move to us. Our quarterly average AUM for December was 
INR7.9 trillion, a market share of 11.5%, with equity-oriented funds 
comprising 65%, well above the industry average of 57%. We continue 
to be the most preferred choice for individual investors, maintaining a 
market share of 13.2% of individual monthly average AUM for 
December 2024. 
Our number of live individual accounts grew to 22 million, a growth of 
49% year-on-year, and our December monthly average AUM for 
individual investors grew by 38% year-on-year. Our unique investor 
count reached 12.6 million, a growth of 45% year-on-year. We 
continue to strengthen our position as the second largest player in B30 
markets, with a 12% market share of monthly average AUM in 
December. To further expand our presence in the cities, we opened 25 
new offices, largely in B30 cities, on 2nd of January 2025.  
Our systematic transactions contributed INR38.2 billion in December 
2024, a significant increase from INR26.3 billion a year ago.  
A few more updates on the business front. Three of our funds are now 
live in our GIFT subsidiary with AUM exceeding USD 150 million. 
We aim to have two new products going live this quarter. Secondly, 
HDFC Flexi Cap fund has completed 30 years of its existence and 
continues to scale heights. Thirdly, we opened 25 new offices in 1st 
week of January, taking the total count to 280 offices. Interestingly, 
95% of our transactions are now getting processed digitally, a 
significant increase from 69% in FY20. 
I'll now move to financials. Our revenue from operations for the 
quarter came in at INR9,343 million, reflecting a 39% year-on-year 
growth, while other income amounted to INR928 million. Other 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 34 
 
income this quarter did get impacted by fall in equity markets due to its 
resultant impact on our skin-in-the-game investments. 
Our operating profit for the quarter came in at INR7,472 million, a 
growth of 51% year-on-year. Our operating margin for 9 months of the 
current fiscal came in at 36 basis points of AUM and for the current 
quarter, it came at 37 basis points. It would be optimal to not 
extrapolate this 37-basis point number, as it looks better due to sharp 
rise in AUM, material part of which is led by mark-to-market growth. 
In our experience, these things even out over time. Profit after tax for 
the quarter grew by 31% year-on-year at INR6,415 million. 
So, thank you very much for patiently hearing. Neerav, we can now 
start queuing up the questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, hi. 
Good 
evening, 
everyone. 
Good set 
of numbers, 
congratulations. Firstly, the SIP data that has been coming from the 
AMFI, another closure to opening ratio has been kind of increasing in 
the last couple of months and probably the past few months. Any 
pillars that you can share what you're getting from the ground? And 
how should we kind of look at this is an indicator of slowing down in 
some form, while the gross numbers continue to look up in that sense, 
but whether the momentum seems to be slowing down? That would be 
my first question. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you, Prayesh. So, on the SIP number, I think as AMFI has 
repeatedly mentioned, I think we need to look at; one, the gross flows 
and the redemption from the existing AUM. So, one is the flow, and 
another is from the stock. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 34 
 
Let me try to clarify this with an example. So, let's assume that I'm 
doing a monthly SIP of INR10,000 for the last five years. So, by now, I 
would have invested INR6 lakhs and say the market value is now 
INR10 lakhs. Now, I decide to pull out INR5 lakhs for any reason and 
continue with my monthly contribution of INR10,000. So, for this one 
month, my net SIP will be negative INR4.9 lakhs. So, this is nothing, 
but book versus the flow issue. 
Also, it's possible that I'm not pulling money out. I'm just switching 
INR5 lakhs from Fund X to Fund Y. This would again mean a negative 
SIP of INR4.9 lakhs and a positive lumpsum of INR5 lakhs. So, in a 
nutshell, what I'm trying to state is when we speak of SIP, let's look at 
gross flows. As far as we are growing there, it is good news. 
And now, as you know that the SIP AUM, if I remember correctly, is 
over INR13 lakh crores. That number is very significant. So, any 
movement from there would impact that net number. But my request 
would be to look at the number that AMFI discloses on the gross side. 
Prayesh Jain: 
My question was more on the number of SIPs rather than the gross and 
net? So, the closures – their ratio has been increasing -- terminated or 
the term getting over, that ratio is going higher to the opening. So, is 
there any trend change that you've seen on the ground on that? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, the number that we disclosed at INR26,000 crores in the last month 
is the money in the bank. That's the total money. And that has been an 
increasing trend. Within that, of course, in the last three or four years, 
the overall number of accounts have gone up exponentially. I mean, 
industry, if I remember correctly, 10-12 years back used to do around 
1.5 lakh new accounts per month. Now, that number is more than 50 
lakhs. 
So, obviously, you would have a, maybe that gross and net number in 
terms of accounts moving much more sharply than what we were used 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 34 
 
to. But most importantly, again, I would repeat the same thing, most 
importantly would be the gross number of flows that are coming to us.  
Simal Kanuga 
Actually, Prayesh, also we need to look at it on the denominator. So, 
just we pulled out some data here. If you look at in April of 2024, there 
were 8.7 crores transactions in SIP. Now, that number has gone to 
1,032 lakhs, so 10 crores transactions. And if you look at it, so the 
cancellation now has gone from 33 to say 44.90. So, that 4% is the 
cancellation ratio of the outstanding account. Looking at it in absolute 
sense may not give you the right picture. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that, got that. That's helpful. Secondly, on the yield front, we've 
again seen a marginal improvement in the yield front. I think what 
portion of our AUM is now kind of equity AUM is kind of linked to 
the new model that you were adopting from the commission getting 
linked to the TER. What portion of our AUM of equity is linked and 
how do we see the yields moving ahead from here on? 
Simal Kanuga: 
I think, okay, so what we did, right, I think Navneet had explained this 
on the last call. Between 2019 to 2024 whatever AUM we mobilized, 
on that we have done rationalization, but that has honestly not changed 
the yields by a material number because again, the AUMs have gone 
up over the last couple of quarters and that has kind of softened the 
TER. So, I think some bit of rationalization has worked well for us. We 
haven't really kind of disclosed the number in terms of what percentage 
of AUM is where we have kind of changed some bit or done bit of 
rationalization. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Could you give us the yields that you have on the current 
book,’ equity, debt, liquid, and others? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes. So, the yields for equity for this quarter were around 58 basis 
points, for debt 28 basis points and for liquid is between 12 and 13 
basis points. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 34 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Well, that's helpful. Thank you so much. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from 
IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just 
to clarify, there were no incremental changes made in this quarter in 
terms of distributor payouts. Is that right? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Distributor in sense, commission -- you're talking about past book 
rationalization? 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Yes, past book rationalization or cutting down on the distributor 
payouts for any of these. 
Simal Kanuga: 
That was effective from 1st of August. So, we did bit of 
rationalization. It was a one-time exercise, 1st of August 2024 
onwards. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, right. Okay. And sir, can you share some trend in terms of your 
market share in the net equity flows in this quarter versus the last 
quarter? Has it gone up, gone down? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean, as it is, there's so much data available about our industry. So, 
what we gave is a combined number which includes both mark-to-
market as well as flows. But overall, I think across all channels, 
whether it's national distributors, whether it's our parent, HDFC Bank, 
whether it's FinTechs, whether it's MFDs, whether it's Direct, I think 
we continue to see a very healthy share across all channels. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
All right. And so, what we've been noticing is that of the total net 
inflows that are coming into equities, a bulk of it is coming from 
thematics. Nearly 30-35% is coming from thematic scheme where we 
have always been a bit conservative on that category. So, what would 
be our strategy for that category going forward? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 34 
 
Navneet Munot: 
So, while you can say we have been conservative, we always try to do 
what is the best for our investors as well as for our partners. Having 
said that, you would appreciate we did probably the largest thematic 
fund so far in our industry, which was our manufacturing fund, which 
got over INR9,000 crores of flows and then added a couple of 
thousand crores after that. We've got the full bouquet of sector and 
thematic funds now, which is managed by our wonderful analyst team 
who are sector experts. And several of them have seen decent flows 
over the last several quarters. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right. So, any more NFOs in the pipeline? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think we have now best-in-class product bouquet across active and 
passive, across equity, fixed income, money market. Within passive, 
we have products across ETFs and index funds, both market cap-based 
indices as well as smart beta. So, we have got a wonderful product 
bouquet in place. 
 
There would be a few products here and there that we would look 
forward to put in our product bouquet. But otherwise, I think our 
product bouquet is best-in-class. What we need to do is keep looking at 
fair share in each of those categories. 
 
So, while in some of the categories, we are clearly an industry leader in 
terms of AUM and the market share that we have, but there are several 
categories where we have a lot of scope to expand our market share in 
those categories. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Any particular categories that you're targeting? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean, you can see our market share. There have been a few products 
which have been around for long, and we have a very healthy market 
share. But some of the products that have been launched in last couple 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 34 
 
of years, we believe there is still a lot of scope for us to expand our 
market share in those categories. 
 
And at the same time, I mean, we just celebrated 30 years of HDFC 
Flexi Cap fund, and the product has been an outstanding product, loved 
by our investors as well as distributors. That has a long way to go. It 
has a healthy share in that category, but it still has a long way to go. 
 
And at the same time, there are categories where we are not number 
one or number two or number three in those respective categories in 
terms of AUM. We aspire to have leadership in each and every 
product. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
And any strategy that you're drawing to become top three in this 
category? Is it focusing on any particular distribution channel or 
geographical expansion? Any particular thing that you can highlight? 
Navneet Munot: 
Ultimately, I mean, what investors reward is the performance. I mean, 
the consistency in terms of your performance track record, your 
investment thesis and clarity of the mandate. And of course, the other 
thing that we do in terms of providing the right content to our 
salespeople and the partners for them to enable or help investors 
understand their product and the relevance of that product in the 
investors' basket. 
 
So, we continue to focus on all of these things. How do we provide the 
best possible content on each of the products? And of course, it has to 
be backed by the best-in-class performance as well. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right. And, sir, any clarity on the SEBI-approved new categories that 
they have allowed for the mutual funds? When can we launch new 
schemes under that category? Or you're waiting for more clarity before 
launching any new schemes in that? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 34 
 
Navneet Munot: 
So, we are awaiting the final set of regulations. We will have products 
in this space as and when we get the final set of regulations. The team 
is working on creating the right set of products, which will help us gain 
share in this space too. It's not necessary that only highly complex 
products will succeed when it comes to this category. We are working 
on building products which will stand the test of time, and we are 
confident that we'll be able to create a mark and track record that we 
have in our current set of products. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Any timeline, sir, by when we can expect the final regulations? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, we are all waiting for the final set of regulations. I mean, the way 
we look at Devesh is that we have a large and diverse investor base and 
an extensive distribution network. And on the other side, we have a 
very robust investment capability and risk management expertise, 
right? So, both are in place. So, we would be able to create and deliver 
products that align with the evolving needs of our clients. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, sir. And one last question, sir, from my side. In the past, we 
have spoken about the synergies with the HDFC bank parentage, right? 
So, do you think that is now completely played out or there's still 
potential for that particular distribution channel to grow faster than 
other channels? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean, the way we look at our end is bank would have more than 100 
million customers. And the number of customers who would have 
done an SIP or who would have invested would be a very tiny fraction 
of that. I mean, look at the distribution might of the bank, whether in 
terms of geographic reach of branches or the people servicing or the 
client base that they have got. So, we have tremendous potential. I 
mean, the bank became our parent just a year and a half back. The 
journey post that has been very amazing. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 34 
 
 
And this is not only in terms of distribution, but overall relationship 
now that we have with the bank and as well as a its subsidiary like 
HDFC Securities. We continue to deepen our engagement on all fronts 
at all levels and are clearly seeing some results of the same. I'm sure 
many of you speak to senior management at HDFC Bank and will be 
getting the same feedback on us. 
 
They've been very supportive of what we do and our future plans. 
Bank strongly believes that a mutual fund SIP product or a mutual fund 
product is a big need of almost every customer. Team is working 
harder than ever to take the distribution partnership with the bank to 
the next level. 
 
And not only the domestic distribution, but even the synergies in our 
Gift City operations, synergies in our alternative business. So, we see 
tremendous potential for collaboration with the bank. I think Simal 
mentioned about our newer branches. 
 
So, I'll repeat that. While bank is growing its physical infrastructure at 
a rapid pace, and we are also ensuring that we have our presence to 
cater to their customer base. So, we have set up 25 new offices this 
year. And this is on top of 24 new offices that we set up exactly a year 
back. So, 50 new points of presence that we have created in just one 
year. We have mapped every cluster and branch.  
We have mapped, 
of course, for our other distribution partners also will get service. So 
yes, we have a plan in place and with the kind of support we are 
getting from not only the senior leadership, but I think from every 
level, I feel very optimistic on how this can grow over the years. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, great and all the very best. Thank you. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you so much. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 34 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Sahej Mittal 
from 3P Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. First, if I look at your SIP flow market 
share, right, so over the last 10, 12 quarters, consistently, the sales flow 
market share has improved, right? Obviously, in line with the 
performance which we have delivered. But in this quarter, immediately 
after we rationalized our commission, SIP flows have gone down by 
50-odd, right, where we were a year back. So, I mean, is this because 
of commission rationalization or is there anything beyond that? 
Navneet Munot: 
Not at all. In fact, by the way, I mean, I must clarify, we have 
mentioned it earlier also that what the number you see is systematic 
transaction, which includes both systematic transfer as well as a 
systematic investment plan, SIP plus STP. And sometimes it could be 
some, maybe a large ticker STP done by maybe an HNI customer or so 
that may have some impact on this number. 
 
The other thing I must mention that we stopped taking SIPs also in one 
of our product - defense funds, which was quite popular with some of 
the distributors and investors that may also have an impact because, I 
mean, one of the sector thematic funds which was getting a good 
amount of new SIP accounts because we were only taking SIPs in that 
fund. But at HDFC AMC for us, it's always about the thinking of 
customers from a long-term perspective and not trying to maximize the 
SIP flows or AUM every month, every quarter. But otherwise, yes, our 
share across all channels and across a couple of products has been 
pretty decent. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Also, I think, Sahej, one more point, if I may add, the largest 
contributor to SIPs have been some of these FinTechs, and they have 
no relation with commission. They put money in the direct plan. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Okay. Got you. Got you. Perfect. Thanks a lot. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 34 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama 
Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: Hi. Thank you and congratulations on a good set of numbers. First, 
quickly on, you know, the equity market share, there's a very minor 
decline. But I would really appreciate if you could give some 
comments. Is it because of flows or is it more because of, you know, 
performance? And I know that, you know, it's too minor to actually 
make a big deal about, but just some sort of comment on that would be 
helpful and whether we are sort of confident enough to maintain our 
market share going forward? 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure, sure. I mean, as you know, it's a combination of both mark-to-
market as well as the flows. And it's too small a difference, I mean, 
over the last several quarters, we have been seeing, you know, an 
uptick in the market share. There would always be one quarter where, 
depending on a particular category of fund performing differently, or 
maybe some bit of change in flows as well. But we wouldn't read too 
much into it. 
Madhukar Ladha: Yes, got it. Second, when I look at your equity AUM channel split, I 
see that the share of direct has improved substantially. And, even 
sequentially, year-over-year, almost 270 basis points improvement, and 
sequentially 50 basis points. And we've seen that. I want to get a sense 
of, is it more because, more index, passive products, or is it also to do 
with, changing behavior where, distributors are, or people are, retail 
people are still preferring to do, rising awareness resulting into this. So, 
some color, and also, platforms like Coin, Grow, those also probably 
would be helping? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, Madhukar, I mean, if it is 25%, and it has a lower TER, so by 
default, this channel will automatically grow higher than the other 
channels, right? I mean, just the share difference in the TER will lead 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 34 
 
this to grow higher. By the way, I mean, the distribution data provided 
should not be interpreted as an indicator of market share within the 
individual channel. Because it's entirely possible for one channel to 
grow at a faster pace than another, while our overall market share 
across both remains unchanged. So, you are right. I mean, you notice 
that right that over the last 12 months, the direct channel has grown 
from I'm just seeing the page - 24.3% to 27%. And then it's also to a 
large extent led by FinTech, and some of the RIAs, the Registered 
Investment Advisors. Rather than indicating a loss in any channel, I 
would say this change reflects broader industry dynamics. 
Madhukar Ladha: And do you think there's rising awareness towards, retail, HNI sort of 
investing direct? 
Navneet Munot: 
MFDs have been doing very well. In fact, also, when you look at 
MFDs, the decline in MFD share, you keep also another dynamic in 
mind. So MFDs who expand their business geographically, they get 
recategorized. So, some of these MFDs do move to platforms. And 
hence the transition happens from MFD channel to ND channel. So, 
they were getting clubbed in MFD and now they are part of ND 
channel. Keep that also in mind, yes. 
Madhukar Ladha: Understood. And just on the new asset class, is there clarity on what 
sort of additional strategies you could do? Will it allow like shorting? 
Will you be able to replicate like what AIFs and PMSs are doing? And 
second, on the taxation of these products, will it be taxed like mutual 
funds only or will it be something else? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, we are awaiting the final set of regulations I mentioned earlier. All 
I would like to state is that we have best-in-class investment capability, 
risk capability and product capability. And on the other side, we have 
the distribution network and an investor. So, I mean, any opportunity 
on the product side, whether it's the standard mutual fund products, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 34 
 
which have got the categorization, the products that we can launch, and 
tomorrow it gets more liberalized, and we are allowed to launch a few 
other products with a different set of risk return framework. As an 
organization, we are fully ready to capture every opportunity. 
 
We also mentioned earlier that whether it's active, whether it's passive, 
whether it's alternatives, whether it's segregated accounts, which is 
PMS, we want our presence across the board to ensure that we are a 
one-stop solution provider for every investment need of every investor, 
be it institutional or individual, and every kind of partners, investment 
solutions that they would look up to from an asset manager like ours. 
Madhukar Ladha: And any clarity also on the TER by any chance? Is there more 
flexibility on TER? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, not really. 
Madhukar Ladha: I mean, the same TER structure. 
Navneet Munot: 
The scale of our industry, I mean, today 67, 68 lakh crores and SIP 
book that has got built, and still it's usually underpenetrated. So, we 
wouldn't like to lose our focus from this runway of growth and any 
additional opportunity that comes to us, we would fully participate in 
that. 
Madhukar Ladha: Thank you. Thanks a lot, sir. And all the best. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from 
CLSA India. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, I have two questions. First is on 
this regulation change which happened in December. So, SEBI said 
that in NFOs, when the switch transaction, the distributors would now 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 34 
 
get lower commission versus earlier the trend of them taking the higher 
bit. So, can you help us understand what exactly is going on there and 
what is the impact on us in our NFOs, what part of it was just simply 
coming through switch, etcetera? That's my first question. 
 
And sir my second question is, probably I just want to understand the 
tax rate a little better, because last time was an anomaly, and I 
understand that you had explained it very well. But going ahead, how 
should we look at it? What are the factors which moves it around? If 
you could help us understand, why would it come at 23.6% this quarter 
versus, say, 25% in some other quarters? If you can help me 
understand that would be useful? Thank you. 
Navneet Munot: 
So, your first part of question, the brokerage on the NFO, we have 
always been very prudent, Shreya, on this front. We have been very 
particular about this. And in all our NFOs, we have ensured that on the 
switch, we pay the lower of the two. And on the tax side... 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
I think 25% is the corporate tax rate. Only the issue is that for mark-to-
market gains, there are long-term, etcetera, you have a deferred tax at a 
different rate, right? So that would mean that sometimes it comes at 23, 
24, etcetera. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. So, it's basically the mark-to-market gains, which basically 
moves your tax rate around that 25%. And that's the anomaly that 
could come through, right? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes, depending on if it's short-term, then it moves to long-term. So 
those are the impacts. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. And on the NFOs, I just wanted a clarity that you were always 
paying the lower commission, even before this regulation came, or 
even before the SEBI document that came in May ‘23, was that always 
a trend, or how was it? Sorry, I didn't understand. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 34 
 
Navneet Munot: 
By and large, yes. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay, by and large. Okay. This is useful. Thank you so much. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from 
Citi. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi. Good evening, sir. Hope I'm audible. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Two questions. One is on the other expense side. If I see there has been 
a sharp decline sequentially, and also on a Y-o-Y basis, it's quite 
controlled, despite the first half being quite high in terms of activity 
and engagement. Just wanted to get some sense of how should we see 
this going ahead in terms of trajectory on the other expense side, if 
there is any further head room to control it, or what sort of growth 
should we assume, given that you opened a few branches also here and 
there in January? And in line with that, also on the employee expense 
side, should we expect some amount of investment on the sales 
franchisee or the non-MF side, let's say, over the next 12 to 24 months? 
 
The second question is on, again, going back to the gross SIP flow 
market share. If I just see the ticket size for HDFC AMC versus the 
industry over the past, let's say, 12 months, both for December and 
September, HDFC AMC has witnessed a decline in ticket size for both 
these period ends, whereas the industry has seen an accretion. So is it 
fair to assume that, and anecdotally, you also know that the ticket size 
tends to be relatively lower on the FinTech channels. 
 
So, is it fair to assume that maybe there has been some moderation or 
customer churn or resilience of the customers during this market 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 34 
 
downturn is a little lower on those channels, and you're facing the heat 
of that? Just wanted to get some color on that. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Right. So, Dipanjan on expenses. So, for the quarter, I think, first of 
all, I would request that we look at from a nine-month to nine-month 
point of view, where that's a more reasonable way of looking at 
expenses. For the quarter, we didn't have so many NFOs this quarter. 
CSR expense was a bit lower. So that's why you see some decline in 
the December quarter. I think our request has always been that, see, on 
an annual basis, overall costs, employees as well as other expenses, 
should grow between 12% to 13% or 15%, give or take, depending on 
how markets are. So that's the way I would urge you to look at it, not 
on an every-quarter basis. So that's broadly where it is. So, this 
December quarter has been slightly lower, as I said, due to certain 
costs being lower from CSR. And on what the – you asked about the 
ticket size. 
Navneet Munot: 
I repeat the same point I made earlier, that what we disclose is 
systematic transactions, which include both STP and SIP. It's not 
strictly comparable when you see the industry number on that side. 
And it also depends on the money coming in from a particular channel 
or the kind of product. For example, we had a cap on our SIP amount 
per unique investor in our defense fund, which was like 10,000 rupees 
that one could do. And also, depending on the channel from which that 
money is coming in. But otherwise, I think we would be in line with 
the industry, if not better. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Maybe just a follow-up. I mean, would it be fair to assume that let's 
say, the accretion that you would have seen in your SIP mix through 
direct, and without going into specifics of Fintechs, would be, let's say, 
better than the industry or in line with the industry? Some color on 
that, if you can give. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 34 
 
Navneet Munot: 
No, I mentioned earlier that our share across channels has been very 
healthy, which includes MFDs, NDs, banks, the parent bank, HDFC 
bank as a distributor and Fintech. And our market share has been 
healthy across all channels. We focus on all channels. They all are 
important for us. And we continue to invest in all channels. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Sure. Thank you, sir, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raghvesh from JM 
Financial. Please, go ahead. 
Raghvesh: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I had a couple of questions. The 
first question is, when we look at our revenues yields, so essentially 
our equity share in the AUM has come off. None of our funds have 
actually reduced in a TER slabs. And you have said that there's 
incremental change in distributor payout. But still, the yields have 
increased by around 1 basis point, Q-o-Q. So, I mean, how do we, I 
mean, what explains this increase in yields? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, I think there are a couple of things, right. One is, if you look at last 
quarter, we did some bit of distribution commission rationalization 
effective 1st of August. So, if you compare this strictly with last 
quarter, it was, last quarter was two months. This quarter, the impact of 
the entire three months come by, point number one. Point number two, 
the direct plan change that happens because of the rationalization of 
commission tends to get affected with a bit of a lag. So, we've seen 
direct plan TERs go up somewhere in middle of September and then 
again in middle of October, so on and so forth. So, these things have 
resulted in a marginal increase. 
Raghvesh: 
Okay. And broadly, this is a good base for looking at Q-o-Q? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, I think Naozad pointed that out, right, saying that we did the 
quarter number at 58 basis points. Now, it depends, for example, if the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 34 
 
market really kind of shoots up again from where it is, you might see a 
decline because of increase in AUM. So, the telescopic pricing would 
work. But yes, otherwise, we start with a base of 58 basis points that 
Naozad touched upon. 
Raghvesh: 
Thank you. And the second question on the distribution. So, direct is 
now 27% of the business. So, what portion of this would be to a direct 
online channel? And has that been the major, driver of growth in the 
direct channel? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean, what we disclose, as I mentioned earlier from a competitive 
perspective, we don't disclose further. But as I mentioned earlier that 
we have fairly healthy share, whether the investors coming directly to 
us, investors coming through RIAs and investors coming through the 
FinTech. Within FinTech also, you have various kinds. There are some 
who are distributors who take the ARN and are commission-based. 
And there are some who put money in the direct plan. There are some 
who are what we call EOP, the Execution Only Platform, who charge a 
small transaction fee. So, there are different kinds. And we try to 
optimize our shares everywhere. 
Raghvesh: 
Okay, sir. Thanks for this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jayant from Jefferies 
India. Please go ahead. 
Jayant: 
Thanks for the opportunity. One question regarding the industry 
broader, we've seen that this quarter, there seemed to be some 
moderation in broadening of the investor base, whether you look at 
Demat accounts or active investors on exchanges. And then you sort of 
marry that with the addition that you had to unique investor base for 
the mutual fund industry. From these 1.1 million kind of number, we 
have done 800,000. And the industry also seemed like a 20%-22% 
drop in this quarter. What are you reading, given that we're already 14 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 34 
 
days into Jan? Is it a possibility we may have peaked out on the 
quantum of investor base addition or incremental investor addition for 
FY ‘25? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think we still have a long way to go. Last year was outstanding for 
the industry. Industry added almost 1 crore new unique investors, and 
almost 6 crores of folios. If you look at the SIP number, I mean, the 
one-year growth was like some 9,000 crores. This was the SIP book 
around three years back, right? I mean, what the entire book was three 
or four years back has got added in like one calendar year.  
 
And the overall equity AUM has grown by like 10/11 lakh crores, 
which was total AUM of the industry a few years back. So, it's been an 
outstanding year. Having said that, over the next several years, I think 
the efforts industry is making, efforts all of us are making, the work 
that regulator is doing to build more trust in the product to bring more 
transparency in the product, we feel very positive about the long-term 
opportunity. 
 
I mean, while we can celebrate all the numbers that I talked about, but 
we need to keep in mind there are only a little over 5 crores unique 
investors in the industry. Can we say that we have peaked at 5 crores 
unique investors in the industry? I mean, no way. You would know 
that better, I mean, if we compare ourselves with, I don't know, maybe 
the vehicle ownership or passport holders or the number of people who 
file income tax returns, many numbers, I think we still have a long way 
to go. 
Jayant: 
Just to follow up, sir, while the long-term trend, we all agree… 
Navneet Munot: 
Even in fact, sorry to interject, I think even if I look at the Demat 
accounts, which are like around 19 crores or so, I don't know how 
many unique investors in that, but I assume that number is 
substantially higher than what we have as an industry in terms of 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 34 
 
unique investors. So, people who have already invested in capital 
markets, but are yet to invest in mutual funds, that number is also like 
quite large. That would be like another, I would say, a cohort of, 
investors that we would like to target as an industry. 
Jayant: 
Yes. So just following up while the long term, trajectory we all agree 
on, could there be a sort of healthy consolidation in the near term 
where we see this large base of current year not being repeated at least 
for the next three, four quarters? 
Navneet Munot: 
See, one healthy thing is to see is that I think the market turned volatile 
sometime in September, I remember, and last quarter was extremely 
volatile with so much of foreigners selling and some of the other, you 
know, I mean, for other reasons that caused volatility in the market. 
And in this quarter, we have seen record flows in the mutual fund 
industry. I'm talking about the equity funds. 
 
And in terms of SIP addition, in terms of new account addition, it's 
been very, very pleasing for everyone in the industry. It shows the 
maturity of the investor. It shows that mutual funds are getting sold as 
a product where investors need to invest in a disciplined manner with a 
long-term orientation. Having said that you are right, there will be 
some cyclical aspect. 
 
If let's say we remain in a bear market for an extended period, it may 
impact overall sentiment that may have impact on whether the new 
investor addition or, a topping up of amount by the existing investors 
also. But I feel positive that this time a good part of our growth is 
structural in nature and not completely cyclical. 
 
Another interesting thing from our interaction with the distributors and 
investors, the one thing we notice is mutual funds have performed 
substantially better than what investors have witnessed in their own 
portfolios where they've invested directly. And they can clearly see the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 34 
 
comparison and the advantage of investing through professional 
managers like us. I think this will also keep us in good stead and will 
help the industry in building more trust among the investors that this is 
a better vehicle than, doing on your own. 
Jayant: 
Great. Just one last question if I could squeeze for the December 
quarter investor addition. Is it that the sort of this 20% drop was more 
in FinTechs versus the NDs? Anything qualitatively that you can call 
out? 
Navneet Munot: 
I don't have that handy. But the industry, as I said, in one calendar 
year, the total number of unique investors four years back, four and a 
half years back, I remember was 2 crores. And in one calendar year, 
we added more than 1 crore. 
 
As an AMC, we have added 40 lakh new customers in last 12 months 
or so. These are like phenomenal numbers. I also keep thinking that 
one investor addition, but the two, a big opportunity for us is also to 
ensure we get more allocation from the existing investors. 
 
Industry has done a very good job in spreading the word about Mutual 
Funds Sahi Hai, investing through SIP. But have you invested the right 
amount? Do you need to invest more to meet your goals? I think a lot 
of potential for us. And as an organization, we are putting a lot of 
effort as an industry, we are putting a lot of effort on that. I don't know 
if you've noticed, some of the media channels where our next target for 
Mutual Funds Sahi Hai is that are you investing rightly? And then are 
you investing the right amount that you need to invest? So, there's a lot 
of potential to get more money from existing investors also. 
Simal Kanuga: 
But Jayant, what number has dipped 20%? Because unique investors 
have grown from 5.01 crores to 5.26 crores, quarter on quarter. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 34 
 
Jayant: 
So, I was saying that in September quarter, we added 3.2 million new 
unique customers in the industry.  
Simal Kanuga: 
Do you mean the growth has slowed down by 20%?  
Jayant: 
Yes, incremental addition.  
Simal Kanuga: 
So, you are talking about growth on growth is not happening. Growth 
on growth is happening at a slower pace. At that pace, I think unique 
investors will beat Indian population. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saurabh from JP. 
Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh: 
Just one question. So basically, just on this SIP and the net new money 
in equity, given that Nifty return is now in the mid-single digits. And 
now, if this market continues like this, probably FD returns could start 
becoming better than equity, at least in a one-year view. You think 
there's a case that the net new money accretion in the industry and the 
SIP accretion starts to tone down from here? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean, I kind of answered before, but also that there's a lot of 
opportunity for us on the fixed income side, right? If you think that, 
where the interest rates are, there could be investors who want to 
allocate some bit to fixed income also. Last two, three years, because 
equity markets have done so well, investors have allocated, a larger 
proportion of their money into equity funds. But there are hybrid 
funds, we have asset allocation products, we have fixed income 
products. And I'm sure there is an opportunity for us to position 
ourselves for that allocation also. 
Saurabh: 
So, my point is basically... 
Navneet Munot: 
I think if you have an extended bear market, that may have some 
impact. But what as an industry we have been trying over the last five, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 34 
 
seven years in particular is to educate investors that you are investing 
for the long run. I just talked about 30 years of HDFC Flexi Cap fund. 
 
And what we try to showcase is that there have been many, many, 
many cycles, economic cycles, business cycles, profit cycles, political 
cycles. And across all of those periods, if you just stayed invested, 
what kind of returns you have got over a period of time, what kind of 
experience you had in terms of compounding your money with a 
disciplined investing. And I'm hoping that, as entire industry is making 
these efforts, I'm hoping that investors take a more longer-term view 
and don't get swayed by the volatility. 
 
But of course, I take your point, there are a lot of investors who come 
in last three, four years, they haven't seen a severe correction, first time 
they've seen some bit of correction in the market. And we have to wait 
and watch for their behavior in this cycle. 
Saurabh: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mohit Mangal from 
Centrum Broking, please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. Just one question. So, we have seen the SIP discontinuation 
rate to be high in the industry. So just to get a sense for HDFC AMC 
was the ticket size for SIP less than say 5,000 or was a higher ticket 
size, or more than 25,000? Any color on that, would be very helpful. 
Navneet Munot: 
Sorry, I didn't get that. You're asking for the ticket size of the SIPs? 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes, SIP discontinuation rate. Obviously, we would have seen 
something for the quarter, right, for the company. So just wanted to get 
a sense of the ticket size of those SIPs. Were they higher, say greater 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 26 of 34 
 
than 25,000, or were they less than say 5000? Just wanted to get a 
sense of that. 
Navneet Munot: 
We mentioned earlier that you look at the total number of SIP 
accounts, and then you look at the new addition and the cancellation. 
This is not really so material as you are making out to be. And also, as 
I mentioned that we don't give the SIP number, we give systematic 
transactions, which include both SIP as well as the STP. STP is a 
Systematic Transfer Plan. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes, I just wanted to understand as to, we are seeing in the industry 
that discontinuation rates to be high. So just wanted to get a sense as to 
why, are the ticket sizes a concern or basically it's just the market 
returns? 
Navneet Munot: 
There are many factors. Somebody can start with, let's say, in five 
different funds. And then depending on the view, they may change. 
They may add another two funds and stop SIP in the existing two 
funds, right? Now, those two where they have stopped will go as 
cancellation. Those two where they have started the SIP will go as 
new. It could be the same fund or; it could be a different fund out. So 
that there are many factors at play. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Okay. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. Next question is from the line of Priyanka from 
Trident Capital, please go ahead. Priyanka, may I request you to 
unmute your line and proceed with your question.  
Priyanka: 
Yes. So, my first question is that what is the strategy for attracting 
passives, especially EPFO flows, considering they are the biggest 
investor in this segment? There was an EPFO tender in 2023, which 
was open to private AMC players also, but I guess we did not win that. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 27 of 34 
 
So is this tender up for renewal or any new talks on getting some share 
of this EPFO flow? 
Navneet Munot: 
As and when that happens, we will consider that. It will surely be, I 
mean, we will surely consider that as and when it comes back for 
tender. 
Priyanka: 
So, is there, when will this tender come up for renewal? Is there any 
particular date, a periodic tender or anything? 
Navneet Munot: 
Everybody will come to know at the same time. So, I don't think we 
have any prior information. 
Priyanka: 
Okay. Next thing, just there was this question on employee expenses 
earlier also. So, I'm just looking at the employee expenses for the last 
nine months. Okay. The employee expenses have gone up 9% 
compared to nine months, the previous period. But our branches have 
increased by 25. Is this the rate that, we are looking at that, the 
employee expenses goes up by 9% to 10% assuming a branch 
expansion, or how is it that we take into consideration for employee 
expenses? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
I'll just clarify. The employee expenses is the total expense you're 
looking at. That has a component of the ESOP cost as a non-cash 
component of employee expenses. So, for the previous nine-month 
period, that was INR37 crores. The same number for this nine-month 
period current is INR17 crores. 
Priyanka: 
Okay. Okay. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, if you take that off, then you will see a reasonable increase in 
employee expenses. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 28 of 34 
 
Priyanka: 
So, what is, on an annual basis, considering the 25 branch increases, 
what is the employee expenses increase that I should, look at for my 
modelling purpose? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, we don't give out guidance specifically as a general matter. I think 
employee expenses across the board, as this is financial services sector, 
and we would do what is appropriate given the business cycle where 
we are in for employees when we look at costs for next year. We've 
always been very prudent and rational on our costs for these employee 
expenses or other costs. 
 
At the same time, if you have to invest in people and technology and 
network, etcetera, we'll do it at the right point. Again, to clarify, and 
we did mention this in our previous quarters call, when these branches 
are while they are, the offices, as we call them, are still small offices 
manned by a couple of people. It's not a very material, from a cost 
point of view or a people point of view, that it really changes. Of 
course, you have to man the branches etcetera, but it's not like a 
material increase in cost because of 25 new branches or offices. 
Priyanka: 
Okay. Yes, thanks for that answer. That's from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bhavin Pande from 
Athena Investments. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, sir, how do we look at 
protecting fund performance in a down cycle if we were to extrapolate 
this kind of scenario, panning out maybe for a longer horizon? And 
secondly, again, not going too granular on flows side, have we seen 
any reorientation both from direct and non-direct channels in terms of 
allocation towards funds where belief is that certain sectors are 
overheated or maybe performance might not come. So, they have 
reoriented to other strategies which had not done for maybe last couple 
of years? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 29 of 34 
 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. So, we have seen some bit of change in terms of the categories 
that get more flows. While we try to educate as much as possible that, 
investors should not have a recency bias, don't look at the returns of 
last six months, 12 months or so and then allocate your money, 
accordingly, focus on the larger goal planning, asset allocation and 
then the fund selection. 
 
Having said that, the recent performance has some implications while 
industry tries very hard, as I mentioned earlier, to educate investors to 
ensure that they invest from a longer-term perspective. What was your 
other question on the fund performance? Actually, I mentioned it 
earlier that, in fact, in the presentation, Chirag was showing that when 
you look at number of stocks that have fallen from the 52-week high 
versus, I think, if you look at the fund performance or if you look at, 
the alpha that has been generated by several funds, I think fund 
managers have done a very good job during this period of drawdown. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay. And so macro funds, given the high-frequency indicators 
pointing towards maybe an extended period of higher interest rates, 
would we sort of ramp up our efforts towards scaling up the debt 
business as well, barring the fact that equity might not do well, again, 
just purely from a debt perspective? 
Navneet Munot: 
We have a full bouquet of products to meet every need of the investor. 
Having said that, our message to investors has been that they need to 
think from a longer-term perspective. I don't think that they need to 
stop the allocation because equity markets have not been doing well 
over the last few months or may or may not do well in the next few 
months. 
 
I think it's about the allocation. I'm sure in several of the presentations, 
people from our industry show that if you missed out on a few good 
days or a few weeks of, let's say, up-cycle, you miss out on a very 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 30 of 34 
 
large part of the market. And that's why it might sound like a cliche 
that it's the time in the market and not the timing that really adds to the 
wealth creation. 
 
And over the last couple of years, this is what I think industry has done 
very well in delivering this message that you need to invest in a very 
consistent and disciplined manner and don't get swayed by the 
volatility but actually take advantage of the volatility. Over the last few 
months, we feel very positive looking at the investor behavior, and I 
feel that investors should continue to invest with a long-term horizon. 
Bhavin Pande: 
That was helpful, sir. Good luck to the entire team. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Lakshminarayanan from Tunga 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: Hi. A couple of questions. First is that what has been our market share 
growth in or how are we seeing growth in the hybrid and balanced 
advantage funds when compared to the market? Are we growing faster 
or do we have any product gap there? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, I think we have been a pioneer in that category. Our balanced 
advantage fund is the largest actively managed equity-oriented fund in 
India, hybrid fund, and dynamically managed I mean, current AUM 
would be like in excess of INR90,000 crores. And across the board, 
whether it's the hybrid equity, conservative debt product, asset 
allocator fund, multi-asset fund, there are like many products that we 
have got to meet various kinds of needs of investors and our partners. 
 
Historically, we always had a high share in that segment, and we 
continue to build that portfolio. In terms of product gap, I don't see 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 31 of 34 
 
now. I think almost all the products which are allowed as per SEBI 
Categorization, we are already present. 
Lakshminarayanan: The second question is related to the VWAP rule or some kind of 
contours of some certain things that came up by either AMFI or SEBI. 
Does it actually affect you, how you have actually taken up that? 
Because I understand the effects of Mid Cap and Small Cap in 
particular, and that we have a large Mid Cap and Small Cap Funds. So, 
can you just tell me more about that? Is it actually becoming difficult 
for you to manage large sums of money in those schemes because of 
this rule? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, I have not heard that from our fund managers. By the way, I mean, 
we at AMFI and regulators, we work very closely. I mean, SEBI 
always talked about the co-creation of regulation and best practices. 
Everything that we do is to enhance transparency. Everything that we 
do is to build more trust in the product. And we work very, very 
closely with the regulator from AMFI side. 
Lakshminarayanan: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from 
Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and Happy New Year to the team. I had 
two questions. One was on regulations. In 2023, there was a lot of talks 
about TER from scheme-based to fund-based. Anything that you've 
heard on that incrementally from the regulators in your sense of the 
same? 
 
Second question was in terms of last 2 years being very good for the 
industry. Talking about in terms of growth, SIP, growth in the unique 
investors. What are the key risks that you see from here on in the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 32 of 34 
 
business, both medium term and long term? Can you talk about these 
two? 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you, Kunal, and wish you too a very Happy New Year and wish 
everybody on the call a very, very Happy New Year. On the TER, in 
fact, I've been stating that the telescoping structure, especially in case 
of equity-oriented schemes, does have an impact on the TER. And the 
current formula incorporates this mechanism, and its effects have been 
evident over the last couple of years. So, in our opinion, further 
regulatory intervention may not be necessary to pass on the benefits of 
scale to the investors. The scale benefits have been passed on to the 
investors over the last couple of years.  
The risk to our business, of course, because if you look at our AUM, 
the growth consists of two things. One is the mark-to-market. The 
second is the flows. If markets don't do well, which is the last couple 
of weeks, it impacts our AUM. If this kind of market trend continues 
for an extended period, it may also have an impact on the flows, while 
we believe that a good proportion is coming in the form of systematic 
transactions and that should continue. And it may offer other 
opportunities to look at fixed income and some of the other categories. 
But yes, that would be one of the key risks given our business, yes. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. Thank you so much. All the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So just two 
questions. One was the non-cash charge which you're talking about in 
the employee expenses. So right now we have the existing plan which 
is going on and for the next full year, do we have any new plans which 
are there in the pipeline, in terms of outlook on the non-cash charge? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 33 of 34 
 
Navneet Munot: 
We haven't discussed that so far. 
Lalit Deo: 
Okay. And so just lastly, when you're talking about in the systematic 
transaction, so can you just give us like how much would be the SIP 
book and how much would be the STP book on a qualitative basis? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Lalit, we don't give that split. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Ajay Jain, 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead.  
Ajay Jain: 
Sir, this is regarding accounting entry. Can you explain other income 
that has been a big difference in quarter 2 and quarter 3? What 
constitutes other income in your accountings? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Sir, largely other income is what we earn on the investments we have 
made from our balance sheet. And the movement that you see between 
the September quarter and the December quarter is largely on account 
of the equity mark-to-market loss of the investments that we have to 
make. 
 
Those investments are largely due to the SEBI skin in the game 
circular which requires the AMC to put its own balance sheet capital 
into its own fund in a pre-prescribed formula. And since the markets 
were lower in the quarter, there is a mark-to-market loss on the equity 
investments. 
Ajay Jain: 
Fair enough. Can I conclude it? What I have understood of it is that if 
the market increases, the value of the shares increases, then you have a 
better margin in other income and vice versa. Am I so, sir? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes, sir. So, we have to mark-to-market our investments. 
Ajay Jain: 
Mark-to-market. Fair. Got you, sir. Thank you so much. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 34 of 34 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last 
question. I would now like to hand this call over to Mr. Navneet Munot 
for closing comments. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you so much. I wish you all a very Happy Makar Sankranti, 
Pongal and of course I wish you and your loved ones a very Happy 
New Year. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of HDFC Asset Management 
Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
