 
 
 
 
January 21, 2025 
 
To, 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Company Code No.: 543972
To, 
The Listing Department. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: AEROFLEX
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call held on January 16, 2025 for Q3 & 
9MFY25 Results 
 
In reference to our earlier intimation dated January 16, 2025, regarding audio recording of the 
Investors’ Conference Call and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of 
Investors’ Conference Call held on Thursday, January 16, 2025 at 11:00 a.m. (IST) for Q3 & 
9MFY25 Results. 
 
The transcript is also available on Company’s website at: 
 
https://www.aeroflexindia.com/wp-content/uploads/Transcript-of-Q3-9MFY25-Earnings-
conference-call-held-on-January-16-2025.pdf 
 
The audio recording of the Investors’ Conference Call held on January 16, 2025 for Q3 & 
9MFY25 Results is available on Company’s website at: 
https://www.aeroflexindia.com/wp-content/uploads/10028857.mp3 
 
Request you to kindly take the above information on records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For AEROFLEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
Kinjal Shah  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M No.: A58678 
 
Encl: As above 
KINJAL 
KAMLESH 
SHAH
Digitally signed by 
KINJAL KAMLESH 
SHAH 
Date: 2025.01.21 
18:31:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Aeroflex Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY25 Results Conference Call” 
January 16, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
mentioned on company website will prevail.” 
https://www.aeroflexindia.com/wp-content/uploads/10028857.mp3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASAD DAUD – MANAGING DIRECTOR – AEROFLEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT TEAM: AEROFLEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR – AEROFLEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Aeroflex Industries Limited Q3 and 9 
Months FY '25 Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Asad Daud, Managing Director, Aeroflex Industries 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Asad Daud: 
Thank you so much. Good morning to everyone. I welcome you all to the Q3 Earnings Call of 
Aeroflex Industries Limited. Joining me today are our senior management team and 
representatives from SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. I hope that you have had the 
opportunity to review our financial results and the investor presentation which is available on 
the stock exchange and our company's website. 
 
At Aeroflex, we prioritize innovation and flexibility to deliver high-value solutions for diverse 
range of industries. Leveraging our advanced technology and our team's expertise and skill set, 
we create exceptional products for our customers while ensuring sustainability and maintaining 
our reputation for reliability and commitment to excellence. 
 
I'm pleased to share the highlights of our performance for the third quarter and for the 9 months 
ended 31st of December 2024. I'm happy to share that our total income for Q3 increased by 35% 
on a year-on-year basis. Our EBITDA margins improved by 48% on a year-on-year basis and 
the contribution of assembly business to our total sales for the 9-month period increased to 49% 
which enabled us to reach our target almost a year ahead of schedule in terms of the contribution. 
 
We have successfully met our EBITDA margin targets for our year that we had promised at the 
start of the year with an increase of 100 basis points in our EBITDA margins. This 
accomplishment is due to the increase in sales from our assembly business and as a result we 
will continue to focus on strengthening our EBITDA margins by focusing on more value-added 
products in the near future. 
 
We are delighted with the growth that we have achieved in Q3 and the 9-month period which is 
driven by our strategic efforts towards increasing the sales of the assembly business and also 
increase in the sales of project-based orders from the domestic market. We have witnessed a 
significant increase in sales of assembly, both in the domestic as well as in the international 
markets.  
This highlights our ability to cater to both the evolving needs of the Indian market as well as the 
global customer base, reinforcing the value that we deliver across the entire world. The demand 
from some of the key domestic players in the last quarter is also a testament to our growing 
presence and recognition in the local market as well and at the same time we continued to focus 
and to strengthen our export business. 
 
Our oil and natural gas segment and our steel business has seen an uptick in this quarter driven 
mostly by domestic and international demand. On the operational front, we have successfully 
completed our capacity expansion plan by increasing our production capacity to 16.5 million 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
meters for stainless steel hose and braiding. And additionally, we have also started the 
production of our metal bellows division. 
 
I'm happy to share that we are planning to expand into miniature metal bellows. These bellows 
are precision-engineered components which are similar to metal bellows, but these are smaller 
in sizes as compared to the large metal bellows. They range in sizes from 10mm to 50mm in 
diameter and are used in advanced industrial application.  
The manufacturing capacity for these miniature bellows is projected to be 240,000 pieces 
annually which is approximately 20,000 pieces a month and is estimated to be completed by 
March of next year which is March of 2026. 
 
In addition, we are also expanding our capacity of stainless steel hose and braiding from 16.5 
million meters to 20 million meters and it is projected to be completed again by March 2026. 
This additional 3.5 million meters will be utilized to meet our increasing demand for stainless 
steel hose and braid and assemblies in the international and as well as in the domestic market. 
We are also planning to increase our assembly stations from 40 currently to about 70 within the 
next 1 year. 
 
Our subsidiary which is Hyd-Air which has its facility in Chakan, Pune has undergone a 
significant upgrade in terms of its infrastructure, which includes enhancements to the quality lab 
and to the R&D center. We are also pleased to announce the addition of advanced and new 
technology CNC machines, and we have also received a major order from the railway coach 
factory which has contributed to the growth of Hyd-Air in this quarter. And we are also planning 
to install more such CNC machines in the near future as well. 
 
As part of our commitment to sustainability and for ESG compliance, we have taken significant 
steps to reduce our environmental impact. And I'm happy to share that we have commissioned 
a 750-kilowatt rooftop solar project which will help us significantly reduce our reliance on non-
renewable energy sources. It will also help us to reduce our electricity cost and reduce our carbon 
footprint. 
 
As our company scales up, we believe that we need to further professionalize the management 
and in order to achieve our long-term objectives of growth and hence I'm delighted to share that 
we have appointed Mr. Kiran Kagalkar as the Chief Operating Officer of the company with 
effect from 1st of February 2025. Mr. Kiran brings with him more than 37 years of experience 
in the engineering industry. And he has worked for more than 25 years at Parker Hannifin India 
which is the subsidiary of Parker Hannifin U.S. which is a USD20 billion global giant in the 
industrial engineering space. He was a General Manager at Parker India, and he was incharge of 
the entire P&L of the Motion Systems division which he helps scale to an annual turnover of 
more than INR600 crores with a 25% margin.  
I'm sure that Mr. Kagalkar will be a catalyst in helping us achieve our long-term objectives and 
goals. As we look ahead, we are focused on strengthening our team as well our sales in both the 
assembly and the fittings business. We are also excited about the upcoming automization project 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
of our assembly section which will start from this quarter, which is Q4, which we believe will 
have a significant impact on our revenues starting from the next financial year. 
 
In line with our goals, we are also looking for ways to grow both organically and through new 
opportunities to keep our momentum going. We'll be focusing on new product development, 
capacity expansion and growing the domestic and international project-based sales which will 
help us to create long-term value for our shareholders. 
 
This has been a transformative time for our company. And with the consistent growth in income 
margins and in operations, we are confident that we -- that our focus on innovation and strategic 
initiatives will help us to grow sustainability in the years ahead.  
                                                Now talking about some of the financial metrics in terms of our Q3 highlights. I'm happy to 
share that for the first time in the history of the company, our Q3 total income stood at INR100 
crores which is a growth of 35% on a year-on-year basis. 
Our EBITDA stood at INR22 crores which is a growth of 48% on a year-on-year basis. And our 
EBITDA margin was at 22%.  
Our PAT for this quarter stood at INR15 crores which is a growth of 68% on a year-on-year 
basis. And our PAT margins for this quarter was at 15%.  
Talking about the 9-month highlights. Our total income for the 9 months stood at INR287 crores 
which is a growth of almost 18%.  
Our EBITDA stood at INR62 crores which is a growth of 25%. And our EBITDA margins for 
the entire 9-month is at 22%.  
Our profit after tax for the 9 months stood at INR41 crores, which is a growth of 30% on a year-
on-year basis.  
With this, I would like to conclude my speech and open the floor for Q&A. Thank you so much, 
everyone for joining the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
                                                The first question is from the line of Surabhi from NV Alpha. Please go ahead. 
Surabhi: 
Congrats on a very good set of numbers. I have a couple of questions. The first one would be 
what kind of capex are you going to put for the miniature metal bellows which is I think the 
capacity is 2,40,000 and additionally, apart from that what kind of capex is going to be in the 
subsidiary and also for the 35 lakh meters expansion that you're doing in hoses? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes. So, in terms of the capex, the -- for the miniature metal bellows we have planned a capex 
of approximately INR23 crores for the -- for increasing our capacity in the stainless steel hose 
and braiding from 16.5 million meters to 20 million meters and also adding the assembly station 
from 40 to 70 plus also robotizing and atomizing a lot of the welding process. The entire capex 
for this particular stainless steel hose division would be about INR54 crores. 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
And then in Hyd-Air, we had budgeted a capex of INR18 crores two quarters back. Out of that, 
we have spent approximately INR6.5 crores. And the remaining INR11.5 crores would be spent 
over the next 1 year to upgrade the facility of Hyd-Air plus also for adding new machines and 
new equipments that will be utilized in Hyd-Air. So that is the overall capex plan from now up 
until March 2026. 
Surabhi: 
Got it. And another question how is the margin profile different in the miniature metal bellows 
from the regular ones? And between assemblies and just hoses what is the margin differential 
currently? 
Asad Daud: 
So, in terms of miniature metal bellows, so these are similar to metal bellows in terms of the 
design aspect, but it is just that they are smaller in size with more higher precision. The margins 
in this particular bellows which is of smaller size it tends to range anywhere between 30% to 
35% on an average. And in terms of the hose and the assembly, so the margins in the hose 
business ranges anywhere from 15% to 19% and in the assemblies, it ranges from 22% to 25%. 
Surabhi: 
Got it. That’s all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Agrawal from Carnelian Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers in the capex plans. The 
first question was on the metal bellows project which we have recently commenced rate. So, like 
is the plant going as per our expectation or are we facing any issues? And have we started trial 
production and like approvals with customers, if you can highlight a bit on that, sir? 
Asad Daud: 
Okay. So yes, we have already started the production at our metal bellows plant. We have already 
applied for the certifications, and we have sent a lot of samples to our customers for the approval. 
We have already started to receive orders from the domestic market, and we have already begun 
the dispatch of the same. We are in talks with a few customers for the orders from the export 
market and we are expecting to receive the same in this month. So far, the project is on track. 
 
Obviously, the real -- since it is a highly technical product, the initial -- there will be an initial 
gestation period to scale up or to ramp up the production because it is directly linked to the 
orders from the customers. So, we will expect that in the next couple of quarters we can see 
slowly and steadily the growth in the metal bellows division. And also, the miniature metal 
bellows will also act over a period of the next -- after three or four quarters it will also act as a 
product basket which we can offer to our customers. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Sir like on the metal bellows like how do we see capacity utilization basically like by end of this 
year, where do you expect to reach in like when do you expect to fully utilize it, like any time 
period you are looking at or any internal targets? 
Asad Daud: 
So ideally, I think we can expect the optimum utilization of -- for the metal bellows in the 
financial year of '26-'27 because right now we have just started. So, FY '25-'26 would ideally be 
the first full year for that particular business. So, in terms of peak utilization or optimum 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
utilization we can look at FY '26 to '27 would be the year that we will reach the optimum 
utilization for bellows. 
Aman Agrawal: 
And sir when do we break even in this new plant like we've spent INR40 crores for this project 
like at what level of utilization do we breakeven and like anything on that side and do we achieve 
that in financial year '26 itself or like would that basically drag down to FY '27? 
Asad Daud: 
So, in terms of profitability and breaking even we would definitely be profitable from the metal 
bellows business starting from the next quarter which is Q1 of FY '26 in itself. Obviously, in 
terms of the return on the -- or the ROI on the investment I think that would be generated in the 
financial year of FY '26 or '27 because in terms of the capex that we have done, we have also 
purchased a lot of quality control machines which will be a part of both Phase 1 and Phase 2.  
So, some of the capex for phase 2 in terms of the equipments, in terms of the quality control and 
in terms of certain testing equipment side we have already purchased for both the phases. So, 
hence, the ROI on this investment would be achieved in FY '26-'27. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Understood, sir. And sir like what milestones will we be waiting for before going ahead with the 
phase 2 like what level of utilization we want to reach or like how much order book we want 
before we go ahead with the phase 2 for metal bellows? 
Asad Daud: 
So, in terms of that, so there'll be a couple of factors that will depend in terms of our expansion 
in phase 2. So, one is as I mentioned even in metal bellows there are various sizes that are being 
produced right from 50 mm to all the way up to 3,000 mm. So, we will be doing the expansion 
of the phase 2 in terms of a phased manner depending on what sizes that are we getting the most 
order from.  
So, say, for example, if we get a lot of orders say in terms of the 500 mm size and if our machines 
for the 500 mm are being fully utilized then we would spend on getting the machines which can 
produce 500 mm of bellows. So, we -- so in that manner like the phase 2 of metal bellows there 
would be a project which would also depend on the results of the phase 1 in terms of what kind 
of machines and what sizes of the machines that you want to order for phase 2. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Got it, sir. Sir, a question on the miniature metal bellows, so like... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Aman, could you please come back in the queue for further questions. 
The next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from Ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Congratulations on very good set of numbers. So, sir, my first question is regarding exports. So, 
if you can talk about the reason for slower growth in exports for the last 9 months? And what is 
the outlook for the export business growth in FY '26? 
Asad Daud: 
So, if you see in terms of the growth on a year-on-year basis. So as compared to Q3 of FY '24, 
our exports have increased. Obviously, our domestic sales has increased in a much higher ratio 
as compared to our export, but there is also a growth in the exports business. In the domestic 
business, we have seen some two, three large project orders from the oil and gas and  the steel -
- from the steel industry which is the reason for the uptake in the domestic sales. 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
Also, if you see that in terms of a lot of the project orders that we got in Q3 we have been 
working on these project orders for the past almost 6 months and the results of it actually came 
in Q3. So, hence even now that we have been working on certain orders and certain projects 
whose results may come in Q4 or maybe in Q1 of the next financial year. So, there is no degrowth 
in exports, it's just that domestic has grown slightly higher as compared to exports. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Sure. Sir, just two follow-ups on this. First, if you can talk about what is the life cycle of those 
new projects which you have got in the domestic, are those like long-term 2 year to 5 year 
projects or is it like onetime supply and then you will keep supplying the replacement demand, 
that is the first -- yes, sure, please go ahead? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes, please continue with your question then I will answer. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Yes, sure. And the second follow-up was on the margins because in the past, I think you've 
explained that the margins in the export business are higher as compared to the domestic. So, if 
the domestic business keeps growing faster, how should we think about the margins going 
ahead? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes. So, in terms of the project orders. So, these orders are for a specific project and once 
executed the replacement demand for the same would probably come in the next financial year 
or within the next 1.5 years in terms of the replacement demand because the replacement demand 
would come when the project is completed, and it starts to run. And then obviously, there will 
be repairs and maintenance required for that particular project.  
So, the project -- and so it's not that the projects only come in a certain quarter we have projects 
throughout the year. It's sometimes that some of the projects can come in one particular quarter 
and then in some quarters you will have lesser projects. So, if you see from an annual basis, we 
get a lot of projects throughout the year. And -- sorry, what was your second question I missed 
out. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Yes. Sir, outlook on the margins because exports is usually higher margins if domestic keeps 
growing faster, yes? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes. So, in terms of our assembly so if you talk about both the domestic as well as the export 
business. In both the businesses we have seen a significant growth of the assembly business. 
And when I talk about the assembly business the assembly business has definitely much better 
margins as compared to our hose and braid business.  
I agree that export has a higher margin as compared to the domestic, but the margin variation in 
the assembly when compared to export and domestic, there is not much of a difference. Yes, 
there might be slightly a few percentage points difference that's natural, but it is not an extremely 
significant difference which would have a very negative impact for us. So as long as our sales 
of assembly business increases, whether it is in the domestic or if it is in the export business, 
you will see that the company getting good margins in the near future. 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Deep Gandhi: 
Sure, sir. And sir just last follow-up. You mentioned that you are working on some other project 
business in the domestic side. So, if you can maybe quantify the amount of opportunity for which 
you are bidding for the few projects which you are expecting in future? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes, it's slightly difficult to do that because in terms of -- there are a lot of projects where we 
bid. Sometimes we get the orders, sometimes we don't get the order also. So, it will be slightly 
difficult to comment on that. So, I'm afraid I'm not able to comment much on that. 
Deep Gandhi: 
No problem. Thanks for answering my question.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praveen Motwani from Bank of India Mutual Funds. Please 
go ahead. 
Praveen Motwani: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the good set of numbers. So just two questions from 
my end. Sir, what was the volume of -- in Q3 and what was our utilization rate? 
Asad Daud: 
So generally, we measure our sales in terms of the value because like I mentioned because in 
terms of the volume, the more the sales of the assembly business that we have, the better the 
margin for us. And in terms of -- I can tell you that in this quarter, in the last quarter, which is 
Q3, we received a lot of the orders from the assembly's business of higher sizes.  
So, there was a higher production of bigger sizes of assembly. So, when I talk about the bigger 
sizes, I'm talking about starting all the way from 3 inches, all the way up to 14 inches. So, we 
saw a significant demand of the higher diameter of assemblies. And hence, obviously, when we 
have a higher demand of the assemblies, and we saw the same in both in the domestic business 
as well as in the international business as well.  
So, in terms of our expectation also we have also focused on reducing our inventory. So, if you 
go through the P&L, you'll see that we have -- we are focused on reducing our inventory and 
that will be the focus of the company also in the near quarters to optimize our inventory so that 
we have a better working capital cycle. 
Praveen Motwani: 
Okay. Understood. And the second question is, sir, what was the revenue of Hyd-Air 
Engineering in this quarter? 
Asad Daud: 
So, revenue for Hyd-Air Engineering in this quarter was INR3 crores and the profit was INR36 
lakhs approximately. Although the profit -- I'm talking about net profit, the profit percentage is 
approximately 12%. But currently the scale of Hyd-Air is still extremely small. And I think once 
our entire expansion plan is completed and once the entire facility is running at its optimum, I 
think we can see a profit in Hyd-Air of close to 15%-odd net profit, 15% to 20%-odd. 
Praveen Motwani: 
Understood. And sir in Q3 we have reported 36% top line growth which is higher than the last 
four, five quarters. So how confident are you sustaining this number for coming 2 years or this 
number is like one-off because there was a higher offtake in the domestic market, or this number 
is having a sustainable thing to see in the next couple of years? 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Asad Daud: 
Obviously, this quarter has seen a significant growth. Obviously, it's the combined effort of the 
entire team. And a lot of the projects were materialized in this quarter. I would look at our 
company not from one quarter perspective, I would look at us over the period of the next 2 years, 
3 years because in our kind of a business if we get a lot of project orders in one quarter, we'll 
obviously have a very good number.  
There might be like, for example, a couple of quarters back our numbers are not good because 
in that particular quarter, there was not a lot of project orders and higher value orders. So, I 
would see -- I would recommend that the community sees us more from an annual and obviously, 
over a period of 2 years, 3 years because over a period of that time everything tends to average 
out in terms of whether it's growth in the top line, bottom line, whether it's a bad quarter or a 
very good quarter.  
So, I would not like to comment specifically on the growth of this quarter. I would suggest that 
if you look at the company over 1 year and obviously over 2 years, 3 years to understand the 
growth pattern of the business. Like I mentioned that we are doing a lot of investments in terms 
of new projects, new developments, new products, new initiatives, new product segment, new 
market, building our team as well. So, we are looking at our company over the next 2 year, 3 
years plan. I hope I was able to answer your question. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. The current participant has been disconnected. We will move onto the next question it's 
from the line of Chirag Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
Good morning, sir and congratulations for the great set of numbers. Sir, though we mentioned 
about exports, but can you throw some more color on how the demand in the export market is 
and probably which geography is looking more stronger to you and which segments? I think 
mainly we supply mostly to the U.S. market and probably we have not scratched the surface of 
the kind of opportunity that market has thrown for us -- has store in for us. So, can you just throw 
some color on the export markets? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes. So, in terms of our export markets, U.S. is by far our biggest market now in the exports 
followed by the European region. And we have seen a significant uptake from the U.S. market. 
Europe, obviously, we all know is going through a little bit of rough patch right now. Although 
we are not seeing a significant downfall in the European business, but in terms of the demand 
that we had expected to come from the European region. 
The growth in Europe is not as much as compared to the U.S. market, but I'm sure that if 
hopefully with the new policies that will come up in the U.S., I think the demand in the U.S. is 
definitely going to grow because if industrialization becomes a big point in the U.S., our products 
are definitely would be the ones that will be utilized or there will be a higher demand for our 
products in the U.S. market. 
 
We are also seeing, we are also tapping into the untapped markets right now which is the Middle 
East and Africa, although the base is very low right now to comment on much, but I'm sure that 
over the next I think 3 years to 4 years, you will see that even the Middle East and the Africa 
market would be a significant contributor to our export business. 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Chirag Shah: 
And sir my second question pertains to your EBITDA margin guidance for FY '27. So is my 
calculation right that if all your new product development starts flowing in terms of revenues 
plus your share of assembly business rising the way it is right now way beyond expectation or 
earlier than expectation and probably a 25% kind of a margin is doable by FY '27, because the 
kind of the rate at which our product mix is changing in our favour for the positive, probably is 
25% a doable number for FY '27 in terms of margins? 
Asad Daud: 
So last year we had set out a target of increasing our EBITDA margin by approximately 100 
basis points every year. I think for this financial year we are in line with achieving our target of 
the EBITDA margin increasing by about 100 basis points. Now if you take that average, I think 
by the financial year FY '27 we should be close to about 24% to 25% range.  
Obviously, hard to pinpoint on an exact margin number, but yes, in the next 2 years to 3 years 
we are expecting about 200 to 300 basis points growth in our EBITDA margins and also the 
same -- similar pattern for our profit margins as well, our profit after tax margin as well. 
Chirag Shah: 
No, because I'm coming from the point that metal bellows is still not in our product portfolio in 
terms of revenues. So if that number starts flowing from FY '26 and '27, where your margins are 
30% plus on an average, both taking the normal bellows and the miniature bellows, then 
probably 25% is quite doable number in terms of mathematics, obviously, there are a lot of 
variations on the ground in terms of but again, mathematically, I think 25% can be a doable 
number for you? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes. Ideally, we would want to have 24%, 25% even, for example, margins in the next year 
itself. But being on a conservative number I think your point is correct that by FY '27, we should 
be in the range of 24% to 25% EBITDA margins on a conservative level. Our aim -- our internal 
aim is to definitely achieve it much before that. But being on the conservative side, I think FY 
'27, yes, we can try to achieve our margins. 
Chirag Shah: 
And sir, my last question pertains to the resolution that we have passed in terms of raising funds 
via QIP or equity issuance. And if I get your capex plans, we are mostly funded by internal 
accruals. So, is my assessment right that you are -- you guys are looking at some inorganic 
opportunities?  
And if yes, then what would be the area of acquisition and whether it will be an international 
acquisition or not, because U.S. as a market can be an easy cakewalk for you if you have some 
facilities out there? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes. So first of all, nothing would be an easy cakewalk honestly speaking with the market is 
tough and even the U.S. market which has a lot of potential the market is tough to penetrate. But 
yes, in terms of inorganic acquisitions as we mentioned that we've already done one inorganic 
acquisition in this year itself which we have planned to expand into the fittings business.  
There are obviously a couple of discussions ongoing in terms of inorganic acquisitions. 
Unfortunately, until and unless anything materializes and is approved, we'll not be able to 
comment much on that. But in terms of the QIP, so our capex is not linked to the fundraise that 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
we are planning from the QIP, our capex will be funded mostly by internal accrual. And we have 
obviously obtained the approval from our shareholders in terms of raising funds from the QIP.  
The exact amount and the utilization of the receipts of the QIP can only be discussed once it is 
approved by the management and the Board. So, it will be difficult for me to comment 
specifically on the use of the funds for QIP, but yes, we -- as a company we are always looking 
out for opportunities, for inorganic acquisitions, both in India and in the international market. 
 
In the international market, I think specially the two markets of U.S.A. and Europe are the 
regions that we are actively looking at opportunities. Obviously, if I talk about the international 
market, it will definitely be in the forward integration where we'll be acquiring a company which 
has its base in the U.S. or in Europe.  
And if it is in India, mostly it will be an acquisition in terms of a backward or into some of 
products which are adjacent to our business. So, beyond that, I will not be able to comment much 
on that, I'm afraid.  
Chirag Shah: 
Okay sir. That was quite helpful and that’s all from my side. All the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurav Bhutra from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Saurav Bhutra: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity first of all and congratulations for your good set of 
numbers. So almost all the questions has been asked. So, I just wanted to ask on your color on 
what is the demand outlook you are having in the U.S.A. market? Can you throw me the color 
on that after Donald Trump coming into the U.S. election, which they have come? 
Asad Daud: 
So, I think for us so say, for example, if Mr. Trump does not do anything as well still the demand 
for our product is seeing a strong -- there's a strong demand for our products in the U.S. market. 
And if like how everybody is expecting that Mr. Trump would focus on Made in America 
products.  
So, in that case, also, if there is higher industrialization in the U.S which would also mean there 
will be a higher demand for our products. And that's why we are also saying that over the next 
few years, the U.S would continue to be the biggest market for us by far. And obviously our 
efforts, our directions have been towards the -- towards increasing our presence in the U.S. And 
in the future definitely we will have certain base in the U.S now whether it is through organic or 
through inorganic that only time will tell. 
Saurav Bhutra: 
Okay. And can you just tell me what is your current debt right now in your book? 
Asad Daud: 
Zero. We're debt free. 
Saurav Bhutra: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prathamesh Dhiwar from Tiger Assets. Please go ahead. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
Yes, sir. Just a couple of questions if I missed it earlier. So, what was our capacity utilization 
on, I think, 16.5 million capacity? 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Asad Daud: 
Yes. So, we completed about 16.5 million capacity by the end of the last quarter. So, in this 
quarter -- sorry, in the -- in Q3, the capacity was approximately 15 million meters only. So, 
because the additional 1.5 million meters capacity was commissioned in almost towards the end 
of the quarter. And if you look at our utilization, so our utilization is ranging in the range of 
around 82% to 85% in this year. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
Okay. And sir, if I just wanted to know on the revenue mix side, so from which all different 
segments or from which all different industry, do we get maximum revenue out of? 
Asad Daud: 
So, there are three, four major industries that we get the bulk of our revenues from. So, it includes 
your traditional industries which is oil and gas, chemical, petrochemical, steel industries. And 
then the new age industries which includes, firefighting equipments, solar.  
We have also supplied some of our products to one of our customers based in the Netherlands, 
who was then supplied our products to the machine manufactures who manufactures machines 
for the semiconductor industry as well. We have also started to penetrate into the automotive 
segment wherein we have supplied some products to the -- the construction machinery industry, 
sorry.  
So, there are sectors that we are penetrating now in the near future. And obviously, there are 
some sectors which are the core for the company which has been the backbone of the company 
over the last 5 to 6 years. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
Okay. Sir, as of now if I wanted to know regards -- in terms of percentage, so which sector 
contributes the most, if you can talk in terms of percentage, it will be really helpful? 
Asad Daud: 
So exact percentage I think the new age or the sprinkler business it contributes about 26% and 
very close to that is steel which is about 24% to 25%. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just last question. After doing the expansion, how much time it takes to ramp up 
the utilization or take the utilization to peak levels? 
Asad Daud: 
So ideally, it takes -- so once the machinery is commissioned and once it is into the production, 
ideally it takes anywhere between 3 months to 4 months in an ideal scenario to -- for the capacity 
to be up and running at optimum level. It may vary depending on the size of the machine.  
So, for example, generally, if a machine is producing smaller diameter, it tends to be in operation 
and at optimum utilization faster. But if the machine is -- that we have got, if it produces a higher 
diameter of hose, then obviously the utilization at peak level tends to take some time because 
the orders for the larger sizes tend to be in smaller quantities. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
Okay. Got it sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lokesh Maru from Nippon India Mutual Funds. Please go 
ahead. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Congratulation, sir, on excellent set of results in this quarter. Two questions from my side. 
Obviously, there's a lot of capex expected in the next 2 years, 3 years. So, if you could help in 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
just a number in -- if you could put a number to the capex in terms of FY '26-'27 or whatever, 
what is the combined capex amount that you are going to spend in the next 3 years? So today -- 
for essence today we have a gross block, I think of INR160 crores. So, this gross block will turn 
into what number in next 2 year, 3 years? 
Asad Daud: 
Okay. It will be difficult to give a number in terms of how much with the gross block increase, 
but I can share with you a few numbers which might be helpful for you. So the last capex that 
we had planned and before this capex was approximately INR482 crores which was -- which 
included expansion of the capacity from 11.5 million meters to 16.5 million meters also included 
additions of assembly stations for composite hoses, for metal bellows and the entire basically 
capex of the entire company which also includes the solar project that we have commissioned 
and so on and so forth. 
 
So, I'm happy to share with everybody that out of the budgeted capex of INR82 crores, we have 
completed all the projects as planned over there at a total capex of INR75.5 crores which means 
that we have had a saving of about INR6.5 crores. So, the entire capex up to 31st of December 
2024 was completed and your company had a saving of approximately INR6.5 crores on that 
capex. 
 
Now in terms of the capex for -- from now on till March of 2026, like I mentioned there will be 
approximately INR54 crores spend for increasing the capacity from 16.5 million meters to 20 
million meters, along with that increasing the assembly stations from 40 to 70 and also the 
installation of the automized welding station which would start from this quarter. And obviously, 
once we get a few machines up and running, we will be -- our aim is to build up the automized 
line as soon as possible. 
 
And then the miniature metal bellows it will involve a capex of about INR23 crores which will 
be used to -- for the machineries and for the other equipment that will be utilized for 
manufacturing of the miniature bellows and also ultimately for converting the bellows into end 
assembly product. Also, like I mentioned earlier on in the call that we had projected a capex of 
about INR18 crores for Hyd-Air. Out of that, we have spent approximately 6.5 so far and the 
remaining would be spent in the next 1.5 year approximately.  
                                                And for the financial year FY '27 and beyond, so unfortunately since our Board has not yet 
approved it, so it will be difficult to give a number to everyone right now. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Correct, sir. So, if my understanding is correct, this year we have done INR75 crores already 
since March till December. And we are on track to do INR54 crores. So, this is on top of INR150 
crores? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes, this financial year we have done approximately INR67 crores, remaining about 7 -- so the 
difference between INR75 crores and INR67 crores was done in the Jan to March of last year. 
So, when I talk about the total INR75 crores, it is right from the day we planned the capex. So, 
it includes like a few quarters of the last financial year as well. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Understood. And we are yet to do INR54 crores and INR23 crores and INR18 crores. That's it, 
right? And all this is supposed to be done within next 1 year? 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Asad Daud: 
Yes, till March 2026. Yes. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Okay. Understood. Thanks a lot for this. Lastly, sir, on exports, since export has been like, let's 
say, a growth of 10%-odd that is one. Another is given the kind of capex that we have, we are 
planning and that we have done, are we confident of achieving round about, let's say, a 20% 
growth in terms of volume or value for the next 2 years, 3 years? 
Asad Daud: 
So, in terms of our growth, so if you see that our focus always -- if you see in my previous 
commentary as well. Our focus always has been on the margins because we are in an industry 
which is more of providing highly technical products. And hence our focus always has been how 
we can improve our bottom line because in terms of the top line our aim, obviously, is to grow 
our top line.  
But the focus of the company over the past 4 years to 5 years has been to not only increase the 
top line, but with a more significant focus on increasing the bottom line. Now that happens 
through value-added products, new product segment and obviously in terms of the new product 
segment that we are entering. 
 
And if you see that in terms of our profit growth also our EBITDA margins (Absolute EBITDA) 
have grown by 25% in this year on a 9-month basis. And if you see our PAT margins, they have 
grown by 30%. And our aim is that over the next 3 years to 4 years to grow in terms of our 
EBITDA and in terms of our PAT margin. And the debt, simultaneously, you'll see a growth in 
the top line as well. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Understood. So, EBITDA growth is something that we should be focused on? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Okay sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today's conference call, it's 
from the line of Prem Luniya from Astute Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Prem Luniya: 
Yes, sir, it was great that you had such great numbers. Congratulations on that and also on the 
project orders and the Hyd-Air order. So, most of the questions have been asked. I just wanted 
to -- wanted a picture on how much can be the revenue contribution from the metal bellows 
because it is considerably the miniature bellows which is around 5% more EBITDA margin 
compared to the normal bellows which we are doing now. So, what can be the revenue which 
this can clock, let's say, at the peak, whenever the utilization comes in? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes. So right now, we are -- with this expansion of the metal bellows -- sorry, miniature metal 
bellows as we call it project. So, we are expecting a revenue of approximately INR25 crores to 
INR30 crores at its optimum capacity in terms of the revenue on an annual basis. 
Prem Luniya: 
Okay, for the miniature metal bellows and for the metal bellows, we already have around INR80 
crores to INR90 crores of... 
Asad Daud: 
Yes, INR80 crores to INR90 crores, yes. 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Prem Luniya: 
Also, on Hyd-Air's front, I wanted to understand what can be the guidance on that front in the 
revenue numbers? 
Asad Daud: 
So, obviously, this is the first year of the operations of Hyd-Air. So, in terms of the potential, I 
think next year we would see the real growth of Hyd-Air and we expect that over the next couple 
of years, the top line of Hyd-Air would grow to about INR40 crores to INR50 crores over the 
next couple of years in terms of the top line. 
Prem Luniya: 
Yes. I also wanted to understand this that last time we gave the guidance of 16.5 million meters. 
If there is a best-case scenario of 50%-plus of assembly business which we are currently reaching 
that would result in to almost INR500 crores of number because in this business, we can't 
quantify it in number of units or meters, so it is revenue which we have to look at. So, on 20 
million meters what would be the optimum sales in the optimum scenario? 
Asad Daud: 
So, if we talk about 20 million meters and if we talk about, I'd say -- so currently, our aim is that 
over the next couple of years to have a higher portion of the business coming from assembly. 
So, say, for example, if I assume that if I get 70% of my sales from assembly over the next 
couple of years -- sorry, after 2 years, so then we are looking at a revenue potential of anywhere 
just from INR650 crores to about INR675 crores at peak utilization. 
Prem Luniya: 
Right. I also wanted to get an idea of the steel which we use. Also, on the price what is fluctuated 
in the last quarter and also how much of the steel which we use is being imported or mostly is it 
within... 
Asad Daud: 
We use stainless steel. Obviously, there are different grades of stainless steel that we use in a 
wide range of grades of stainless steel. There has been minor price fluctuation in the prices of 
the stainless steel raw material in the last quarter, maybe like a few percentage points which is 
not of extreme significant.  
Right now -- so what we are doing is right now we are still predominantly importing the stainless 
steel coil, while the stainless steel wire we are buying 100% locally from India. In terms of this 
particular -- sorry, in terms of the last quarter, Q3 we slightly increased our procurement from 
the domestic sector especially of the sizes wherein we had to produce a larger diameter of hose.  
And hence in those particular segments we had to rely on the domestic procurement because of 
the delay in the supply chain from the international market. And hence for the higher sizes, we 
procured slightly more from the local market. But overall, still import is -- in terms of the 
stainless steel coil, import is by far the biggest contributor in terms of our raw material. 
Prem Luniya: 
And most of this would be from China? 
Asad Daud: 
Yes. Most of it is from China, but it's actually an American company which has its joint venture 
in China. 
Prem Luniya: 
Also on the metal bellows last question, like we had a capacity which we were going to do of 25 
millimeters to 600 millimeters which was guided. And now what we are saying is that the normal 
ones would be 50 to 3,000 millimeter and miniature would be 10 -50 millimeter. So, are we 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
seeing a growth in the size of the thing as well and also in the miniature in the normal bellows 
are we seeing that there will be orders of larger diameter once where we can have better margins, 
let's say, the upper guidance of 25 to 30 in the bellows? 
Asad Daud: 
So generally, when I just talk about the metal bellows as a product. So, metal bellows as a 
product generally actually goes in higher diameters. Miniature metal bellows is a specific 
category of bellows where it is used for applications where there is precision components are 
required. All right.  
So, in terms of our -- obviously, the miniature ones would come in this calendar year, say, by 
the end of this calendar year or by the next -- by Q4 of FY '26. So right now, our focus would 
be on selling of the metal bellows which is of the larger sizes like ranging from approximately 
to 50 mm all the way up to 3,000 mm. So that will be the focus right now because miniature 
would take time to come in.  
It will not be something that we will start in this quarter because once we get the machines and 
once, we get the shipments of that particular product only then we'll be able to start the sales of 
that particular product. 
Prem Luniya: 
Right. You can give some idea about the application industries of both the things so that we can 
get some idea? 
Asad Daud: 
So, in terms of metal bellows, the bellows are used -- now we talk about miniature on metal, I'll 
talk to you about the application industry for the entire bellows space project. So, the power 
sector is a big buyer of metal bellows, the steel industries, the steel plant. Petrochemical industry 
also buys metal bellows. Then the turbine industry and the shipbuilding industry, they buy 
bellows for their ships and for the turbine.  
Metal bellows is actually also used as an exhaust system in the automobile industry where it is 
used for the exhaust gas system and the miniature ones are used in certain precision industries 
as well, which is your laboratory equipments, your robotic industry where they require very 
small sized bellows, some of the electronic manufacturing industry buy bellows. 
 
And then obviously, space and the aviation industry is the one where there is requirement of 
bellows. Obviously, our plan is that in the future we would look to tap into these new age -- I 
would say, the new age or the next -- the future industries of the world. And the bellows are also 
used in the semiconductor machine. So, the machines which manufactures the semiconductor 
equipment the bellows are used in those machines as well. So, there is a wide range and a wide 
application of metal bellows. 
Prem Luniya: 
Sure. Thank you so much and these were the questions and if there is any, I will connect with 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question for today's 
conference call. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 

 
 
Aeroflex Industries Limited  
 
 
January 16, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Asad Daud: 
So, thank you so much, everyone for joining the call today. I would just like to also update on 
one point where there was a question with regards to our QIP as well. So, in terms of the aim of 
the company and the management itself is, obviously, we are planning to do a fundraise of the 
details of which once finalized by management and the Board will be shared with the investors.  
But before that also as I already highlighted in my speech also, I would also like to highlight that 
as a company we are looking to grow not only in terms of our product segments or our 
manufacturing capacity, but also in terms of our manpower. And when I talk about manpower, 
I'm talking especially about the top-level management of the company.  
And we feel that for us to grow to the next level and to reach that scale that we are looking at, 
we have to deploy more professionals on board. And hence, we have appointed Mr. Kiran whose 
task would be or whose main responsibility would be to make Aeroflex from an Indian company 
to a multinational company with presence across the globe. 
And he brings with himself a huge experience of more than 37 years in working with specifically 
with MNCs. And I'm confident that with him coming on board and with more people that we 
have planned to hire over the next 1 year, I think the entire team would be able to take this 
company to the next level and truly be a multinational company based out of India. So, I just 
wanted to highlight that to everyone. 
 
And lastly, again, thank you so much everyone for joining the call today. If I've not been able to 
answer any questions from anybody, so you can get in touch with us or you can get in touch with 
SGA, who is our Investor Relation Advisors. Thank you so much, everyone and hope you have 
a great week ahead. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Aeroflex Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
