 
 
Classified as Public 
Angel One Limited
CIN:  L67120MH1996PLC101709, 
SEBI Registration No Stock Broker:INZ000161534, 
CDSL: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS:INP000001546, 
Research Analyst: INH000000164, Investment Advisor: INA000008172, 
AMFI Regn. No. ARN–77404, PFRDA, Regn. No.-19092018. 
Corporate & Regd Ofﬁce:
601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, 
Andheri (E), Mumbai - 400093.  
T: (022) 4000 3600 
F: (022) 4000 3609 
E: support@angelone.in 
www.angelone.in 
Classified as Internal
To, 
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Service 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Symbol: ANGELONE
Scrip Code: 543235 
 
 
Sub:  Filing of the transcript of earnings call with analysts and investors under 
Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.    
 
Further to our intimation on December 17, 2024 intimating of the earnings call with 
analysts and investors to be hosted by the Company on January 14, 2025, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of the said earnings call for your reference and records. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call will be posted on the Company’s website at 
www.angelone.in.  
 
Thanking You, 
For Angel One Limited 
 
 
 
Naheed Patel 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No: A22506 
 
Date: January 17,2025 
Place: Mumbai 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NAHEED 
REHAN 
PATEL
Digitally signed by NAHEED REHAN PATEL 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=9864f5d901414fc5a0973fe37b2
b5169, 
2.5.4.20=ada6b9d983b03c8e2802615c6ef01e
3b8a58731e21325c14ce39b2d3d8f97442, 
postalCode=400059, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=333b54bd95a7b4b72066364d
67a6162749f8eacabfc4132538e641ebee970e
18, cn=NAHEED REHAN PATEL 
Date: 2025.01.17 21:05:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
 
Angel One Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
January 14, 2025 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Dinesh 
Thakkar 
Vineet 
Agrawal 
Amit 
Majumdar 
Ravish 
Sinha 
Jyotiswarup 
Raiturkar 
Ankit 
Rastogi 
Chairman & 
Managing 
Director 
Group Chief 
Financial Officer 
 
Group Chief 
Strategy Officer 
 
Group Chief 
Product & 
Technology 
Officer 
Group Chief 
Architect & Chief 
Technology 
Officer 
 
Chief Product 
Officer 
 
Nishant 
Jain 
Arief 
Mohamad 
Ketan 
Shah 
Anuprita 
Daga 
Meenal 
Maheshwari 
Shah 
Manmohan 
Singh 
Chief Business 
Officer – Assisted 
Business 
Chief Business 
Officer – Direct 
Business 
Chief Sales & 
Revenue Officer 
– Assisted 
Business 
Group Chief 
Information 
Security Officer 
Group General 
Counsel 
Group Chief Risk 
Officer 
Subhash 
Menon 
Saurabh 
Agarwal 
Devender 
Kumar 
Bhavin 
Parekh 
Hemen 
Bhatia 
Srikanth 
Subramanian 
Group Chief 
Human 
Resources 
Officer 
Chief Business 
Officer - New 
Business 
 
Chief Revenue 
Officer – Direct 
Business 
 
Chief Product 
Operations 
Officer 
 
CEO – Asset 
Management – 
Angel One Asset 
Management 
Company 
Co-founder & 
CEO – Angel 
One Wealth 
Dharmendra 
Jain 
Hitul 
Gutka 
 
 
 
 
Co-founder & 
Head of Business 
Product – Angel 
One Wealth 
Head of Investor 
Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange 
on 14th January 2025 will prevail. 
 
 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Angel One Limited Q3 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing the star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the Company which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the Company as on date of this call. These statements 
are not the guarantees of future performance and involves risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hitul Gutka from Angel One Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, Sir. 
Hitul Gutka: 
Good morning, and welcome, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Angel 
One's Q3 FY '25 financial and business performance. The recording of today's earnings 
call and transcript will be uploaded on our website under the Investor Relations section. 
The financial results, investor presentation and the press release are also available on 
the website. 
For today's call, Angel One is represented by Mr. Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman & 
Managing Director; Mr. Vineet Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer. We also have the senior 
leadership team of Angel One, along with SGA, our IR consultants. The leadership team 
will give us a brief overview of the operational and the financial performance of the 
quarter gone by, which will be followed by a Q&A session. 
Please note there may be certain forward-looking statements during the course of the 
call, which must be viewed in aggregate with the risks that the company faces. With this 
brief introduction, I now invite Mr. Dinesh Thakkar for his opening remarks. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you, Hitul. Good morning, everyone. I wish you all a very happy and prosperous 
2025. 
India's capital markets are on the remarkable growth path driven by a surge in demat 
account additions. This momentum reflects the growing trust of retail investors in equity 
as a promising asset class, an achievement rooted in ever evolving regulatory 
landscape. Enhanced transparency through regular regulatory updates has cultivated 
trust, fuelling steady increase in participation and trading volume across the industry. 
We enthusiastically support this advancement as they not only empower investors, but 
also ensure long-term client retention, a key driver of sustainable growth for a business 
like ours. 
The regulator made such an update to cultivate trust, as Q3 FY '25 reflects the 
implementation of the True to label framework, standardizing exchange charges with a 
flat fee structure regardless of turnover. This change has brought client much needed 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 28 
 
transparency and predictability about the cost they incur. This move was undoubtedly 
beneficial for clients, but it also eliminated a key revenue stream for brokers. 
To adapt, we took proactive steps introducing flat fee brokerage for cash delivery orders 
and implementing interest charges on disproportionate non-cash collateral exceeding 
₹ 50,000 from mid-November 2024. These adjustments have been warmly embraced 
by clients, who prioritize exceptional platform and experience over minor pricing tweaks. 
More importantly, this highlights our ability in devising effective pricing strategy in 
response to evolving business environment. 
In Q3, the industry also saw implementation of first phase of the measures to strengthen 
equity index derivative framework for increased investor protection and market stability. 
The full rollout will take place across the ongoing quarter. While regulatory changes 
often lead to temporary disruption and volume corrections. History shows that client 
adapt quickly, as seen during the peak margin regulation between 2020 and 2021, 
which ultimately fuelled growth through an expanded client base. This reinforces our 
belief that these interventions enhance client longevity and drive higher LTV across the 
industry. 
At Angel One, we estimate a short-term impact of 13% to 14% on total net income due 
to these changes for the period of implementation till client behaviour adjustment, apart 
from market-driven softer volumes as evident since October 2024. Additional regulatory 
update on grouping monthly expiry for each of the exchange, 2 exchanges to 1 day of 
the week, would bring an additional 3% to 4% decline. We will know more about the 
real impact of these interventions by the end of March. However, we are confident that 
our aggressive client acquisition strategy and normalization of trading behaviour will not 
only bridge this gap, but also set the stage for renewed growth in subsequent quarters. 
Our investment in acquisition channels, product innovation, technology, analytics 
capability remains robust as we meet our expected increased client on-boarding. Our 
client centric Super App strategy is central to a vision of offering a seamless, all-in-one 
financial ecosystem. This platform is steadily progressing towards becoming the first 
port of call for our clients as we expand the product portfolio to address all our clients' 
financial needs. 
I am happy to share, Q3 FY '25 saw significant milestones, including the beta launch of 
insurance journey within the SuperApp. The regulatory approvals for launching our 
Mutual Fund under the aegis of Angel One Asset Management Limited and Portfolio 
Management Services under Angel One Wealth Limited. I am also delighted to 
announce the launch of wealth management brand ‘Ionic Wealth’ by Angel One. 
Srikanth will provide further detail on this. 
We continue to expand our offering across broking, MTF, third-party product distribution 
and our foray into asset and wealth management. These achievements, coupled with 
our endeavour to enhance personalization algorithms, position Angel One as a 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 28 
 
comprehensive non-banking financial service platform, empowering our clients to 
create long-term wealth. 
 
Our assisted business channel also scaled up the mutual fund distributor network, 
contributing to a growing mutual fund AUM. Based on behavioural insights, we refined 
client engagement through improved discovery on the app. We are continuously 
investing in improving the NXT platform for our assisted business partners, empowering 
them with comprehensive visibility of client activities across incremental product 
offering, and better tools to offer clients a curated service experience. To help our high-
quality business partners further expand their customer base, we have piloted super 
local activity that leverage targeted localized insights and tools. This strategy helps 
bridge the gap between digital convenience and personalize community focus 
interactions. 
Operationally, we achieved healthy results despite headwinds adding 2.1 million clients 
with 88% coming from Tier 2 and Tier 3 and beyond cities. Our consistent focus on 
growing market share is evident with 26 basis points sequential expansion in our share 
across India's total demat account to 15.9% as of December 2024. 
Furthermore, our overall -- the retail equity turnover market share expanded by 41 basis 
points to 19.7% in Q3 FY '25. 
Angel One remains focused on sustainable growth with strong control on unit 
economics. The digital model facilitates economies of scale with superior LTV while 
optimizing our cost of acquiring clients. As a result, we can maintain our robust 
profitability metrics amid the evolving external environment. 
I am pleased to announce that the Board has approved reinstatement of dividend 
distribution of 35% of quarterly consolidated profit after tax. I now invite Saurabh to 
provide further updates on the distribution business. 
Saurabh Agarwal: 
Thank you, Dinesh Bhai. Good morning, everyone, and I wish you all a very happy New 
Year, and thank you for taking the time to join us today. 
I am excited to share our progress across key areas of our business over the last 
quarter. We have made strong strides in enhancing client experiences and expanding 
our product offerings. 
In the mutual fund distribution business, we achieved a major milestone in December 
2024 with nearly 9 lakh unique SIP registrations, our highest ever. For the past two 
consecutive quarters, we have recorded over 2 million SIPs, reinforcing our position as 
the second largest player in the incremental SIP registration and continuing to increase 
our market share. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 28 
 
Our first MF brand campaign also gained excellent traction, marking the beginning of 
our journey to establish ourselves as the easiest and the most consumer-friendly 
investment platform, particularly aimed at younger investors who are just starting their 
financial journey. 
Additionally, we are seeing strong 6-month and 12-month retention from our MF users, 
which only strengthens our belief that client longevity on the platform will continue to 
increase as the MF play scales. Also, share of users who have transacted on MF have 
continued to increase, further solidifying our multi-product Super App strategy. 
In our digital insurance distribution business, we took a significant step forward by 
launching motor insurance on our app. We have integrated with three insurers and are 
now live with a select group of clients. We are very quickly adding more insurers to the 
platform and will move beyond the beta phase to extend this service to our full client 
base in some time. 
Now, I want to focus on our credit distribution business, a space with immense potential. 
Over the last two to three years, the personal loan space has grown rapidly but not 
without challenges. In the industry, there has been higher KYC frauds, over-leverage 
and delinquencies exceeding expectations. As a result, lenders are now adopting a 
more cautious, measured approach. While this has led to some short-term growth 
headwinds, this pause is crucial for building a stronger and more sustainable ecosystem 
in the long term. 
 
Having said that, we remain extremely optimistic about the future of this space and here 
is why. India's credit potential is enormous. Our retail credit to GDP ratio is still low 
compared to developed economies, which presents a huge growth opportunity. 
Consumer demand is strong. The younger generation is embracing credit to fulfil their 
aspirations and once they understand how to use credit responsibly, there is no turning 
back. The regulator is also active and proactive. With measures like increasing risk 
weights and shifting bureau reporting to a 15-day cycle, they are minimizing risks and 
promoting responsible long-term growth in the sector. Technology is transforming the 
landscape. Account aggregators are making the underwriting process more seamless 
and efficient while video KYC is addressing fraud issues. 
With throughput improving every quarter, onboarding will become faster, more secure 
and more scalable. Lastly, borrowing rates will normalize over time, making this a more 
favourable environment for lenders and borrowers alike. Angel One, we believe, is 
particularly well positioned to thrive in this market. The foundation that we have built is 
rock solid. 
Our tech stack is very robust, ensuring minimal downtime and a seamless experience 
for both customers and partners. Our customer base is high quality from a credit 
standpoint, demand is high and engagement on our platform continues to be 
exceptionally good. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 28 
 
More importantly, while we operate as a distributor, we are investing heavily in building 
our risk modelling capabilities. By leveraging advanced decision systems, we can 
provide the right products to customers, support lenders with better underwriting and 
improve the efficiency of collection, all while we continue to take zero risk on our books. 
Additionally, coming to Q3, this quarter had a strong start. We went live with 3 lenders, 
refining our processes and learning valuable insights on the lender management front. 
So far, we have cumulatively disbursed ₹ 600 crores in personal loans on the platform. 
We are also integrating with 3 more lenders in the final stages and will scale in a 
measured manner. 
While some headwinds may persist over the next couple of quarters, we are very 
confident that we will emerge stronger and continue to accelerate growth given that 
there is minimal legacy that we have to live with in this new paradigm. The credit 
distribution business fundamentally is a long-term game with the right strategy, a cutting 
edge technology platform powered by deep AI/ML models, and an unwavering 
commitment to doing things the right way in alignment with the regulator. Angel One is 
poised to, over time, become a very large player in this play. With that, I will pause and 
request Hemen to share his insights on the AMC opportunity that lies ahead. 
Hemen Bhatia: 
Thank you, Saurabh. Good morning, everyone. I'm extremely excited to share that we 
have recently received the regulatory approval to commence our mutual fund 
operations, a significant milestone in our journey to create a trusted brand for passive-
only products. Our focus is clear, and we are working to develop a range of products 
that combine exchange-traded funds, i.e., ETF and index funds to meet the diverse 
needs of our clients. Let me explain our approach. 
While the ETFs will be distributed through brokers, offering their clients a cost efficient 
and accessible investment option, Index Funds will come in 2 forms: direct plans and 
regular plans. Direct plans that investors can purchase directly through platforms, and 
regular plans where we will pay commissions through distributors, ensuring widespread 
accessibility. 
To help our clients fully embrace passive investing, we are creating educational material 
to demystify this product and explain their advantages. We believe education is key to 
empowering clients and will play a critical role in driving adoption. The potential for 
growth in this space is immense with the industry's rising AUM base and the increasing 
share of passive in the overall mix, we see tremendous opportunity to contribute to this 
shift. 
Active funds often face challenges in consistently delivering outperformance, which is 
where passives come in. They provide better visibility into returns, a low-cost model for 
clients and a stickier asset base, offering stability over the long term. 
I am also incredibly proud of the pedigree team we have built, which is working to ensure 
we deliver high-quality, client-focused solutions. As we move forward, we have 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 28 
 
ambitious plans to expand our product suite and cater to a broad spectrum of investor 
needs. 
At the heart of our efforts is a commitment to offering low-cost solutions, client education 
and a clear focus on sustainable growth. I am confident that our approach will not only 
position us as a leader in the passive investment space, but also create lasting value 
for our clients and stakeholders. 
Thank you for your trust and support as we embark on this exciting journey. I now invite 
Srikanth to take you through the developments in our wealth management business. 
Srikanth Subramanian: Thank you, Hemen, and good morning, everyone. 
Interesting times in India's wealth management industry as we are entering a very 
pivotal phase, and we have often quoted the triple multiplier effect, which essentially 
comprises of a growing number of high net worth individuals, appreciating assets and 
also incremental savings as everyone's income sort of also increases year-on-year. Yet 
despite this promising growth opportunity, the current structure of the industry remains 
largely evasive for a very emerging segment, which is what we call as the middle belly 
of the segment. 
We believe this is an opportunity not just to grow, but to redefine how wealth is 
managed. Our vision is simple, and we are very ambitious to reimagine conventional 
wealth management. 
We aim to blend our deep domain expertise, our core strength, with innovative 
technology to achieve scale and efficiency like never before. At the heart of this vision 
is our commitment to creating an omni-channel wealth experience. We want to give our 
clients the flexibility to engage with us on their terms, whether it is through DIY tools 
and tech or by leveraging the expertise of an experienced wealth manager. 
Our growth strategy rests on 3 critical pillars: investment quotient, IQ; digital quotient, 
DQ; and a very important ingredient in our high-quality wealth business, emotional 
quotient, EQ. These pillars shape everything we do, ensuring we deliver not only cutting 
edge solutions, but also curate an exceptional client experience. 
To support this, we have embraced some of the best governing standards. We have 
constituted a world-class Advisory Council, an expert think tank for various asset class 
views and an internal investment and a product approval committee to guide our 
product strategies. These are our engines of innovation, pushing us to think differently, 
act boldly and stayed ahead of the curve. 
As a customer-first organization, we rebranded ourselves as Ionic Wealth and Asset 
Management, respectively. The brand aspires to be the cofounder in our customer's 
journey of wealth creation by bringing the power of networks alongside strong 
investment and tech capabilities to enable their vision. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 28 
 
We also have launched our Ionic Wealth app in both Play Store and App Store. To start 
with, it will allow us to provide real-time access of portfolio performance analytics and 
assisted client journey. This will help us make -- this will help investors make better 
portfolio decisions. You can soon expect the app to bring more features basis customer 
feedback and suggestion as we build further based on a customer-first approach. 
From a regulatory standpoint, we made significant progress. With our ARN, PMS and 
RIA licenses already in place, we are ready to serve our customers. Our product 
offerings will focus on 5 themes; passives, quant, PIPE, secondaries and high yield. 
And of course, also Global is one of it that we are quite excited about to ensure we cater 
to diverse customer needs. 
In terms of scale, we have been progressively expanding our geographic footprint with 
offices now across 7 cities and a dedicated team of about 140 professionals spanning 
relationship management, investment experts, technology and other support functions. 
We will keep a strong focus on growing the market horizontally without diluting quality 
and look to better margins, leveraging the omni-channel approach. 
I am confident that with our strategy, our people and our passion, we are poised to 
transform the wealth management landscape. Thank you for your time and trust. With 
this, I will hand over the call to Vineet to give you an update about the financial 
performance of the quarter gone by. Thank you. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Thank you, Srikanth. Good morning, everyone. Despite the general market weakness, 
coupled with the impact due to the implementation of new regulations, we have been 
able to expand our market share in demat accounts, NSE active clients and retail overall 
equity turnover. Our aggregate orders for the quarter were lower by 13.8% to nearly 
422 million, which also includes the impact of 4.7% lower number of trading days. 
This being the first quarter post implementation of true-to-label regulation, our Q3 FY 
2025 gross revenues were impacted to that extent. Ancillary transaction income, which 
stood at ₹ 1.15 billion in Q2 of FY 2025, was nil in Q3 of FY 2025. Had we been able to 
garner this income in Q3 as well, our gross revenues would have been higher by ₹ 1.1 
billion. To offset this impact, we levied various charges from mid-November 2024, which 
led to an income of about ₹ 238 million. Hence, on a like-to-like basis and considering 
the impact of the index option regulations, our total gross income would have been at 
approximately ₹ 13.5 billion as against ₹ 12.6 billion reported today. That is a decline of 
10.9% sequentially against 16.6% printed now. 
Our gross broking revenue, which accounted for about 65% of our total gross revenues, 
de-grew by 12.5% sequentially to nearly ₹ 8.2 billion in Q3, owing to lower client 
activities. F&O continues to contribute about 81% of our gross broking revenues, 
followed by cash and commodity segments at 12% and 7%, respectively. 
Share of direct business in our net broking revenues remained consistent at 76%, and 
the balance being contributed by clients under our assisted business. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 28 
 
Our average client funding book grew by 4.2% sequentially to ₹ 40.5 billion for the 
quarter, which at the end of the quarter was higher at ₹ 43.3 billion. The revised interest 
rate of 14.99% on MTF introduced in November 2024 reduced our interest income by 
nearly ₹ 102 million during the quarter. 
The interest earned on fixed deposits was also lower by 7.8% sequentially, owing to 
lower quantum of fixed deposits and a marginally lower yield. Both these led to a 2.8% 
sequential decline in our interest income to ₹ 3.5 billion, thus accounting for about 28% 
of the gross total revenues for the quarter. 
Income from depository operations, which account for 4.4% of our total gross revenues, 
declined by 24% sequentially, mainly due to lower cash delivery transactions. 
Income from distribution operations grew 16.9% sequentially to ₹ 300 million, 
accounting for 2.4% of our total gross revenues for the quarter. This was primarily driven 
by growth across distribution of credit products and IPOs. 
Finance cost increased by 10.8% quarter-on-quarter to ₹ 835 million on account of 4.6% 
higher borrowing to fund the growth in the client funding book and for margin 
requirements at the exchanges, coupled with a 35 to 40 basis points increase in 
average cost of funds. 
Employee benefit expenses, including cost of granting stock options, grew 3.1% 
sequentially to nearly ₹ 2.4 billion on account of headcount increase in tech, product, 
data analytics, legal and the wealth business. 
Other operating expenses for the quarter fell by 9.7% sequentially to ₹ 3.3 billion, 
primarily on account of lower client acquisitions. CSR contribution for the quarter was 
higher by ₹ 28 million, along with some increase in brand-related spends. 
Our Q3 FY 2025 reported consolidated EBDAT margin stood at 42%, while this was 
lower by 787 basis points quarter-on-quarter as compared to our reported Q2 margins. 
However, this compression was lower by 257 basis points when adjusted for the impact 
of the ancillary transaction income. 
This operating margin also subsumes the expenses of incubating our new businesses 
of asset management and wealth management. Our margins are likely to remain in this 
range till the time the new regulations are fully implemented and client behaviour 
normalizes. Having said that, the unit economics of the business continues to remain 
healthy as we reap benefits of high lifetime value for our clients. 
Depreciation and amortization costs increased by 4.2% sequentially to ₹ 267 million in 
Q3 as we capitalized infra assets. 
Our reported consolidated profit after tax from continuing operations declined by 33.5% 
quarter-on-quarter to ₹ 2.8 billion. This would be 16.8% lower sequentially compared to 
Q2 PAT adjusted for the ancillary transaction income. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 28 
 
Our 9-month FY2025 reported gross total revenues and profit after tax stood at ₹ 41.9 
billion and nearly ₹ 10 billion, representing a growth of 43.4% and 27%, respectively, 
over the corresponding year last year. 
Our 9-month FY2025 profit after tax is 88.6% of our entire FY '24 profit, demonstrating 
our sustained and strong growth trajectory. 
Period-end cash and cash equivalents, client funding book and investments stood 
higher as of December 31st, 2024, as compared to March 31st, 2024.  
As of December 31st, 2024, the margin monies from clients were lower, while 
borrowings were higher when compared to March 2024. The consolidated net worth of 
the company increased to ₹ 56.3 billion as of 31st December. 
Our 9-month FY 2025 annualized return on average equity remains healthy at 33.3%. 
As the business normalizes, we strongly believe that our ROE should trend back to our 
historical levels. 
With this, I conclude the presentation and open the floor for further discussion. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prayesh Jain: 
So just firstly on the impact of the regulations, right? So firstly, on the true-to-label 
implementation, we have -- we had mentioned in the previous call that we don't expect 
any hit because of the pricing action that we have taken. But I understand that the period 
that we have seen is only for the benefit we got of the new action was only for half of 
the quarter, but still, the benefit seems to be much on the lower side. I understand some 
part of it would be the volume hit, but still, that is only 10% or 12% of the volume hit. 
Then why we have not been able to recoup that part. 
Secondly, on the lot size impact visibility, this probably first 15 days of Jan first 13-14 
days of January, if you could highlight as to what is the kind of behaviour of the customer 
in your cohorts, wherein whether the customers who were trading a year, one lot have 
kind of started trading into the new lot size. Or how is the kind of impact? Because my 
guess is it would be relatively lesser impact. So could you throw some highlights there? 
Thirdly, on the credit business, how would you be kind of monitoring the end use of 
personal loans that you have disbursed so far, whether that's coming back to markets 
or how would the behaviour be? 
And my last point would be, are you contemplating a price hike anytime soon in the 
F&O segment as to how long will you wait before you kind of take that call because the 
profitability is definitely getting hit. Those would be my questions. Thanks. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 28 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
On your first question on true-to-label, what we discussed was primarily based on price 
increase that they are going to do and charges that we are going to put on collateral 
that we receive or -- non-cash collateral that we receive, but it appears to be like there 
will be hit not more than 1% to 2% difference in terms of what we had estimated and 
what we see. 
So overall, we can see that, okay, we were able to recover lots of loss, but not fully, but 
maybe there is a hit of around maybe 1% or 2%. That too, as we see volume build up, 
I am sure that we will be able to cope up. So what is important is that what is that overall 
hit? When we talk about true-to-label about rationalizing this F&O and all that. 
So in that area, I would say that what we had estimated last time, hit of around 13% to 
14%, still it remains true. But only difference is now that, okay, with bunching of monthly 
expiry into 1 day per exchange, there would be an additional hit of 3% to 4%. So overall, 
it would be safe to say that hit appears to be overall, combined everything, true-to-label 
and all that areas combined together, it would be around 18%. And if you look at our 
customer base growth, that remains intact.  
The good part is that customer inflow in this market remains very healthy. So we are 
growing at 40-45%, and that trend continues. We are expecting that this will offset this 
onetime hit that we have seen. The current hit that you are seeing that includes 
everything, regulatory changes, slowdown in global economy, slowdown in our 
economy. So all that impact clubbed together appears to be a bit higher than what we 
had guided. But we are very sure that this hit would be within the bracket of around 
18%. For kind of safety purpose, in your model, we can take a revenue hit of 20% one 
time. But if we look at lifetime value of a customer, I don't see any reason for me to 
believe that there will be a change in lifetime value of customer. 
It is too early right now to say people who are doing one lot, what they're going to do. 
So 10 to 12 days, it's too early for us to give some insight on what these customers are 
going to do. But if we have to guesstimate, somewhere this customer will go towards 
cash market and all that, that will increase volume in cash segment and because we 
are charging on cash orders, so that would be compensated. 
So January hit and all that combined together, it includes all this, what I'm saying, hit 
will be 18% around. And plus point is, as I said, customer base is still growing at a very 
healthy rate of around 40% to 45%. And on credit business, I'll ask Saurabh to talk 
about that -- one second, Saurabh, before you take now, he had asked about price hike. 
See, Prayesh, what we will wait for 1 or 2 quarters to see a permanent impact. And if 
needed, definitely, we have levers to play on our prices. So prices, we would like to see 
all patterns stabilize in terms of what's an hit because of market conditions, because of 
global environment. And then we'll take a very informed call on how much hike we have 
to incorporate. If at all, we see there's a permanent some kind of a loss. Too early to 
say, right, at this point. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes. So yes, before we move on to the credit question, sir, just 1 clarification. When 
you say 18% to 20% hit on revenues from your existing base of customers -- so that we 
should think from a yearly perspective, right, that from a year-to-year perspective, your 
existing customer base revenues would be hit by 18% to 20%? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, Prayesh, what happens like in broking business, what we look at, what does that 
-- kind of like first year revenue we get from end customer. So based on that, we work 
out our acquisition cost and margins and everything. So that base is something 
averages of what we get from customers in good and bad market. 
In good market, we may get higher. Bad market, we get lower. But what we have to 
take is an average realization of end customer when we acquire. So that we are saying, 
first year revenue can take a hit of around 18%. But if I take a lifetime value of end 
customer or say, previously, we were taking 5 years, it will extend beyond 5 years. 
So lifetime value, there would not be any hit. That is our initial guesstimation. But maybe 
once we get the data for a few months, we would be able to extrapolate lifetime value 
of end customer also, whether this hit is permanent or it is just kind of like reaction to 
these changes. If at all we feel it is permanent, we will try to use our price hike levers. 
Otherwise, if you think it is temporary revenue of a customer, in terms of first year 
revenue, is going to revert back to normal, we would be okay with this pricing because 
we are seeing overall OPM would be around 50%. That is what we would be 
comfortable with. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Saurabh? 
Saurabh Agarwal: 
So to answer your question on end use monitoring, our customers, when they take 
personal loan on our platform via our lenders, they confirm in the journey that they won't 
be investing this money in the capital market. Having said that, is there a direct way to 
monitor end use of this money, fundamentally not because money is fungible. Where a 
customer gets money from in his account and where he invests, that is not possible to 
understand. 
Having said that, we do some surrogate analysis to understand if there is a possibility 
that the customer is investing money back into the trading ecosystem again. And the 
initial analysis does not say that the number is too high. There is no direct way to 
ascertain any end use of any loan that the customer get from any lender anywhere. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Just one last question. If you look at your opex, in spite of the sharp fall in the 
customer addition in the quarter, your opex still hasn't kind of commensurate fall we 
haven't seen. So apart from CSR expense that you mentioned, what other expenses 
were kind of elevated in this quarter? And what should be the kind of run rate going 
ahead when we look at this? 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 28 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Vineet, if you can take the question. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Sure. So Prayesh, the overall other expenses, which are reflective of a large part of our 
customer acquisition cost, has declined by almost 10% and that decline also subsumes 
the impact of higher branding spends that we have done and the CSR expenses. If we 
were to acquire the same number of customers, then the cost would have been higher 
to that extent. But overall, there is a slight increase in the COA, and that's seasonal in 
nature given the fact that in Q3, generally, you have a lot of competition from these e-
commerce platforms, etcetera. So it's not something which is of any cause of concern 
or worry. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick from Sundaram Mutual Funds. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Sir, if I back compute the per customer revenue from cash delivery, it is coming to be 
at about ₹ 4. Is my math right, on an average? So what I'm doing is I'm -- yes, you 
mentioned that for cash deliveries, we have some ₹ 238 million income and I'm just 
dividing that by the number of deliveries, which we disclosed in volumes, which is 57 
million… 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Is there any insight on that, Vineet or... 
Ajox Frederick: 
No. I'm trying to see if this is sustainable because you're charging about ₹ 20. So -- but 
we're getting about ₹ 4. So I'm just trying to run the mental math incremental revenue 
from the cash delivery. That is what I'm getting at. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
First of all, we have started charging by mid of November. So I don't know what volumes 
you are taking. You're taking for full quarter, then you are wrong. 
Ajox Frederick: 
No. I'm -- yes, I'm netting off half of it. So exactly -- so if I should do it one-third for the 
quarter and then do it that way? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Vineet, is there any guidance on that? 
Ajox Frederick: 
Or going forward, yes, that will be better. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
So this ₹ 238 million that we've mentioned are inclusive of the charges for non-cash 
collateral, cash delivery and some of IPFT, etcetera. It's not only for cash delivery. And 
these charges have been implemented across the quarter. 
So some got implemented, say, in the second week of November, some in mid-
November and thereafter. So it's -- I mean, the way you've calculated, it's not the right 
way. But anyways, we don't give monthly numbers. So I will not be able to give you any 
insights on that. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. And sir, on this cash delivery volumes going forward, we'll be making roughly 
what per order? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Vineet, do we have any guidance on that? 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 28 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
So that's something which we don't say. And again, these are dependent on what kind 
of volumes our clients do. So we can't give you any number on that. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
But broadly, what we charge, if we can, Devender or somebody can give that indication. 
What is our charges? 
Devender Kumar: 
Yes. On the delivery side, we introduced the pricing of ₹ 20, or 0.1% with a minimum 
charge of ₹ 2 on the cash delivery side. Now the average charge will depend on the 
behaviour of the clients in different quarters. That's the way it is. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gourav Gumber from Taurus Mutual Fund. 
Gourav Gumber: 
Sir, my question is how big can you see this AMC and opportunity going forward? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
The AMC and wealth business can really grow at a substantial size. We have seen what 
can happen like market is available and opportunities are available. By using tech and 
kind of like domain knowledge, this business can really grow well. I would ask Srikanth 
to brief you on this. 
Srikanth Subramanian: As Dinesh mentioned, we are seeing a number of SIP growth in accordance to the full 
year growth -- full year growth in almost in the same accordance as we are seeing 
demat growth. So I think that is a well-known information that how retail investors are 
sort of embracing mutual funds, especially on the SIP side, but as my colleague, Hemen 
had mentioned in the call just before me, both from the AMC side, which is focusing on 
a very passive-only kind of the business and also from a wealth side, where we are 
taking the baton and increasing the solutions to the customers using PMS and AIF for 
offering alternative active management routes. 
We are looking at giving the 360-degree solutions to our clients, and we are trying to 
take a very paperless approach in wherever we can, just to ensure that we are able to 
grow the market, both horizontally and vertically. But as part of the overall growth plan 
both the newly incepted businesses, which is AMC and Wealth have a significant 
contribution in the future growth plan of the firm. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
I will ask Hemen to cover, but we believe that even passive managed funds and all that, 
it is the right product for retail and especially for a platform company like us, it is going 
to give a substantial growth. Hemen, if you can just touch upon your insight on AMC? 
Hemen Bhatia: 
Yes, sure. See, the idea is that we want to be a trusted and go-to brand, go to AMC for 
passive-only products, that is ETF and index funds. So one part is expanding the 
investor base, right, for passive products. So we want to expand the investor base. We 
want more and more new investors who start investing in passive products, and that 
can happen by educating the customers on the benefits of passive investment strategy. 
At the same time, we would want to enlighten customers investing into active funds, 
over the underperformances of active funds over long-term, that why it is difficult to 
keep beating the benchmark on a consistent basis. So we'll have to highlight that to the 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 28 
 
existing customers who are investing in active funds, that till now you have been 
ignoring passive funds, but with passing time and with market maturing, you'll have to -
- passive funds will have to be included as part of their overall portfolio. Additionally, we 
would like to build our product bouquet also of ETFs and index funds and provide logical 
building blocks to the customers so that they can build, it can be used to build the core 
part of their portfolio. Yes. 
Gourav Gumber: 
And sir, how are you seeing this revenue mix shifting from proper broking business to 
this AMC and the wealth management business going forward -- 2, 3 years going 
forward? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, we are seeing a good growth in all the verticals. As we said that we have started 
credit business since 2 quarters, we have disbursed around ₹ 600 crores. Similar is the 
case with mutual fund SIP, today we are number 2 in terms of incremental SIP. So it 
will take its own time but focus is to be leader, to gain big market share. So currently, 
we are not like trying to see that, okay, how much revenue we'll get from which vertical. 
But what is important is that how much of wallet share of an individual that we acquire 
comes to us in whatever service they want to use. Focus is on wallet share. We want 
customers to come on our platform, retain with us, buy all the services, whatever is 
needed in terms of mix of services, that person should be satisfied with us. 
Gourav Gumber: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
This question is to Vineet, basically, Vineet if you see would have applied these new 
charges like on non-cash collateral and the delivery, and if you applied for the full 
quarter compared to given the numbers are already there on orders and everything. So 
if you would have applied for the full quarter, the ₹ 23.8 crores would translate into what 
kind of a figure? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Sanketh, it's difficult to estimate because there has been some market correction also. 
So it wouldn't be comparable like-to-like basis whilst the turnover charges have been 
hovering same at almost ₹ 1.1 billion, ₹ 1.15 billion. But because the market sentiment 
across cash, F&O have been slightly weaker, so it wouldn't be right to compare that. 
Sanketh Godha: 
I understand the point support, given we have the data of number of orders and 
everything. On like-for-like, whether that number would have been easily double, closer 
to double kind of a figure is around ₹ 50 crores or ₹ 45 crores. So just wanted a broader 
colour on how much we could have could if it be applied for the full quarter? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
So you've got to look at it from this way that in the long term once things settle down 
and the behaviour normalizes, we should be able to ideally recover almost 75%, 80% 
of this cost that we've been talking about in the past also. So just wait for the entire 
scenario to pan out, and then we'll have a better picture in terms of how we are able to 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 28 
 
recoup this cost. As Dineshbhai also mentioned that overall, the impact should not be 
in the overall revenue pie, it should not be more than 2% for this true to label. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. Perfect. And second question, probably to Dinesh. Sir, you said that the impact 
on net revenue could be in the range of 18 to 20. So just wanted to understand, you are 
making second quarter, which was of no regulation, as a base. On that number, the 
impact could -- net revenue impact could be 18%. And it remains and you believe that 
this 18% to 20% impact will get only reset in the third quarter of FY '26. That's the way 
I need to understand, right? 
 
And then the second point is that this 18% to 20% you are saying on net revenue, 
because the rules are probably applicable to derivative, then on broking, this impact 
could be as high as 30% to 35%, only broking line item in between line item. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Sanketh, when a customer comes, he uses all the services, F&O, cash, commodity, 
uses margin trading. So we have to see impact on total revenue that we get from 
customers. So for us, whether that person trades in F&O, cash, commodity or margin 
trading, it becomes a part of our broking services. 
 
So that way, we will always calculate what the impact on net total revenue that we get 
from customers, because when we acquire a customer, which is what the revenue we 
can get from this customer. Okay. We don't decide that whether this customer who is 
onboarded will start cash market or he start F&O and all that. Just to segregate F&O 
does not reflect a proper business model of Angel One. 
 
Okay. So what is important over here is that this market are cyclical. It is like a mutual 
fund industry. When you say you'll get a CAGR of 14%, there would not be any year 
you will get 14% consistent. Sometimes you'll get 8%, sometimes you'll get 22%. But 
what we work out is averages. Similarly, in our business model, we have to work at 
averages that we can get -- the average revenue that you can get from customer, 
whether quarter 2 represent that kind of like cohort, not necessarily because we take 
data of almost 8 quarters to 9 quarters and see what kinds of revenue you can get when 
we acquire a customer average revenue. There will be a bad quarter, there will be a 
good quarter. If I extrapolate quarter 2 and say that this revenue we would have got for 
a year that would have been wrong. Because if I take quarter 2 and a growth of 40%, it 
would hit the roof. So what is important for you all is to understand what is an average 
revenue this broking house can get? So based on this average, you form the kind of 
like baseline, then you see what the customer growth that we are getting. It's around 
40% to 45%. Adding all that, you can work out a model for 3 years, 5 years. Otherwise, 
if you go by quarter-in-quarter, it is very difficult to predict this kind of business. Similarly, 
if I want to predict which mutual fund is going to give me what returns, I'll go wrong, if I 
look at just quarterly performance. So broking business is almost similar, where we take 
averages and we take average revenue that we'll get from a customer that we acquire 
for first year, averages for 5 years. So there is also data scientists model that we use, 
which goes into detail of each and every cohort and comes out with averages. That is 
how we budget or spending to acquire a customer. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 28 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, sir. But just to put it in simple words, given we are adding more customers. 
Naturally, they will add to the revenue. So this 18% to 20% in your assessment, what 
is a negative impact, will get wiped down because of the extra customer addition, say, 
in a couple of quarters? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Exactly my point. So now there is a new base that we are working with, okay? So it’s a 
1 time correction. But if you look at growth of this base remain intact because customers 
that are coming to the market are coming at the same numbers. And not only they are 
coming at the same numbers, in fact, their spending in second year, third year is 
increasing. They are buying more products. 
 
So we have to look beyond broking now. Currently, whatever we are talking is based 
on broking revenue. But maybe in a few quarters, we'll start talking about revenue from 
other verticals that our services they are using. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. But sir, this 18% to 20%, you believe a couple of more quarters of pain, then it 
will get reset by maybe we'll see the similar revenue by what we delivered in second 
quarter, saying -- I know it's a difficult question. But just asking whether it will be visible 
in, say, second quarter of FY '26 that you'll see the same revenue what you deliver in 
second quarter of current fiscal year? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Looking at the growth rate, we don't give forward-looking statement, but a clean maths 
I'm giving you. Hit of revenue in terms of 20%, market normalizing and growth rate of 
customer to the tune of 40%, in 2-3 quarters, we'll be back to these numbers. Pure 
math, not predictions. Not forward looking statement. Yes. 
Sanketh Godha: 
I understand, sir. So again, this is a little more strategic question. See, we are doing 
multiple things like offering distribution, credit, wealth, AMC, So these are all new 
incubations, so maybe it's a little long-term question, 3 years, 5 years, if you add up all 
these numbers, whether these will contribute how much to your total topline as such? 
Internally, whether you have made a target that we should be contributing, let me say, 
15, 20, 30, 40, what that number would be as a percentage of the total revenue. At what 
level of the contribution you believe all these businesses will break even and add to the 
bottom line? It's a long-term question, maybe not an immediate basis, maybe 3 years, 
5 years, when you see these things will play out materially in top line and bottom line 
inductions? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See Sanketh, very interesting question, but I don't want to sound as if I'm giving some 
forward-looking statements. But what I believe youth, like when they are on-boarding 
this platform, they want all the services on one platform. So you can check the data 
that, okay, how much they are going to spend on broking services and investment, how 
much they're going to spend on insurance, lending product, how much they are going 
to put money in mutual funds and wealth management. 
 
So we believe that we will get substantial portion of their wallet share for all the services. 
So I believe that we are looking at how to get into wallet share and how to like get a 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 28 
 
market share where we say that whatever vertical we are entering, we have a 
leadership position in the next 5 years. 
 
So based on that, I would say that we would be a substantial player in all the services 
that we are offering, like you started mutual fund. When we started 6 quarters back, we 
had clear cut view that we want to become a leader in this segment. So today, as we 
speak, we are number 2 in terms of incremental SIP. So slowly in a few years, you will 
see in a substantial portion in AUM and all that. 
 
So for every business, we have a target that we want to become a leader in that 
segment. That's the reason you will see our initial investment would be on top 
management so that we get the structure right, with the vision that we want to be leader. 
It is not that we are doing it for additional revenue, whichever area we are entering, we 
want to be into top position. 
 
So based on that, you can do a rough calculation in 5 years, what is the revenue pool 
for different services that you are offering. In every services, we want to be into that top 
10 players. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Perfect. That's it for my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sir, when you talk about price hike decisions, so what that decision will be based on, 
whether you will look at payback period, LTV or what data point you will try to make it 
equal to prior versus today versus prior to regulation? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Right. So what we look at that we are focusing on business model, which can give an 
OPM of 50% on a very sustained and long-term basis. So very important is if we can 
just work out a lifetime value, which is not easy, it takes some time. So initial kind of like 
reaction, if at all we have to take a decision on price hike would be on what kind of like 
growth we are seeing in customers who are doing 1 trade in F&O, which area they are 
going, are we able to recover certain portion that we have in our mind to achieve that 
OPM of 50%. So if at all we see, we would not be able to maintain this trajectory of 
OPM of 50% for this business, we will take a call on price hike. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
And by OPM, you mentioned you mean EBITDA margin, right? The reported EBITDA 
margin that we reported? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
And secondly, there is a sharp decline in trade payables on a Q-on-Q basis from ₹ 
9,400 crores to ₹ 6,500 crores. So what is the reason for the decline? And how should 
we see that trend going forward? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Vineet, if you can take this question. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 28 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Yes. Nidhesh, this is in trend with the weaker sentiments in the market. And when 
people trade more, they bring more money when people trade less, they keep lesser 
money. So this is nothing to worry about. As the market sentiments improve, we will 
see an improvement in the trade payables as well. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. And last question is on mutual fund distribution monetization. So we have become 
second largest SIP originator, I think mutual AUM has crossed ₹ 10,000 crores. So is 
there a plan or is there any way we can monetize this platform on the mutual fund 
distribution? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Currently, this in mutual fund distribution on B2B, we are charging. And on B2C, we are 
not charging. Because that is helping us to retain our customers and engage customers 
for a longer period of time. So our calculation shows that whenever we acquire a 
customer usually is acquired for broking even if you acquire for mutual fund services, 
revenue from those customers are almost same because ultimately, this customer 
trades in stocks, he goes and trades in F&O, commodity. 
 
So lifetime value, as well as first year revenue, is almost similar to a broking customer. 
So we do not see any kind of like loss because we are offering this at like a direct plan, 
where we are not earning revenue, by direct selling mutual funds to them. But revenue 
that we get from other services was almost same when we acquire a customer for 
broking service. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. Thank you, that's it for my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyansh Shah from Fort Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreyansh Shah: 
This is Shreyansh. So basically, my question was what is the churn rate among your 
NSE active clients like this trend as compared to the industry benchmarks? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Devender, any data we share on this? 
Devender Kumar: 
We do not share data on churn rate, but it will be ballpark in the same way as the 
industry rate. There's not much difference. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
If you can see, we are gaining more customer, active customer on NSE that is disclose 
our data. So you can take industry and our trend. Our trend is a bit superior to 
competition. 
Amit Majumdar: 
Shreyansh, if I may add, what you will notice is that there are a couple of data points 
that we have been coming out with. One is, of course, the consistency in revenue year-
on-year, so which shows that our customers are sticky on the platform. We have also 
have data around, how they have been building wealth for the next few years when they 
are on the platform, that also shows their stickiness. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 28 
 
 
And the data that Dineshbhai mentioned on the incremental customer additions, so far 
as the active customer base is concerned, which you will see on the NSE, and we are 
actually trending pretty well and amongst the highest in terms of the number of 
incremental customers that are coming and trading on our platform. 
 
And this is a 12-year rolling period. So given that 12-month rolling period. So given the 
12-month rolling period, we are seeing a significant rise in active customers who are 
trading on our platform, even in these market conditions. 
Shreyansh Shah: 
Okay, yes. And just a follow-on question. In regards to this wealth management 
segment, what share of revenue do you expect in next few years? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, we are not comparing this revenue with broking. So this is a wrong comparison. 
We are looking at that segment independently, and we want to become a really big 
player there. Srikanth, if you'd like to take this question? 
Srikanth Subramanian: Yes, sure. Dinesh also mentioned wealth, as you all know, is a practice business. It's 
not a business that is built overnight. And we are here in terms of having some of the 
best quality talent from the industry, both in terms of domain and obviously combining 
it with Angel One’s tech prowess. 
 
The idea here is conventional wealth management has seen some bit of struggle to 
grow in terms of their ability to serve customers beyond, let's say, the top end of the 
customers. We believe that there is a play, where if we do not dilute our domain skills 
and add technology skills on top, we can grow the market horizontally, which means we 
can take our trade across to a much wider set of audience, where we can by using 
technology can disseminate services without adding to the cost to serve economics. 
 
So, I think the vision that we have is to continue focusing servicing some of the higher-
end customers who have been patrons and who we have been very fortunate to service 
for a long period of time and continue that high-touch business. But now to take a similar 
experience and bring it to a much wider audience, who are ambitious, we have 
reasonably strong wealth. But as I mentioned in the opening remarks, there is a 
reasonable scarcity in terms of high-quality services and choice of services available to 
these customers. So our idea is to expand the market, thereby expand our economic 
model accordingly. And also by using technology automate most of the journeys, which 
in wealth management are ready for automation. So for example, anything that touches, 
will keep a very high-touch experience. Anything behind that we believe can be 
significantly automated, thereby keeping our overall opex in check. 
 
So we will, of course, keep speaking to each other for a while to come. You will see 
some of these playing. I think our ability or our vision to grow this business is slightly 
more over the medium to long term, keeping in mind how to keep the cost economic 
model slightly different, whereby we can service a much larger audience and to keep 
the operating margins slightly more in control by using the right technology. So, that's 
the way the vision of wealth management has been in the foundation. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 28 
 
Shreyansh Shah: 
So currently, you don't have any quantifiable numbers as such in mind to share? 
Srikanth Subramanian: Look, these licenses that are required to run this game almost towards the end of the 
last quarter. We already have a fairly interesting pipeline, but we can only -- we could 
have only started once the relevant regulatory approvals came in place. So I think now 
that they are all behind us, we expect the numbers to start picking up from here. 
 
So I think at this point of time, I'll refrain from making a forward-looking statement, but 
it suffices to say that what was required to build it in terms of people, product, and 
license, and technology, all four are in place now. 
Shreyansh Shah: 
Thanks a lot. It's from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Shah from Pranishta. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Dineshbhai, I think you partially answered the question in response to another 
participant, but I just wanted to kind of understand that with all the initiatives that we 
have on insurance, on lending credit that is, mutual fund is mostly passive, wealth 
management, by when do you think all of this will start firing on all cylinders to augment 
the revenue base that we have currently? Will it be more like 2 to 3 years or probably 4 
to 5 years? Just an understanding of how you think the company will shape? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
So already we have factored in all the costs for all this vertical, almost to a great extent, 
and they have started firings. If you look at mutual fund, as I said already, we are 
number 2 in terms of incremental SIP. In terms of credit, we have disbursed around ₹ 
600 crores. Insurance journey, we have just did a beta testing. Wealth, we just got 
licenses and team is in place. So I believe that already like all the verticals have started 
contributing to the top line. So every quarter, you will see the growth rate and we'll 
disclose number of each and every vertical. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Got it. And how would you think the company would look like in, unless it's an absolutely 
unfair question, I mean, just want to get a sense of how, you visualize the company to 
be in 3 to 4 years, time as compared to where we are right now? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, like size of the company would become bigger, but we want to be a platform 
company, except for wealth management, where we would be looking at Ultra HNI, HNI 
business. But, what is important for Angel One is that how we can use technology to 
disrupt and make inclusive for everyone, all individuals across the country to get the 
service whatever they need in terms of their personal finance. 
 
So I would see next 3 to 5 years is a platform company where revenue is coming from 
all different services. So a customer has a faith in terms of when they on-board, they 
are sure that they would be guided advice on all the services, what they're looking out 
for. We are not a company who will be just selling or pushing all the products. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 28 
 
 
We'll be using lots of AI tools to understand personalized every cohort, every person's 
requirement and be fully connected with ecosystem. So what we would be in 3 to 5 
years would be fully connected platform with the whole ecosystem and would be having 
a good insight of every individual who on-boards on our app and we'll be able to guide 
in terms of their cash flow, their goals, their requirement. We will be totally a different 
company than what we are today. 
 
So we are investing heavily on those tools and those kind of like innovations. And you 
will see every quarter, you will see some kind of like incremental kind of like innovations 
would be bringing on our platform. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Understood. And Dineshbhai, just 1 quick last 1 on the regulatory changes happened, 
and a lot of regulatory changes have happened, do you have any view on any further 
maybe market practice changes or regulatory changes that we might need to adapt to 
over the next foreseeable future? Or you think that we've probably seen as much as 1 
at this point in time? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
I think whatever like major kind of like regulatory changes, which they had in mind, have 
already been implemented. I don't see any major kind of this thing coming now. We 
have to just get adopted and adjusted to this kind of new reality. And for customer, it 
takes time to adapt and readjust to this reality. 
 
So they are also like be trying to work on that, which segment they want to be active. 
Now given that there was slowdown this quarter, so they need some trigger to get back 
into market and say, hey, I was doing F&O, I want to do cash or commodity or whatever. 
So I think that kind of like that implementation of regulatory changes, almost is there in 
our market and our volumes. 
Sanjay Shah: 
That's fantastic. Thank you so much, Dineshbhai and all the best. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
So I just wanted to understand on the expenses side. So what would be the proportion 
of, say, fixed cost in the other expenses head and how to read this going forward in the 
coming quarters in sync with the customer acquisition? And alongside that, you had 
mentioned overall margin of around where we are right now, so maybe to 40% going 
forward also. So I assume that, that should be excluding the investments for IPL, or 
you're expecting a margin profile of that, including IPL cost as well. So that is the first 
part. 
 
And also, in the IPL period, would we be continuing to do the same amount of like 
advertising spend like we did last time or in the current situation where the market 
conditions are stepping, would we be looking to maybe slowdown slightly that spend? 
So that is on the other expenses. And also if you could give some guidance on how we 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 28 
 
expect the employee expense base to shape up going forward and whether we would 
expect some inflation going ahead in FY '26. So that's on the expenses side. And also 
in the assisted business, I wanted to understand how many sub-brokers we had and 
what is our, you know, right to win there. I mean, considering that few of your sub-
brokers might already be distributing financial products. So, if you could just give us 
some color of, how we expect growth there. And slightly on a medium-term point of 
view, in your mind, if you could help us understand which businesses among the newer 
ones that you are investing in is likely to scale up faster than the other. How should we 
think about it? Yes, these would be my questions. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Okay. First of all, on expenses side, almost we have taken a majority of expenses, 
except for our CEO would be joining maybe in our next start of the financial year. So 
otherwise, I don't see any major kind of changes in terms of fixed expenses because 
we were in that build-up at almost like whatever was needed in terms of senior 
resources. Now everything depends on how business grows and how much we want to 
spend on acquiring the customer, given that, we were growing at the rate of around 
40%, 45%. So that is already factored in our cost. And IPL, again, expenses are always 
is based on responses that we get when season starts. 
 
So it's just too early to comment on IPL part. But definitely, we would like to continue 
with our visibility and expenses that we did last year, we saw a good benefit from that. 
On your financial product distribution, Saurabh and Nishant, if you want to take this 
question? 
Nishant Jain: 
Yes, so I'll try and respond to your question with regards to how would the channel 
partner expansion help us drive revenue and overall expansion and growth. So here is 
how one has to see this. One is that the vision for the assisted business has always 
been multi-channel play and multi-product play. And therefore, what that means is that 
it doesn't necessarily restrict us from not expanding the channel partner base. So for 
example, to your point, there might be a few sub-brokers who might be having a POSP 
elsewhere. So that's fine. But also, there would be a large portion of sub-brokers who 
might not be dealing in insurance, and that is the first port of call that we would, of 
course, drive. Having said so, we are also actively targeting the 2 million-odd POSPs 
that exist in the industry. At the same time, we see a lot of opportunity for us to train 
youngsters and make them self-sufficient. So it will be a combination of the 3. As far as 
our expansion of the channel partner in regards to Insurance is concerned. The same 
approach has to be seen in context of mutual fund distributors. We have almost doubled 
our mutual fund distributor base in the last 9 months. Now another vector of growth for 
us would be that you may come in as a mutual fund distributor or you may come in as 
a point-of-sale partner. But eventually, we would anticipate and we would expect you to 
also transition to broking, which is the mainline and vice versa. So there will be a lot of 
cross pollination. As a result, the growth or the upside would be, I would say, a 
summation of all these activities. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Understood, sir. And Dinesh, sir, on the question like on the 3 businesses that we 
expect to grow? 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 28 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
As I said, whatever business we get into, our vision is to become a leader in that 
business. So all business are very important for us in terms of growth and having certain 
position because our customer needs all these services. But if you are -- I think you are 
purely talking about, when they will contribute to bottom line. 
 
So business like credit, wealth, mutual fund, insurance business would be fast to 
contribute to bottom line. AMC, because we want to build a very sustained, a very large 
business will take its own time because we want to sell just right product which is for 
retail. 
 
And for us, like as I said, when we are selling a right product, mutual fund and all that, 
it may not contribute to bottom line immediately but it helps us to retain sustained 
customer and expand this market and get higher market share in terms of new 
acquisition and get people who are trusting on our platform. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Okay, sir, understood. And just a quick last one. The 18% to 20% impact that you see, 
so that is on the net income, right? So, I mean, excluding what we pay to our APs. 
Would that be the right assumption? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Right. It's the net impact on our revenue. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
impact on? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Net revenue, Yes. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Okay, sir. Understood. That's very helpful, sir. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan from Jetha Global. Please go ahead. 
Karan: 
I had two questions. When you think about AI and one of the biggest benefits of AI in 
the BFSI vertical, I think the recent Bajaj Finance Investor Day made it quite clear that 
there's a big potential increase in revenue per employee. And if you sort of benchmark 
the number of employees, that Angel One has at this point, which is if your website is 
correct, 3,700 employees versus global peers such as Futu, Interactive Brokers or 
Robinhood, you do have 50% more employees than them, despite revenue base that 
is far lower. 
 
So I guess the question is, when you double and triple your revenue base from where 
we are today, what do you think happens then to your employee base? Because 
theoretically, AI should allow you to really drive that number up materially, which I think 
is a much more important metric than necessarily margins in any given quarter. So 
that's the first question. 
 
The second question would be just on the engagement, if you look at MAUs. I know 
we're building this kind of cross-sell platform, which is fantastic. It's certainly enlarges 
the TAM. Now the payment platforms who are considerably more MAUs have tried this 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 28 
 
in a way and failed. And I guess my question is with many fewer MAUs, we're hoping 
to build this platform. 
 
I guess, with the thesis that the retention of our customers is higher and they come in 
with very purposeful intent to shop for financial services. But yes, if you could explain  
why it didn't work there and why you think it's going to work here in terms of cash rates 
of these various services because it certainly didn't work, I think, in that scenario, other 
than just lending, I guess, right? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
I will ask both CPTO Ravish and CTO Jyoti to add. But what I want to say is that we are 
very much focused on using AI and all that. That's the reason you will see a lot of 
spending is going on acquiring people who have knowledge, who have worked with 
these models. But we are not just looking at just creating this efficiency of employ. We 
would like to use AI to personalize service to our customers and many more things. 
Ravish and Jyoti, if you can add on this, both the questions, yes. 
Ravish Sinha: 
So, I think the first question around how AI is going to take over and what will happen 
to the employees, I necessarily don't see it that way. Any kind of technology evolution, 
even in the past, has never resulted in saying what happens to the employees or how 
they stand. It just up-levels the job. 
 
And people do jobs at a more extracted level, rather than impacting the employee 
directly. So I don't necessarily correlate those things. AI actually should bring in 
goodness to us and better personalized experiences to our consumers, which we are 
committed to and we have started and pouring into that to personalize services. So that 
would be the answer to the first question. The second question, can someone repeat 
that? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Karan, ask the second question on what you were asking, retention of customer and all 
that? 
Karan: 
Yes, I can repeat my second question. So my second question is, if you look at Paytm 
and PhonePe, they have 200 million MAUs or at least PhonePe does, and they tried 
the cross-sell strategy in financial services, and it hasn't worked. You have far fewer 
MAUs than that, although growing rapidly. But you, I guess, you are positive here that 
your cross-sell strategy will work. So I just want to understand why it didn't work in 1 
case and why it should work in this case? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Let me just answer first part, then Ravish or Jyoti, you can take over. Cross-sell branch 
would have a stretchability on what they can sell. So maybe we work hard on seeing 
that, okay, whether we are able to get first of all visibility and top-of-the-mind recall, 
where people are able to connect with their services. 
 
So maybe what we are doing in terms of working on brand visibility and trying to work 
on creatives is helping us. Second thing is that when we build any platform company, 
immaterial of whether you're using AI or not, to build a platform company takes lots of 
expenses. Once you have built, capacity of that platform is immense. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 26 of 28 
 
 
So as we acquire more customers, you will see our proportionate to what customers we 
are acquiring or revenue we are getting, our cost will not grow proportionately. On other 
things, Ravish or Jyoti, if you can take. 
Jyotiswarup Raiturkar: 
So we already leveraged Copilot whether it's for core completion or for automation of a 
few manual activities already, right. So we are working closely with Microsoft on figuring 
out how Copilot can improve, developer productivity and how we can automate certain 
tasks which were previously done manually. 
Amit Majumdar: 
And Karan, if I may also add, the stickiness of the customer is actually depends upon 
the intrinsic nature of the platform. So like you compared ourselves to, say, a Paytm. 
So the point here is that our hero product has been equity. 
 
And in an equity, a customer has exposure on a platform and he is investing money, he 
is investing stocks, he is holding them, and therefore his ability to stay on the platform 
is far more longer than comparing, say, to a platform which is a payment-driven platform 
where the stickiness of the customer is limited because there are several payment 
platforms, each of them giving out offers, so the customer generally follows an offer to 
maximize his own gain. And to that extent, therefore, the inherent nature of the platform 
also determines how SuperApp, in our case, will be more successful. 
 
And therefore, it is this very sticky customers to whom we are selling other products 
and services. And that ensures that our SuperApp strategy is here to stay and will be 
far more beneficial when compared to the platforms that you mentioned. Hope that also 
addresses your question. 
Nishant Jain: 
So I would also like to kind of chime in here. Given my past experience, what I am 
seeing is that the adjacencies also play a role. So, to the point which Amit just made, if 
as a consumer I am coming into a platform like a PhonePe or a Paytm, taking a 
payment-first approach, I am not necessarily seeing an adjacency in a Paytm mall or 
adjacency in a travel unless there is a payment involved or adjacency in investments. 
 
I am looking for subject matter expertise and which, on occasions, it has been perceived 
by the consumers that these platforms have fallen short of it. The very fact that PhonePe 
has so heavily, I would say, promoted motor insurance is a very concerted effort to re-
divert the active users that they have towards a particular segment. 
 
So, the point one is making is that a very, very fragmented adjacencies have not 
necessarily worked. Now, how it differentiates and distinguishes us is that we have 
always been an equity-first approach. Our consumers who have come in so far have 
come in from an equity-first use case. 
 
Now, when an adjacency like a mutual fund or an adjacency like an insurance or an 
adjacency which could be in the form of a wealth product is pitched to that consumer, 
the receptivity of that consumer is far higher. That's what our experience so far 
suggests. 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 27 of 28 
 
 
And I'll also kind of re-emphasise on the point which Amit had made and Dinesh Bhai 
had also touched upon, which is that if you look at even a consumer who's coming from 
a mutual fund-first approach, the moment that consumer shifted into broking, we are 
seeing similar revenues from that consumer coming by. 
 
And therefore, what this is telling is that adjacencies is a very, very important component 
in terms of the decision-making. Now, that's one take on what your question was. 
Devender Kumar: 
Just to add, Karan, to what Amit and Nishant are highlighting, I think whenever you look 
at other platforms like PhonePe, Paytm, they are kind of operating in the space of 
money flow while they're helping and making it easier for people to flow the money into 
various services. But when you look at our services, we are kind of operating at the end 
point of that money flow, where that money gets deployed, wherever it's investment, 
whether it's insurance, whether it's lending. These are end points of money. I think that's 
where the prime difference lies in terms of how we are operating and how other 
platforms are operating. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shobhit Sharma from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Sir, my first question is we have exercised multiple pricing levers. One of them was 
quarterly account maintenance charges on the non-BSDA account. On the last 
quarterly call, we mentioned that most of our accounts are non BSDA. So what was the 
revenue, which we have recognized from these accounts in the current quarter? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Do we disclose all this, Devender or Bhavin? 
Devender Kumar: 
We don't share these numbers across. This part of other income is where it gets 
accounted Shobhit. But at an overall level, this is -- we don't share the point-wise 
numbers. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay. My second question is on your insurance distribution space. We have started 
penetrating in this space. Are we penetrating this space? Is this entirely digital or we 
have some feet on the street for this distribution? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. So Saurabh and Nishant, you both can answer this. 
Saurabh Agarwal: 
So on the insurance distribution piece, we have been there on ground for a few quarters 
now already. On the digital distribution piece, we have just launched motor insurance 
on the app with the insurers. So that will scale over time. But on the physical distribution 
piece, we already have feet on street, and we've been doing some business on the 
insurance side there as well.  
Shobhit Sharma: 
Yes. So a follow-up on this. Like we have seen the largest distribution platform on this 
space is a fintech, and they also provide support at the time of claims, which provides 
trust to the consumers for buying the policy via them. What kind of support does Angel 
One provide their customers if they procure insurance from them? 

Angel One Limited 
January 14, 2025 
 
Page 28 of 28 
 
Saurabh Agarwal: 
We have just launched the buying journey for the customers, the claims support and all 
of those things to ensure that we have the best experience for the customer, which is 
getting built and will get built over the next few quarters, when we integrate deeply with 
our lenders, with our insurers and solve the claim journey. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, this was the last question for 
today's conference call. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Dinesh 
Thakkar for his closing comments. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you for joining us on the call today. I hope we have answered your queries 
satisfactorily. Should you require any assistance, please feel free to contact Hitul Gutka, 
Head of Investor Relations; or SGA, our Investor Relations Advisers. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Angel One Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
