 
   LATL:CS:REG30:2024-25                                                                                                             Date: 20.02.2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Mumbai – 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Security Code : 532796 
Symbol : LUMAXTECH 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call- Q3 FY 2024-25 
 
Dear Sir/Ma'am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the 
Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call for all Investors/General Public which was held 
on Friday, February 14, 2025 at 02:30 P.M. (IST) to discuss the Operational and Financial performance of 
the Company for the 3rd Quarter ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The 
transcript 
shall 
also 
be 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxautotech/transcript.html. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pankaj Mahendru 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No. A28161 
 
Encl: As stated above 
PANKAJ 
MAHENDRU
Digitally signed by 
PANKAJ MAHENDRU 
Date: 2025.02.20 
14:47:28 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Lumax Auto Technologies Limited  
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 14, 2025 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 14th November 2024 will prevail  
  
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANMOL JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. DEEPAK JAIN –DIRECTOR  
MR. VIKAS MARWAH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. SUNIL KOPARKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR, IAC INDIA  
MR. SANJAY MEHTA – DIRECTOR AND GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SANJAY BHAGAT – HEAD OF AFTERMARKET – LUMAX 
AUTO TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. NAVAL KHANNA – CORPORATE HEAD, TAXATION  
MS. PRIYANKA SHARMA – HEAD CORPORATE 
COMMUNICATIONS  
MR. ANKIT THAKRAL – CORPORATE FINANCE  
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Lumax Auto Technologies Limited Q3 and 9 
Months FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anmol Jain, Managing Director of Lumax Auto 
Technologies Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anmol Jain: 
Thank you. A very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to our Q3 and 
9 months FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. Along with me on this call, I have Mr. Deepak Jain, 
Director; Mr. Vikas Marwah, CEO; Mr. Sunil Koparkar, Managing Director, IAC India; Mr. 
Sanjay Mehta, Director and Group CFO; Mr. Sanjay Bhagat, Head of Aftermarket; Mr. Naval 
Khanna, Corporate Head, Taxation; Ms. Priyanka Sharma, Head, Corporate Communications; 
and Mr. Ankit Thakral, Corporate Finance; along with SGA, our Investor Relations adviser. 
 
The results and presentations have been uploaded on the stock exchanges and the company's 
website. I hope everybody has had a chance to go through the same. I'm happy to announce that 
our performance for this quarter has been very strong with revenue growth of 24% at INR906 
crores, which has been the highest ever single quarter revenue in the history of the company.  
 
Nine months, too, witnessed a strong performance with revenue standing at INR2,504 crores, a 
growth of 21%. This revenue includes INR23 crores from Greenfuel Energy Solutions, which 
has been consolidated from 26th November 2024, having an impact of 3% and 1% on the Q3 
and 9 months growth respectively. We continue to beat the industry growth rate and this 
exceptional performance is a testament to our decade-long partnerships with OEMs and the 
enduring trust they place in our products and solutions. 
 
It also highlights the strength of our technological expertise, manufacturing excellence and the 
strategic advantages gained through our joint venture collaborations. I would like to provide a 
brief overview of the key macroeconomic factors currently shaping the Indian economy and 
their potential impact on the automotive industry. 
 
The country has experienced a period of economic slowdown with GDP growth showing signs 
of moderation. Consumer confidence has been somewhat dampened due to persistent inflation 
and high interest rates, leading to cautious spending patterns. However, the recent union budget 
presented by the Honorable Finance Minister has delivered a much needed boost to the economy. 
 
One of the most significant measures introduced is the increase in the income tax exemption 
limit, which will leave consumers with higher disposable income. This, in turn, we believe, can 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 3 of 17 
 
have a positive impact on the automotive sector as more individuals may now consider 
purchasing vehicles. With improved affordability and greater financial flexibility, we anticipate 
a steady demand in the industry, supporting its growth in the coming quarters. 
 
Now coming to the performance of the overall automotive industry during the quarter. Overall, 
it grew by 6% in quarter 3 FY '25 as per the data released by SIAM. On a segment-wise basis, 
passenger vehicles, the issue of higher inventories at dealers' end was addressed with OEMs 
providing recent discounts to clear the inventory levels. Overall, the festive season, coupled with 
decent discounts helped the passenger vehicle industry witness highest sales ever in quarter 3 of 
any year. 
 
The ongoing trend of premiumization remains strong. However, with the recent increase in the 
income tax exemption limit, we may see a potential revival in demand for the entry-level 
vehicles as well. However, a weakness in urban demand, relatively high interest rates and some 
tightening in retail loans may lead to a muted growth in this segment. 
 
The 2-wheeler industry has witnessed a strong revival throughout the year, achieving a double-
digit growth despite a slight slowdown in the sales momentum in December 2024. This growth 
has been largely driven by a favorable monsoon, barring excess rainfall in some regions, along 
with a robust agricultural sector performance and rising rural demand. While there may be a 
marginal dip in the growth in the last quarter, the overall volume expansion in the domestic 2-
wheeler market is expected to remain in the low double digits. 
 
New model launches by leading players, particularly in the EV segment, are expected to further 
fuel the demand. Additionally, a recovery in export market, as seen in the numbers reported by 
leading OEMs in the last quarter, provides further optimism for the 2-wheeler industry's 
production outlook. 
 
On the commercial vehicles, the commercial vehicle market has continued to face challenges 
where the volumes have remained flat on account of slowdown in industrial activities and a 
sluggish pace of government capital expenditure, which was impacted by multiple elections.  
 
Additionally, the demand for LCVs is experiencing some cannibalization due to the rising 
popularity of electric 3-wheelers for local transportation, which are proving to be a much more 
cost-effective alternative for last mile connectivity. However, in FY '26, we can see some 
recovery in the commercial vehicle industry with an uptick in government and private sector 
capex. 
 
Speaking of our operations, during the quarter, we have consolidated the operations of Greenfuel 
Energy Solutions Private Limited from 26th of November 2024. Greenfuel's expertise in clean 
mobility solutions complements our product portfolio. This integration is expected to drive 
significant synergies by leveraging Greenfuel's technological capabilities and Lumax's extensive 
OEM relationships, manufacturing excellence and the distribution network. 
 
With a growing push for sustainable mobility, this partnership positions Lumax Technologies to 
catalyze on the increasing adoption of alternative fuel vehicles, expanding its product portfolio 
and driving long-term growth in the green automotive space. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Giving an update on some of the major awards won by the company in the recent quarter and as 
recent as this month, the subsidiary company, IAC India, won 3 awards, including the Business 
Partner of the Year and Special Appreciation Award for development in Thar Roxx and BE 6 
models from an esteemed customer, Mahindra & Mahindra, at the recently held Supplier 
Conference. 
 
The subsidiary company, Lumax Cornaglia, also won 1 award for innovation in development of 
Degassing Tank at the same vendor conference of Mahindra & Mahindra. The Bangalore plant 
of the company has been awarded with the prestigious JIPM TPM Consistency Award. The 
Chakan plant of the company also won the JIPM TPM Excellence Consistency Award at the 
Bajaj Auto Vendor Association Convention for the year '24-'25. 
 
The subsidiary company, Lumax Ituran Telematics, received a prestigious Hall of Fame Award 
from Daimler India Commercial Vehicles for its role as a reliable telematics partner, achieving 
100% delivery and quality performance. 
 
We remain highly optimistic about the future, driven by multiple growth levers in the automotive 
industry, rising disposable incomes, improved consumer sentiment, increased capital 
expenditure from both the government and private sector and the wave of new model launches 
by OEMs are set to propel the industry forward. 
 
Our strong performance reflects our resilience and unwavering commitment to excellence. With 
a sharp focus on innovation and adaptability, we are well positioned to capitalize on emerging 
opportunities and drive a sustainable growth in the years ahead. 
 
Now I would like to use it over to Mr. Sanjay Mehta, Director and Group CFO, to update you 
on the operational and financial performance of the company. 
Sanjay Mehta: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Let me brief on the operational and financial performance for Q3 and 
9 months FY '25. Your company has witnessed a strong performance with revenue growth of 
24% and 21% for Q3 and 9 months FY '25, respectively. 
 
Coming to the product, category-wise performance for 9 months, the Advance Plastic has grown 
by 18% from INR1,204 crores in 9 months FY '24 last year to INR1,420 crores in 9 months FY 
'25. Our outlook for this segment remains strong with more premiumization trends and addition 
of new product lines. Order book for this segment stands at INR 660 crores. 
 
Mechatronics segment has grown from INR38 crores to INR67 crores in 9 months FY '25, a 
strong growth of 75%. This product category has huge opportunity in terms of wallet share in 
new model launches through cross-selling. The order book stands at INR 320 crores for this 
segment. 
 
Structures & Control Systems segment has grown by 9% from INR471 crores to INR512 crores 
in 9 month FY '25. Our outlook for the segment remains strong with opportunity to penetrate 
premium and EV segment and the addition of new technology-driven products with order book 
standing at INR170 crores. Green Energy Solutions recent addition to our portfolio has a strong 
visibility due to growing preference for alternate fuels in the country. The strong demand is 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 5 of 17 
 
reflected in our robust order book, which currently stand at INR200 crores, positioning us well 
for sustained growth in this segment. 
 
Revenue from Aftermarket segment has growth of 3% in FY '25 with respect to 9 months last 
year, pretty much similar to all major Tier 1 suppliers and other peers. This is largely because of 
over realization due to tight money liquidity in the Aftermarket. Our outlook is better for Q4 
with the ease in liquidity and new product launches, which will lead to double-digit growth in 
Q4 with respect to Q4 of last year. 
 
The total order book, considering the value of all product categories, are INR1,350 crores, out 
of which 90% is new business. 30% order book value will mature in FY '26, 40% in FY '27 and 
remaining 30% in FY '28. EV contribution is approximately 40% of the total order book. 
 
With increased focus on passenger vehicle segment and integration of IAC, our share of 
passenger vehicle stood at 50% in 9 months FY '25 as compared to 47% in last year. In 9 months, 
FY '25, 2/3-wheeler contribution to overall revenue is at 25%, Aftermarket at 12%, our CV at 
8% and balance 5% was contributed by other categories. 
 
On financial highlights, the consolidated revenue for Q3 stood at INR906 crores as compared to 
INR733 crores, up by 24% year-on-year. On 9 month FY '25 basis, revenue is INR2,504 crores 
compared to INR2,064 crores, a growth of 21%. 
 
EBITDA margin stands at 14% for Q3. Absolute EBITDA for Q3 is at INR127 crores, a growth 
of 9% on a year-on-year basis. 9 months '25 margins stood at 14% with EBITDA growing by 
15% at INR350 crores on a year-on-year basis. PAT before minority interest for the quarter is at 
INR56 crores as compared to INR48 crores in Q3 FY '24, a growth of 17%. The tax rate for the 
quarter is 25% and is likely to continue in the same range in the future. 
 
The capex outlay during 9 months has been at INR83 crores, majorly on account of new products 
SOPs in IAC and Lumax Alps. The guidance for the full year remains at INR130 crores to 
INR140 crores. The company is sitting on a healthy free cash of INR315 crores as on 31st 
December, whereas the long-term debt is at INR462 crores, which has increased from previous 
quarter due to acquisition for the purchase consideration of Greenfuel Energy. The long-term 
debt equity ratio stands at 0.53 as on 31st December. 
 
With this, we open the floor for question. 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir. Thank you very much. We have our first question from the line of Apurva Mehta from 
A M Investments. Please go ahead.  
Apurva Mehta: 
Sir, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir, just wanted your broad outlook on where the 
4-wheeler industry and the 2-wheeler industry is moving on the basis that a lot of new EV 
launches are happening? And where do we see ourself in this EV launches? 
Anmol Jain: 
So Apurva, thank you very much. Number one, on the passenger vehicles, as I mentioned in my 
opening remarks even in FY '26, similar to what of FY '25, I think the growth would be pretty 
muted. The penetration of electric vehicles, we believe, will definitely be far more in the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 6 of 17 
 
passenger vehicle segment, and that's primarily because of some of the recent launches, which 
we have seen. 
 
The full year production of those particular launches from big OEMs like Mahindra and Maruti 
Suzuki will add significant volumes in FY '26. So the penetration levels will definitely be much 
higher than what they are today. However, overall, as a passenger vehicle, I think we are still 
anywhere looking at estimates between anywhere 3% to 4% or 5% at best. 
 
The 2-wheeler industry, however, will continue to outperform the other segments, even in the 
current year, as I mentioned, the 2-wheeler industry has reported a double-digit growth, and we 
are fairly certain that in FY '26, we will surpass the FY '19 historic production volume of about 
24.5 million units. 
 
So 2-wheelers will continue to outshine. And I think the penetration of EVs in 2-wheeler 
continues to increase. If you see the last 3-year trends, it's consistently increasing . And of course, 
the players will keep changing, but the good part is that the legacy players are now commanding 
the top 2, top 3 positions in the electric 2-wheeler segment. And Lumax Technologies, again, 
both on the 4-wheeler as well as on the 2-wheeler electric vehicle models has a good presence 
with a sizable contribution per vehicle. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Okay. And where we are placed today if we want to penetrate more into the EV side of the thing? 
And are we finding any new products which are particularly focusing on EV side of the thing? 
Or anything which is on the pipeline or in the radar where you will be in future trying to penetrate 
more into the EV side of the business? 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes, absolutely. I think the company is currently also evaluating certain products and 
technologies to foray into the EV space. We believe that the play in EV will be more on the 
software and integration side where there will be real value added rather than the hardware and 
product manufacturing sites, which may slowly but surely get commoditized. So I think there is 
a lot of significant focus by the company to evaluate how to get into this software and integration 
space for the EV vertical. And I'm hoping that in FY '26, you will see some traction and 
movement towards the same. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And on the JV side, Mechatronics has ramped up a lot of orders. Can you just explain which are 
the JVs which are getting huge order from this Mechatronics? 
Anmol Jain: 
So if you look at Mechatronics as a whole in the 9 months outlook, they have grown by 
approximately 75%. And in this, one of the clear winners was the telematics joint venture, which 
started in FY '24, but for the full year realization has significantly ramped up on the volumes. 
Also, the Yokowo joint venture because of certain new product launches has grown by almost 
close to 85% to 90%. 
 
So these were 2. And the last was the oxygen sensor joint venture, which has ramped up its 
production in FY '25. And going forward in FY '26, we actually see all of these JVs are having 
a significant run rate and contributing to the top line growth. 
Apurva Mehta: 
So this INR320 crores order breakup is more towards telematics or where it is exactly? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes. So INR220 crores is on the total mechatronic. And I would say that almost half of that 
would be for the Alps Alpine joint venture. Along with that, there is also a discussion with a 
new Japanese player as a Tier 2 contract manufacturing setup, which would further add about 
INR100 crores to the order book. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Okay. And that is for export or for domestic? 
Anmol Jain: 
It is for domestic product. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Okay. And any new products or developments which you would like to highlight in the last 
quarter where we have done anything new? 
Anmol Jain: 
So Apurvaji, I think the new product, as I mentioned, yes, it will get into SOP only in FY '26. 
That is something. But along with that, there are 2 particular products where we have already 
gone into SOP under the Alps Alpine joint venture. One is a throttle position sensor and one is 
an in-vehicle infotainment system. Both are in the 2-wheeler space. One is more specific to EV 
model and one is, again, going on an ICE model. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Okay. And your outlook for next year, broadly? 
Anmol Jain: 
Well, it's too premature to say, but I would suggest that the overall revenue would continue to 
outperform the industry, anywhere close to between 15% to 20% would be our estimate in terms 
of the top line growth. I think our endeavour is to continue to sustain and further expand these 
EBITDA margins in FY '26 as well. So we do not anticipate any major hiccups. There are certain 
signs of raw material pricing going up. But again, that is a lag. We should be able to recover 
them from the OEMs in 3 to 6 months' time frame. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Okay. And on the Greenfuel side, where we are currently and what are we doing to complete the 
chain of the whole packet? And is it possible to us that we use this Greenfuel for the Aftermarket 
also in a bigger way, like putting the whole set of the CNG kit like a thing? 
Anmol Jain: 
So absolutely, I think Greenfuel, obviously, because of our full year consolidation will becoming 
a much more sizable by contribution of the pie in terms of the top line and bottom line in FY 
'26. We continue to believe that the  kit value and the content value per vehicle through the CNG 
core products and other products which we are pouring into should be anywhere between to 
INR7,000 to INR10,000 of vehicles in the near future in maybe another 2 years' time frame. 
 
On the Aftermarket, yes, we have already supplied about 2,000 CNG kits to the African market. 
We do believe that there is a tremendous export potential of converting CNG kits in Africa. 
We've done this for passenger vehicles as well as buses, and we continue to explore further 
geographies and territories for penetrating this conversion. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And on the Aftermarket side, we have been muted for last maybe 1.5 years. We are very stagnant 
which was our area where our focus was there and we were hoping to double the turnover in 
every 3 years. But last 1.5 years, for many reasons, it's not moving at all. So what is your take? 
And where should we look for next 3 years? Should we double the turnover now or from next 3 
years  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Anmol Jain: 
So absolutely, I think it has been an industry-wide phenomenon, nothing specific or exclusive 
to Lumax Technologies. If you look at other Tier 1 peers in the Aftermarket space, pretty much 
most of them, almost 90% of the big names have reported a very muted or a low single-digit 
growth in FY '25. 
 
However, as Mr. Sanjay Mehta had mentioned, we have already started seeing good traction in 
quarter 4 onwards, where January has been a good month, and we see a similar momentum 
continuing in the month of February as well. So for quarter 4 stand alone, we should be looking 
at a good double-digit growth rate, which is pretty similar to what the Aftermarket division used 
to do up until FY '24. 
 
Giving you a horizon, I think this growth momentum in FY '26 will continue very healthy into 
a double-digit territory. And yes, our endeavor is still to double the Aftermarket revenues in the 
next 3-year time frame, given the fact that more growth would probably come from the exports 
vertical, not just the domestic vertical. 
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Hitesh Goel from Riddhish Advisors. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Congratulations on very good results. Sir, you gave a pretty good background on the 3 main 
subsidiaries. So if you can give that about IAC, Lumax Mannoh and also Cornaglia. So what has 
happened in this quarter in terms of Y-o-Y growth, margins, how it has been and order book, 
which you can repeat because I think I missed the order books in position as well? 
Anmol Jain: 
So I think IAC continues to have a strong growth rate. For the 9 months of the current fiscal, 
total revenue was up by 20%. This was also on a large set of tooling revenue. If I look at the 
manufacturing, it was up by almost close to 14%. And I do believe that in quarter 4, this 
momentum would continue to grow. For the full year, I think we're looking at a 20-plus percent 
growth of manufacturing as well as including tooling a total growth of 30% plus. 
 
IAC continues to be a partner of choice for its largest customer, Mahindra & Mahindra. And as 
was mentioned earlier, we are sitting on a very strong order book of almost close to more than 
INR500 crores, INR550 crores in IAC itself. Further to that, we are also in dialogue in touch 
with other OEMs and expanding our wallet share there. 
 
Coming to Lumax Mannoh as well as Lumax Cornaglia, I think here, the growth rate clearly has 
been a little bit more muted. The Lumax Mannoh, while the volumes have grown, however, 
there has been a shift in the product mix more leaning towards manual transmission than 
automatic as previous year quarter, and that has resulted in a lower value offtake by the OEMs. 
We have only grown about 1% in the full 9 months, and we expect a pretty similar muted growth 
for the full year. But I think both these joint ventures, Lumax Cornaglia and Lumax Mannoh, 
should have a better growth rate in FY '26 on the back of a decent order book. 
Hitesh Goel: 
And sir, in IAC India, you talked about Tata Motors business starting on ambient lighting and 
plastic business from 4Q FY '25. So I think is that on track? Or there's some delay there? 
Anmol Jain: 
 On the Tata Motors front, we did get some order wins for their electric vehicle model. However, 
for now, they are under a complete revamp on the design. You may have also noticed certain 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 9 of 17 
 
media information where Tata Motors is now completely having a new strategy on how to defend 
their turf on the electric vehicle segment in the rise of competition. So there have been some 
changes but, we are deeply engaged with Tata Motors for ambient lighting and other plastic parts 
for the forthcoming models. 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Hiranandani from PhillipCapital. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Yes. Congratulations to the team for achieving the highest quarterly revenue, EBITDA as well 
as PAT. This is a commendable job. Sir, my first question is,  we have achieved a 10% EBITDA 
margin at the standalone level, which is 55 basis points improvement on a            Y-o-Y basis. 
And this is 14th quarter of high margin for standalone. So what is driving this improvement? 
And how much of it is sustainable? And  we have achieved it despite aftermarket growth of just 
in the low single digit. So your views on this same, please? 
Ankit Thakral: 
So yes, this is Ankit Thakral. So standalone revenue excluding aftermarket has grown by almost 
15% if we see 9-month Y-o-Y basis, and which are basically driven by 2 of its prime customers, 
which is Bajaj and HMSI. So both have shown significant growth. Bajaj revenue is almost up 
by 20% on 9-month  Y-o-Y basis , and HMSI also by similar closer to 15% to 18%. 
 
And yes, the EBITDA margin, if we exclude the other income part, yes, it has grown by almost 
60 to 70 basis points, which you said at closer to 10.5% for the 9 months. So of course, on the 
Aftermarket revenue has been flatter, but we have been able to maintain or, has been better than 
the last 9 months margin by almost 40 to 50 basis points, which is basically you can say that by 
giving certain price increases in the market or thereby doing some savings on account of raw 
materials. And all these reasons have enabled us to achieve the stand-alone margin better than 
the last 9 months. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
And sir, is it sustainable? 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes, we definitely feel that it's sustainable going forward. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Great. Sir, my second question is as per the presentation, our consolidated 9MFY25  EBITDA 
margin is about 70 basis points lower than your last 9M FY '24. So are we still maintaining our 
guidance of similar level margin in FY '25 versus FY '24? Also, along with this, if you can help 
us understand what would be the margin levers in the coming year? And conservatively, where 
do you see it reaching by FY '27, please? 
Ankit Thakral: 
So if we see the 9 months  FY'25 EBITDA margin, it is at 14%, and it was 14.7% in the 9 months 
last year. In the last year, if we exclude the Lumax Ancillary, which was acquired some time in 
Q4FY24, and in order to have the apple-to-apple comparison, if we exclude the Greenfuel 
numbers also in the current quarter, so that 14% becomes 14.5% for the 9 months current year 
also because Lumax Ancillary is at lower single-digit EBITDA margin, which is basically we 
are aspiring to grow in line with our company EBITDA margins. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
So with this, the 9 months, you can say that the margins are absolutely similar with respect to 
the 9 months last year. And we will be able to sustain similar sort of EBITDA margins going 
forward in the Q4, and financial year '25 whole year numbers will be somewhere closer to 14% 
to 14.5% for the 12 months. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Right. So sir, my second question was on this thing. Like what will be the margin levels in the 
coming years? And conservatively by FY '27, where do you see it reaching? 
Anmol Jain: 
, I think my margin guidance would be that anywhere close to 14.5% to 15%  which we should 
be looking at perhaps in FY '26 at a  consolidated level.  We are having a significant presence 
of the order book coming into the next year itself, backed by multiple small joint ventures, which 
are firing. Aftermarket also for FY '26, we do expect the double-digit growth to bounce back, 
which is operating at a higher EBITDA margin. So we do expect anywhere between 14.5% to 
15% should be the margin guidance for FY '26. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Right. So JVs will turn around and Aftermarket will also do well? So these are the 2 major levers 
for the margin improvement? 
Anmol Jain: 
That's correct. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Right. And sir, thirdly, we have added Tata Motors in IAC India as a new client. So are we on 
track for the SOP starting Q1 FY '26? And how large is this business? And additionally, if you 
can let us know the IAC revenue for 9MFY25, please? 
Anmol Jain: 
So IAC total revenue for 9 months of this fiscal stood at INR800 crores. And again, maybe I'll 
request Sunil Koparkar to just take the question on Tata Motors launch date and value of the 
business for IAC. 
Sunil Koparkar: 
I think the answer to your question is there is a delay in the program. We expect the delay to be 
about 6 months. And this delay is primarily driven by one single factor, which is the recent 
launch of Mahindra BEVs, which are in the market, has created a lot of momentum in the EV 
market. 
 
So Tata is rethinking of some of the design changes they need to do, which was supposed to 
come on stream next year. So we expect some delay in that respect. Tata revenue for us was the 
initial on this EV program was expected to be about INR30 crores to INR35 crores. 
Moderator: 
 
 
We have our next question from the line of Ganesh Shah from Unified Capital. 
Ganesh Shah: 
I'm new to tracking in this particular company. So what I'm trying to understand is in the 
structural or in the Advanced Plastics segment,  apart from gaining wallet share, I mean, with 
the existing customers, how does the content per vehicle actually increase? Is it just a function 
of adding more products that you can supply to OEMs? 
 
Or is there also an angle of premiumization that comes along with it? And with the existing 
OEMs, what would be our wallet share typically? How do you, as a strategy, expand that wallet 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 11 of 17 
 
share? And what are you sort of doing to add new customers? Or do you feel you've got the 
broad portfolio over there already right now? 
Anmol Jain: 
So thank you. Let me try to elaborate as best as possible. Advanced Plastics, it's almost close to 
55% of the total pie. Largely IAC would be the biggest contributor in the Advanced Plastics. 
Thereafter followed by, the lighting and polymer business for Bajaj Auto as a 2-wheeler and 
then we have HMSI as well as Lumax Cornaglia as an entity. 
 
I think the premiumization story is very integral to IAC. It's not just selling more products, It is 
actually a technological product, which is adding the contribution per vehicle based on 
premiumization. And we continue to see the new model launches, our kit value is consistently 
increasing based on certain new technologies like soft touch and premiumization. 
 
Going forward, as I said, we are also trying to integrate the ambient lighting piece to our interior 
offering so that, again, the entire kit value goes up significantly. While that holds true for IAC, 
for HMSI as well as for Bajaj, there is a largely plastic part business, which, again, we are trying 
to expand based on getting more and more products in our kitty and also getting products which 
have a higher contribution per vehicle compared to the bottom of the pyramid shoot and ship 
parts. So these are some of the ways how we are expanding our overall portfolio in the Advanced 
Plastics business. 
Ganesh Shah: 
That's very clear. And with the existing clients right now, how has our wallet share evolved, 
right? Who are we competing with in the supply of these products? And how will this drive 
growth like because you're guiding about 50% faster than industry, right? So I am just trying to 
understand over volumes and ACV, what other levers you have? And what do you expect would 
pan out in the coming years in terms of growth from those levers? 
Anmol Jain: 
So I think it's a pretty difficult question to answer because our wallet share differs entity to entity, 
product segment to product segments. Lumax Technologies being an extremely diverse player 
in terms of its product offering as well as multiple technologies, it's a very different equation for 
each of the entities. 
 
So in certain cases, for example, in Lumax Mannoh, where we are the market leader, we would 
have wallet share as high as 80% to 85% or even 100% in certain OEMs where we continue to 
be the single source. Similar would be the case in certain products of Lumax Cornaglia. 
However, then when we switch gears to certain other businesses like the metallics business, 
where our wallet share would be probably 30% in the overall Bajaj Metallic portfolio. 
 
So it would differ. But I think the way we are trying to do is, number one, increase our kit value; 
and number two, by cross-selling towards OEMs because the relationships are between the 
organization to the organization. That's how we're trying to expand our presence and our wallet 
share across different OEMs. So that's the strategic initiative which we're trying to get to. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir. Just on IAC, what was the 9-month revenue number and Y-o-Y growth? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Anmol Jain: 
The 9-month revenue number stands at INR800 crores, which is a growth of 20% Y-o-Y basis  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And specifically for IAC, what's your growth outlook next year? So at the company level, 
you have given the number, but specifically for IAC, what will be the growth? 
Anmol Jain: 
So I think we're still in the process. It largely depends on the Mahindra volumes. But we do 
expect a growth of at least somewhere 15% or more on the manufacturing revenue side, basically 
on the back of the new EV launches, which will have the full year realization. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And for IAC, 70% is Mahindra, right? 
Anmol Jain: 
That's correct. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And IAC is, let's say, INR800 crores divided by INR2,500. So about 40% for us is IAC? 
Ankit Thakral: 
Yes, 1/3 of the consolidated revenue is IAC. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Is IAC. And my last question is the other acquisition, the Green Solutions, when will it start 
getting merged? And can you give the pro forma number for 9 months for that entity? 
Ankit Thakral: 
So Greenfuel numbers have come into the consolidated revenue with effect from 26th of 
November 2024. So almost 35 days revenue amounting INR23 crores is part of INR906 crores 
revenue for the quarter 3. And the whole quarter number, which is a quarter 4, the current quarter, 
the overall quarter numbers will come as a part of the consolidated revenue in Q4, which is 
somewhere closer to INR75 crores to INR80 crores. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Can you give the 9-month revenue for Greenfuel Solution? 
Ankit Thakral: 
So Greenfuel Energy solutions as a 9-month revenue was closer to INR225-odd crores. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And what was the growth here? 
Ankit Thakral: 
I believe it was closer to 15% to 20%. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And margin of this business? 
Ankit Thakral: 
So margin is between 17% to 19%. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, , the consolidation is 100% or it is less than 100% of your ownership in 
Green? 
Ankit Thakral: 
We have purchased 60% equity stake of Greenfuel Energy. So up to PBT level, it is 100% and 
then 40% basically goes out as minority interest. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Shashank Kanodia from ICICI Securities. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Congratulations for superlative performance. Just wanted to check, sir. Firstly, what would be 
the execution timeline of the new order book that you have? I think initially, you used to guide 
us that 50% will get executed in the first 2 years and then probably this peak order book hitting 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 13 of 17 
 
in 3 years' time frame. So could you please help us explain what is the execution timeline of this 
order book of INR1,150-odd crores? 
Anmol Jain: 
So the total order book is about INR1,350 crores. About 30% of this will come in next year FY 
'26, 40% in FY '27 and the remaining 30% in FY '28. However, please note that this is an 
evolving number, and it will keep changing every quarter. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
And this is all incrementally new orders, right? So apart from the organic growth, this will be 
the incremental top line that is supposed to clock? 
Anmol Jain: 
That's correct. 90% of the order book is new orders, not replacement orders. We will expect this 
to have an incremental impact on the top line. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Right. So sir, this INR5,000 crores kind of a revenue figure seems doable for us in FY '27 in 
your realistic opinion? 
Anmol Jain: 
Well, I mean, we expect a CAGR of anywhere between 15% to 20%. And if I were to do that 
number arithmetically, it should take us to somewhere around INR5,000-odd crores in FY '27. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Right. Secondly, sir, just I'm a bit curious to know that from last quarter's presentation to this 
quarter's presentation, there is a substantial increase in content per vehicle for us, right? I think 
last quarter, we mentioned the PV side, content per vehicle to be around INR55,000, INR60,000. 
And now, it's roughly at INR70,000 to INR75,000. Is it just a function of CNG portfolio adding 
to our portfolio? Or is there anything else to it? 
Ankit Thakral: 
Yes, absolutely correct. So we have added CNG as a part of our product portfolio, which has led 
to increase in the content per vehicle for 4-wheelers. And there is an addition on account of 2-
wheeler also because of the SOPs of basically the 2 main products in Lumax Alps Alpine joint 
venture by name of infotainment vehicle and TPS throttle position sensor. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
But sir, I think initially, we used to guide as a content being INR3,000 per vehicle, right, in the 
passenger vehicle for CNG compounds that we are supplying? But the increase is quite 
substantial to the tune of INR15,000. And in the initial remarks, you point that we could reach 
INR7,000 to INR10,000, maybe in 2 years' time frame. So is it a potential content per vehicle? 
Or is realistically supplied at this point of time? 
Ankit Thakral: 
So absolutely right. So as of now, in P&L, there is a content per vehicle of INR4,000 on account 
of CNG. But going forward in next year, we are seeing that content to increase to somewhere 
closer to INR8,000 to INR10,000 per vehicle. And apart from that, there has been a slight 
increase in content per vehicle of the IAC EV launch as well, which is having a larger content 
per vehicle as compared to the earlier model. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sanket Kelaskar from Ashika Stock Broking. 
Sanket Kelaskar: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. My first question is on EV agnostic products. So how 
are EV agnostic product performing in this quarter? And what are the steps we have been taking 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 14 of 17 
 
to enhance the market penetration? And if you can also give us like what is the percentage of 
our revenue coming on from these EV agnostic products? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So Sanketji, this is Vikas Marwah. Thank you for the question. So of course, the DNA of Lumax 
Auto Technologies is very much EV agnostic and more than 90% of the value contribution 
continues to come from EV agnostic products, and we don't see this trend changing at least over 
the next 24 to 36 months. 
 
What is driving the EV product sustainability, in all the joint ventures like IAC or Lumax 
Mannoh or Lumax Cornaglia or Alps Alpine portfolio are that they do not require currently 
significant change in their application models and only very fine miniaturization. So that is why 
I think these are all very sustainable products. 
Sanket Kelaskar: 
Sir, my second question is like as of 1st Arpil 2025, OBD2 norms would be getting implemented. 
So how are we getting impacted from this norm? And are we expecting any kind of revenue 
increase from with the help of this norm? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So OBD2 for Lumax Auto Technologies is a very welcome implementation. One of our joint 
ventures, which has been finding a challenge on capacity utilization, that is Lumax FAE has now 
got into full-blown SOP with major 2-wheeler manufacturer down south. We went into the SOP 
1.5 months back. We are anticipating almost INR60 crores to INR70 crores increase in our top 
line revenues with the implementation of the secondary oxygen sensor, which now becomes 
mandatory from 1st April 2025. 
 
This will take care for a full year capacity utilization of about 45%, which was earlier hovering 
around 10% because of the non-implementation of OBD2. We are aggressively pursuing the 
second OEM then to fill up the remaining capacity and that’s the reason FY '27  would be the e 
date of the second OEM. So on oxygen sensors, we are very positively impacted with the OBD2 
norm implementation. 
Sanket Kelaskar: 
Okay. So is this also will be going to increase the content per vehicle? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So on 2-wheeler, this will increase the content per vehicle by almost INR800. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, just to sum it up, . So taking into account the way we ended this quarter on the highest 
revenue profile on a quarterly basis and also on the increased margin, what should we expect 
going ahead for the year to end with? And on a consolidated level, sir, what steps are in the 
annual that will match the levels of our EBITDA margins, which we have posted earlier? I think 
so there's a 90 bps point reduction. So these are the 2 questions, sir. 
Anmol Jain: 
So I think the margin reduction was explained earlier by Mr. Ankit Thakral. I think in last year, 
14.7% margins for 9 months FY '25. If you were to compare excluding the Lumax Ancillary and 
the Greenfuel, it stands at about 14.4%. So we are at a similar level of about 14.5% EBITDA 
margins. There has not been really a decrease in the margins if you compare apple-to-apple. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
However, going forward, I think the full year outlook is very clear that we should be looking  –
to similar  a 9-monthFY25  growth, anywhere between 20% to 25%, which should ideally get 
the total consolidated revenues closer to around INR3,500 crores, and we should be able to 
sustain a similar EBITDA margin in quarter 4 as well. 
 
Going forward, as I mentioned, in FY '26, the guidance would be that anywhere between 15% 
to 20% top line growth and the EBITDA margins will surely be more towards 14.5% to 15%.  
Moderator: 
 We have our next question from the line of Hitesh Goel from Riddhish Advisors. Please go 
ahead.  
Hitesh Goel: 
You talked about OBD2 norms increasing content by INR800. What is per vehicle, what is the 
content right now? 
Anmol Jain: 
So 2-wheeler content as of now, it's closer to INR16,000 to INR18,000 per vehicle. So this 
INR800 per vehicle relates to a specific product of oxygen sensors, which we will be going   to 
the joint venture, Lumax FAE. So answering to your question, the OBD2 will give us an 
enhancement of about INR800 to INR1,000 a vehicle.  
Hitesh Goel: 
sir, on basically Bajaj's business, basically, which you have in stand-alone business, it is largely 
leveraged towards exports because exports are reviving for Bajaj in a big way. So I just wanted 
to get a sense that does that help you? 
Anmol Jain: 
Well, we have both. We have a pretty diverse portfolio of the domestic models as well, right, 
from the premium segments of KTM as well as for the boxers & Platinas. However, we also 
have now a sizable presence on the EV models of Chetak. So that is the reason why the growth 
has been consistent  on the metallic frame business. Apart from that, on the plastics and lighting, 
we are spread across both Aurangabad as well as Pune and Pantnagar clusters as well. So it's a 
fairly widespread diverse mix of product for Bajaj. 
Hitesh Goel: 
And any update on Pulsar? You were talking about that you were trying to get into the Pulsar as 
well for Bajaj. Any update there? 
Anmol Jain: 
The discussions are ongoing. We hope to see some traction in FY '26. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Amit Hiranandani from PhillipCapital. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Yes, sir, our largest customer in Lumax Cornaglia is reporting flat to negative growth. So can 
you please help me with the revenue of this entity for 9M? And additionally, if you can help us 
understand whether have we received any compensation from the largest client for rolling back 
to metal fuel tank? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So Lumax Cornaglia, in spite of its anchor customer being down this year in production volumes 
by 5%, still reported about 5% kind of a top line increase. For the full year, we are expecting 
Lumax Cornaglia to report around the same number. However, I think what is going to help 
Lumax Cornaglia is now the new SOPs that are kicking in also for some new customers for 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 16 of 17 
 
which we cannot disclose the details right now because the products have not gone into SOP. It 
will take a couple of months. 
 
The strategy for plastic fuel tank is, meanwhile, undergoing a change at our end due to the 
customer demand not panning out that way and the CAFE-2 norms not getting implemented 
completely in terms of the plastic fuel tanks as a regulatory thing. So the rota molding business 
initiatives are now being taken to the direction of making the rooftops of E3-wheelers for which 
we are going into a major SOP in the next 2 months and also some body cabins. So these are 
three potential applications of the rota molding facilities that we have put up, and we continue 
to wait for the expansion of the plastic fuel tank potential. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Right. Sir, this is the second last question from my side. So, if you can help us understand all the 
emerging subsidiaries, what we have, Alps Alpine and Ituran, etc. If you can give us an outlook 
one by one on the revenues and margin side, please? 
Anmol Jain: 
I think overall, my commentary would be that we've seen a significant growth in the 
Mechatronics vertical. And for the next year onwards, we do expect to almost double our revenue 
within the Mechatronics vertical. All the joint ventures which sit under the Mechatronics are 
expected to report a very handsome growth, although it was of a small base, but we have gained 
significant traction on all of them. 
 
And the margin guidance in pretty much all of them would be similar to the consolidated number 
or slightly better. So they will add not just the top line, but also the margin accretion for the 
consolidated entity. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ganesh Shah from Unified Capital. 
Ganesh Shah: 
So just to continue on Lumax FAE that you're explaining, I read the previous call that you said 
there would be heated sensors that you would be supplying, and this would be about 0.5 million 
in volume, I assume on a full year basis, right? So the INR60 crores, INR70 crores that you're 
talking, is that the kind of revenue that you expect would materialize on a quarterly basis? And 
would that also be a strong growth driver for the doubling in revenues that you expect in the 
coming year? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So Lumax FAE over to secondary sensor application revenue has already started kicking in, and 
we will now be expecting in FY '26, a full year of revenue emerging. We are expecting a INR70 
crores additional top line to Lumax FAE for one full year. As I mentioned, this would still take 
us to a 40% capacity utilization only being a new product and being the first year of SOP. We 
don't want to go in an overdrive mode in the first year of this launch, and we will slow pace it to 
come to the second OEM launch in FY '27 and thereby take up our capacity utilization closer to 
70%. 
Ganesh Shah: 
The last question just from my end, how to understand the order book in ACV numbers, I mean 
the content value numbers that you report, right? So when you say order book, typically, I mean 
you've given the split, I understand 30%, but what is typically the order inflow on a quarterly 
basis? Are these more recurring orders that clients present and sign with you? Or are they one-
off kind of events where there's supply for this model for a year? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
February 14, 2025 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
So I'm just trying to understand how these contracts typically work? And as far as the content 
value in itself is concerned, maybe just a clarification, but is this the potential addressable value 
that you can supply to these vehicles? Or is it what is actually being supplied at the moment? 
Anmol Jain: 
So again, first question on the order book. I'll just add that, see, the order book is an evolving 
number. This is not a onetime order. These are orders which have been given on certain models 
across different product lines, across different entities. So again, these are something which are 
based on constant engagement, constant RFQ process, which is an ongoing process with multiple 
OEMs. 
 
These businesses are awarded based on competitive bidding. But these are recurrent in nature. 
And again, the endeavor should be to get more and more business for new models by increasing 
our wallet share. So that's a constant endeavor. And if you see the order book, as I mentioned 
earlier, was it's sitting at about INR1,350 crores, which is close to 1/3 of the annual revenues of 
the consolidated entity. 
 
The second question you had was on the contribution per vehicle. I would say that it's a mixed 
bag in certain cases, the content per vehicle is actually being addressed by the entities. However, 
in certain cases, it is still an addressable market, which we are hopeful of getting into it over the 
next 2 years. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today due to time constraint. And I 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Anmol Jain: 
Well, I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining into the call today. We will keep the 
investor community posted on a regular basis for updates on your company. I hope we have been 
able to address all your queries. For any further information, please get in touch with us or SGA, 
our Investor Relations advisors. Thank you once again, and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Lumax Auto Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
