 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter ended December 31, 2024.  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on January 
21, 2025, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter ended  
December 31, 2024, is enclosed herewith. The copy of transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website at https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
(Manoj Bhargava) 
Whole-Time Director, 
Group General Counsel & 
Company Secretary  
Membership No:    F5164 
 
Encl: As above. 
MANOJ BHARGAVA
Digitally signed by MANOJ 
BHARGAVA 
Date: 2025.01.24 18:33:59 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q3 FY2025 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: January 21, 2025 at 17:00 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Jitin Diwan – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Strategy Officer 
Mr. Avijit Vikram – Head Investor Relations  
 
 
 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Avijit Vikram, Head of 
Investor Relations. On behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited, 
I welcome you all to the Company's Q3FY25 Earnings Webinar. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Brijesh Agrawal, Whole-
Time Director; Mr. Jitin Diwan, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Prateek Chandra, Chief Strategy Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking 
in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to 
Slide no. 3 of the earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Good evening, everybody and welcome to IndiaMART's 
Q3FY25 earnings webinar. We have circulated our earnings 
presentation, which is available on our website as well as on the 
website of the stock exchanges. We are sure you would have gone 
through the same and we would be happy to take any questions 
afterwards. 
 
IndiaMART has delivered consolidated revenue from operations of 
Rs. 354 crores in Q3, representing a year-on-year growth of 16%. 
Collections from customers grew about 10% to Rs. 363 crores on a 
consolidated basis. Deferred revenue grew by 17% to Rs. 1,492 
crores on consolidated basis. 
 
Unique business enquiries have grown to Rs. 27 million, 
representing a year-on-year growth of about 17%. Total number of 
paying suppliers has declined slightly by Rs. 3.5K to 214K. This 
decrease is primarily attributed to the reduction in gross supplier 
addition during the quarter as we have been increasingly focusing 
on onboarding higher quality businesses as paying supplier. 
Additionally, lesser number of working days due to festive season 
has also contributed to the decline. 
 
The churn rates within the customer base in the silver bucket remain 
largely consistent with the trends observed in the recent quarters.  
 
Our platinum and gold customers, which constitute approximately 
50% of our customer base and 75% of revenue continue to have low 
churn.  

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
We are focusing on enhancing quality and simplifying the platform 
to improve the overall user experience and engagement.  
 
We have further strengthened our leadership by onboarding Mr. 
Saurabh Deep Singla as the new CHRO 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh to update about Busy 
Infotech. Thank you and over to you, Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. Busy has done a net billing of Rs. 
20.4 crores in the quarter, and this represents a Y-o-Y growth of 
about 42%. This billing also includes an impact of approximately 
Rs. 2 crores, which has come in because of a change in the overall 
payout structure for the channel partners. 
 
The revenue from operations have grown by 30% year-on-year basis 
to Rs. 16.3 crores and the deferred revenue has grown by 43% to Rs. 
57.3 crores. The EBITDA for the quarter is at Rs. 1.1 crores with 
margin of 7%. The net profit was Rs. 1.9 crores. The cash flows 
from operations stood at Rs. 4.9 crores. 
 
During this quarter, we have sold an additional 7K new licenses, and 
this takes our total licenses sold to about 388K at the end of 
December '24. 
 
With this, I will hand over the call to Jitin to give an update on the 
financial performance.  
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Thank you, Brijesh. Good evening, everyone. I will take you 
through the financial performance for the quarter ending December 
2024. Consolidated collection from customers was Rs. 363 crores in 
the quarter, representing year-on-year growth of 10%. IndiaMART 
stand-alone collections from customers for the quarter were at Rs. 
341 crores, registering year-on-year growth of 8%. Standalone 
revenue from operations stood at Rs. 337 crores, registering year-
on-year growth of 16%. Our growth in revenue was primarily driven 
by improvement in realisation from paying suppliers. 
 
Consolidated deferred revenue stood at Rs. 1,492 crores, increase of 
about 17% on year-on-yearbasis. EBITDA of IndiaMART 
standalone business stood at about Rs. 144 crores, representing a 
margin of 43%. The margins continue to be elevated on account of 
savings arising from lower subscriber acquisitions and operating 
leverage. As and when customer growth increases in future, we 
anticipate the margins will align with the gradual operating leverage. 
 
Consolidated net profit for the quarter was Rs. 121 crores. 
Consolidated cash generated from operations was Rs. 114 crores. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Consolidated cash and treasury balance stood at Rs. 2,606 crores as 
of 31st December 2024.  
 
During the quarter, we exited one of our investee companies, 
Shipway, as it was fully acquired by Unicommerce, listed on stock 
exchanges. 
 
Thank you very much. We are now ready to take any questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask a question 
to the panellists, kindly raise your hand and allow camera and 
microphone access. Alternatively, you may type your question in 
the chat box and we will revert on it. Please restrict to two questions 
so that we may be able to address questions from all the participants. 
We'll wait for a couple of seconds while the question queue 
assembles. 
 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Abhishek Bhandari from Nomura. 
Hi, Abhishek, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. I just had this question on 
surprise  paying subscriber number, minus 3.7%. Even in the worst 
of the last few quarters, you were at a positive number of around Rs. 
2,000 odd. So, what surprised you negatively? And by when do you 
think we'll again go back to a positive number, if at all? and 
sustaining this collection growth rate in double-digit, is it possible 
sans the net subscriber addition for you? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Abhishek. See, I've been guiding in last two quarters 
that while we are working on improving the churn and for the 
purpose of improving the churn we have taken two, three initiatives. 
One, which you can see is the number of unique enquiries to the 
number of enquiries delivered, that ratio has come down from 5.5% 
to now 4%. Secondly, we are trying to improve the relevancy in 
terms of geographical matchmaking and in terms of the buylead or 
RFQ quality. So those things that we are doing are taking much 
longer than our anticipation. 
 
So, in the meantime, what we are doing is not aggressively investing 
in gross addition rather we are doing segment-by-segment analysis,  
which are the high churn customers for whom the platform is not 
working at all We are trying to identify those segments one by one 
whether it is the Tier 3 or Tier 4 geographies or whether it is some 
of the industries where it is not working and we are trying to restrict 
our investment until we are able to get a very positive hang on churn. 
There's no point trying to get 1,000 or 2,000 customer addition per 
quarter or whether it is 1,000 or 2,000 less. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
If you go to our functional P&L slide, you will see that investment 
in sales and marketing which used to be typically at about 15% odd 
or plus/minus that so that it ranges between 12% to 18%, is at the 
lower side of the range. Now we are at 13% only. So, we are 
consciously not investing and going aggressive to increase the 
supplier base. We know we have supplier base. We are getting 
certain supplier base and secondly, there may be some seasonal 
effect of Dussehra, Diwali, Christmas and New Year. 
 
I think let's wait for a quarter or two when I can give you a really 
good news about the churn and we have all the money and resources 
to go back and press the pedal on new customer acquisition. 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
And my question on whether you can sustain this double-digit 
customer collection growth in the fact that addition has gone 
negative? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Right question, because if we are not doing the gross addition, 
so even if those customers were staying for let's say three months, 
six months, nine months they were adding to the collection. So, if 
the net customer addition is going to be even zero or plus minus then 
whether the collection will remain in the 5% to 10% range or 
whether it will remain in the 10% to 15% range, you are right. I think 
let us not have an expectation of over 10% as of now. If we can 
surprise you, we will come back, but I would not increase my 
expectation beyond 10%. 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Abhishek. Next question is from the line of Nikhil 
Choudhary from Nuvama. Hi, Nikhil, please go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Hello, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on 
collection growth remaining below 10%. Last quarter, we 
highlighted there were some execution challenges, right? And that 
basically impacted your collection growth last time, but still 
collection growth remains below 10%, and you're also guiding less 
than 10%. So, I just wanted to get some colour on what's happening? 
and is the impact of execution challenges continue to remain? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean, last quarter, suddenly, we came down from that 14% odd 
to 4% odd or 5% odd and there were two things, one is that the 
number of customer addition was not happening so, we were slowly 
and slowly coming down in our collection growth, coming from 
20% to 15%, 16% to 14%, 13%. So, I think we would have been 
happier if the last quarter was 12%-odd, but we actually fell down 
to 4%. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
So, there were some execution challenges. I think there is always an 
execution challenge, but by and large, I think the team has done a 
good job with 8%, 9% and mostly, if you see the ARPU growth or 
the collection per customer growth, the team has been able to do a 
decently good job. So, I would not say that the collection is now 
reflecting a bad execution. 1%, 2% plus/minus here and there is 
possible but because we have not been adding customers so there is 
a problem with the collection and that is why I'm saying that let us 
wait for a quarter or two more when we can give you a better colour 
on the churn. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. Second one, just want to understand your thinking behind it. 
So, we have been trying to do or reduce the churn basically during 
the last five to six quarters, right? We have made various initiatives 
including changing the matchmaking, enabling overall easier 
contact between the seller, plugging WhatsApp, which is now 
available on your website, in your app. So just want to understand, 
despite of so much initiative, if we are seeing the elevated churn 
continue to remain a problem, why don't we fundamentally think 
that elevated churn is now maybe a base case and we should focus 
on gross addition rather than cutting our sales and marketing, which 
is impacting our growth further? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean that can only help you in maybe one or two more quarters. 
But after that again it will come back and bite you. So, there's a 
concept of CAC to LTV, the customer acquisition cost that we pay 
and long-term value that we can derive and while it is highly 
profitable for us in the second year, third year, fourth year. For the 
first-year customers if the retention is going to be so low, I think it 
will become a problem in times to come. So, I think it is better that 
we correct our main engine right now and be able to do a better job. 
 
Otherwise, we will get into the pure ARPU growth mode for many, 
many years. I think it will take some time. I am still not pessimistic 
on the India growth story, our Internet growth story or lead gen story 
or any of that. 
 
That is what I suggested, I think last to last quarter in one of the 
question, that let us not question the business model of Google itself 
because if the Google as a business model is a purely advertising, 
lead gen business model for SMEs and for our businesses. I think 
IndiaMART is slightly more refined version of that with a slightly 
lesser TAM. So, I'm still confident that structurally there is a whole 
lot of opportunity available in front of us. We are trying to find that 
blind spot which we can fix doing too many different experiments. 
 
Yes, you are right that it has taken five six quarters, and nothing has 
resulted so far but I think we have done it time and again in the past 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
many years over the last two, three decades. I think we will be able 
to fix this. If we are not able to fix this two, three, four quarters, I 
think we can always go back to the ARPU led growth or customer 
acquisition-led growth at a lower profitability. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. Makes sense. The last one, if I can squeeze in, is on your buyer 
side. So, we have seen a decent improvement in metrics, both on 
LTM active buyer as well as daily unique business enquiry, right? 
Any colour, any initiatives you have taken which is resulting that? 
And just some colour out there. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I think this is function of too many things, whether lesser number 
of suppliers causing lesser irritation to the buyer because at the end 
of the day we sell buyer information to the sellers and multiple 
sellers do call you. So, has that resulted into a significant repeat 
buyer. You can see a little bit of improvement in repeat buyer 
coming at about 55%, highest ever kind. But that's just one quarter. 
 
Some improvement is possibly due to the search engine optimisation 
because the last year, most of the searches were driven from the 
Google desktop and now Google has become mobile-first indexing. 
But I would still say that let's wait for another quarter when this can 
become a sustainable trend because these are the only two quarters 
of good growth. I would still wait for another quarter to say that this 
is a sustainable trend. We are running at almost all-time high unique 
business enquiries per quarter. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Yeah, thanks again and good luck for coming period. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Nikhil. Next question is from the line of Swapnil from 
JM Financials. Hi, Swapnil. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Swapnil: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, I had two questions. The first one 
is, we have been seeing these churn-related issues since the time we 
increased our pricing on the silver category, right, the last year, 
sometime in May and that is when we have been seeing this kind of 
high-churn rates, especially in the silver category and that has 
sustained. 
 
Have we considered going back to previous pricing, trying out 
something different rather than just saying that this is low margin 
growth, and it may not get converted into upsells going ahead but 
just for the time being, just going back to the previous pricing just 
to bring something new to the table. I'm just coming from that 
thought process, if you can just? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah, I think it's a valid suggestion now because while the price 
is same as what we had in 2019-'20 just before the COVID and so 
there was no rationale to even think while the inflation has run up 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
so heavily in these many years that Rs. 500 per month would have 
such an impact. But given that it's been five, six quarters, if another 
two, three quarters, that doesn't change, we will definitely look at 
your suggestion, and I think we internally also keep debating on this. 
 
I'm still hopeful that we should be able to find the real reason of it 
rather than the Rs. 500 reasons because gross addition has slowed 
only in the last three, four quarters, not in the first two, three 
quarters. It was only that one quarter glitch, otherwise the gross 
addition that I see in my own number internally and if you go back 
again to the functional P&L, the sales and marketing for the entire 
year of FY24 it was 18% and then if you look at the quarter-on-
quarter that number, it is slowly and slowly come down. 
 
So, we are meaningfully not really investing heavily on going after 
the market and there are opportunities if we want to acquire 
customers at Rs. 2,000 but at the end of the day, if I'm not able to 
retain the customer and upsell that customer, it will slowly and 
slowly become a deteriorating business. So, give us another two 
quarters. If not, then we will see. 
 
Swapnil: 
Okay, the second question is with respect to your categories which 
are getting impacted in a meaningful way. Now there has been some 
spending-related slowdown on especially government spend not 
increasing in a meaningful way. Are there any specific categories 
that are getting impacted and a part of the problem could be this 
macro challenges rather than just on the churn side. 
 
I am just trying to extrapolate a few things and if that is the thing 
have you started the thought process from a vertical perspective, 
right, focusing on certain categories where opportunities can be big 
even today, despite the kind of penetration could have happened and 
rather focus on those categories far more than those categories 
where chances of incremental supply growth could be lower? Have 
you thought on those lines also? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. So, on the macro side, I continue to say that every quarter 
or so, there are some of the other macro challenges in some of the 
other categories or geographies. So, for example, sometimes there 
is a ban on single-use plastics. I mean plastic is a huge 
industry,packaging is a huge industry but it evolves into something 
newer like green products and all that. 
 
Sometimes, I mean there's a construction ban, past two, three 
months have been bad for delhi NCR. So I think there are always 
small, small segments of macro negatives whether it is state-wise or 
whether it is industry-wise. The good part about IndiaMART or any 
large horizontal diversified business like IndiaMART is that while 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
there are always 1% or 2% headwinds, there are some tailwinds also 
available in some of the other sectors. 
 
Coming to your second question, yes, I think it is very imperative 
for us that we should start thinking about our business also now as 
verticals within horizontal and be able to cultivate certain verticals 
much more speedily or much more profitably. We have done that in 
the past. I remember apparel and handicraft used to be the first few 
verticals when we were doing export-related business. When we 
came to domestic business, I think the engineering goods was one 
of the very, very important business. 
 
As the advent of e-commerce happened, packaging material became 
very, very big. Similarly, now pharmaceutical and health care 
became very, very big. So, I think there are at least top 10 industries 
where we can choose to go double down on vertical-wise and find 
growth. We are working on that. As I said, we have started to invest 
a lot more on category-specific insights than a couple of years ago 
and I think we will come back with more solid options on that soon. 
 
Swapnil: 
Okay. Just to get that point a bit more, have you started hiring a 
specific vertical focused employees and who can better extract value 
for you within certain categories? I mean, is that the thought 
process? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, it is the thought process. We will start to hire a couple of 
industry-specific people to focus on that vertical. Currently, we have 
in-house category management people, and we have a large team 
working on that. But you are right, now we should be looking more 
at industry insider experts. 
 
Swapnil: 
Got it. So those are the questions. Thanks a lot for taking. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Swapnil. Next question is from the line of Anmol Garg 
from DAM Capital. Hi, Anmol. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. A couple of things from my end. 
Firstly, if you can indicate that are we planning to change anything 
in our customer acquisition strategy and what do you think is not 
working? Is it the channel partners or the customer acquisitions 
through our own employees, if you can share a bit of light on that? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Equally, I think, in the beginning of the last year, we first cut 
down on our tele-based Tier 4 centres so, I think that was the first 
thing that we did in January, December last year, I mean, 2023 and 
January 2024 aAnd then wherever we operate field sales force, I 
think we started to look at the cost of customer acquisition very 
closely and we found that there were certain geographies as well as 
the certain places. I can give you an example, if you go to Surat and 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
you want to buy an IndiaMART subscription, you will not be able 
to buy it in the monthly mode because it was found that apparel 
while it is one of the large industry, it has that look and feel and high 
churn in nature. 
 
Similarly, Jaipur as a handicraft place has very similar nature. So, 
we have taken individual steps to reduce the investment and where 
it was getting wasted completely while focusing on categories or 
focusing on segment of suppliers which are better useful. So, for 
example, we're trying to find how can we create a specific channel 
which can work on maybe Rs. 1.5 crore plus turnover company 
because that is where we see a better retention than less than Rs. 40 
Lakhs turnover. Or less than six months or less than one year of GST 
registration because a lot of these new businesses who get registered 
and want to try internet for their own growth, their natural churn is 
unnecessary high, which end up creating a bad mouth for us also. 
 
But those execution challenges kept apart, I would say if I can fix 
the basic matchmaking and the basic buyer/supplier thing where 
buyer starts to increase systematically again and thereby impacting 
even better retention for our gold and platinum customers then I 
think the silver will automatically fall in place. So, we tried fixing 
silver training and onboarding and those things, which are anyway 
we should be doing and I think Dinesh Gulati and his team is doing 
a fantastic job on that side. 
 
But there are certain blind spots that must be there in the product 
that we are not able to find because I'm fully convinced about the 
overall opportunity size. The overall opportunity is massive. 
Customers want to give you money and we need to fix the large 
multi-geography, multi-industry engine. I think we should be able 
to fix that. Give us one or two more quarters on that. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Right. Just on the continuation of the same, are we also planning 
somewhere to change the payout structures for our channel partners 
or for our sales employees who are bringing in more quality-based 
customers to us where the churn might be lower for those particular 
customers? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We keep doing these minor changes on the incentive policies and 
as I said where we have to promote annual acquisition, we 
incentivise annual acquisition, wherever we have to promote any 
particular segment, so we do incentivise. For dis-incentivisation 
purpose, we have a control in our own hand where we do not assign 
those leads. So, a lot of these things we can do centrally as well for 
the purpose of incentivisation, we do, and we continue to tweak 
them day in day out. So don't worry on that side, we will do enough 
experiments. I think let us first fix the basic nature of churn and then 
come back on that again. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Secondly, I wanted to understand if we intend to acquire majority 
stake in any of the investee companies.  The basis of this question is 
just wanted to understand if we are also looking to enter full-fledged 
into any of the newer businesses which we have acquired or in 
associate manner? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, if you look at the accounting as a segment. We started Live 
keeping with 51%, currently we have 66% and i think as per our 
agreement we will end up doing 100% acquisition of that. On 
Vyapar also, we started from 26% and right now we are about 29%. 
Busy we have already taken 100%. So, on the accounting side we 
are fully committed and in the first three years of Busy we have been 
able to increase the growth rate as well as retain every customer, 
nothing has gone wrong on that side. So, I think this side is well 
sorted. 
 
Now coming to the second side, which has the minority investments 
into various things, couple of companies, I think we increased our 
stake. Prateek, can you give more details on that? 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Yeah, sure. So, all these investments have been done in the spaces 
which are strategic for us because our going-in thesis is that we 
should be able to get some kind of synergies, either in the near term 
or in the longer term, while making the investments. So, if you see, 
for example, Bizom, when we started, we started with 10% stake, 
now we own roughly around 31.3% stake here. 
 
Similarly, in SuperProcure, we started with roughly around 26%, 
now we have a 35% stake here. EasyEcom is another one, which we 
started with 26%. We've put in some other cash in the convertible 
position. So, we'll come to know as to what the stake would be. But 
there are follow-ons that we have done in our investee companies 
wherever the opportunity has arisen. 
 
So, to answer your question, we are okay increasing our stakes in 
the investee companies, because these are the strategic spaces. 
However, whether to take majority, we are very patient investor and 
we'll wait for the right opportunity to decide as to whether we need 
to take majority or we don't need to take majority. But as and when 
the opportunity comes, we will continue backing these companies 
in the further rounds. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. And just one last thing from my end. Are we 
somewhere planning to enter into the e-commerce, B2B commerce 
business as well? And are we seeing any kind of competition from 
that particular set of companies right now? 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We are already into B2B commerce. If you look at 
Industrybuying and ProcMart. Industrybuying and ProcMart, both 
of them are purely what in the normal media parlance, B2B 
commerce iscalled. ProcMart is more like a wholesale B2B 
commerce and Industrybuying is more like SME or corporate MRO 
kind of B2B commerce. So, we have invested in both. However, if 
we look at the profitability of any of them it looks quite elusive as 
of now. So, while we have been investing on B2B commerce since 
2014 from 2014 to 2017, we were invested in Tolexo and then again 
in 2021 or so, we invested in Industrybuying and between 2016 and 
2020, we invested in ProcMart and ProcMart has done handsomely 
well. 
 
So, we continue to look for any of these and anything which is good 
enough and has a better unit economics, we would be looking at. 
Nothing to say any competition has come back and hurt any of our 
customers or any of our people. So, I think, in fact, whatever noise 
was there, was there between 2021 and 2022, is no longer even 
there. So, none of the competition. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. Thank you so much. These were my questions. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So, we have a question from the chat box. The question is from Mr. 
Yasser Lakdawala. Considering the fact that we generate operating 
cash flows of Rs. 500 crores plus, and that we have a robust balance 
sheet, what are your thoughts on buying back stock? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I think this financial year around August, September, we had 
returned about Rs. 120 crores back to the shareholders and we have 
also done about Rs. 84 crores of strategic investment in these nine 
months and if you look at the historical numbers, we have been able 
to return either money to the shareholders or doing a strategic 
investment. So as the time will come and as the Board will decide, 
we try to do it once in a year, not multiple times in a year. So, after 
the financial year ends, whenever the Board meeting happens before 
the AGM, we will decide how much to distribute back to the 
shareholders or how much to invest in this strategic investment. 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC 
Securities. Hi, Amit. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Hi, and thanks for the opportunity. So, in terms of the divergent 
trend we are seeing, in terms of the pressure that we're seeing on the 
paid suppliers and increasing the ARPU. In very simple terms I am 
trying to understand. That suggest that the lower end of the pyramid 
is not able to derive value from the platform, whereas the higher end 
or the top paying suppliers are able to derive much better value from 
the platform and the ARPUs increasing is suggesting that and also, 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
people are moving from lower plan to higher plan. So, what explains 
this divergence? And is it going to continue in this manner for a 
while? Obviously, you have explained it in like different form but 
just from the relevance of the platform for the lower end, is it you 
need some kind of more innovation there? Or the platform, in terms 
of offerings has to be reconsidered in terms of what we’re offering 
for the lower end? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. Thank you very much. I think a very important question. 
So, there are three, four kinds of suppliers that use IndiaMART. One 
who are very highly native digital savvy kind of customers and they 
are able to find value because they are investing not only money but 
they are also investing enough time on the IndiaMART app or on 
the IndiaMART seller panel. They are digitally more savvy and 
giving lot of time. 
 
The second kind of customers are those who themselves have not 
found their own business model or have started a new business or 
recently trying to scale, because I have seen a lot of our customers 
come from less than one year GST registration who have recently 
got their GST number registered. 
 
And the third ones are those who have understood the value initially 
being digitally savvy and they have invested one or two persons who 
properly deal with IndiaMART leads and IndiaMART system and 
are able to do a daily, weekly monitoring of those people. So, these 
are the people who invest higher. 
 
And the fourth kind of customers are those who are newer, which is 
a large market, large off-line market looking for an easy digital 
option. While at IndiaMART, we started as a very smaller simple 
system but over the time, I think we have gone more sophisticated 
or complex for that new genuine customer who is one to five years 
in business or one to 50 years in business, has good offline business, 
and trying to go digital, but is not digitally savvy. For him, I think it 
is difficult, and we have to make it easier and more full proof for 
him to be able to succeed. I think that is where the bigger 
opportunity is and if we are able to handle these two separately. 
Gold and platinum bring you a lot of spillover effect, because they 
are the ambassadors that in every market, in every mohalla few of 
those guys make a lot of money through IndiaMART and their word 
of mouth actually spreads down, which helps us acquire a lot of 
these newer customers. So, I think the middle fat is that we have to 
fix, and we are working on that. Let us not assume that we will not 
be able to fix that. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. Lastly, on the collections. Obviously, we had the collections 
better than what we had last quarter, but considering 4Q is the more 
important quarter for us in terms of collections. sSo how is the 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
progress for 4Q, because if I take at least 10% Y-o-Y growth also 
for 4Q, then also we are hitting say 9% to 10% growth for the full 
year. So, the full-year collections growth is still muted because of 
what happened in the first half. So, the ask rate for that is still high 
for the fourth quarter. So, what you would like to suggest what is 
happening till now? And what kind of collections we can see for the 
fourth quarter? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: If you go to the net customer addition slide, I think customer 
growth has been slower for almost six seven quarters now and that 
is resulting into slower collection growth. Until unless we are able 
to fix that, i don't think we should expect anything miraculous, so 
whether it remains 8%, 10%, 12%, I would say, any of that is maybe 
hard work or extra work that we might do but we have to fix the 
churn and then we have to start acquiring customers so that we can 
naturally start to grow collection and thereby revenue. So, I would 
say please wait for another quarter or two. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
So, let's put it simply. So, collections of Rs. 500 crores or more in 
fourth quarter requires some fix? Or is it achievable at the current 
status? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I can't comment on any specific numbers or the futuristic 
numbers. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So, we have another question from the chat box. The question is 
from Mr. Manish Gupta. What percentage of business enquiries are 
delivered to free suppliers. Any thoughts on whether we can charge 
small amounts to free suppliers who have stayed on the platform or 
more broadly, are there any other levers of monetisation of supplier 
base? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So less than 20% of our total enquiries are delivered to the free 
supplier and that is only in the absence of the paid supplier of that 
particular category or city, what buyer is looking for is not available. 
So, if I, as a buyer come to the platform, and I'm looking for a 
product from a specific geography and if IndiaMART does not have 
a paying customer, the buyer doesn't care whether IndiaMART as a 
platform makes money or not, they want to get their search fulfilled. 
So, from the buyer side, IndiaMART is 100% free just like you go 
to Google, and you expect Google to give you all the answers 
whether or not Google makes money from that category or from that 
geography.  
In the same manner, it is for IndiaMART. Now coming to the 
monetisation of those free suppliers or suppliers in a free manner, if 
you go and see it on the IndiaMART, there are individual RFQs or 
buyleads that supplier can purchase, which are available for 299 and 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
upwards for each individual lead and if I remember correctly that 
generates about Rs. 4 crores a year coming into collections and not 
only that, it also generates a good number of hot leads for those 
suppliers to get converted into regular paying suppliers. Their 
conversion rates are also much higher than the hot leads of the 
suppliers who come and add products versus the ones who go and 
try and purchase an RFQ or purchase a buylead. So, we continue to 
do that. Any more ideas or any more suggestions, I think we are 
always open to that but currently, the major problem that we are 
trying to fix is the fat middle, where we should be holding on to the 
customer, customer is willing to invest money, it is not a new 
business so, where all the check boxes are right checkboxes. The 
customer is willing, it's only that the customer doesn't have enough 
time to be able to play fastest finger first. So, I think there we need 
to fix. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Hi, 
Rahul, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand that what 
are the initiatives we are undertaking to ensure that our ARPU 
improvement trend continues to trend faster than the usual pace so 
that we could mitigate the medium-term challenges on the 
subscriber adds and in which ways the subscriber adds during a year 
one contributes very small portion of the total incremental revenue. 
So is it possible to mitigate that by ensuring much better outcome 
from digitally savvy supplier base that we have to get to the aspired 
growth range. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Ever since about two years ago now, we started selling platinum 
customer base by way of differential pricing of the category and city. 
I think we have seen a systematic increase in the ARPUs. Currently, 
about 4% or 4,000 of these categories command about 50% 
premium to the regular customers and as and when older customers 
are coming up for renewal and as the newer customers are being 
signed up, that is what is driving the ARPU if you see. So, I think 
systematically for many quarters in the coming months, I think the 
top 10% ARPU would continue to grow rapidly and that top 10% is 
now accounting for almost 50% of the revenue, 49% to be precise. 
So, I think 50% of the revenue has been growing rapidly over the 
last six, eight quarters and will continue to grow rapidly over the 
next six, eight quarters. 
 
On the overall side, I think the ARPU is 13%, 14% growth. But the 
top 10% ARPU has been growing consistently, which is the 50% of 
the size, I think I'm pretty confident that if we can solve the churn 
issue and the customer growth issue over the next two, three 
quarters, I think we will be able to stay clear of any negative growth. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Last four, five quarters, essentially, the ARPU growth has been 
in double-digits. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean there's also denominator factor but in general, the top 
10% of the customer side, that denominator factor is not there and 
in the overall ARPU, the denominator factor plays a lot larger role 
because of those 3,000 customers but on the top of the end, top 10% 
customers are only 21,000 or 22,000 customers so, the denominator 
factor is not there, the top 10% is sacrosanct. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Yeah, Dineshji, just a slight clarification, in the last part of your 
response. So, you're saying if we continue on this path, we can 
mitigate the situation of a weak revenue performance and there was 
another comment which you made earlier that for time being 10% 
benchmark for collection growth is a good number to look at. So, 
can you just clarify on these two parts? Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah, given the customer growth being either 0% or 1% or 2%, 
I think all of the growth has to come from ARPU only and on the 
ARPU side, historically, you see 6% CAGR, recently if you see 14% 
CAGR, I don't think the 14% is a good enough ask because what 
you are seeing in the ARPU growth is what collection growth we 
had in the past because the collections flow into the deferred revenue 
and then it flows into revenue. 
 
So now if the collection growth is about 8% in this particular quarter 
and the supplier growth is 1%. So effectively, the ARPU growth, I 
mean, the average collection per customer growth is only 6%. So, I 
would say that 5% to 10% collection growth per customer 
expectation is a reasonable expectation, and rest has to be built up 
from the customer growth only. Hope that explains? 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Yeah, right. Only one part, which we missed is that, are we doing 
anything new, of course, you said you've been doing a lot of things 
there but is there anything newer initiative that we have taken, given 
that digital adoption in general is much better so, are we seeing that 
behaviour? Or are we trying to do far better keyword monetisation 
or something like that? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah, I mean one small thing that I can tell, if it is not too 
complex for the broader audience. See, around 2018, 2019, 2021, 
2022, we were assuming that the buyer is not very savvy on digital 
and the mobile was a new device that the buyers have gotten and our 
own category-by-category specification definition was also building 
up and our own understanding that where quantity is important, 
quantity is not important, which categories and we were more like a 
very horizontal platform. During the COVID, we learned a few 
things about categories. Now I think two things have happened. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 21, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
One, the buyers or the visitors of the IndiaMART in general are not 
that novice, they at least know how to operate and how to select 
options in terms of what is it that they are looking for. So, while we 
had made a lower intent buying much more easier because earlier, 
we were saying that let us capture the intent of the buyer and we will 
be able to do the qualification or the seller will be able to do 
qualification. I think the over last 90 days or so, I think we have 
gone back to the drawing board and said, that why not do the 
multiple intent confirmation on the mobile website itself or the 
mobile app itself and I was happy enough to see that 90% buyers 
actually completed those journeys and 90% of those completed 
accurately, which was not the case two years earlier. So, I think the 
lead quality that the suppliers would see would also increase 
significantly over the next quarter or so. So, this is the new thing 
that we have found a gap or as an opportunity that we have fixed. 
Hopefully, that should be able to fix this apart from the competition 
that we have fixed. So, these are the two, three things that we are 
working on and this is the third thing that we have found in the last 
90 days. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, that is quite helpful. Thank you so much. That is it from my 
side. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rahul. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That was the 
last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Dinesh Agrawal for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our Q3FY25 
conference call and thanks for being so patient. We have tried to 
address all your queries in the time available but if you still have any 
questions, please feel free to connect with our Investors Relations 
team and they will be more than happy to answer you offline. Thank 
you very much. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Thanks everyone. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of IndiaMART, we now conclude 
this webinar. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
