 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
D. B. Corp Limited CIN: L22210GJ1995PLC047208 Website: www.dbcorpltd.com E-mail: dbcs@dbcorp.in 
Registered Office: Plot No. 280, Sarkhej-Gandhinagar Highway, Near YMCA Club, Makarba, Ahmedabad - 380 051, Gujarat, Tel.: 079 4908 8809 
Head Office: Dwarka Sadan, 6, Press Complex, M.P. Nagar, Zone I, Bhopal - 462 011, Madhya Pradesh, Tel.: 0755 4730 000 
Corporate Office: 501, 5th Floor, Naman Corporate Link, Opp. Dena Bank, C-31, G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra, Tel.: 022 7157 7000 
 
 
January 22, 2025 
 
 
The Manager (Listing - CRD)
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001.                                      
Scrip Code: 533151 
 
ISIN: INE950I01011 
The Manager (Listing Department) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051.                             
SYMBOL:  DBCORP 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, January 16, 2025 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
             
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated January 10, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
we hereby submit the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, January 16, 2025 at 4:30 PM (IST) 
on the Company’s financial performance for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The same has been uploaded on the Company’s website within the stipulated timelines at 
https://www.dbcorpltd.com/financial-results.php. 
 
The link to access the said transcript is: 
https://dbcorpltd.com/img/DB_Corp_Q3_FY25_Conference_Call_Transcript.pdf  
 
Request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
For D. B. Corp Limited 
 
 
Om Prakash Pandey 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F7555 
 
Encl.: as above 
OM 
PRAKASH 
PANDEY
Digitally signed by OM PRAKASH PANDEY 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=6169, 
pseudonym=KJRN0camRWJM4oRrErfe6WoyZR
T3fQNC, 
2.5.4.20=c307a34cd872e86a524bf95912b60c8
501f569d50722b06d046715499dd27fe8, 
postalCode=452016, st=Madhya Pradesh, 
serialNumber=d746008d19f74f5d166504fd54
8c082bdf74fad2970b9b2c3167b0f5d406abb1, 
cn=OM PRAKASH PANDEY 
Date: 2025.01.22 16:13:19 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“DB Corp Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 16, 2025 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to DB Corp Limited Q3 and 9MFY25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded.  
 
We have with us today the senior management team of DB Corp Limited, Mr. Pawan 
Agarwal - Deputy Managing Director; Mr. Girish Agarwal -  Non-Executive Director; Mr. 
Lalit Jain - Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Mushtaq Ali - Senior Vice President (Finance and 
Accounts); and Mr. Prasoon Kumar Pandey - Head, Investor and Media Relations, who will 
represent DB Corp Limited on the call. 
 
The management will be sharing the key operations and financial highlights for the quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2024, followed by a question-and-answer session. 
Please note that some of the statements made in today's discussion may be forward-looking 
in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Documents relating to the company's 
financial performance have already been emailed to you and are available on the website of 
the Stock Exchange and company's Investor section. Trust, you have been able to go 
through the same. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pawan Agarwal. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the Q3FY2025 DB Corp's earnings 
conference call. We will begin the call by highlighting the key financial performance for 
the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024, followed by key operational 

 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
updates. At the outset, we are very pleased to inform that despite high base of last year due 
to the election revenue, we have recorded our highest-ever-nine-month performance this 
year in terms of both revenue as well as profits. 
 
For nine months FY2025, we saw total revenue growth of 1% to INR 18,544 million 
compared to INR 18,403 million in the previous year. Our advertising revenue stood at INR 
13,058 million and the circulation revenue stood at INR 3,562 million. I'm pleased to report 
that the growth momentum at EBITDA level continued and grew by 4%, reaching INR 
5,252 million, up from INR 5,066 million. 
 
This growth was driven by effective cost control measures alongside the benefits of a softer 
newsprint prices. Our net profit also saw an increase of 5%, standing at INR 3,187 million 
compared to INR 3,030 million last year. Radio business led radio industry growth with 9% 
Y-o-Y growth to INR 1,287 million against INR 1,181 million in the last year and EBITDA 
growth of 11% Y-o-Y to INR 451 million. 
 
Now coming to Q3FY2025 results, the total revenue was recorded at INR 6,556 million as 
against INR 6,648 million in Q3 FY2024 on an election-filled high base of last year. 
Advertising revenues stood at INR 4,767 million, reflecting the same trend. 
 
Circulation revenue stands at INR 1,195 million. Our EBITDA for the quarter was INR 
1,902 million as against INR 2,031 million in the last year. EBITDA margin remained firm 
at impressive 29%. The net profit for the quarter was INR 1,182 million compared to INR 
1,240 million last year. 
 
In the Radio segment, we registered growth with advertising revenue, up 6% Y-o-Y to INR 
492 million compared to INR 464 million. EBITDA in this segment grew by 2% Y-o-Y to 
INR187 million from INR 183 million. With regards to our Digital business, we continued 
to focus on the growth strategy and we are very happy to share that our MAUs stand at 
around 19 million as of 2024 October making Dainik Bhaskar a clear digital news leader 
with the #1 Hindi and Gujarati news apps. Our focus markets have now increased to 14 
states, including Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand for our digital mobile app market outreach. 
With this, I would now request Mr. Girish Agarwal to update us on the operations. Girish 
Ji, over to you. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Thank you, Pawan. Good evening, everybody, and thank you for joining us. I would like to 
begin with re-emphasizing the fact that our highest-ever-nine- months performance, which 
we delivered in this nine months has been on the high base of last year. As you all know, 
last year was election and last year nine months had the impact of the advertising revenue 
also, in spite of that, we maintained the number. 

 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
Over the last 2 years YTD December, which is nine months again from FY 23 to FY 25. 
We have seen a robust 39% CAGR growth in our EBITDA, and that has been assisted by 
continued soft newsprint prices as well as the efficient cost control mechanism deployed by 
the company. And going forward, we are a firm believer that the newsprint prices should 
stable on the same number, at least for the quarter 4. And depending on the dollar behavior 
in the quarter 1 and the quarter 2 also, we should come to know the number on that. 
 
Further, if we exclude the election results ad benefit that accrued last year, Q 3 FY25  
registered a healthy growth year-on-year in ad revenue, EBITDA and PAT. Our ability to 
attract a diverse portfolio of advertisers across sectors such as automobile, real estate, 
education, retail, jewellery, etc, has been a critical factor in maintaining this momentum and 
the results speaks volume about our resilience and leadership position. 
 
As you must be aware, Dainik Bhaskar Group has now reached a remarkable milestone of 
14 crores readers spanning print, digital, WhatsApp channel, social media platforms, and 
we are celebrating this in a big way. This around 10% Indian population size entrust us with 
additional responsibility for a responsible, unbiased and credible journalism for which we 
are totally committed. 
 
Lastly, as we reflect on our growth journey, the achievements what we have made and the 
strength of our strategy, it's clear that we are firmly positioned as a leader in India's 
dynamic media landscape. We remain committed to delivering value to our stakeholders. 
With that, we would now open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you, and over to 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Rakesh from Nine Rivers 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Rakesh: 
Sir, first of all, congratulations for a great performance comparing to the last quarter, we 
had elections in the key markets like Rajasthan as well as MP. Sir, I just wanted to 
understand what is the growth that we have seen from other businesses. In fact, for 
example, on average, 30%, we get a revenue share from the election. So, what is the growth 
on the non-election piece in this quarter? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, if you really take the government billing out, which was an election impact, I think in 
this quarter, we are at a mid-single-digit growth. And the categories like education, 
automobile, real estate, jewellery, they all have contributed in that. And if I look at the nine 
months number without the election impact, then we are in the almost double-digit growth. 
Rakesh: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, last, if I talk about Q4, which is last year, Q4 '24, that time also 
because central elections were about to start, the campaign had started. So, in Q4 also, there 

 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
will be some impact of growth from the advertising from the government. So, what is your 
thinking on the guidance on the H2'25 number? Was it flat growth because last year we had 
a jump because the advertising from the due to central election. So, do you believe Q4 '25 
also will be flat like last year? 
Girish Agarwal: 
It could be something like that, but we are trying our best because this Q4 since the 
education category is now normalized. So, we believe that we should be able to pull up the 
numbers for Q4. But keeping fingers crossed. 
Rakesh: 
With respect to other expenses, this last quarter, you mentioned a increase in the other 
expenses due to the campaigning in the new markets like UP or other markets. 
Campaigning expenses with respect to the Digital business. So, what is the reason for hike 
in this quarter also for the hike? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Same, the expenses which you see on the higher side in the operational -- other operational 
cost is all because of Digital, which we are expanding in the market of UP and Uttarakhand 
and also pushing it in other states. 
Rakesh: 
And sir, when do you think this will normalize or it will go further in the coming quarters? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, it should go in the further more in the coming quarters also. 
Rakesh: 
Okay. Okay. Great. And sir, with respect to the capital allocation part, from the last 2 
quarters, every quarter, we are giving a good chunk of dividend because we are generating 
huge amount of cash flows, and we do not require cash in the business. This quarter, lack of 
dividend or no dividend. Any reason for that? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir, if you see the 9 months, the company has done a 67% payout for the dividend. And I 
think Board will certainly take a right call on this going forward also. 
Rakesh: 
Okay. But we are not looking for any acquisition. So, we are keeping the cash. It is cash, 
maybe not in this quarter in the coming quarters, but that cash will be distributed in the 
form of dividends. Is that understanding correct? 
Girish Agarwal: 
I can only tell you that company is not looking for any acquisition. 
Rakesh: 
Okay, one last question from my side on the digital part. I know you have remained 
cautious with respect to talking about digitalization in great detail. But when we look at 
other players in the digital space, they are struggling with respect to the profitability from 
the last few years. Just wanted to understand the thought process behind this business, 
where do you want to see this business in the coming 2 - 3 years, it’s something with 
respect to qualitative work, you can talk, that will be very helpful. 

 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir on digital, as you know, we have reached the 19 million monthly active users and they 
are spending almost 10 - 11 minutes with us. We are putting all our efforts to grow these 
numbers and the time also. And so far, whatever efforts we have done, we have got the 
right results out of it. So, we're very confident that we are on the right track, and we shall 
keep you updated as and when we have something more to inform you. 
Rakesh: 
So, when we look at the other players which are not listed, they are making big losses. So, 
are we also making big losses in that business or the losses are reasonable? 
Girish Agarwal: 
But you can see our EBITDA number, and then you can make it out from that, are we 
making big losses. For example, the 9-month EBITDA is at INR525 crores on a higher 
base. So, you can be rest assured that we are making very prudent business move. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from BugleRock PMS. Please go 
ahead.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
My first question was, can you give a breakup of circulation revenue in terms of volume 
and realization and how it has changed in last 9 months versus previous year 9 months? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir our average cover price stays at INR4.89 as it is. We certainly have lost some copies -- 
some few percentage copies in this quarter or in 9 months also. And that's the reason the 
overall circulation revenue is almost there, like 1% decline actually on the circulation. If 
you remember last time I mentioned to you that we are now gearing up for ensuring that we 
get the circulation back. I'm happy to announce that on the 3rd of January, company has 
announced a huge readers scheme for motivating the readers to come and join us, those who 
have left or those who are still sitting on the fringe. 
 
The scheme is around INR14 crores worth prizes for our readers and there's assured gift and 
multiple things happening there. We are doing a lot of exercise on this scheme, and using 
this as a chance to connect again with the readers. Almost 1,000 people are deployed on a 
door-to-door survey across country. Those who are going and convincing people, meeting 
them about the circulation. So, as we promised you that this year, we'll be putting all 
possible efforts on the circulation growth. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And secondly, this whatever fall in volumes, is it across the regions or it is in certain micro 
markets or some pockets of regions which where we are seeing this happening and is there 
an impact of competition also, which is yielding to this, or it is some causes? 
Girish Agarwal: 
I can't say I'm happy but at least I should inform you that we are gaining market share 
everywhere, which means the competition is losing much more than whatever we have lost. 
The problem what we are facing since you mentioned, I must inform you is that in these 
smaller markets, we are finding difficult now for the distribution boys. 

 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
 
Because what happened if somebody, for example, in outskirts of Jaipur earlier, a boy 
would get up at 4 in the morning and deliver those 30 copies to slightly outskirt areas of 
Jaipur, but now to get that manpower at the price of that, what we are offering -- the vendor 
is offering to sub vendor is becoming a challenge. So, I think we are trying to sort that out 
that how can we get the distribution boys also motivated to stay in the business and deliver 
more. So, I think we are working on, and you will see some positive results this year for 
sure. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
See, the last quarter also, I had, I think, for Q1 because this we had stated even in our 
annual report that we are working on these steps to improve circulation. So, what measures 
have you taken till date or, let's say, in the first 6 - 7 months of the year? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, what we did in the first 6 - 7  months?, meeting up the vendors, giving the local scheme 
to the vendors and all that, but that somehow didn't work too much. So, there's the reason 
when after talking to all the vendors, we decided that it has to be now going to the 
consumer directly, going to do the door-to-door survey once again, giving them something 
to -- for creating excitement in the industry. So, this whole scheme of INR14 crores prizes 
has been rolled out after the months and months of understanding, taking the feedback from 
the market. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And one thing, the we have seen pretty low newsprint costs, okay? And low realization 
changes what we expect in next going few months, okay? Whenever the cycle of newsprint 
prices reverses, and we need to start raising the prices. Can it lead to again fall in 
circulation copies? Or how are we thinking about it?  
Girish Agarwal: 
So, we are at INR 4.89. We don't want to unnecessarily burden our readers by passing on 
any kind of newsprint prices, if at all, because of dollar something going forward happens. 
We are clear on that. We don't want to pass it on to them. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohammed Patel from Care Portfolio Managers 
Private Limited. 
Mohammed Patel: 
What was the base of election in Q4, FY '24 last year? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir, as you know, we don't disclose this specific number category wise. But as I mentioned 
to you, if I take out the election revenue of last year, Q3 and even Q4, we would be in the 
mid-single-digit growth. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Our MAU has fallen from 19.6 to 18.9 August versus October. So, what is the trend now? 
And how should we think of this MAU growth going forward? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes. See, in Digital, some percentage going here and there is a monthly flavour because in 

 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
some months because of something -- some local story happening, the number goes up and 
down. But most important is the time spent, and the number is steady. So, I think our target 
is certainly much, much higher. But these 19 million numbers should grow in every quarter. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Can you share the mix of real estate of FMCG, jewellery, auto, etcetera, for Q3 versus last 
year? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, I can. You want Q3 or I can give you 9 months? 
Mohammed Patel: 
Q3 would be fine. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Okay. So, the Q3 number that you look at, we have grown by almost 8% in automobile, 
15% in real estate, 13% in jewellery. Lifestyle took a beating of almost 20%. Government 
took a huge beating. FMCG took a 8% beating. Hospitals, health care grew by almost 8%. 
Construction building materials took a beating of almost  those are very smaller base to are 
beating almost 40%, but a very smaller base. Yes. Entertainment & Cinema, I'm surprised 
56% decline. It seems nobody is going to watch movies in Bollywood or what. So yes, 
these are the numbers, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshi Rakesh from Oneup Financial 
Consultants. Please go ahead. Ms. Devanshi, I would request you to unmute your line and 
speak, please. Due to no response from the current participant, we will move on to the next 
participant. The next question is from the line of Akash, who is an Individual Investor. 
Akash: 
So, I wanted to ask can you give the sector-wise contribution to the revenue? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sorry, what exactly you're asking for, sir? Can you repeat it again for me? Mr. Akash I am 
not able to hear you clearly. 
Akash: 
Okay, sir. So, I was asking that can you give me the contribution in the revenue sector-
wise? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, for 9 months, if I can give you because I just gave a 3-month number out to earlier 
question, I can give you 9 months. So, in 9 months, government has certainly gone down 
drastically, but education has shown a growth of 5%. Automobile has shown a growth of 
26% in 9 months. Real estate has shown a growth of 22% in 9 months, jewellery 11% 
growth, FMCG flat, hospitals and all around 7% growth. Lifestyle has taken a decline of 
around 18%. And entertainment and Bollywood 9 months, 47% decline. 
Akash: 
Okay, sir. And what is the ad yield, change in ad yield percentage Y-o-Y and maybe 
compared to the pre-COVID level? 

 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir pre-COVID level and this comparison, I don't have a readily with me. But if I say Y-o-
Y over last year, this year, there is no change. The number is almost same in terms of years. 
Akash: 
And as you said, in the print circulation copies, you have said the last quarter, it was around 
39 lakh? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Same to 39.42 right now. 
Akash: 
Okay, sir. And my last question is regarding the newsprint mix. 
Girish Agarwal: 
26% of our newsprint is imported, sir, and 74% is Indian. And the average price for India 
and imported put together is in the range of around 47,800. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Saini, an Individual Investor. 
Mohit Saini: 
The GDP forecast for FY25 is around 6.4%. So, do you see any decline in advertisements 
from auto, jewellery, real estate, going forward? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, GDP for what happened in this quarter was 6.4%. That was certainly a downer. We are 
hoping that this should improve going forward. As the government of India is saying that 
the numbers will improve in this quarter and going forward. So, I'm trusting them, and I'm 
very hopeful that numbers will go up, because the overall GDP number goes down, then all 
of us are in a bad shape. 
Mohit Saini: 
Yes. Sir, my next question is regarding the app. Is any monetization on the card soon? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Monetization on what, sir? 
Mohit Saini: 
Like any subscription model or revenue, you are seeing? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, we are experimenting, sir, in certain pockets in digital and we have seen some positive 
results over there. So, we'll continue experimenting on that. And once we believe that 
numbers are firm and steady, then certainly, we could do a blanket rollout. 
Mohit Saini: 
And what estimate can you think of the 19 million monthly active users, like what percent 
can they sign up for? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir 19 million users are right now there, and we are expecting to grow them at least by 5% 
quarter-on-quarter. That's what we are targeting at. 
Mohit Saini: 
No, sir. For the subscription basis, I'm asking, what percent would convert into the 
subscription-based model? 

 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Girish Agarwal: 
It is very impossible for anybody to predict that kind of number, sir. So, as I told you, we 
are experimenting in various pockets. So, this experiment will take some more time. We'll 
continue doing that and let's see how it goes. 
Mohit Saini: 
Okay, sir. And one last question about the cash in bank. It's around INR1,016 crores. Is 
Board thinking about something or just no interest on that? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir, as I mentioned to you, in this nine months, the company has announced almost 67% 
payout for dividend. And the Board will take a right call on that. 
Mohit Saini: 
Because I feel that investors should get a pie of it? 
Girish Agarwal: 
I will certainly convey your feelings to our Board members. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Rakesh from Nine Rivers Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Rakesh: 
With respect to the circulation point that you talked in the previous question, in the previous 
participant's question, that we have started a new circulation scheme to boost the 
circulation. So, I just want to know the moment will increase the circulation more and more 
subscriber. Two points on that. Can we expect the ad yields also going up because now we 
have a more subscriber, then we can go to the customer and ask for more advertising for the 
same paper or it's the yield that's picked up? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir, very simply, if I have more subscribers, more readers, my advertiser get more benefit. 
So, either he'll give me more ads, or I can charge him better pricing. 
Rakesh: 
Okay, understood. Great.Okay. Either it will happen. Great. And second sir, because now 
we are going ahead with the scheme assuming the prices of the paper will remain like that. 
So do we -- and the prices can go next quarter or next to next quarter higher, nobody 
knows. So, do we go into a forward contract with respect to the paper prices so that 
whenever the prices increase, we should not be impacted severely because in the past, we 
have seen when the prices have gone up, we have witnessed a gross margin decline? So, do 
we go for a forward contract with respect to paper prices so that if they increase also, we 
are not impacted? 
Girish Agarwal: 
We are certainly trying that, discussing with the suppliers. Some of them are okay, some of 
them are not. So, it's a mixed basket, sir. 
Rakesh: 
Okay. Because I expect we will be getting a good number of subscribers through the 
scheme that we have come up. It's a very lucrative scheme on the face of it looking very 
lucrative scheme. So, I was just concerned like now the paper prices are at the lowest, we 

 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
have priced the product like that. And if the pickup has go up, it can lead to a lower 
profitability. That is my concern, sir. 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, to be very honest, if I gain 5 lakh copies in the next 1 years’ time and if I have to pay 
for the newsprint price more, I'll be the most happy person. So, I want to do that because I 
need more subscriber, I need more readers coming into our fold and the newsprint manage 
advertising revenue will grow. We'll take care of it from that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Freeman Rodricks, who is an Individual Investor. 
Freeman Rodricks: 
Yes. Sir, as you mentioned that you have still not been monetizing your digital apps. But 
could you just give me a number at what rate the viewership is growing over the past 
month-on-month or past 9 months? And my second question is, you also have a digital 
property in your website. And I can see different banners being monetized. So, can you just 
give me the numbers of people coming on to your website? And how much revenue do you 
earn from a digital advertising on your website? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Website is, as I mentioned to you and on the call earlier also, the website is not a really 
focus area for us because app is a direct connect where we get a right of way with our 
readers, direct connection. Web is always through somebody. So, our large focus is not on 
web. But at the same time, web does give us the traffic and has some kind of ad revenue 
over there. 
 
As far as the app is concerned, as I mentioned to you, we have about around 19 million 
monthly active users with us. And our effort is to grow them going forward furthermore. 
So, company is working on it. And so far, we have done a good job on that, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take that as the last 
question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you, everyone, for your participation and time on this earnings call today. I hope 
we've responded to your queries. We'll always be happy to be of assistance through our 
Investor Relations department headed by Mr. Prasoon Kumar Pandey for all your further 
queries. Thank you, and have a great evening. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of DB Corp Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
