 
  
 
 
                        
          
 
 
 
 
APL/SEC/32/2024-25/48 
 
7th February 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Security Code: 500820 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051  
Symbol: ASIANPAINT 
Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Investor Conference  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor Conference held on 
Tuesday, 4th February 2025, with regard to the business and financial performance of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months period ended 31st December 2024. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed through 
the following link: 
 
Investor Conference – Transcript 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
R J JEYAMURUGAN 
CFO & COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
asianpaints 
r:orporate telcntificiJtion Number . L24220MH194SPLC004598 
For Shara related queries. email to investor _relat1~ns(OJ,ac;1~npa1nt.,_ r nm 
rar ConsLmer queries emuil to cu-:;tomcrc;:irc@u!i1unpvmt~.corn 
Asian Paints Limited 
GA & 68, Shant1nagar 
Santacruz (East) 
Mumbai 400 055 
Maharashtra India 
T • ( 022} 6218 1000 
www asianpaints com 
Printed on 1000/o Recycled Paper f!') 
JEYAMURUGAN 
RAMALINGAM 
JEYAPANDIYAN
Digitally signed by 
JEYAMURUGAN RAMALINGAM 
JEYAPANDIYAN 
Date: 2025.02.07 19:29:40 
+05'30'

1 | P a g e 
 
 
 
Date: February 4, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
Management:  
Mr. Amit Syngle  
: MD & CEO  
Mr. R.J. Jeyamurugan: CFO & Company Secretary  
Mr. Parag Rane      
: AVP - Finance 
Ms. Sunila Martis 
: Head  Investor Relations 
 
Disclaimer: This is a memorandum of the proceedings of the Investor Conference Call of Asian Paints Limited held on Tuesday 4th 
February 2025 at 6:00 pm with regards to the financial results of the Company for the Third Quarter ended 31st December 2024. While 
we have made our best attempt to prepare a verbatim transcript of the proceedings of the meeting, this document has been edited for 
readability purposes and may not be a word-to-word reproduction. 
ASIAN PAINTS 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Conference 
Call 
asianpaints 

2 | P a g e
Sunila Martis: Good evening all of you and thank you so much for joining us today to 
discuss Asian Paints Q3 FY25 results. I'm Sunila Martis from the Investor Relations 
team and I have with us today our management team. We have Mr. Amit Syngle, CEO 
and MD, Mr. RJ Jeyamurugan, our CFO and Company Secretary, and we have Mr. Pa rag 
Rane, AVP Finance. I would now like to invite Amit to give his opening comments. 
Amit Syngle: Good evening, everyone and welcome to the Investor Conference for 
Q3. I will take you through the results and overall numbers in terms of how they look 
at the end of this quarter. 
Delivering joy since 1942 .... 
We exist to Beautify, Preserve, Transform all Spaces and 
Objects, bringing happiness to the World! 
Delivering joy since 1942, I think that has been our core value. We exist to beautify, 
preserve, transform all spaces and objects bringing happiness to the world. And that 
is something which we continue doing over a period of time. 

3 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-
(ti ·-
"'C 
s:: --
ti) 
ti) 
Q) 
s:: 
Weak Festive Demand, Overall Muted Consumer Sentiments 
Impacted Volumes; Downtrading Further Impacted Value 
I 12.1% 5 Yr CGR > 
I 9.6% 5 Yr CGR > 
■ CB FY24 
■ CB FY25 
11.6% 
5.5% 
1.6% 
Volume Gr% 
Value Gr% 
ti) _________________________ 
-7_.8% _____ 
_ 
:::s 
ca 
~ 
·-
+" 
f! 
0 
CJ 
Q) 
C 
U .9% 5 Yr CGR > 
9.2% 
VolumeGr% 
2.8% 
■ 9M FY24 
■ 9M FY25 
10.8% 5 Yr CGR > 
4.6% -
-5.8% 
Value Gr% 
When we look at the overall numbers for Q3 it has been a weak demand period. The 
overall consumer sentiments have been muted as we are seeing across a lot of 
industries to that extent. And that is something which is true for the paint industry as 
well. This has really impacted the overall volumes which we have seen, and we have 
seen coupled with this also some amount of downtrading which is happening which 
has really impacted the overall value delivery in this quarter. If you look from a point 
of view of volume growth, we have registered about a 1.6% volume growth this 
quarter. But the comparative value growth has been on a decline. It is minus 7.8%. In 
both these cases we see the CAGRs on the volume numbers are still double-digit over 
a five-year period. On value it is about 9.6%. 
Same numbers if we were to see over a nine-month period, the volume growth is 
closer to about 2.8% and the comparative value growth is minus 5.8%. And in this 
case also, if you see the CAGR numbers over five years are double-digit in terms of 
what we are still maintaining and have been able to deliver. So, overall, muted quarter 
in terms of what we see. And it is very clear that the overall industry seems to be on a 
little bit of a muted trend in terms of the environment. 

4 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
ti) 
Relatively Better Traction in General Industrial & Refinish Segments 
.., 
> 
> 
C: 
I 
12.0% 5 Yr CGR 
10.0% 5 Yr CGR 
ca 
c.. 
11.8% 
■ (llFY24 ■ (llFY25 
-
6.3% 
ca 
"i: 
1.7% 
.., 
ti) 
::::J 
Volume Gr% 
value Gr% 
""C 
C: 
ti) 
> 
> 
::::J 
12.8% 5 Yr CGR 
11.0%5 Yr CGR 
-
c.. 
■ 9M FY24 ■ 9M FY25 
9.3% 
Q) > 
5.3% 
",ij 
3.0% 
ca 
a.. 
0 
(,) 
Q) 
Volume Gr% 
Value Gr% 
-4.8% 
C 
When we look at the whole area of industrial as well. So, the total decorative plus 
industrial business overall combined, the performance gets slightly better given the 
fact that industrial segment has done slightly better as compared to the retail 
segment. When we look at the volume growth, we are at about 1.7% in terms of the 
overall volume growth. And in terms of value from 7.8% it comes to about minus 6.6% 
here. The CAGR numbers remain double-digit. On a nine-monthly level, the volume 
goes up to about 3% and the value is about minus 4.8%. So, this is something which 
you would actually see is the actual coatings representative number for the quarter 
which is decorative plus industrial. So, net, the industrial business has been much 
better, whether it is from a point of view of auto, whether it is from the point of view of 
protective paints and so on, so forth. 

5 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
-
ca ·-
"'C 
C: 
::=,. 
240 
,n 
,n 
Cl) 
C: ·-
,n 
:l 
ca 
200 
160 
120 
80 
-
Softer Volume Trajectory Over the Last 6 Months 
Long-term Volume Growth Still in Double-digits 
*15.3% 
*18.1% 
*15.1% 
14.1% 
*14.6% -
*19.0% 
*16.5% 
*15.4% - - - -
*16.8% 
-
-
n -
*11.5% 
*121% 
-
~ 
·,.:::; 
Q4 FY22 Ql FY23 Q2 FY23 Q3 FY23 Q4 FY23 Q1 FY24 Q2 FY24 Q3 FY24 Q4 FY24 Q1 FY25 Q2 FY25 Q3 FY25 
f? 
0 
(,) Quarterly Representation af Volumes Said an Base af Q1 FY19 as 100 
Cl) 
*96 represents 5 Year Compounded Growth Rate 
C 
Overall, this is the slide which we have been sharing with you over a period of time 
which shows how we have been proceeding on the quarter-to-quarter trajectory on a 
long-term basis. The double-digit volume growth is still intact. If you notice in Q2 it 
had come down a little. It has gone up now in Q3 at about 12.1 % in terms of CAGR. 
So, that is something which we are still maintaining as we look at from the point of 
view of the decorative business. 

6 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
-
ca ·-
"'C 
C: --
U) 
U) 
Q) 
C: ·-
U) 
:::s 
ca 
~ 
·-
+"' 
~ 
0 
(,) 
Q) 
C 
Key Performance Drivers 
_ 
....... 
□ Q3FY25 was impacted by continued muted 
consumer demand accentuated by: 
• Weak festive demand 
• Sustained slowness in urban centers 
• Impact on seasonal markets 
□ Continued 
expansion 
of 
distribution 
footprint to ~169,000 retail touchpoints 
□ Beautiful Homes Painting Services & Trusted 
Contractor 
Services 
seeing 
sustained 
acceptance & growing well 
□ Good pick up in demand in the Projects / 
Institutional Business driven by Factories & 
Builders' segment 
• Traction seen in Government segment 
post 3 quarters of slow movement 
□ Maintained our focus on innovation: 
• New products contributed to over 12% 
of overall revenues in Q3 
□ Backward integration projects (VAM-VAE & 
White Cement) on track 
Some of the key factors which we have seen for Q3, as I said, the overall demand was 
impacted in this quarter. First of all, we saw a weak festive demand, this time we had 
a shorter Diwali as compared to a larger Diwali. So, I think October was affected in a 
big way. Coupled with that, what we saw was urban centres continued to be showing 
a slow growth. All the seasonal markets, given the fact that they are impacted by the 
festive season, I think have grown on a slightly slower side, which has the impact of 
October. 
From a point of view of distribution, there is continued expansion. We continue to 
expand more retail points in newer towns, suburbs. In terms of what is happening 
across India, we have now about 1.69 lakh retail counters across the country to that 
extent. And that is something which is a constant endeavour in terms of what we see 
that we are available at every consumer point across the country. Our painting 
service, which is the Beautiful Home Painting Service, which is there, has seen 
sustained acceptance and growing quite well. It is a service which is possibly the 
biggest in the world today in terms of what we are offering with very, very strong NPS 

7 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
scores and referrals which kind of come from this. So, I think it is a service which now 
is spreading across more than 650 towns across the country and doing quite well. 
From the point of view of the B2B business has done quite well. The projects / 
institution business overall picked up in Q3 as compared to Q2. We saw some 
traction happening in terms of the government spending also coming live. And as we 
see it, this will go further, and both the factories and the builder segment also did well. 
So, I think the overall B2B segment is something which is definitely picking up, which 
is a positive sign in terms of going forward. 
Our innovation movement continued, which is all about newer products and a lot of 
new products happening in the premium and the luxury space in terms of where our 
endeavour is to keep the market excited. The new products contributed to about 12% 
of the overall revenues in Q3. We've been speaking about our backward integration 
projects. The VAM-VAE project which is coming up at Dahej and the White Cement 
which is coming at Fujairah, Dubai, both are on track. And that is something which 
possibly will give us very, very strong value as we go ahead at the time of 
implementation of these projects. 

8 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
Transforming the Environment with Advance Technology 
.,,... 
For exterior spaces, engineered with photocatalytic technology that neutralizes known pollutants like SOx & NOx 
bringing them down to safer limits as set by WHO 
powered with dust pick-up resistance, whiteness, available in 200+ shades 
If you look at some of the new products I spoke of, we are talking of this absolutely 
new and strong product which is coming first time possibly in a world in terms of what 
we are launching. This is Apex Ultima Suprema Air-O-Clean. This is a unique product 
which is basically is a champion for sustainability in terms of going forward. It has got 
a photocatalytic technology which neutralizes pollutants like SOx NOx which are 
there in the environment and therefore brings them down in the overall environment 
and makes the environment great. It is also powered by a very good resistance to dust 
and overall available in white and some shades in terms of what we launch it. So, it is 
absolutely the top end of technology in terms of what we are launching for the very 
first time today. And I think this is something which is going to be very strong from the 
point of view of B2B business going forward. 

9 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
Innovation in Regional Packs 
Maharashtra 
Gujarat 
Kerala 
The other area which we have been continuously working is that given the fact that 
today the regional fervour is coming up very, very strongly and to pick up the 
consumer sentiment around the region, we have been looking at innovation in terms 
of our packs. And these are the regional packs which we have done, which are packs 
which are interactive packs where the customer, by scanning the QR code can look 
at experiencing the culture of the region and so on, so forth. And this is something 
which has been very, very popular in terms of how people have looked at, in terms of 
creating excitement. 

10 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
Packaging Change : Interior Emulsions 
Luxury Range 
Premium Range 
Economy Range 
We have also looked at a stronger packaging change which is far more international 
contemporary in terms of the overall looks, which comes in along with a very, very 
strong ingredient story which comes in. So, we have amped up the overall quality and 
the overall premium-ness of the packs. So, I think this is something which has been 
accepted well by the market, and it is something giving us a very, very strong imagery 
in terms of the market the way it comes in. 

11 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Packaging Change : SmartCare 
-
-... 
Exterior Waterproofing 
Interior Waterproofing 
This is the same packaging change, and this has been done across the product. So, 
you can see for yourself the packaging is fairly contemporary in terms of the way it 
looks. 
Future of Waterproofing 
□ Single Component PUD based fleece reinforced liquid 
applied coating for exposed terrace surfaces 
□ Highly Durable, Strong Coating with Best-in-Class Crack 
Bridging Ability 
□ Excellent Puncture Resistance & Tensile Strength 
□ Lifetime Warranty & Peace- Up to 25 Years* Waterproofing 
Warranty for terraces 

12 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We have also launched the future of waterproofing, as we call it. It is something which 
is a polyurethane dispersion-based paint. which is the single component paint. This 
is talking of almost about 25 years of warranty, which is unheard of and has the best-
in-class kind of crack bridging ability and so on, so forth. 
Launched new campaign for 
Ultima Protek, 
an ultra-durable exterior paint 
The only Lamination Paint 
powered by Graphene 
So, I think again, if you notice, the trend is very clear that we want to look at the 
premium and the luxury segment and look at introducing newer products here, which 
can be very value adding to the consumer and are very, very strong from a point of 
view of sustainability and environment protection. We have launched a new 
campaign for Ultima Protect, which is with graphene, which is the new ingredient 
which we have looked at reinforcing the whole durability of the product, giving it a 12-
year warranty. New commercial which we launched called the Safe House. And this 
is something which we have launched across the markets. And this is something 
which is doing very well amping up the Ultima story of Protect very strongly. 

13 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
Don't Just Paint, Design 
New campaign launched for specially curated 
Exterior Textures 
The whole area of textures, which is the strength at Asian Paints, which possibly no 
one else has, is something which we have really amped up again and here has been 
a strong effort to really develop something which is unique which possibly the world 
has not seen. And this is something which we are really looking at. It goes for the 
bungalow segments, even for a lot of second homes in terms of what people are 
looking at and in terms of some form of even high-rise buildings overall. So, I think 
again a revolutionary area in terms of influencing the market with more and more 
textures in the form of product Apex which is offering. 

14 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
asianpaints ~ 
where tile 
l1ea1·t is 
SEASO N 
8 
We continue to really propagate the brand, Har Ghar Kuch Kehta Hai as a strong 
emotional connect with the consumer. Where we have Season 8 of "Where the Heart 
Is" along with some popular celebrities who have done up their homes and we have 
done a full home makeover for them in terms of how it stands. And this has been a 
very strong area in terms of how we can really look at reaching out to consumers and 
really link the emotional connect of Har Ghar with them in a very strong manner. 

15 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Home Decor Foray 
No.1 
Integrated 
Home Decor 
Player 
- 4.5% of 
64 Beautiful 
Homes Stores 
One Stop Home 
Decor 
Decorative 
Destinations 
No. 1 in 
Sabyas 
1purRugs, 
Handa, Euro 
design 
Modular Kitchen, 
Kitchen Hardware 
Components 
Wardrobes and Vanities 
Decorative Ughtint 
BsthFtttinp& 
Ssnitsryware 
-
-
. 
..ill=. 
Furniture 
Rugs 
FabriC-3 & Fumishinp 
•• 
I -~ 
.. -- --
Walt Coverints 
uPVC Windows and Doors 
Our Home Decor foray continues as we see it happening across the various 
categories. We are, as we have been saying, number one, integrated home decor 
player. 64 Beautiful Home stores across the country in terms of what is there, number 
one in decorative lighting, number two in fabric and furnishing overall. And in terms 
of both wallpapers and other collaborations which we have with Sabyasachi, Sarita 
Handa, Jaipur Rugs, I think are going strong from that point of view and they contribute 
to about 4.5% of the decorative revenue. So, I think this has been strong. The whole 
imperative of moving from a share of surface to a share of space within the home so 
that we are able to connect with the customer over the decor life cycle very strongly. 

16 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
Beautiful Homes Signature Store 
launched in Mumbai, spread 
across 14k sgft. 
Beautiful Homes Studio launched in 
Surat, spread across Bk sgft. 
We have opened some more stores. We have the, you know, a Signature store which 
has come in Mumbai, in Borivali, which is almost about 14,000 square feet in terms 
of size and something which is very strong from a point of view of offering decor under 
one roof strongly. Some images of it, you can see. And then we also launched a store 
in Surat, which is there, which is another 13,000 square feet store. Again, basically 
showing us everything in terms of what can be done within the home in a very strong 
manner. So, I think this is something which is really kind of taking the decor root 
strongly across and kind of really, you know, appropriating Beautiful Homes in a 
strong way as we go ahead. 

17 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
Launched Nilaya WALL W.R.A.P 
op aslanpaints 
::::::::::::;::::;;: 
·ni 1iiy.a\ 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
.. .. . . . .. . . . . . . .. . . . 
Plt1Y 
WALL W.R.A P 
200 SKU• from Top Hlllng Colours 
op asianpainls 
. .................. . 
.................... 
once 
WALL WR .AP. 
Zero PVC, Zero Plastic, Zero voe and made from 
naturally occurring minerals 
Water Resistant System 
Crack Resistant 
Fungal Resistant 
When we look at another thing, this whole concept of lnsta is something which is very 
big. People are looking at something which can be done in a jiffy. We have launched 
this product called the Nilaya Wall WRAP, which is called Nilaya Play and Nilaya 
Ones. This is a wonder product in terms of what we are introducing, which is 
absolutely green with no VOC and it does not consume any water also at all. And this 
is something which we are looking at, you know, having a proposition that you can 
actually do a 2 BHK house in 3 days. So, a new revolutionary technology in terms of 
what we are bringing. Again, something at the top end, which we know is something 
very clear in terms of the direction. 

18 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
Building on our Foray in Home Decor 
U'J 
U'J 
Cl) 
C 
U'J 
::s 
0l 
:a.. 
0 
(,) 
Kitchen & Bath 
Marginal Improvement in Topline vs. last year 
(figures in columns in f g:!J 
■ Q3 FY25 
■ 9P,,4 FY2S 
Kitchen Revewe 
Bath Pevenue 
'Cl) 
0 Kitchen: PBT loss of ~ 5 lli in Q3 vs. breakeven last year 
C 
Cl) 
0 Bath: PBT loss of~ 7 crs in Q3; .~im!!~.r tQ last year 
E 
0 
:I: 
White Teak & Weatherseal 
(figures in columns in (' ill) 
iQ;! FY25 
■9MFY25 
White Teak Revenue 
Weatherseal ReW!flue 
0 Weak consumption in urban markets 
0 Weatherseal sales impacted by BIS challenges as well 
When we look at the Home Decor, while all the categories are growing, this year the 
environment has kind of literally subdued the overall growth. In terms of what we were 
seeing, we have in Q3 grown in Kitchen at about 3%, but at a nine-monthly level, we 
are at about 5% level. And ditto with, you know, the Bath area as well in terms of the 
growths. So, single digit growths happening here on White Teak and Weatherseal. On 
a nine-monthly level, we see about 1 % growth here. The consumption has been 
slightly muted again given the overall environment. But this is something we are 
confident should kind of pick up as we go forward. White Teak has been impacted a 
little bit by some of the BIS challenges in terms of what we have seen. But we hope 
that this is something which recovers as we enter Q4. 

19 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"' "' 
Cl) 
C ·-"' 
:::s 
ca -
ca 
C 
0 
·.;::; 
ca 
C 
a.. 
Cl) .., 
C 
Egypt 
2 Of> .... ,.'!'!"' 3 6fl asla~ 4 KADISCO 
""-
Qatar 
Oman 
UAE 
Ethiopia 
Nepal 
Bangladesh 
Indonesia 
Sri Lanka 
6 jf·,lj:fzt·i8j 7 -::>apco 
Solomon 
Islands 
Vanuatu 
Fiji 
7 
6 ,7 
6 
Samoa 
If you look at the AP global markets, these are the representation across the world in 
terms of the places where we are operating. And from here we also export to certain 
other countries. 
i 
"' "' 
2,267 
Cl) 
C 
i 
·-"' 
:::s 
81B 
ca -
ca 
AP Global overan 
C 
0 
i 
·.;::; 
ca 
C 
~ 
102 
a.. 
Cl) .., 
61 
C 
• PST before Exceptional rtems 
Growth Driven by Improving 
Macro-Economic Conditions in Asian Markets 
Revenue 
■ 03 FY25 ■ 9M FY25 
i! 
~ 
8SO 
Africa 
PJiddleEast 
PBT* 
■ 03 FY25 
■ 9M FY25 
i 
i 
71 
~ 
~ 
906 
Asia 
~~ 
40 
120 
South Pacific 
□ Q3 growth in INR terms at 5%; strong 17.1% 
growth in constant currency terms 
□ Africa: Impacted by currency devaluation in 
Egypt & Ethiopia 
□ Middle East: Strong double-digit growth; 
especially in UAE - a key growth market 
□ Improved revenue growth in Asia: 
■ Continued recovery seen in Sri Lanka; 
Macro-economic conditions stabilizing 
in Bangladesh 
i 
~
69 
□ Focus 
on 
relux 
and 
water proofing 
categories supporting growth 
25 
29 
-14 
□ Increase in overall profitability driven by 
recovery in key Asian geographies 

20 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Overall, when we look at this performance, it has been much better than Q2 in terms. 
In INR terms, we have grown at about 5% at an overall global level and a strong 17% 
in constant currency terms. If we look at from the point of view of various regions, the 
Middle East region has done spectacularly well at 20% growth in terms of Q3. 
Similarly, Asia has done well on the back of Lanka and Nepal doing to some extent 
well. And I think Africa and South Pacific are the areas which have been suffering 
given the fact that there is some turmoil which is happening in Africa given the 
depreciation of currency and so on, so forth. However, when we look at from the point 
of view of profitability, I think Q3 we have had a 4% growth overall. 
However, the nine-month picture is definitely on a lower side in terms of what we see 
in terms of the profitability which is there. Just to remind you that there is definitely 
impact of the currency devaluation in Egypt and Ethiopia in terms of what we see. But 
both the Middle East area as well as I think the area of Asia both basically are still 
doing good from a point of view of overall profitability in terms of what we see. So, 
that's on the global markets. 
ti) 
ti) 
Q) 
s:::: 
ti) 
:::::s 
£0 
~ 
1,652 
610 
Revenue 
Sustained Growth & Profitability in 
Auto Segment 
■ Q3 FY25 
■ 9M FY25 
PST 
PPGAP 
□ Broad based growth with General Industrial and Refinish 
segment doing well 
□ Strong profit growth with PBT margin at 22.1% in Q3FY25 
-
---------------~-------- ---------
co 
"i: 
1n 
:::::s 
"'C 
s:::: 
~ 
84G 
~ 
287 
Reven1..e 
APPPG 
■ Q3 FY25 
■ 9M FY25 
□ Impact of lower maintenance spends & investments 
□ Tight pricing environment continued to impact profits 
• 
PBT margin at 8.4% for the quarter vs. 11.5% last year 
PST 
(figures in columns in t S,W 

21 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
When you come to the industrial business, we have two joint ventures as you know. 
One is the auto OE joint venture which is called the PPGAP which is there which is 
about Auto Refinishes and General Industrial business. Here as I said, the market has 
been better despite the auto builds coming down to some extent. But we have grown 
at about 6% here. So, this has been a good quarter overall. In a nine-monthly level we 
are growing at 7%. But I think the best which has happened is the profitability is 
something which is doing extremely good. PBT margins are at about all time high of 
about 22% here. 
When we look at the second business, which is about General Industrial business, 
which we do more on Protective and Powder Coatings, APPPG. This has been a 
subdued quarter here after a very long time. We have seen very, very good growths in 
this APPPG for the last about three years in continuous succession. It has been at 
base this quarter overall, although at a nine-monthly level it is at about 2% growth. 
And profits have been a little bit challenging here given the fact that there has been a 
tight pricing environment. And therefore, the overall PBT margins are at about 8.4% 
vs. about 11.5% of last year. So, overall Industrial has done much better as compared 
to the decorative architectural business. 

22 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sequential Improvement in Gross Margin on Material Price Deflation, 
Sourcing & Formulation Efficiencies 
Matenal DeHatioo 
Matenal Deflation r
•I Defl1 
r
l Defla~ 
-7" 
-4% 
"'2% 
-4" 
43.0% 
43.4% 
43.9% 
38.7% 
03 FY23 
Q4 FY23 
Q1 FY24 
Q2FY24 
aterial Deflation 
"0.2% 
Price Decrease 
-1% 
~-~ 
44.2% 
03 FY24 
44.4% 
Q4 FY24 
Note: Average price decrease of 0.3% taken in end Jan 2025 on select products 
42.9% 
Q1FY2S 
Price Increase 
-1.2% 
41.1% 
02 FY25 
aterial~ 
-i..1% 
Price Increase 
''"R4% 
43.2% 
03 FY25 
Gross margins shaNn here is at standalone level & as a% of Net sales 
Just to give you an idea in terms of how the overall, you know, gross margins have been 
moving and how are the material price deflations happening. The gross margins have 
improved sequentially if you see from 41.1 o/o to about 43.2% overall. So, that is 
something which is strong which has happened in terms of the sequential movement. 
Although from a year-on-year perspective it has moved from 44.2% to about 43.2%. 
This quarter we have seen price deflation and as you are aware we had announced a 
price increase in Q2 of about 1.2% and it has a carryover effect of about 0.4% in Q3. 
So, I think we have been strong with respect to overall the way we have been looking 
at prices and that is something which is supporting the bottom line as well as we look 
forward . 

23 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
Net5aes 
Gross Margins 
21,982 
Net Sales 
Gross Margins 
Summary Standalone Financials 
■ 03 FY24 ■ 03 FY25 
PBOIT 
PST 
PAT 
■ 9M FY24 
■ 9M FY25 
PBDIT 
PBr' 
PAT 
• Above PBT is before exceptional items 
(figures in columns in t gj} 
Q3 
□ Net Sales declined by 7.5%; Impacted by subdued demand, weak 
festive season & downtrading 
□ Gross margins at 43.2% in Q3; ~100 bps decline over Q3 last year 
on lower mix 
□ PBDIT margin at 20. 7%; ~40 bps lower than Q3 last year due to 
operating deleverage 
9M FY25 
□ Net Sales declined by 5.6% 
□ Gross margins at 42.4%; ~140 bps decline over last year 
□ PBDIT margin at 19.2%; ~430 bps lower than last year (~420 bps 
lower exduding one-time impact**) 
•• PBDfT in Q1 FY24 included one-time provision reversal of t 39 £§.. due to change in 
leave policy 
Overall, when we look at the standalone financials, I think given the fact that the top 
line has been weak, we see PBDIT really affected and PBT and PAT also affected to 
that extent. However, as I said, gross margins have been up sequentially and 100 bps 
point decline over the Q3 of last year. PBDIT margins have improved from the last 
quarter, by almost about 400 bps points. However, if you look at from the comparative 
quarter of last year it is about 340 bps points lower. But it is in a good range in terms 
of what we have got the PBDIT margins. The nine-month PBDIT margins are at about 
19.2%, about 430 bps points lower than comparative last year quarter. So, that's the 
overall picture in terms of what we see amongst at a standalone level. 

24 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
~ 
8,522 
~ 
3,601 
Net Sales 
Gross fvlargins 
~ 
25,468 
~ 
10,638 
Net Sales 
Gross Margins 
■ 03 FY24 
~ 
PSD!T 
Summary Consolidated Financials 
Q3 
■ 03 FY25 
~ 
PST 
PAT 
D Net Sales declined by 6.1% given subdued growth in domestic 
decorative segment. Relatively better performance in Industrial 
segments and International Business 
□ Gross margins at 42.3% in Q3; ~us bps decline over Q3 last year 
□ PBDIT margin at 19.2%; -JSO bps lower than Q3 last year due to 
operating deleverage 
9M FY25 
■ 9MFY24 
■9M FY25 
PSDIT 
~ 
PST" 
PAT 
• Above PBT is before exceptional items 
(figures in columns in t m) 
0 Net Sales declined by ~4_5% 
D Gross margins at 41.8%; over 135 bps decline over last year 
D PBDIT margin at 17.9%; ~415 bps lower than last year (400 bps 
lower excluding one-time impact**) 
0 PBOIT in Ql FY24 included one-time provision reversal of 'f 41 ffi due to change in 
leave policy 
When we go to consolidated financials the picture is a little bit similar. You know, you 
have a top line which is at about minus 6% in terms of what we see overall at Q3 and 
gross margins at about 42.3% and a PBDIT margin of about 19.2%. On a nine-monthly 
level, this number goes to about minus 5% on a top line and it goes to about almost 
like 17.9% on a PBDIT margin overall. So, I think these are the financials from a top-
line and bottom-line perspective in terms of the top line being subdued this quarter. 

25 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Outlook for Q4FY25 
□ Demand conditions challenging considering stress in urban areas; Cautiously optimistic about 
recovery over the next couple of quarters 
□ Adequate monsoons coupled with expected boost in Government spending should continue to 
support rural demand 
□ Maintain focus on the core & strengthening the brand 
□ Focus on growing and scaling our Industrial Businesses 
□ Improving macro-economic situation across some of our key Asian geographies to support business 
in International markets 
□ Expect some softening in raw material prices; Weakness in Rupee a key concern 
When it comes to the outlook, obviously I think the demand conditions have been 
challenging in this quarter and it was impacted even more given the fact that the 
festival season was much smaller. As we go forward, we definitely see the stress in 
terms of the urban areas will continue. We are optimistic about some of the rural, you 
know, towns batting to that extent. So, therefore our overall intention is that it is a little 
bit of a cautious optimistic approach in terms of what we see as a recovery for the 
next couple of quarters. 
Overall, when we look at from a point of view of spending, government spending 
would be strong. And therefore, as I said, B2B business as well as the rural business 
should be, I think, strong going forward. I think Industrial Business also should be 
strong going forward. We are looking at really leveraging the core strength of the brand 
going forward, looking at a series of marketing forays in terms of what we want to do. 
So, that the brand imagery, the whole mindshare is something which is strong, which 
remains. We are looking at scaling the Industrial Business overall in terms of how it 
goes. 

26 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
And we see that some of the Asian geographies should kind of do well to boost the 
international markets. So, we are putting our focus in terms of both Asia and Middle 
East going forward. 
From a point of view of raw material prices you know, we see some softening. The 
buoyant dollar is something which is a concern. We are already seeing weakening in 
the rupee. And that is something which we will have to watch out and see in terms of 
how it pans out. So, that is the overall outlook in terms of what we see for Q4. Thank 
you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Mr. Syngle. We now proceed to the Q&A session. 
Avi Mehta (Macquarie): Wanted to just better understand your cautious optimism on 
near term recovery - what is driving this? And more importantly by when you expect 
sales value to start moving to YOY growth rates versus the decline that we've seen for 
the last few quarters. 
Amit Syngle: So, overall, for Q4, I think definitely what we are saying is that the urban 
centres are appearing as a stress area for us. However, we see that rural demand 
should definitely be better in terms of how it kind of goes. And as I said that we are 
also relying on the B2B business to kind of pick up as we go ahead to that extent. 
Industrial should also be good. So, we see that possibly, I think it would take at least, 
you know, two quarters in terms of at least where we see that possibly some of this 
area will be there. Obviously, we would look at getting you know, stronger value growth 
possibly towards at least single digits as we kind of go forward. But right now, we see 
a stress in terms of the two quarters as we go ahead. 

27 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avi Mehta: With input costs expected to remain benign and pricing largely through, 
would nine-month performance be a good indicator of the likely EDITDA margin for 
FY25? Is there any need to revisit our steady state margin profile guidance of 18 to 
20% now that we have more colour on the new competition and how they are 
behaving on the ground? 
Amit Syngle: So, we have been strong in terms of maintaining the PBDIT focus in 
terms of going ahead. So, we are very clear that we are not running after price strongly 
to that extent. We want to kind of really concentrate at looking at some of the 
segments where we have a strong leverage in terms of going forward and we would 
like to maintain our overall guidance of 18 to 20% as we go ahead. 
Tejash Shah (Avendus Spark): You spoke at length about the demand scenario. Just 
wanted to know, are there any segments or geographies which are outperforming 
the broader trend? 
Amit Syngle: In Q3, we saw that all the seasonal geographies, you know, especially 
geographies which are centred around the northern, central parts of the country, I 
think to some extent underperformed overall, given the fact that October is a big 
month, and the October definitely was much slower in terms of the overall demand. 
And it was also a shorter Diwali. So, I think today what we see is that some parts 
other than the seasonal markets across the country have been much better and 
therefore we see a clear differential in terms of growth - what we have seen in 
November and December as compared to October. 
Tejas Shah: Perhaps early in the quarter, but any sense you would have got from your 
feedback on the ground on our market share position? Would we have protected it in 
most of the territories or gained or lost? 

28 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amit Syngle: I think at the industry level, we are saying the overall industry is 
definitely on a decline in terms of what we see from the point of view of consumer 
demand. I would say that at least the decorative industry is definitely ranging 
anywhere around minus 4%, minus 5%, kind of zone in terms of what we see. The 
Industrial is still up in terms of the overall market. So, I think the feel is very clear that, 
you know, given the large number of players which we are there, there would be some 
shaving off of shares here and there, but nothing which is very, very significant in 
terms of what we see to that extent happening with us. 
Tejas Shah: Your guidance on margins, 18% to 20%, looking at the tailwinds and 
headwinds, both in terms of what government has done on demand recovery and at 
the same time, you spoke about rupee depreciation and other headwinds which are 
there. Would you prefer to operate at 18%, given if there's a choice and revive 
demand, or you will, you will let it go as it comes if you have to kind of go back to 20% 
in the near term? 
Amit Syngle: So, I think, you know, currently demand is just not a function of simple 
pricing in terms of what we see. Demand is also a function in terms of the inherent 
consumption. Ours is a category where people are able to postpone the spends to 
some time to that extent. So, what we are seeing is that we would definitely like to 
overall spend money in terms of really building the brand and looking at a strong mind 
share which is going to come about to that extent as we go forward. We are working 
on a lot of initiatives so that we are able to kind of look at optimizing cost, you know, 
recovering more cost internally so that we have more monies to spend in terms of 
going forward. So, I think as I said going forward, we would still like to maintain our 
overall guidance between 18% to 20% to that extent. It's very difficult to say that it 
should be only 18% or it should be only 20%. 

29 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
Manoj Menon: I don't really have a question but it's more of request for insights from 
the panel. Amit, Jeyamurugan, Parag and Sunila. Look in your long careers, 
particularly in the paint industry, could you just look back in history and say that you 
have seen similar sort of consumption, particularly for paints where it is generally 
assumed that given the repainting cycle which has been reducing over the years etc. 
There is certain predictability to the demand. But let's say if you take a step back and 
go 24, 36 months back also probably we didn't see this sort of, let's say an impact on 
paints let's say demand was not necessarily a base case for anyone, including 
analysts. You know, excluding let's say periods like the Lehman crisis or a 
demonetization or a Covid probably these are all one-off events. Just want to 
understand from your understanding of the industry for the last 20, 30, 40 years you 
know that what are those periods and then let's say what are the specific activities, 
which you as a market leader would have done. And also, if you could comment about 
anything which you can talk in a public domain on, let's say the actions or activities 
which you are undertaking currently as a 60% market leader, which could actually 
drive demand. 
Amit Syngle: So, overall, I think it's a good question because when you go back 
almost two decades to three decades, you know, we haven't seen possibly a 
challenge like this in terms of what we are seeing in terms of demand. Possibly when 
you go to the era of 1997 or something, that is a time when we would have seen some 
kind of streaks of this kind of market. So, it's been definitely quite challenging in terms 
of the overall demand conditions in terms of what we are seeing. 
But having said that, I think some of the areas which we have looked at basically 
churning up demand is the fact that we have looked at also areas which are 
unexplored to that extent. So, one of the areas which we have looked is the bottom of 
the pyramid in terms of what we had spoken at the beginning of the year, in terms of 
looking at introducing Neo, which was a new category by itself called the Latex paint, 

30 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
so that we could kind of get a lot of newer customers and they kind of come and get 
into the organized market for the first time. So, which kind of really broadens the 
overall pie for everyone to that extent. And after us, we have seen some of the other 
players also trying to launch some similar products in that area. So, I think it kind of 
really largens the segmentfor everyone. Similarly, when we look at the whole segment 
of wood finishes, we have launched certain products like GloMax and some other 
polishes which kind of enlarges the overall segment, so that we get more players to 
kind of come in and start really utilizing organized brands in terms of enlarging the 
market. 
The other area which we are looking at is how can we get people to paint much faster. 
And for that we are looking at, you know, decor options, which are far stronger, far 
quicker in terms of doing. I just spoke about this whole area of Nilaya Play and Nilaya 
Once, where you could possibly do your house in just 3 days, so that the whole hassle 
free kind of becomes a very strong preposition for especially, you know, nuclear 
homes in terms of looking at what they could do in just 2 - 3 days, so that the 
frequency of painting itself can go up. It is a long shot in terms of doing it. But that is 
something which we are looking at in terms of bringing about. 
The fourth area we are looking at bringing mechanization into painting in a very strong 
way. And as a leader, we have put almost 23 centres across the country where we are 
training a lot of painters into mechanization so that their productivity goes up, their 
painting time basically reduces, the hassle free in the market kind of comes in. Which 
basically means that for consumers it becomes an easier process to that extent in 
terms of going forward. So, I think these are the some of the measures in terms of 
what we have been taking and I think the other clear measure is that keep the 
innovation index high in terms of what you've been able to do and keep on leveraging 
the brand from a point of view of really building the brand and building the mindshare 
as you go ahead. 

31 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Aditya Bhartia (Investec): My first question is that if we look at employee expenses 
and our overhead expenses this quarter, they haven't really grown much on a year-on-
year basis. On a sequential basis, there's been a decline in an environment wherein 
we are seeing competition intensifying, new players coming in, attrition for us has 
been going up a bit. How is it that we are able to control employee and OPEX costs 
and what is going to be the strategy around this? 
Amit Syngle: So, as we look at it definitely from a point of view of employee cost. As 
we had said that we had looked at possibly, you know, manning more people in the 
beginning so that we could really cater to our network far more strongly. Post that we 
have also taken steps in terms of how we can boost the productivity of the people 
much more. So, that is something which serves as a trigger for us so that we can get 
the best utilization as the best maximum output in terms of those people. 
I think one area which we are clearly looking is that in terms of going forward, how is 
it that basically we can utilize the number of people much better in terms of the 
overall productivity. The sales and distribution expenses have gone up overall in terms 
of what we see given the intensity of competition which is there in the market. And 
that is something which we are trying to see in terms of what way you could maximize 
on the stakeholders in terms of what is there so that we are able to give them a good 
value which they can pass on to the customer as we look forward. 
At the same time, the other area which we are looking at is looking at optimizing all 
the areas of cost which are there in the organization. So, whether it is from a point of 
view of looking at overheads which are related to possibly travel and other areas 
which are there, we are kind of looking at seeing how we can basically optimize the 
overall operating expenses so that we can really have a good leverage in terms of 
going forward. 

32 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Aditya Bhartia: And when you speak about 18 to 20% margin guidance, are we 
baking in some of these cost savings and therefore thinking of slight reduction and 
maybe in gross margins and some savings coming through from OPEX which kind of 
offset each other and we get to 18 to 20% kind of margin? 
Amit Syngle: So, it is an overall cost model we will have to kind of look at. So, it is as 
I said a far more holistic approach in terms of the cost which is being taken because 
you would like to kind of really spend the money in the right manner so that we are 
able to kind of also spend money in terms of initiating demand, looking at the right 
consumption, spending it in the right segments in terms of what we want to kind of 
do. So, it is a combination in terms of looking at optimization, some of the operating 
levers to that extent. At the same time looking at in what way possibly we can look at 
the overall material cost, the overall formulation efficiencies. Even in terms of the 
whole area of manufacturing excellence, in terms of what we can bring so that the 
whole overall area of cost is something which gives us the leverage to put the money 
in the right manner in terms of what we can do and still really look at to some extent 
top line coming and maintaining the 18 to 20% kind of margin guidance. 
Parag Rane: Just to sort of add to what Amit said, I think a better way of looking at 
some of these expenses like employee cost and some of the discretionary spends is 
actually to look at the nine-month sort of numbers rather than focusing on the 
quarter. So, just wanted to place that with you. 
Aditya Bhartia: Also on Neo Latex paints, if you could just give us some indication 
about how large the category is likely to have become for us and for the industry and 
how do you see that shaping up going forward? 
Amit Syngle: So, I think the overall kind of potential in the category is much, much 
bigger. Almost the potential is more than 5 lakh KL in terms of the overall category. As 

33 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I see it, we are just scraping possibly at the moment, you know, 7 to 9% of that overall 
pie which is there. So, I think the potential is still very, very huge in terms of what you 
can pick up and what you can get in. It is also a question in terms of how much kind 
of depth you are able to get, how much you are able to reach in T3, T4 cities, how 
much you are able to create awareness about that product, both at a consumer level 
as well as at the contractor painter level. So, I think the potential it offers is fairly big 
in terms of the volumes it can garner. 
Mihir Shah (Nomura): On the demand environment, we understand the decline in 
urban demand, can you share how is rural doing? Should one think that rural is 
growing much faster and urban is declining? And any colour on how Jan is shaping up, 
if you can just throw some insight to that. 
Amit Syngle: So, as I said very clearly, the urban centres, I think the demand has 
been slightly muted, whereas in terms of the rural which we are seeing is demand has 
been much better in terms of the relative sense. Overall we've also seen that the 
monsoons have been fairly good, which basically augurs well for Q4 and Q1 of next 
year. So, I think we believe that the rural demand should accelerate further in terms 
of both Q4 and Q1. And some of those things we are seeing in January itself also 
happening. And possibly I think the big area of surge which should happen is looking 
at how, you know, the urban centres kind of start to pick up as we go forward. 
Amit Sachdeva (UBS): Just one question and it's a bit elusive one and you know, and 
it's my attempt to just ask on the new competition which has been there for a while 
now. After a long time, such competition has happened in the paints industry and 
clearly there is some response, and counter response may have been. But my 
question is that what is your interpretation of how the new competition is positioned 
its product. And what is a true value proposition thereafter to various stakeholders, 
whether it's trade as well as customer. And how you have responded to that? Now it's 

34 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a bit of vague but I just want to understand because sometimes as it's a me-too 
product, it's a price at discounts and this first way to look at it. But I think there is 
some value proposition which is circulating in the industry to trade partners, to even 
painters and all those stakeholders. And what communication you have picked and 
what is your interpretation, what is going on, how you are responding with your own 
value proposition there? I don't know whether it's sort of, you know, not specific 
enough, but I just wanted your reaction to it. 
Amit Syngle: First of all, you know, as we see it, there have been literally competitions 
earlier also. In fact, we have had some players five years back who had launched. And 
now obviously, you know, there has been new competition this year in terms of what 
we are seeing. Frankly, if you look at from the point of view of the first half, we have 
not seen too much possibly, you know, numbers which would have kind of come out. 
Although I think the spread across the country is something which they are taking a 
scale in terms of looking at, from a point of view of overall products. They seem to 
have products at all price points in terms of what we see in the market. But at the 
moment, very difficult to say that if they have a proposition for the customer coming 
in. 
And a lot of things obviously at the moment are looking at price and discounting led 
in terms of what we see in the market. So, as I said, we've just seen possibly now 3 
quarters. It's too early in terms of seeing whether there's a larger impact which is 
happening on the market. Because today, as I said, the market is pretty large in terms 
of what we see of 80,000 crores. And I think we could kind of only say that someone 
is making an impact if you are talking of at least garnering 7, 8% kind of a share out of 
that market in the first year. So, I think to that extent possibly it remains to be seen in 
terms of how well possibly they will do. I think it's too early to kind of really comment. 

35 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
Amit Sachdeva: So, where I'm coming from is, you know, obviously somebody who 
comes new wants to tell a consumer or trade partners that I'm special, I'm different, 
I'm distinctive, I have better value. And that narrative is set using quality or price 
curve. Price curve is not necessarily a right way to position a product that I'm cheaper. 
Also, people tend to communicate through that we are superior quality XYZ attribute 
and things like that they might be using above the line spend such as keeping a unique 
salesperson on the ground, with large dealers there could be several tactics 
somebody can employ. So, I'm just trying to sort of be very curious that has there any 
narrative you have picked which says that there is something that you need to 
respond to or something like that? Because I would not probably assume that 
somebody is just using a cheaper card to have a foot in the door in the market. My 
sense is the game would be slightly more than that. And if that is something that 
you're picking up, especially above the line spends like that. 
Amit Syngle: So, overall, what we see is that I think there is definitely a lot of action 
with respect to as I said, the competition reaching a certain scale across the country. 
Looking at possibly spending on above the line, below the line in terms of looking at 
it. But in terms of the overall product story, it remains to be seen that is there a real 
value proposition which is coming out right now in terms of what they are specifically 
doing. Because at the moment there is no uniqueness in terms of what we see which 
is there from a point of view of either a product or a proposition currently. But as I said 
these are possibly early days, and we will have to see how it kind of really emerges. 
Amit Sachdeva: And your conservatism when you go to the next year, you are not 
really wanting to communicate that you will do a positive pricing growth, etc. 
Although there's a base that is very benign. So, is it because of that, that you want to 
keep that in your hand still that if required you need to respond and is that what is 
built into your conservatism even though theoretically, we can think tax breaks are 

36 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
coming and this is happening, one should feel more optimistic about it. But you are 
still, you know, keeping very cautious kind of pricing outlook. Is that what is inbuilt? 
Amit Syngle: So, I think the larger cautious optimism is with respect to the consumer 
demand we are not seeing. You know, very, very strong consumer demand flavours 
coming in the market as we see. And it is not only in our industry, but we also see it 
possibly across industries. And if you look at particularly the construction business, 
that area of new homes coming at a larger, mid lower segment. I think all across in 
terms of what we are seeing is definitely there is a little bit of a muted demand which 
is kind of coming in. And I think the whole kind of approach is based in terms of saying 
that unless the demand really comes back very, very strongly, there is only so much 
you can trigger in the environment as you kind of go ahead. 
Jaykumar Doshi (Kotak): First one is just a clarification on your earlier response to 
Avi's question. You indicated that you're expecting stress to continue for at least 
another 2 quarters. Did you also indicate that revenue decline would continue for 
another two quarters and then maybe you move to a single digit growth six months 
out. So, I'm not sure whether you also indicated that value decline will continue for 
two quarters, or you did not call that out? 
Amit Syngle: The attempt is very clearly that we should kind of really aim for single 
digit volume growth in terms of going forward. And I think it all depends on the urban 
centres, the kind of demand which emerges in terms of how value would kind of really 
come about to that extent. But I think the attempt is very clearly that we have logged 
in about, you know, 1.6% Q3 overall. So, going forward we would like to kind of really 
look at single digit volume growth, definitely happening and look at a better product 
mix so that we can get to a decent value growth. 

37 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jaykumar Doshi: On competitive pressure, over the last 6 to 9 months, do you think 
that, you know, now trade schemes, margin trade schemes, rebates, discounts have 
more or less stabilized or are you still seeing increase in competitive pressure or 
more discounting or trade schemes from the new entrant? 
Amit Syngle: So, what we see is, I think it's a dynamic game in terms of which is 
there and it kind of varies from region to region, town to town. So, I think in any 
marketing sales structure, you know, there is never a stability in terms of what you 
find for any kind of sales discounting. It is something which is dynamic. And as we 
see it, I think the agility there would kind of still remain as we go forward. Because it 
is very difficult to predict in terms of what one company will look at in terms of 
energizing the market in a very different way. So, I think it is very difficult to say that 
today it has reached a stage of stability in terms of where it is to that extent. 
Because if you want to kind of really garner anything, you will not mind possibly 
putting in even more money in terms of looking at going. Because at this moment 
possibly some of the players might not be worried about the bottom line. 
Sheela Rathi (Morgan Stanley): With respect to your comment around the B2B 
business, what kind of growth we are thinking of in this business? And is there a 
specific plan in terms of focus? And my question is more in context of where the 
trends could be over the next 12 months in this particular business? And what is the 
share of the B2B business now and where it could be? 
Amit Syngle: Going forward we see strong trends coming in B2B because today we 
see that there is a lot of Cap Ex which is coming into India, a lot of investment which 
is happening. And therefore, I think factories is a very important segment in terms of 
how we are seeing in terms of coming up. And that is something which we are 
looking at. 

38 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The second segment is government. I think that is also a strong segment in terms of 
what we are seeing where the government spendings are supposed to kind of now go 
up. This has this year has been slightly lesser given the fact that there was elections. 
And it's kind of really kicked off at a stage which we are seeing in Q3. So, I think that's 
another segment which is going to be big. Third, I think given the fact that today 
hospitality is a big segment in terms of what we are looking in terms of going forward . 
So, as we look at, I think our strategy is very clear. We want to kind of really 
concentrate with respect to some of these segments as part of the B2B business and 
look at even offering some kind of services which are strong so that we are able to 
hold this business going forward in a very big way. Today the segment would be 
somewhere in the range of about 16, 17% contribution. And we would definitely like 
to see that given the growth trajectory here, we have grown at very good numbers this 
year in Q2, and we would like to kind of have double-digit kind of growth numbers as 
far as the B2B business is concerned. 
Sheela Rathi: How is the competitive landscape in this particular segment? 
Amit Syngle: So, this segment I think has two aspects of it. One is an aspect which 
basically moves from a point of view of pricing and a credit game which is largely the 
builder segment which is there. And there is another segment which is on technical 
specifications which are there in terms of factories, government and so on, so forth. 
So, I think that's how basically these segments move. And therefore, I think in both 
the areas we look at one, in terms of the value proposition which we are able to offer 
rather than just a price and credit. And second, more technicality in terms of 
technology-led products in terms of what we can give which are specification led so 
that we are able to kind of garner a larger business here. 

39 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you for joining us today. Due to time constraints, those are all the 
questions we can take for today. I now hand over the call to Mr. Amit Syngle for his 
closing remarks. 
Amit Syngle: Thank you everyone for joining us for this investor conference for Q3 
FY25 results. It was good to interact with you. Hoping to see next time for the next 
quarter. Thank you. 
