4.
February L8,2025
Dear Sir / Madam,
Ref: Letter dated Februarv 13. 2025. providins Audio link of the Analvst / lnvestors Meet
Sub: Transcript of Analvst/ lnvestors Meet held on Thursdav. Februarv 13, 2025
ln addition to Audio Link shared via letter dated February 13,2025, please also find enclosed the
transcript of the Analysts/lnvestors Call on the Un-audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial
Results of Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited for the quarter ended December 3L, 2024, held on
February 1-3,2025.
You are requested to kindly take the same on record
Thanking you
Yours Sincerely,
For Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
Ashwini Saumil Shah
Company Secretary
Encl: As above
PRIVI SPECIALITY CHEMICALS LIMITED
Knowledge Cenlro & Regd.0lllce: Privi House, A-71, TTC, Thane Belapur Road, Near Kopar Khairane Railway Station,
NaviMumbai-400710.lndialTel.:+912268713200/33043500/33043600127783040127783041127783045
Fu: +91 2227783049I68713232| Email:enquiry@privi.co.in I Web:www.privi.com I CIN:Ll5140MH1985P1C286828
The Manager (CRD)
The BSE [imited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai- 400001
The Manager - Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of lndia Ltd
Exchange Plaza, Plot no,Cft, G Block,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai- 400 051
Scrip Code: 530117
Symbol: PRIVISCt
'ul
oo
SE
go
R]
ISO 9001 ;201 5
ISO 1 4001 ;201 5
ISO il500.l;2018
BUREAU VERITAS
Certilication
ASHWINI 
SAUMIL 
SHAH
Digitally signed by 
ASHWINI SAUMIL SHAH 
Date: 2025.02.18 
10:41:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited 
Q3 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 13th February 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHESH BABANI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – PRIVI SPECIALTY CHEMICALS LIMITED. 
 
MR. R.S. RAJAN – PRESIDENT – PRIVI SPECIALTY 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. NARAYAN S. IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PRIVI SPECIALTY CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV PATIL – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
STRATEGY – PRIVI SPECIALTY CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHRIKANT SANGANI – GROUP ACCOUNT HEAD 
 
 
 
- STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 and 9 Months FY '25 Conference Call 
of Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited. This conference may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company, 
as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that, this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shrikant Sangani, the Group Account Head from Strategic 
Growth Advisors Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Shrikant Sangani: 
Thank you, Alaric. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call. It gives me 
immense pleasure to welcome you all on the call backed by some good results posted by the 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited. 
 
On this call, we are joined by Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Mahesh Babani; Mr. R.S. 
Rajan, President; Mr. Narayan S. Iyer, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Sanjeev G. Patil, Senior 
Vice President, Strategy; and our SGA team, an IR Advisor. 
 
I hope that, everyone was able to review our financial results and investor presentation, which 
were uploaded on the stock exchange and on the company's website. The recording of today's 
earnings call and transcript will be uploaded on the company's website under IR section. 
 
The financial results, investor presentation, press release are also available on the website. Please 
note, there may be forward-looking statements during the course of the call and which must be 
viewed in aggregate with the risks that company faces. 
 
Mr. Mahesh Babani will provide an overview on the company. And post that, Mr. Narayan Iyer 
and Mr. Sanjeev Patil will take you through recent developments and operational and financial 
highlights. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Mahesh Babani, CMD, to give a quick overview on the company. 
Over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Babani: 
Thank you, and good evening to everyone. Despite the global headwinds, our company has 
emerged stronger in the current quarter and indeed throughout the financial year. 
 
We are happy to inform you that, we have achieved better margins driven by higher yields and 
better product mix. Going forward, we expect to continue and improve our time cycle, which 
will result in higher productivity. 
 
I'm very happy to inform that our company has achieved developed continuous processes for 
some key products, which will bring down the cost of production. Our company has been 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
working on enhancing the capacity of our flagship products with incremental capex. This is 
based on multiple customer inquiries for long-term tie-up for these products. 
 
Due to project work related to the capacity enhancement, we took a plant shutdown, which has 
resulted in slightly lower revenue for Q3, as compared to Q2. As part of our business expansion 
strategy, we have initiated dialogue with some of our competitors to work with them as co-
producers. Our company has streamlined the manufacturing of Galaxmusk, Prionyl and 
Camphor in which significant capex was done in the past 3 years. 
 
I'm also happy to inform that, we have significant demand to adequately take care of these 
product capacities. As we have informed you, we follow a proprietary process for manufacturing 
Prionyl. Based on the response received from the market, and the potential of this product, we 
have already increased this capacity too, which will be operational during the month of February. 
 
Our R&D continues to develop high-value products. And on the recent development on one of 
our new molecule, we are working on a specific building block, which will be made from a 
renewable feedstock. Several new products are being developed based on the renewable 
feedstock. 
 
In the last quarter, we announced the commissioning of a new greenfield products in partnership 
with Givaudan, to manufacture complex ingredients. We are on track to achieve commercial 
production. 
 
While ensuring growth, we are fully focused on sustainability. We are pleased to report a 
significant improvement in our CDP project score. Our current gold rating from EcoVadis, 
which underscores our proactive efforts in aligning with the global best practices, reducing our 
carbon footprint and enhancing our ESG disclosures. 
 
Our company is striving to further improve our rating in the coming years. Our company has 
increased its share of green power, thus making savings in cost, at the same time, strengthening 
our commitment to green energy. In closing, I will assure that our company is on track to deliver 
strong financials in coming quarters. 
 
Now, I hand over this to Mr. Narayan S. Iyer for recent developments and operational and 
financial highlights. Over to you, Narayan. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you, Mahesh-bhai, and good evening to all shareholders, investors, 
potential investors and stakeholders of Privi. The quarter gone by has reaffirmed our belief and 
commitment to all of you that Privi is set for a good growth and poised to deliver good profit 
margins. 
 
So giving you a detailed operational and financial highlights on the quarter 3 and the 9 months 
which have gone by. Our total income stood at around INR493 crores in the quarter 3, which is 
a growth of over 20% on a quarter-on-quarter basis compared to Q3 of '23-'24. 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
EBITDA was at INR115 crores, which is a growth of about 20%. EBITDA margin stood at 
around 23% for Q3 financial year 24-'25, and we expect to maintain similar EBITDA margins 
going forward in the near future. 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter was at around INR44 crores as against INR29 crores achieved in 
Q3 of financial year '24. Overall, the exports continues to contribute a good share of our revenue 
and in this quarter, it was at 69%. 
 
A broad synopsis of the 9-month financials that we have reported and which is there on our 
website and the stock exchanges. The overall total income stood at around INR1,493 crores, 
which is a growth of about 16% for the comparable period.  EBITDA achieved during this 
period is around INR327 crores, which is a growth of about 29% compared to the previous year 
same period. 
 
EBITDA margin stood at around 21.9% as against 19.6% achieved in last year's 9 months at the 
same time. And profit after tax for the period was around INR121 crores as against INR63 crores 
achieved in the previous period. Exports in this 9 months contributed to about 65%, and which 
is a very, very healthy financial numbers that we have posted upon. 
 
And with this, I would prima facie like to pause here and open the floor for further questions 
and answers. Over to the host and SGA to start the Q&A. Shrikant, all yours. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. The first question comes from the line of Sudhir Bheda from Bheda Family 
Office. Please go ahead.  
Sudhir Bheda: 
Congratulations on solid strong set of numbers, sir, in the given environment. Sir, my questions 
are like we have seen in Q3 that there is a good growth Y-o-Y, but slightly subdued kind of 
growth or degrowth slightly Q-on-Q. But however, margin has improved a lot, 150 basis point 
improvement in the margin Q-on-Q. So can you throw some light on this? 
Mahesh Babani: 
Sure. Thank you, Bhedaji.  We are in the process of enhancing capacity for our flagship products. 
But to do that, we had taken some planned shutdowns. And as a result, the overall volumes were 
lower, which has resulted into lower sales. And that's the reason for slight reduction in overall 
revenue for the quarter. But this is only a temporary thing, a planned thing. Going forward, all 
these efforts for expanding capacity will give you higher revenues and higher volumes to come 
back. 
Sanjeev Patil:                         As far as margins are concerned, as I said, we have improved the yields. We have also by making 
some of the process continuous, reduce the other costs, and that's why you see improved margins. 
Plus, our other products in terms of our product mix, it is in favor of higher-margin products, 
and that is what is causing the margins to improve between the quarter last year and this year. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
My second question is -- 
Sanjeev Patil: 
This particular margin also, we had some small benefit because of currency, which is what has 
pushed it to a level which is slightly higher than what it normally would be. So we had some 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
favorable currency and other benefits, which is what has resulted in this slightly higher than 
what the normal sustainable margin would be. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Sir, what is the outlook for FY '25-26? The kind of margin you have reported is sustainable and 
the growth which you have been reporting since many quarters, whether this kind of growth will 
continue? 
Mahesh Babani: 
We are very bullish that we will surely be able to maintain our original track record of minimum 
20% growth for the year 25-26. We are confident that we'll achieve this. Looking at the order 
book position, we are fairly confident we'll achieve this. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
And margin, sustainability of margins, because currently again... 
Mahesh Babani: 
We'll be able to maintain the margin or at least surely maintain this, if not improve this. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
That's a good news, sir. And you like operating the environment of contracts which you do, 
maybe long-term or short-term contracts for raw material as well as finished goods. So can you 
explain how this -- you have entered into the contract for the next year and how this kind of 
sales, which you are projecting 20%, 25% growth, seeing your contracts, whether it is achievable 
or how it will work as far as raw material and finished goods? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Sure. So as we explained all along, around 70% of our business is contracted business, and this 
is with large multinational companies, F&F companies as well as FMCG companies. They 
follow the calendar year. So the good news is that we have around 70% of our business, which 
has been already booked and which is what is giving us this confidence that we will be able to 
achieve our revenue numbers, what we have talked about. 
 
So -- and similarly, for raw materials, we have secured raw materials for the corresponding 
volumes of production, which is giving us confidence about the margins. So we are on a very 
good track, and that's how we see the whole year, and that's how Babani has confirmed that we 
will be achieving this growth. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
And sir, lastly, now our sales to the European region is almost 35%, 40%. And now we are 
looking for the new markets like Africa and also we are looking at India. So how do we see this 
market shaping up in the near future? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Yes. So the market within India as well as Africa, the per capita consumption there is so low 
that there are huge growth opportunities in both these segments in India and other parts of Asia 
as well as the African markets, we see significant growth there. And we see upward of 20% 
growth from these margins and 20% to 25% growth from Indian market as well as African 
markets. 
 
So we see significant growth here, and we are well placed to operate within these regions only. 
So we also have the logistic advantage of being within one of the fastest-growing economies of 
the world as well as being close to Africa where we can service the demand increasing Africa as 
well. 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Manan Madlani from KamayaKya Wealth 
Management. 
Manan Madlani: 
So my first question was since we revised our orders in the month of December and January. 
So, like what was the guidance from our customer side? What are the order book looks like? 
And did we -- so from any customer side, do we have any price revision? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Just now what Mr. Mahesh Babani stated, that we have good healthy order booking position for 
the calendar year '25. And the customer outlook has been very positive during the course of his 
various meetings along with the business development team. 
 
And we are very, very bullish as far as the calendar year and the year '25-'26 goes. A good 
healthy order booking position of 65% to 70% as we speak about. So that's why we are quite 
positive and bullish that our performance in the coming few quarters is also going to be healthy. 
Manan Madlani: 
Any price revision, sir? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes, there is a price increase ranging from various products between about 7%, 8% to close to 
about 10%. It depends on product to product. 
Manan Madlani: 
So it will be applicable from Q4 itself? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes, marginally quite a few of the sales of Q4 will have the new prices. 
Manan Madlani: 
Okay. And what's the update on the Camphor side of the business for pharma specifically? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
So we are in the process of shortlisting and supplying samples to the pharma companies, and 
we're trying to get there. We are completing a lot of other regulatory compliances, including 
preparation of drug master files and all that. So it is a long drawn process, which would be there. 
 
So FDA certification also is under progress and will take time to complete, of course. And in 
parallel, we have initiated dialogue with many pharma companies. So it's an ongoing process. 
You have to realize that getting through the U.S. FDA route is a very long-drawn process. But 
the longer you wait, the better will be the fruits. 
Manan Madlani: 
When you say 20% growth, you mean by volume growth or revenue growth?  
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes, it is the revenue growth that we are talking about. 
Manan Madlani: 
So, volume growth should be around 15% then? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Roughly around that. Yes. 
Manan Madlani: 
And sir, last question would be any update on the QIP side? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
So the short-term capex requirement would be met through internal accruals and debt. And the 
balance sheet is strong enough to support the additional borrowing. Fundraising may be planned 
in future based on how the requirement comes about. 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
 
As you can see yourself, the profitability is quite good and so is the cash flow. So therefore, we 
-- for the immediate requirement, we are doing the capex based on our internal accruals and 
debt. And we will take a call on the fund raise through QIP at an opportune time. 
Mahesh Babani: 
If need be. 
Manan Madlani: 
Last question. Are we still integrating Privi Fine Sciences in this financial year or it will take 
some time? 
Narayan Iyer: 
We will inform all stakeholders and shareholders at the appropriate time when it comes around 
that time. Currently, it is separate, and we are only talking about Privi Specialty Chemicals 
Limited as we are here. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nikhil Porwal from Perpetual Capital. 
Nikhil Porwal: 
Congratulations to the whole team for the continued execution, superb execution. The first 
question that I have is your gross profit margins are at all-time high in my opinion. I think you're 
just reached very close to 52%. However, other expenses have inched up significantly to around 
16% or in tonnage, it's come to INR72,000 per ton. That's a sharp increase from last year. 
Anything on what led to the significant increase on other expenses? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes. So Nikhil, in this particular quarter, because of certain strikes in U.S. in various ports and 
also due to uncertainty in the sea voyage that is happening around, quite a few of our customers 
had asked us to airlift a lot of material. Due to which in the other expenses, you see a little bit of 
increase. That's predominantly  on account of the air freight expenses that we have incurred. 
 
However, the same have been recovered from the customers, and that's why you also see that 
there is a marginal improvement in the raw material consumption as sales reported is higher to 
the extent of air freight expenses.. And it's a onetime addition to that because air freight is not 
that it is going to be on a continued basis or so. 
Nikhil Porwal: 
So I mean there's an impact on both revenue and other expenses. So if you eliminate that -- 
Narayan Iyer: 
Absolutely. 
Nikhil Porwal: 
The margins more or less would have been the same. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Perfect. Your analysis is absolutely correct. 
Nikhil Porwal: 
Next question is also in your initial comments, I think Maheshji mentioned about co-
manufacturing arrangements with competitors. So anything on what is that about? And what 
would be the quantum of that and for what products? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Listen, these are some extremely interesting opportunities. But please mind that we have already 
signed an NDA, we cannot be talking about this information about in public. In due course of 
time, you will, of course, get the good news, and it should always be disclosed to our dearest 
shareholders. But at the moment, we are at a very critical stage and sensitive stage. So therefore, 
we cannot be really discussing this. I appreciate your interest. Thank you. 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Nikhil Porwal: 
Capacity utilization as per reported capacity in this quarter on an annualized basis were already 
at 93%. Now with debottlenecking exercises coming in place, I think it will kick in, in the next 
couple of months. How do we look at the runway beyond FY '26 where larger capex would be 
required to support growth? 
Narayan Iyer: 
We are in the process of identifying and increasing our capacities. Apart from debottlenecking 
also, as mentioned in our previous call, we are looking at expanding some of our main products, 
the flagship products of the company. And of course, definitely, the manufacturing efficiencies 
are also being improved on a continuous basis. So these, along with the new product, which is 
being developed by the R&D is going to help Privi in this growth path beyond '26. 
Nikhil Porwal: 
So for these new products, have you already created the capacity because I am of the opinion, 
your capacity was at around close to 50,000 tons and you are sort of debottlenecking the CST a 
bit and also adding capacity to your flagship products. No idea about other products so far? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
So other products, we will be creating capacity. That's what we said that in terms of funding this 
capex, we said that the internal accruals and debt would be sufficient. So new products, we will 
be creating capacities. And you should take the overall capacity number with a lot of thought 
and not a pinch of salt, a lot of thought because there are products which sell from $3 to products 
which sell at $15, $75, $100 also. 
 
So numbers may not exactly give you the entire picture, but we are getting into some high value 
and specialty products going forward. So those capacities will be created in the due course of 
time in this financial year itself. 
Nikhil Porwal: 
One last question from me is, so what led to the decline in business in North America and rest 
of the world in this quarter? There was a year-on-year decline. Anything on that? 
Mahesh Babani: 
Maybe because of additional demand from other countries, we may have serviced it. But I don't 
think it's significant loss of business has been there. 
Nikhil Porwal: 
Okay. So it's rather rationing of capacity because you are running short of that. So trying -- 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Yes. You analyzed right.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Archit Joshi from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Archit Joshi: 
Firstly, congratulations on a very strong quarter and also for winning all these consequential 
accolades. I have just one question regarding the margins that have been improving quite 
significantly over the past 2 quarters. I recall Iyerji speaking of a margin range of somewhere 
between 18-20% at the beginning of the financial year, and we've now clocked a good 20% 
margin consistently. 
 
I just wanted to check if there is any pricing gain for a particular product maybe. I was tracking 
the Camphor index, which has risen quite a bit in the last 2-odd quarters. So if you could also 
share your outlook, if there is anything changing structurally with regards to any particular 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
product like a musk or a Camphor. And if this pricing that you're speaking of is by any chance 
sustainable at all? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Okay. So let's go step by step. First and foremost, there is no pricing effect, okay? As we have 
maintained that most of our products are sold under annual contracts. So the prices do remain 
the same. So there is nothing that has come from pricing effect. 
 
Largely, this is driven by 2 factors. First factor is the change in product mix. But don't let me 
give you out the name so that my competition as my customers wake up. But the change in 
product mix is one of the reasons why the profitability has improved and will remain improved. 
 
The second thing is a lot of internal steps that we are taking in terms of improving our 
efficiencies. We have improved the yields. We have reduced the consumption of power, steam. 
We're making plant sweat much better than what they were. So these are the factors which have 
been responsible, and that's why we feel the sales -- the trend is secular and it will continue going 
forward. 
Moderator: 
Does that answer your question, Archit? 
Archit Joshi: 
Yes, yes. I just have another follow-up. I was also seeing a decent enough traction being -- the 
traction largely in the musk and specialty revenue segment that we published in the investor 
presentation. Over the last 3 quarters, maybe I think that number has pretty much stayed in the 
same band. So would this be the product mix explanation that you were speaking of? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Yes, because it was product -- I mean, the musk and other specialties were on a low base. You 
would appreciate that. Individually, each product has grown, but it is on a low -- much lower 
base, and that is why you see its share going up. 
Archit Joshi: 
So musk, I'm assuming that this will be Galaxmusk and means that we probably must have 
ramped up quite well in that piece of the business? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Yes, yes. And we have not only Galaxmusk, but a few other products along with that like 
Indomarane. 
Archit Joshi: 
Just one last bit, if I can squeeze in. So your outlook on the Camphor industry, how we are placed 
in terms of demand and pricing growth, that would be very helpful. 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Yes. So Camphor, I think we will realize our advantage in this year and more. And it will 
continue to do full capacity in this financial year. So that's how we look at Camphor. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Congrats on a strong set of numbers. Sir, first question is on the Givaudan JV. So where are we 
currently? We started sometime in early October, if I'm not wrong, in terms of commercial 
production, in terms of acceptance of the products and ramping up of the facility towards maybe 
the multiple set of 40 products. So where are we currently? And what is the road map that we 
are looking at from FY '26, FY '27 perspective? 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Sure. So the commercial production has commenced for joint venture, okay? For the 
inauguration, we had a very senior team from Givaudan who had traveled to Mumbai to do the 
inauguration. The commercial production has begun. And ramp-up is on track. But you have to 
realize that these are complex products, and it takes its own time. So that's where it's on track. 
It's on what we had planned, it's on track. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So we are on track in terms of whatever commitments that we have earlier indicated in terms of 
revenue potential from this particular JV? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Yes. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, second question in terms of individual geographies, if you can just throw some light. I mean, 
we are obviously doing very well. But are there any factors which can be -- which may impact 
the momentum going forward, maybe it could be geopolitical issues or any other factors that can 
hamper the progress that we are seeing almost -- I mean, again, substantiate that we have 70% 
of contracted volumes or contracted business, which gives us visibility. 
 
But apart from that, the 30% which is non-contracted, whether there could be any potential issues 
in individual geographies. If you can just broadly give us a sense of that? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes. Rohit, broadly as was outlined, we are fairly confident and visible as far as the next few 
quarters are concerned with a good healthy order booking position that our Chairman and MD 
happened to mention for the year '25. We at 70% of orders being there, balance 30% is more or 
less in spot market and the Indian market. We feel the geopolitical situation may not hamper too 
much as we talk today, in fact. And we expect the growth to be in place. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just last couple of clarifications. One, I missed the 9-month exports number. Can you just tell 
me that? 
Narayan Iyer: 
9-month exports is about close to 65%, as I spoke about in my financial address. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. I just made that. And one last clarification in terms of the debottlenecking exercise that 
we are currently undergoing, what would be the incremental capacity that will be added to 
because of the debottlenecking? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
I can't give a number because then I'm putting across my capacities, but it is significant. We 
won't mention it otherwise. It is significant. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So that will take care of the volume growth for at least for the next 1 to 2 years, right? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Yes, of course. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vanshika Gupta from JRK Stock Broking. 
Vanshika Gupta: 
So sir, a couple of my questions have already been addressed. But coming to the raw material 
piece, I know 70% you said of your orders are confirmed, your raw materials are secured. So I 
won't be talking about it in the near term, but more in the medium term, the trade tariff that is 
being spoken about so globally with the U.S. and everything, do we sort of see some impact on 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
any of our products? Or is that something that -- if that something has been discussed without 
naming the product or raw material, but just a broad overview? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
So as far as raw material import is concerned, I don't think there is any change of tariff over 
there. The second thing that you must also realize is that we -- when about 70% of our products 
are exported and to that extent, the raw materials are also imported. So the Unit 2, where most 
of our manufacturing happens and other units also, we have the export benefit. So the duties 
don't really, to that extent, matter because whatever we -- for the Unit 2 is actually an exported 
unit, so one doesn't have to pay the duties. 
 
And as far as export is concerned, we are not -- we will not be so severely impacted by the -- if 
at all, there are any changes, those changes would be there for -- I think apart from India, it could 
be there on other countries also. So it's only -- it's relative. So I don't think differentially, we will 
be suffering against any other country. So we really don't foresee any challenges there. 
Vanshika Gupta: 
I just wanted to clarify. So essentially, if there is something that is put under trade tariffs, say we 
import it hypothetically from a country and export that product to U.S. we can simply pass on 
the cost of the tariff that is being put or something like that. That won't be an issue. That is what 
we're trying to conclude? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
No, I don't think we can make all those conclusions now. We'll face the situation as it comes. 
But as I said, differentially, there won't be any other country which is differentially benefited 
compared to what India -- where India is, so. 
Vanshika Gupta: 
And I have one last question on the capex. I know that you spoke about -- we won't be able to 
discuss what capex. If we can just broadly outline in terms of revenue crore, how much capex 
we estimate for '26-27 going forward in the next 1 or 2 years, that would be helpful. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes. So broadly, we are looking at a capex of around close to INR250 crores to INR300 crores 
in the coming 15 to 18 months or so in fact. So this -- will take care of all the debottlenecking, 
the capacities of increase in our flagship products and immediate new products of R&D and all 
that. 
Sanjeev Patil: 
One last thing. We are in a dynamic market. So whenever we see an opportunity, obviously, we 
will be capitalizing on that. So that will be sure. 
Vanshika Gupta: 
Yes. Sir, and one last follow-up. If the fixed asset turnover on your capex is approximately 1.5, 
most chemical companies have done that. Is it that? Is it higher? Is it lower? 
Narayan Iyer: 
It's around that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Raj Jain from Crystal Capital. 
Raj Jain: 
Do we plan to enter new geographies like South Asia market or China? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes, we do sell in these markets also. 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Raj Jain: 
And sir, one more is that also can you give me some color on new products which we are 
planning to commence in coming quarters and R&D spending, et cetera? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
No, it will -- I don't think we would like to awaken competition or other things in terms of giving 
out products, but we can only say that these are the products that we are getting into are unique 
products, and they are high value, obviously high-margin products. But giving names is 
sensitive. I think you will appreciate what happens. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nikhil Porwal from Perpetual Capital. 
Nikhil Porwal: 
One question is around debt level end of Q3. Anything on where was the debt at Q3? 
Narayan Iyer: 
We are maintaining our levels much below what we had stated and indicated to you close to -- 
so about INR1,000-odd crores or so. 
Nikhil Porwal: 
And on the working capital cycle, as the company is looking at continuous process, I assume the 
cycle will reduce. And anything on where do we see that cycle in maybe FY '26, '27? 
Narayan Iyer: 
As indicated earlier by -- with all the continuous process and all expansions having come in 
place, the ideal level of working capital cycle should be around 125 to 135 days. So we maintain 
that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vinay Nagori from Fintegrity Wealth. 
Vinay Nagori: 
Just wanted to understand, so I joined the conference a little late. So I may have missed this, but 
just wanted to understand what new capex are coming live in the Q4? So the Givaudan JV? And 
what other products are we getting into? And when will the capacity ramp up until when we can 
expect a decent capacity -- sorry, decent capacity utilization for that? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
For PRIGIV you're talking about? 
Vinay Nagori: 
Yes, PRIGIV plus Prionyl also, Prionyl and Amber Woody Xtreme we are coming up? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Yes. So let's talk about the JV first. I answered that question earlier that at Prigiv   –water ttriials 
have started  and the commercial production is ready to commence, and it is on track to achieve 
the numbers what we have spoken about. That's about the JV. 
 
As far as the 2 product names that we mentioned about Prionyl as well as Amber Woody Xtreme. 
So there, again, we are absolutely on track in terms of achieving those volumes. Capacities have 
been set up and volumes are on track. 
Vinay Nagori: 
So the capacities have commenced for that as well, production has commenced? And also, what 
are the margins for these products? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
If I start telling you margin, so margins are, what should I say, healthy. So that's about it. We 
cannot be commenting more than that. But obviously, we cannot get into a product unless we 
see margin there. So -- but for margins, we always look internal. 

 
 
Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Vinay Nagori: 
And sir, one more thing. Just wanted to understand, so the INR250 crores, we've got a plan of 
INR250 crores capacity expansion over the next 15 to 18 months. So, is this something new or 
because we had mentioned the plan for menthol and other products. So that is going to come? 
Or is that going to come? Or is this something new? 
Narayan Iyer: 
This is -- you missed this point also, our Chairman and Managing Director and myself, we had 
addressed this, stating that these are all basically increase in the capacities of all our flagship 
products, certain debottlenecking, certain improvements, better manufacturing efficiencies. 
 
So for all of these to see the growth prima facie basis the various customer requirement and the 
product being looked for increase in the growth we are going ahead with the capex expansion 
for these. Those new products will come in time and for which we have already applied for the 
EC and the permissions, etc.. That will be the next phase of expansion. So this expansion that 
we are talking about of INR250 crores, INR300 crores capex is prima facie to increase all our 
existing products and a few new products. 
Vinay Nagori: 
And just now for the new capex, it will be from internal accruals itself or we'll be looking at debt 
as well? 
Narayan Iyer: 
It will be a mix of internal accruals and debt. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Shrikant Sangani for the closing comments. 
Shrikant Sangani: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us on this earnings call. We appreciate the time and interest 
shown in the  company. Also would like to thank the management team for their precious time. 
In case of any queries, you can get in touch with us or Privi team on their e-mail ID 
investors@privi.co.in. We look forward to meet you all over the next call. Thank you. 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Thank you so much. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Thank you everyone. 
Mahesh Babani: 
Thank you. Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, gentlemen. On behalf of Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited, that concludes this 
conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
