 
 
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     February 14, 2025                     
National Stock Exchange of lndia Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza 
C-1, Block G Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Through: NEAPS 
Through: BSE Listing Centre 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of the analyst conference meet - financial results for the quarter ended 
December 31, 2024 
    
NSE Scrip Code : ELGIEQUIP / BSE Scrip Code : 522074 
 
In continuation to our letters dated January 21, 2025 and February 11, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Analyst Conference Meet 
held on Tuesday, February 11, 2025, at 10.00 AM (IST). 
 
The aforesaid information is also being made available on the Company’s website viz., 
www.elgi.com.  
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Elgi Equipments Limited 
 
 
 
Devika Sathyanarayana 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
  
DEVIKA 
SATHYAN
ARAYANA
Digitally signed by 
DEVIKA 
SATHYANARAYANA 
Date: 2025.02.14 
10:27:47 +05'30'

Q3 2024-25 – EARNINGS CALL 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIRAM VARADARAJ – MANAGING DIRECTOR. 
MODERATOR: MR. KAMLESH KOTAK – ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: Welcome to ELGI Equipments 3Q&FY25, 9 months earnings call hosted by Asian 
Market SecuriƟes. We have pleasure inviƟng Mr. Jairam Varadaraj, Managing Director 
represenƟng the company. I request Mr. Jairam to take us to the presentaƟon giving an overview 
of the ﬁnancial performance and then we shall begin the Q and A session. Over to you, sir. Thank 
you. 
MANAGEMENT: Thank you, Kamlesh. Good morning everyone. Pleasure to be with you. I will 
spend the ﬁrst few moments reconciling our performance relaƟve to the past year and then give 
you a general overview of the business and then open it up for quesƟons. So, let me go straight 
into the EBITDA reconciliaƟon for the third quarter of the current year. So, it looks like it's a 
disappoinƟng quarter, but I would like to explain this to you. There's been a large increase in ﬁxed 
cost to the extent of 15% and that's primarily one-Ɵme expenses. There was an increase in 
transport costs because of the Red Sea problems and all that, but they are beginning to taper oﬀ. 
So, I don't expect that to be a conƟnuing issue. We had some issues with warranty provisioning. 
It is also one Ɵme. So, most of the increases that we are talking about are one Ɵme. So that's one 
part of it. So, I'm quite conﬁdent that going forward we will be reasonably good as far as the sales 
growth is concerned, we lost a bit of revenue because the GST portal went down in the last 4, 5 
days of December. So, we lost a bit of revenue and the cutoﬀ, we couldn't. We had the invoices 
ready but we couldn't ship. And as a consequence the revenue fell over to January. In addiƟon to 
that, we had some sluggish performance in portables across the world. Waterville in India as well 
as the portable business in Europe, Australia and the US ParƟcularly in the US we had a steep fall 
in the portable business in the third quarter compared to the third quarter of last year. So we are. 
The growth in our fundamental businesses have been quite posiƟve. So, this is not any concern 
for me at this point in Ɵme. Moving forward, just as a sales highlight, we have grown in every 
region, I would say even North America, because North America had the portable losses because 
of. And the portable business. It's an infrastructure issue and over-all the markets are down by 
almost 40, 45%. So, the industrial business in North America has done well. It's grown. And our 
distribuƟon business, which had issues because of our ERP, it's, we are well past that. It's behind 
us and it's beginning to grow. So, all the regions have grown except Australia where the markets 
are quite sluggish at the moment. Moving on. So, this is a snapshot. Revenue has grown by 3% 
whereas our PBT is lower for the reasons that I explained to you. 

Compressors conƟnue to remain the largest. The raƟo between automoƟve and compressors 
remains the almost the same. Similarly, India versus the rest of the world, the split in our 
compressor business remains almost the same. So, if you look at the consolidated ﬁnancials, the 
PAT is beƩer than last year. I mean, sorry, slightly lower than last year, but year to date we are sƟll 
beƩer than last year. And we hope and we are very conﬁdent that we will have a very strong 
fourth quarter. Moving on. Our cash posiƟon has been extremely strong this quarter and it will 
conƟnue to grow. We have got put, we have put some very strong controls over our working 
capital, primarily our inventory which went a liƩle out of control post the COVID Post the Red Sea 
issues. There was a lot of chaos. 
We couldn't get the right raƟos of inventory planning. All that is now beginning to get reined in. 
So, we expect in the third quarter, I mean the fourth quarter, the cash posiƟon would be even 
beƩer. I would like to talk about two developments in the company which are preƩy signiﬁcant 
and then we'll open up for quesƟons. One is a revoluƟonary new technology that we have 
launched. We hope the products will start coming out to the market within the month India and 
within the next six months globally. So, this is a revoluƟonary technology, and I will try my best to 
explain it in as simple terms as possible. So, if you look at a typical compressed air system, on the 
leŌ-hand side you see the compressor and the pressure vessel that acts as a buﬀer. 
And on the right-hand side you see various user equipments that have diﬀerent levels of demand. 
You know, just visualize, it's like a air condiƟoner. When more people are in the room, the air 
condiƟoner comes on and when the temperature starts dropping, that air condiƟoner cuts oﬀ. 
So, it's very similar to compressed air. Various equipments will come on and oﬀ in terms of the 
demand for air compressor. So, this is how it typically works. So, what happens when you have a 
ﬁxed speed compressor? The demand will ﬂuctuate like this. So, the machine will cut in, cut out, 
cut in and cut out. So, this causes a lot of instability that has an impact on the energy eﬃciency 
of the compressor as well as the quality of the machine. 
So today we supply a compressor with a variable frequency drive which is like an inverter the 
inverter, AC’s. But that also is not without its own instability. It does have instability because it 
speeds up and speeds down, but more importantly, it's 30% more expensive. And there are 
reliability issues on the electrical. So, what have we done? Our technology is preƩy simple, but 
very deep at a science level. We recirculate the air and recover. So, what happens is the 
compressor works constantly at the same speed, but the demand, the ﬂow to the customer or 
the end applicaƟon varies depending upon what the actual demand is. So, this is the real 
innovaƟve part of it. 
And, and this is accomplished by having a system which has two valves and our own controller 
that controls these valves where we recover excess air which is not required and recirculate it 
into the system. Thereby we save a lot of energy, and the machine is stable. So, the net result of 

that. Right. So, if you look at a ﬁxed speed compressor, a compressor with VFD and what we call 
as our stabilizer, if you see it, there is absolutely ﬂat operaƟon. The reliability and the energy 
eﬃciency goes up preƩy signiﬁcantly. So, this is an actual ﬁeld condiƟon where we had installed 
the machine. These were the kinds of hourly ﬂuctuaƟons that were happening before we installed 
our system. And this is the ﬂat thing that happened aŌer we installed with this parƟcular 
customer. So, this is the tesƟmonial from the customer which is preƩy dramaƟc. 
So, the customer is saving close to 4 lakhs and this compressor itself is going, it'll cost maybe 
about 7 and a half lakhs. So, in two years with just this device, the customer will get the money 
back on the enƟre compressor in two years’ Ɵme. And so, this is quite a powerful technology that 
we have launched. The second one is we've been talking about the lower Ɵer, low-cost 
compressors coming from China and our plan to develop it. We have developed a range of 
machines and in the next ﬁnancial year we will be launching them. They are far more reliable than 
the Chinese machines and extremely compeƟƟve from a cost point of view and far beƩer in 
performance in terms of eﬃciency. So, these two changes and shiŌs in product and technology is 
going to be a preƩy signiﬁcant game changer for us. 
So I wanted to share these two before we open up for quesƟons. So thank you again for your 
paƟence. Thank you very much for being present. Now we can talk about any quesƟons that you 
may have. 
MODERATOR: Sure. Thank you. Jayaram Sir. ParƟcipants, please use the raise hand opƟon or you 
may drop your quesƟon in the Q and A box. We'll wait for the queue to assemble for a couple of 
minutes and then we'll probably take the ﬁrst quesƟon. 
MODERATOR: So, ﬁrst quesƟon we have is from the line of Mr. Harshit Patel. Harshit, you may 
unmute yourself and go ahead with your quesƟon. 
HARSHIT PATEL: Hi, thank you very much for the opportunity, sir. So, my ﬁrst quesƟon is on our 
US and Europe markets. I think despite the macroeconomic challenges in Europe, we have sƟll 
posted a very decent top line growth over there. So what is enabling this? And second, are we on 
track to break even in both these geographies in FY26? I think Europe we will break even for the 
ﬁrst Ɵme in this new expansion plan and were supposed to again turn proﬁtable in the North 
American market. So, if you could update us on this please. 
MANAGEMENT: So Harshit, thank you so much for the quesƟon. Yes, the economy in Europe has 
been challenging for a long Ɵme but things are slowly, I think it hit the boƩom and it's slowly 
coming back. That's one reason why we are growing. The second reason is we have created a lot 
more focus in our go to market. There is very deliberate acƟons being taken to idenƟfy very strong 
distributors. We have brought potenƟal channel partners to our plant, showed them what we are 
capable of doing. So, there has been overall deliberate steps that we have been, we are doing and 

we will conƟnue to do to grow the business, grow our share in the business. So that's one part of 
what, that's the reason why we are growing. Yes, we are on our on track to break even this year. 
So, I'm not very concerned about it. It was a concern last year, but this year I'm not concerned 
about it. As far as North America is concerned, like I explained to you, all our businesses are doing 
well in terms of growth and proﬁtability except our portable business. Now the portable business 
is a very infrastructure related. It's extremely cyclical. If you look at it two years ago, last year and 
the year before, we had some record revenues in our portable business. And as a consequence, 
both Rotair, which is a supplier for our portable business in the US and the US portable business 
did exceedingly well. Now the market is down about 30, 40%. So correspondingly our revenues 
have come down too. So that barring that, I think all our businesses are doing well. 
HARSHIT PATEL: So, sir this portables business in the North America, what percentage of our 
North American revenues it would be. 
MANAGEMENT: Portable business would be in a peak Ɵme was close to, let me guess, trying to 
think close to about 20%, 15 to 20% of our revenue and today it is probably less than 10. 
HARSHIT PATEL: Understood. But then combining all three businesses, portables, distribuƟon as 
well as industrials in US we will sƟll make some proﬁts this year. Would that be right? 
Understanding? 
MANAGEMENT: No, we will probably just break even. 
HARSHIT PATEL: Okay, so my second quesƟon is, could you highlight how our market share has 
progressed in various categories in the domesƟc market in the last three to four years? So how in 
reciprocaƟng screw, both oil free as well as oil lubricated and centrifugal. So, which are the 
categories where we have gained over the compeƟƟon, where we are stable and if at all we have 
seeded some ground in some of the categories. So, if you could highlight all these aspects, that 
will be very helpful. 
MANAGEMENT: So, I don't want to give very speciﬁc numbers, but I can give you direcƟonally 
something. As far as Recipe is concerned, it is a very commodiƟzed business. So, we have not 
increased any share, nor have we lost anything. So, we are just kind of holding our share in that 
business. But there is a huge number of unorganized players. When we are really evaluaƟng what 
our strategy should be to be able to get and be a signiﬁcant player, then we are not ready yet. As 
far as the screw compressor market is concerned, if you take the boƩom Ɵer, which is really the 
very low-cost imports from Chinese, if you exclude that our market share has grown here this 
year, if you include that in the total market, our market share actually has dropped. 

MANAGEMENT: Right now with the new product that we are bringing in, we will be able to enter 
the boƩom of the pyramid and we will be able to grow our share of the overall business. Oil free. 
We conƟnue to hold our share india Centrifugal, we are hardly a signiﬁcant player. 
HARSHIT PATEL: I believe we had a Ɵe up with the Korean company and our machines were in 
the ﬁeld tesƟng. So, any progress on that by when we can expect launching our own machines in 
this area  
MANAGEMENT: Strategically launching our own machine is not a priority. We have other 
products like vacuum that we are focusing on. Once we are able to, once we get to the ﬁnish up 
the other prioriƟes, we'll get there. In the meanƟme, we will conƟnue to partner with Hanwha.  
HARSHIT PATEL: Understood, perfect. Thank you very much sir for answering all my quesƟons 
and I'll get back in there. 
MODERATOR: Thank you Harshit. Sir, next quesƟon. Next quesƟon is from the line of Mr. 
Chaitanya. Chaitanya, you may unmute yourself and go ahead with your quesƟon. 
CHAITANYA: Hello. Thank you, sir. Good morning. My quesƟon is on the. Am I audible? 
MODERATOR: Yeah, you are audible? 
CHAITANYA: Yeah. Okay, so my quesƟon is on the aŌer-sales market share, I think 15%, if my 
numbers are correct, 15% to 20% of our business is from the aŌer sales business that we provide. 
So, any indicaƟon on when are we expecƟng to increase that, if at all? And I think margin also in 
that front will be helpful. 
MANAGEMENT: So, our aŌer-share aŌermarket share India is quite healthy. There is opportunity 
for maybe a couple of more percentage growth so that we conƟnue to do our aŌermarket 
percentage outside of India is as a percentage is very low. And that's normal because aŌermarket 
as a percentage of revenue grows only when your installed base becomes a certain size. And we 
are beginning to build that size, and we are growing the aŌermarket year on year. But you will 
not see that 30%, 35% Ɵll such Ɵme the install base has become quite large. 
CHAITANYA: So, any indicaƟon on when that can happen for like three to ﬁve years down the 
road. 
MANAGEMENT: So, you can't predict it because you have to look at growth of market share of 
the product. Right, okay. And it will conƟnue to grow along with that. 
CHAITANYA: Okay, got it. Also, in the recent one of the arƟcle, I read that you guys are targeƟng 
to be one of the top three players in the world by the next 10 years. So, what our strategy in that 
terms that any parƟcular product focus as we all know that on the R&D friend, ELGi is very high 

and very focused. But on that front also if any roadmap, sort of what are the thoughts in terms 
of the increasing that market share? 
MANAGEMENT: So, you know our strategy is on products and markets. We are focusing on 
lubricated pistons, lubricated screw and oil free screw as strategic focus for growing the business. 
And we are focusing on key geographies which is Australia, Indonesia, Thailand, India, Europe and 
the US or North America. So, these are the markets where we are strategically focusing. What we 
mean by that is disproporƟonately allocaƟng our Ɵme and resources in these markets for these 
three product categories. So that's really our strategy. So, if you look at our investment in 
technology, what I just explained to you, both the products, both the technologies and both the 
technology as well as the product, it is pertaining to rotary screw compressors. 
MANAGEMENT: So, if you look at the markets that we are talking about and the products that we 
are talking about, they will consƟtute close to 60% of the overall opportunity worldwide. Right. 
So that's a preƩy-signiﬁcant opportunity and we are focused on that.  
CHAITANYA: Got it, Got it. Thanks. Also, is there any impact of the new tariﬀ region that's going 
on in the US if at all, are we in any kind exposed. Exposed to that parƟcular event that's going on? 
MANAGEMENT: Sorry, I didn't get your quesƟon. 
CHAITANYA: The Current U. S. AdministraƟon. AŌer coming up to Trump, there has been an 
increase in a tariﬀ across the, you know, mulƟple industries on. So, are we as an industry or 
company, do we fall in that parƟcular category in any way as of now.  
MANAGEMENT: Even during the earlier regime, Trump regime, when there were duƟes imposed, 
compressors were not in that category. So, we don't expect it. So even if it comes, those are 
business challenges. Those are not going to be game changers, yeah. 
CHAITANYA: Got it. Understood. 
MANAGEMENT: So, we got to understand something. Even if 10% there is a tariﬀ increase, our 
rupee has depreciated by 10% as well. Right. It's not a one-sided kind of a thing. It's a larger, you 
know, mulƟple factors involved. Yeah. 
CHAITANYA: Okay, got it. Thank you. Thank you so much for taking my quesƟon. 
MANAGEMENT: Thank you. 
MODERATOR: Thank you. Chaitanya, Next quesƟon we have is from the line of Ritvik. Hi Ritvik, 
you may go ahead with your quesƟon. 
RITVIK: Yeah. Hi, Good morning sir. Yeah, so a few quesƟons. So ﬁrstly, you menƟoned one oﬀ 
expenses in Q3. Rs. 4 crores and 18 crores. So safe to say that majority of this is non-recurring. 

MANAGEMENT: Yes. So, I said transport is one area where there was a signiﬁcant increase 
primarily because were catching up on some inventory shorƞalls and as a concept and combined 
with that Red Sea related increase in transport costs. But they are coming down and with our 
cuƫng back on our inventory down to normal levels, our shipments also are going to be less. So, 
I don't expect that to conƟnue. Rick, I told you warranty provisioning was done. That is a 
accounƟng provisioning that had to be done. So that is there and a few other things that are all 
one Ɵme nothing that is of signiﬁcance. 
RITVIK: All right, got it, thank you. And the second quesƟon is on the stabilizer opportunity that 
you menƟoned. You know, is there any product like this in the market or this is an innovaƟon by. 
MANAGEMENT: It's nothing. This is the ﬁrst Ɵme we've got a patent which is global.  
RITVIK: Wow. Okay. So globally there is no products like this. 
MANAGEMENT: No.  
RITVIK: Okay. And you menƟoned that there will be savings of 4 lakhs per annum. So that would 
be on the power cost, or the complete savings would be on the power cost.  
MANAGEMENT: This is purely power cost. But there are a whole host of other savings that are 
there. We have not really listed that out, but this is something that the customers actually 
experienced.  
RITVIK: Okay. And how many pilot tesƟng you would have done for this? 
MANAGEMENT: So, far we've done a few hundred machines and plus few thousands of hours in 
our own factory.  
RITVIK: Got it. And what would be the cost of this stabilizer. 
MANAGEMENT: I don't want to talk speciﬁcs but let's say if the variable frequency drive is 100, 
this will be ﬁve.  
RITVIK: Okay. And sorry, just few quesƟons on this. So, can we sell the stabilizer to our exisƟng 
installed base?  
MANAGEMENT: Yes, there are two versions of the stabilizer. There is a light version and a heavy 
version. The heavy version has to be ﬁƩed from the factory, but we can give a kit for retroﬁtment. 
Whereas a light version can be ﬁƩed on the ﬁeld as well. And the light version can be ﬁƩed even 
in compeƟtors.  
RITVIK: Okay. Oh wow. Okay. So, sir, what kind of opportunity opens up and you know what is. 
MANAGEMENT: Hello?  

RITVIK: Yes, Am I audible?  
MANAGEMENT: Hello?  
RITVIK: Yeah, am I audible? 
MANAGEMENT: Sir? Ritvik? 
RITVIK: Yeah sir, am I audible? 
RITVIK:  Kamlesh, can you hear me? 
MODERATOR: Jairam. Sir, we can hear you. We can hear Ritwik as well. 
MODERATOR: Hello? Go ahead sir, we can hear you. 
RITVIK:  Yeah, Sir, I can hear you. Can you. Are you able to hear me? 
MANAGEMENT: Hello? Hello? 
RITVIK: Sir, you can hear me? 
MODERATOR: Yeah, yeah, he can hear you. 
MODERATOR: Yeah, yeah, go ahead. Yeah, yeah. So. 
RITVIK: So, when we are taking this product. 
MANAGEMENT: Can you hear me? 
MODERATOR: I think there is some problem with your audio. 
MODERATOR: I think. Hello? Hello? Hello, can you hear me? Yes sir, we can hear. 
MODERATOR: Yes sir. Yes sir. Yeah.  
MANAGEMENT: Sorry. Yeah,  
RITVIK: Yeah. So on this stabilizer, when we are taking it to the customer, what kind of feedback 
are we geƫng in terms of installaƟon and what kind of conversions are we seeing? 
MANAGEMENT: No, not we like we just launched a technology Ritvik. We haven't got the product 
out on a regular basis. Like I said, within the next one month is when we'll be puƫng it into the 
ﬁeld. 
RITVIK: Okay, so what kind of market opportunity size this opens up? Because you menƟoned 6, 
7 Lakhs. 

MANAGEMENT: So right now if you look at it, 25 to 30%. In India, I'm speaking 25 to 30% of the 
compressors are VFT. 65 to 70% of the customers want the advantages or the energy saving of a 
VFT. But they don't want to make that investment because they have to spend 30% more. Now 
that enƟre 75% is a huge opportunity for us to present signiﬁcant savings in energy cost. Right? 
Where you recover the cost of the compressor itself. Not just the investment in the device, the 
cost of the compressor itself. You get back in a couple of years. So that's huge. Yeah, right.  
RITVIK: Right. This. This is interesƟng. Okay sir, I have few more quesƟons. I'll get back in the 
queue. Yeah, thank you sir. 
MODERATOR: Yeah. So next quesƟon we have is from the line of Manish, you can unmute yourself 
and go ahead with your quesƟon. Manish. 
MANISH: Yeah. Yes, very good morning, sir. Hope you're doing well. 
MANAGEMENT: I'm well, thank you. 
MANISH: Yes, a couple of quesƟons ﬁrst on the low-end compressor, which you were referring to, 
which probably is seeing a lot of compeƟƟon or a lot of inputs from China. If you can just provide 
perspecƟve as to what could be the size in terms of volume and the value which probably is 
geƫng disrupted in terms of market opportuniƟes. 
MANAGEMENT: So, we believe that the total market size at the low end from the Chinese is about 
6 to 7,000 machines a year India. Yeah. And the market, the volume, the value wise, it's very 
diﬃcult to make an esƟmate. But roughly I would say it's about, each machine is probably around 
2 and a half, 3 less. So about 200 crores is the size of that market. Right. We're not playing in that 
market. Yeah. So, for us to aspire to get 50, 60 crores is not unrealisƟc. Yeah. So that's only one 
part of the story. The other part of the story is there is a general shiŌ globally for low kilowaƩs 
machines. This, you know what I'm talking about, this, 6,000 machines that are coming into India 
are all low kilowaƩs. They are not the high kilowaƩ machines. They're all lower than 30, 37 
kilowaƩ in that, it's in that range. But we are also seeing a global paƩern of customers wanƟng to 
shiŌ to lower kilowaƩ on lower kilowaƩ machines to cheaper machines. Not really worried about 
energy eﬃciency. Now these are all low duty cycle applicaƟons where customers don't want to 
pay a premium. Now this product that we have made is a global product. It is not just an India 
product. The cerƟﬁcaƟons, the standards, this can be sold anywhere in the world. So we are 
building a much larger opportunity for the future. 
MANISH: So how cheap would it be? Like say today if you would have a product and if China, if 
there are inputs from China, how cheaper would it be? And in terms of performance wise also 
that also maƩers. 

MANAGEMENT: From a cost point of view, it's about 40, 45% lower cost. And from a performance 
point of view, it's about 15 lower in speciﬁc eﬃciency.  
MANISH: Right. And, and in India, like typically where would this applicaƟon, you did menƟon 
that low duty cycle applicaƟon, but in typically like which industries or which market it cuts across. 
MANAGEMENT: It cuts across all. It is not speciﬁc to certain industry. Let's say there is a, you 
typically, if you look at it, a spinning mill, which is large, 25,000, 30,000, 50,000 spindles will look 
for eﬃcient machine. But let's say there is a spinning unit which has got 4,000 or 5,000 spindles. 
Right. They are, they are more capital start. And they are not worried about this addiƟonal cost 
of energy because their overall cost is low, because it's only 5,000. So, it's not just one industry, 
but it cuts across certain. A characterisƟc segment across all industries. Yeah.  
MANISH: Okay. Okay. And sir, on our new product, on the stabilizer, like what. What could be say, 
like if exisƟng machine, exisƟng compressors need to get retroﬁƩed. And so, what could be like 
Ɵme involved and potenƟal cost incurred for. And what would be the downƟme? So, is it worth 
for that someone who's operaƟng on a daily basis to properly take this retroﬁƩment and do it? 
That was the ﬁrst quesƟon. And like, what would be the potenƟally market opportunity you see 
for you in next three to four years? 
MANAGEMENT: So, in terms of retroﬁƫng in the ﬁeld, it's only a few hours. It won't take more 
than that. Yeah, I'm talking about retroﬁƫng the heavy version, which means there is a big 
signiﬁcant removal of our errand and ﬁtment of a new errand. Right. So that's a few hours of 
work. So, it's not a big downƟme. The retroﬁƫng of the light version will be probably less than 
an hour. Right. So that's from a downƟme point of view. From a cost point of view, it depends on 
the size of the machine. Right. Smaller the machine, lesser the cost, larger the machine, more the 
cost. So, I don't have one number to give you. It says this will be the cost. So if it's a 22 kilowaƩ 
will be diﬀerent, 45 kilowaƩ will be diﬀerent. But the point here that you need to understand is 
for a new machine, the, compared to a VFT, if VFT costs 100 more, this will cost 5 for a new 
applicaƟon across this. This logic applies for all kilowaƩs. But for retroﬁt, you can't apply the same 
logic because we are removing a big part of one part of the compressor and ﬁƫng another one. 
Yeah. And as far as the opportunity is concerned, like I said, if you take a total market size of 
30,000 or 35,000 compressors, india, only 7, only 25% are VFT. Right. So so close to 22, 23,000 
machines are running without VFT because the customer doesn't want to pay that money for the 
addiƟonal money, which is 30% of the cost of the compressor. Now what we are going to give is 
a fracƟon of the cost. But the same funcƟonality. Not only the same funcƟonality but a reliability 
factor which is night and day diﬀerence diﬀerent. Yeah.  
MANISH: Okay.  
MANAGEMENT: So, this is a huge value proposiƟon for the customer.  

MANISH: And sir, on other expenses. Sorry, I probably missed that earlier. This Rs. 4 crores was 
pertaining to freight one Ɵme and 18 crores was for warranty. Am I right?  
MANAGEMENT: It is what Transport is about 5 crores and warranty is about 2 crores. Yeah. 
MANISH: Oh okay. 
MANAGEMENT: Then there is a whole host of small things like building repair and maintenance 
which are all. You know, it is a Ɵming issue. Right. It's not something that is going to get repeated. 
You know. 
MANISH: And you did menƟon in your iniƟal remarks just last month this would be the. Yeah. 
MODERATOR: Manish. This would be your last quesƟon. 
MANISH: Sure, I'll come back. Yeah. How much sales we would have missed because of downƟme 
of the GST portal? 
MANAGEMENT: It has lost about, I think about 150 million. 15 crores.  
MANISH: Okay. Okay. Thank you sir. I'll come back. 
MODERATOR: Thank you. Manish, next quesƟon we have is from the line of Mr. Bhavin Vetlani 
Bhavin. You may unmute yourself and go ahead with your quesƟon. 
BHAVIN: Good morning, Jay. 
MANAGEMENT: Hi Bhavin, how are you? 
BHAVIN: Very well, thank you. Hope all well at your end? 
MANAGEMENT: All good, thank you. 
BHAVIN: So this quesƟon is more on the India market and were just adding the revenues of all 
the India players and ELGi India revenue and we saw from 2019 to now it's gone up from about 6 
or thousand crores to 11,000 crores. This includes services. What I want to understand is some of 
the market internals. How are you seeing the share of oil free move up within that, how has ELGi 
moved up in terms of market share for the oil free? How has the centrifugal move up and within 
that, how has ELGi moved up in centrifugal? Because I think the Chinese is something whereas 
you come as your company graduates, I think that's something you'll have to leave it and the 
focus has to be in the higher margin products like oil free centrifugal, etc. So just want to get the 
perspecƟve a liƩle bit on the higher level on the market size and how is ELGi been able to capture 
incremental market on a slightly longer last ﬁve-year basis. 
MANAGEMENT: So let me take it category wise. So, if you look at oil lubricated screw, let me start 
there. Oil lubricated screw compressors, there are two segments, the premium segment and then 

there is the discount segment where the Chinese are playing now. If you take the combined 
market share, we have lost market but primarily because of the low end in the premium segment 
we have held our market share. But in this year, we have grown it. Right. And we hope that we 
are conﬁdent that we will conƟnue to grow it in the coming years. Not only because of our new 
technologies that I talked about a stabilizer but also because our enhanced go to market presence 
and strategy. So that's on the lubricated stuﬀ. Now in the lubricated stuﬀ we believe we have a 
lot of depth in experƟse of compressors. So, we can't just say oh, the Chinese are coming in with 
cheap machines and therefore we should vacate that space. We need to use our technology and 
our capability to come up with a product which at a quality level is at an ELGi standard. But from 
a price point of view to a customer's expectaƟon, from a Chinese machine performance also to 
ELGi standard. Now it took us about a year and a half to engineer that soluƟon. Now when we 
engineer it, we have the ability and the right to win in the segment. So, we're not going to vacate 
that and run away. Yeah. So that's on the lubricated screw on the oil free. In the last ﬁve years the 
market has grown. Our share of the market is growing. Absolutely, it is growing.  
MANAGEMENT: So, I'm very conﬁdent that our presence compared to ﬁve years ago, we have a 
much more stronger presence and a growing presence in that sector. Centrifugal, like I explained 
it is not. We are represenƟng Hanwha and you know, there are challenges on delivery, there are 
challenges on pricing. To the extent that we are able to meet the customer's requirement on 
pricing and delivery, we are able to play in some way. So strategically we are not there in that 
market. Besides that, compared to the rest, the oil free and the oil lubricated screw, that's a 
relaƟvely small market. So, we'll get that but one step at a Ɵme. 
BHAVIN: I just a follow up. I think we had the product related challenges earlier on the water well 
which we have now been able to miƟgate. So, I mean if you along with that. So, we just want to 
Understand how has ELGi's market share moved up? Because in our view it has moved up. We 
want to understand whether we are correct or not because the gaps in the water well and in the 
oil free segments that you have bridged the market share, let's say ﬁve years ago versus today 
and how do you see it going forward. 
MANAGEMENT: In water well? See, water well is a cyclical business, like right now last year was 
a phenomenal year. This year is a down year right now. Our share of the market conƟnues to grow 
but the size of the business goes up and down depending on the cyclicality of that segment. Net 
net. If I have to average out what is our share of the market it's somewhere around 40%. Right. 
We think that's where our share of the market is. Is there an opportunity to grow that? Yes. But 
you know it's going to the in terms of the impact on our business it's going to be incremental 
because of overall marketers has shrunk at the moment. Oil fee, like I explained to you Bhavin. 
It's. It's. We are growing market as long as it conƟnues to grow we will grow and we have some 

exciƟng products there as well. We. It's too early to talk about it. Once we have that then our 
ability to win more also goes up.  
BHAVIN: Yeah, sure. Just last quesƟon on. Given the way we have seen the budget and the overall 
when you talk to your customer side on a three-year basis, if you were to hazard a guess on the 
growth in the domesƟc market, what would that be? 
MANAGEMENT: I will talk about steady state as well as the non-steady state. On a steady state 
basis we should be able to in the current circumstances, current market condiƟons, anywhere 
between 9 to 10% growth is possible with the introducƟon of our stabilizer technology and the 
low end market product. I think adding another 3, 4 percentage points to that growth is not 
unrealisƟc.  
BHAVIN: Yeah. Yeah. Thank you so much, Jay. Thank you so much for taking my quesƟons. 
MANAGEMENT: Okay 
MODERATOR: Next quesƟon we have is from the line of Mr. Vipul Kumar Shah. Vipul, You may 
unmute yourself and go ahead with your quesƟon. Vipul, I think there's some technical error at 
Vipul?  
MANAGEMENT: Hello. 
MODERATOR: Next quesƟon we have is from the line of Mr. Amit Anwani. Amit, you may please 
go ahead with your quesƟon. 
AMIT: Hi sir, I'm audible.  
MANAGEMENT: Yes.  
AMIT: Thanks for taking my quesƟon. My ﬁrst quesƟon is on the low-end product which you 
highlighted and you said both the products incrementally can bring 3,4% extra growth. Wanted 
to understand this low-end Chinese product, are we going to cater to the US market? Is there any 
Chinese imporƟng low end there and are we not going to face any compeƟƟon because I 
understand, I think Kirloskar also talked about kind of low-end product. Correct me if I'm wrong. 
Is there a comparison between these two products and which speciﬁc markets we are ﬁrst going 
to target? 
MANAGEMENT: So, our ﬁrst target is the Indian market because that's really where we are seeing 
a signiﬁcant presence or inﬂux of the Chinese machines. So that will be our focus. But we also, 
but the product is ready to be sold in most of the 50 cycles market. As far as the 60 cycles which 
the US right now we don't see as much of that behavior in the US market as we are seeing let's 
say in Australia, in Southeast Asia and probably in some markets in Europe. So, we will, we'll take 
a measured progression but India will be our ﬁrst focus. 

AMIT: Sure. Second on Europe you highlighted we're expecƟng a turnaround. Any further 
investment required there. If you could highlight us with respect to kind of manpower distribuƟon 
or any other aspect where we'll be doing more capex in Europe and what could be the peak 
revenue we are targeƟng from Europe in next two, three years. 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah, so we're not see this Europe was an incubaƟon that started six years ago. 
We invested up front and we declared that we are going to, we have completed all that so we 
have gained tracƟon in the market. Now it's a Ɵme to produce proﬁts. Right. And we will begin to 
see that from the next ﬁnancial year onwards. In terms of growth, I would say low double digit is 
what is possible. But with these new products that we have we could realisƟcally expect a lot 
more.  
AMIT: Sure Sir, thanks for taking my quesƟons. Thanks. 
MODERATOR: Next quesƟon, we'll have it from the line of. Manish. Manish, you may unmute 
yourself and go ahead with your quesƟon. 
MANISH: Yeah, thank you so much sir. On, on conƟnuing on the Europe operaƟons and probably 
when I'm looking at last year's annual report so the subsidy level at Belgium was probably a loss 
of nearly 50 crores. So, when we are talking of breakeven sir, are we probably looking at EBITDA 
level breakeven or PAT level breakeven and do you expect that pat level losses to come down? 
And similar observaƟons were for even our US operaƟons where if you probably look at all the 
two, three enƟƟes we had reported pat loss. So just if you can clarify on both aspects. 
MANAGEMENT: So, our breakeven is at an EBITDA level Manish. Now the only reason why we 
have a part level loss in Europe is because of the interest cost that was there. And today with 
Ɵghter controls over our working capital we expect progressive reducƟon one hand cash 
generaƟon and on the other hand progressive reducƟon in our working capital. Net, net the 
capital employed will start coming down and therefore the interest is going to come down as well. 
The same thing with the US Right. If you look at it, we have a huge portable inventory because 
we expected the market to conƟnue but it just kind of nosedived, all of a sudden. So, we have 
that inventory that was shipped from rotor. So, all that is geƫng Ɵghtened now and we have 
capital employed because of that for which we're paying interest. And the US interest rates are 
preƩy high compared to Europe. So all this will come down. 
MANISH: Okay, so. So okay. This only factor which is probably. But sir, that amount doesn't seem 
to be quite large in terms of the interest outgo. If you probably look at. If I probably look at your 
consolidated interest ouƞlow which probably 9 months is just 22 crores and where is the bad 
loss? 
MANAGEMENT: Manish, consolidated you are. We are earning interest India. Please remember 
that we have surplus cash India and we are earning interest in the treasury operaƟon. 

 
MANISH: But that is anyways reﬂected in other income sir, which is 41 crores in nine months and 
interest expense is 22 crores. So, I am just. Maybe if you can clarify that interest expense is net of 
the income or. 
MANAGEMENT: I. I need to get back to you. I. I don't have those numbers in front of me. You can 
take it oﬄine. 
MANISH: Because even in the ﬁrst nine months of the current year probably we see that at 
EBITDA level there is probably a slight decline in the margins for our internaƟonal operaƟons on 
a roughcut calculaƟons. But probably at pat level it is a very marginal proﬁt. So just wanted to get 
your perspecƟve as to how should we get. 
MANAGEMENT: Maybe we'll take that oﬄine and we can give you the details for this. 
MANISH: Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. 
MODERATOR: ParƟcipants, if there are any other quesƟons you may please use your raise and 
opƟon. 
MANAGEMENT: There was one person, Salil, who had raised his hand, but I don't know whether 
he has disappeared. 
MODERATOR: Yes Sir. So, I couldn't see his hand up again and that's the reason I had to. 
MANAGEMENT: Okay. And Vipul of course conƟnues to have his hands up. 
MANISH: Can I ask one or two more quesƟons? 
MANAGEMENT: Oh sure. 
MODERATOR: One second Manish. We'll just check with the Vipul in case if his line is audible. 
Otherwise, we'll allow you to ask. Do you have a quesƟon to ask to Mr. Jairam? You may unmute 
yourself and go ahead with the quesƟon. I don't think so. Vipul is around sir, but Salil happens to 
have come in. Hi Salil. You may unmute yourself and go ahead with the quesƟon. 
SALIL: Thanks. 
MANAGEMENT: Can't hear you Salil. Is this any beƩer? 
SALIL: No, I'll come back in. Q. 
MODERATOR: We have a quesƟon From UƩam Kumar. UƩam, you may please unmute yourself 
and go ahead with the quesƟon. 
UTTAM: Yeah, am I audible? 

MODERATOR: Yes. Yeah, yeah. 
UTTAM: Good morning sir. Thank you for taking my quesƟon. So ﬁrstly, on the domesƟc market 
just want to get further understanding with regards to are we seeing any challenges from any 
parƟcular sectors? Is there any kind of slowdown infra side or all these sectors doing well could 
just be more color on that. 
MANAGEMENT: So, the Indian market deﬁnitely is exhibiƟng signs of slowing down. There is no 
doubt about that. But it's not something that I would get worried about. It's not like a signiﬁcant. 
But there are signs of customers delaying decisions. The number of enquiries coming in are, the 
rate of it has come down. So, these are signs that things are slowing down a bit. And you can see 
it, you know the automoƟve sector in most parts is beginning to slow down. Some of the 
infrastructure like cement and all that are slowing down. So, it's part of the game. I mean it'll 
come and go. 
UTTAM: Right sir. Second thing with conƟnuaƟon to that is are we seeing a more aggressive kind 
of move by the compeƟtors in the domesƟc market? And also could you just throw some 
understanding on pricing? Have you taken any price increases or have we lowered down lately? 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah, we have not increased our prices, we have kept our prices constant. 
CompeƟƟon conƟnues to be as intensive, intense as before. There is no, I wouldn't say there is 
any sick, any speciﬁc resurgence or surge in compeƟƟve intensity. We are all aggressive and 
ﬁghƟng which makes it interesƟng in the market. But I would not call out anything that is 
concerning. 
UTTAM: Right sir. And ﬁnal quesƟon is with regards to I think in one queue of the ﬁnancial, I think 
were talking about the go to strategy in the domesƟc market and we had also brought in some 
consultants to do it. So, any update on that, how things are progressing? So, has that enabled to 
gain some market share? 
MANAGEMENT: Yes. So, like I said in one of my commentaries that we are looking at growing our 
share of the market. We've already grown a liƩle bit this year and we'll conƟnue to see that 
process giving us that growth in the next year as well. And that's the result of our go to market 
iniƟaƟves that we have done.  
UTTAM: Right. So, there's a bookkeeping quesƟon on the capex trend. So, how much have we 
spent for the nine months and what is the capex currents for the next ﬁnancial year? 
MANAGEMENT: And let me see if I have those numbers in front of me. I don't think I have the 
numbers but we have probably spent around from a cash point of view, maybe about 60 odd 
Crore.  
UTTAM: For the nine months, sir.  

MANAGEMENT: Our new projects. Yeah, nine months, new projects. We have budgeted about 
250. So, the new buildings that will happen, part of it in the fourth quarter and then into the next 
year. 
UTTAM: Thank you so much. 
MODERATOR: Next quesƟon we'll take from the line of. Mr. Prathamesh. Prathamesh, you may 
please go ahead with the quesƟon. Unmute yourself and go ahead with the quesƟon. I think 
there's some. Yeah, Salil, you may unmute yourself and go ahead with the quesƟon. 
SALIL: Thanks. I hope this is beƩer now, sir. 
MANAGEMENT: It's beƩer now. 
SALIL: Okay. So, on this new product, right. The patent that we ﬁled. So, if you can give us a sense 
of how Ɵght it is and you know, in terms of protecƟon against compeƟƟon coming in and trying 
to oﬀer something similar in some pockets, in some markets. 
MANAGEMENT: Well, that's a tough quesƟon to answer, Salil. When we make a patent, we make 
it as waterƟght as possible, as wide as possible and as deep as possible. But there is always an 
opportunity for somebody to challenge it. And then we need to ﬁgure out, go to a court of law 
and try and ﬁnd out. But the most important thing is the one is the patent. The other is how 
eﬀecƟvely you are able to make it understand the why of the technology. You know, it is not about 
just having some valves and some soŌware algorithm, but the. It is more at the level of science 
that you have to understand to get the result right. So that science part is not necessarily revealed 
in the patent. Right. So those are some. And you know, the, the scienƟﬁc pieces that we retain to 
ourselves. So, I'm reasonably conﬁdent that we have a preƩy strong posiƟon.  
SALIL: So, if I understand this as a layman, what you're saying is that although concept might seem 
simple, let me just add a stabilizer to compressor, but the engineering behind it and price at which 
you deliver is something which not everybody could replicate irrespecƟve of the. 
MANAGEMENT: Absolutely, absolutely. 
SALIL: Great. This is very heartening to see these products, they're all the very best. 
MANAGEMENT: Thank you. 
MODERATOR: Sir. In the interest of Ɵme, we'll take one last quesƟon from Prathamesh. Yeah, 
Pramesh, you may just unmute yourself and go ahead with the quesƟon. You have the permission 
to unmute yourself and go ahead please. 
MANAGEMENT: I think he's posted the quesƟon on the chat. So, it says need to understand about 
exports. As we understand except for Rotaire, all other subsidiaries manufactured in India and 

distributed rest of the world. However, the standalone exports and related party sales do not 
match. So, want to understand the accounƟng procedure followed for the same. So, Prathmesh, 
the. Yes. The. The industrial machines are all made India. So, when we do sales from the 
standalone exports has two components. Sales to independent distributors. Like for instance 
some distributors in Southeast Asia, some distributors in LaƟn America. Some distributors in 
Africa. Some distributors even in Middle east. They buy directly from us. So that is also booked as 
exports from in the standalone. And the standalone books also has exports to our subsidiaries 
which are related parƟes. So, they will never match. Right. And it will ﬂuctuate because when it 
is a maƩer of inventory management between in the subsidiary. So, when the inventory starts 
going down, the revenues are coming down. The standalone revenues to subsidiaries. And we are 
in the middle of controlling that inventory. Therefore, there will be a reducƟon. 
MODERATOR: I think that is what we have right now. Sir. Kamleshi, would you want to give a vote 
of thanks before we end this call? 
KAMLESH: Just. Yeah. Before that just one quesƟon. If you can provide some more insight about 
our Ɵe up with that iteraƟon for vacuum products. How has been the progress and when we see 
that commercializaƟon. So, thanks for bringing that up, Kamlesh. So, we have completed the 
technology transfer. Our team has visited, brought it in. The indigenizaƟon has started. So, from 
April, May, onwards we will have completely Indian made products into the market. So that's on 
the product side. On the organizaƟon side we have assembled the sales and service team. They 
are already in contact with customers. We have already started gaining one oﬀ orders in the 
market. So, we expect to see next year as a full year. By which we'll be able to come back and 
report our performance on vacuum.  
KAMLESH: Any revenue targets, sir?  
MANAGEMENT: Not yet, Kamlesh. Not yet. It's not our metrics right now are to look at the 
distributor appointment and OEM connects. Yeah.  
KAMLESH: And this will be more India speciﬁc, right Sir, Sorry. More India speciﬁc markets. We 
are trying. 
MANAGEMENT: Yes, it will be India. India like markets neighboring. That's it.  
KAMLESH: Right. Great. Okay, that's it. From our side. Sir, any closing comment you want to make.  
MANAGEMENT: Thank you very much. I think Manish has got a quesƟon again.  
MANISH: Hello.  
MANAGEMENT: Okay, so we can. So thank you very much, Kamish and. Sorry. 
 

MANISH: Yeah, yeah, probably. I'll take two. Two quesƟons, sir. One is on the. 
MODERATOR: Manish, we might have to end this call because we have already crossed our Ɵme 
limit. You can take it online oﬄine with the team and Mr. Jairam. 
MANISH: Yeah, sure, I'll do that. 
MANAGEMENT: Thank you. So, thank you very much Kamlesh and Asian Market securiƟes for 
organizing it. Thank you for your conƟnued support on that and thank everyone for your Ɵme and 
your insighƞul quesƟons. And I look forward to speaking with you during the Investor Analyst 
meet in February this month and also our call someƟme in May for our fourth quarter and annual 
results. Thank you very much. And I look forward to thank you. 
MODERATOR: Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. All the parƟcipants. 
***************** 
