  
 
February 03, 2025 
To, 
 
BSE Limited  
Dept. DSC_CRD 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001          
 
BSE Scrip Code: 506222 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block,          
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (‘E’) 
Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: STYRENIX 
 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with Investors / Analysts held on January 31, 
2025 
Ref:         Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated January 28, 2025 informing about the earnings call 
organized by the Company on January 31, 2025, please find attached Investor Call 
Transcript for your record purposes.  
 
The transcript is also being uploaded on website of the Company and the same can be 
downloaded from following path: 
 
www.styrenix.com – Investors – Earnings Call – Call recordings & Transcripts 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
 
 
 
Chintan Doshi 
Manager – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As Above  
CHINTANKUM
AR 
SURESHCHAN
DRA DOSHI
Digitally signed by 
CHINTANKUMAR 
SURESHCHANDRA 
DOSHI

 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“Styrenix Performance Materials Limited Q3 FY ’25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAHUL AGRAWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. BHUPESH P. PORWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. CHINTAN DOSHI – MANAGER LEGAL AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY 
 
 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
Conference Call.  
 
We have with us today from the Management of Styrenix Performance Materials Limited. Mr. 
Rahul Agrawal – Managing Director; Mr. Bhupesh P. Porwal – Chief Financial officer; and Mr. 
Chintan Doshi – Manager Legal and Company Secretary.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Further, on behalf of the management of the company, we would like to remind the participants 
that this call is being conducted subject to and in line with the disclaimer mentioned in the 
investor presentation as is available on the Stock Exchange. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhupesh P. Porwal. Thank you and over to you, Mr. 
Porwal. 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, Namaste everyone.. I am pleased to welcome you to our Q3 
and the period ended December ‘24 Conference Call. As we reflect on our performance in the 
fiscal year 2025, I am delighted to announce that we have witnessed a robust demand for our 
products for nine months of FY ‘25, marking a significant growth trend.  
 
Coming on to the Financial Performance of Q3: 
Sales volume for Q3 was 47.5 KT versus 41.8 KT in Q2 FY ’25, that is an increase of 14.5%, 
and by 34.4% compared to Q3 FY ‘24, which was 35.6 KT. Revenue stood at Rs. 691 crores in 
Q3 FY ‘25 versus Rs. 653 crores in Q2 FY ’25, that is an increase by 6%, and increase by 42.5% 
compared to Q3 FY ‘24, which was Rs. 485 crores. PBITDA stood at Rs. 75.4 crores, that is 
10.9% versus Rs. 105 crores at 15.9% in Q2 FY ’25, and Rs. 60 crores, that is 12.3% in Q3 FY 
‘24. PAT stood at Rs. 47.7 crores in Q3 that is 6.3% versus Rs. 70.1 crores at 10.6% in Q2. 
 
For the YTD FY ‘25 highlights: 
Sales volume for YTD December 2024 stood at 137 KT versus 120 KT in YTD December ’23, 
that is it has increased by 14.3%. Revenue stood at Rs. 2,043crores versus Rs. 1,623 crores, that 
is an increase by 26% compared to YTD December ‘23. PBITDA stood at Rs. 273 crores that is 
13.3%, which is better by 1.1% compared to YTD December ‘23. PAT stood at Rs. 179 crores 
that is 8.8%, which is better by 1.1% compared to YTD December ‘23. We expect Q4 to be 
average based on historical industry trends. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
Styrenix entered a SPA with Ineos Styrolution Group GmbH on 9th of December, ’24, for 
acquiring 100% shareholding of any of Ineos Styrolution (Thailand) Co., Limited, located in 
Thailand. The acquisition transaction has been successfully completed on 17th of January, 2025. 
Styrenix Performance Materials is now holding 100% control and shares of Ineos Styrolution 
(Thailand) Co., Limited through its affiliates and subsidiaries. The new name of the company 
has also been changed effective today, and now it will be called Styrenix Performance Materials 
Thailand Limited.  
 
We had also announced about our debottlenecking exercise and expansion plans in October ‘23. 
We have completed debottlenecking activity at our polystyrene plant in the last quarter which 
we have discussed. And in this quarter we had completed at our Nandesari plant, increasing the 
rubber capacity up till 27 KT. We had announced about our expansion plan in October ’23, we 
are also significantly accelerating our plant brownfield expansion in ABS and aim to add as part 
of Phase 1, 50 KT ABS capacity by middle of 2026 itself, which in our earlier plan was 2028. 
Phase 2 to add another 50 KT of ABS will follow and is expected to be commissioned ahead of 
the schedule.  
 
This is all about the highlights for the quarter and period ended December ‘24. And now we may 
proceed to answer the questions you may have. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Rahul Agarwal with Ikigai Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Hi, very good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, one question was, firstly, 
congratulations on the acquisition, which seems like a good quality asset at a reasonable price. 
Could you help us understand the longer term thought process on this asset, please, in terms of 
how do you want to grow this business from here on? And what could be the return on investment 
we can expect overall on the entire asset, please? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Okay. Hi, Rahul. Thanks. This is Rahul Agrawal also. Now, in terms of the Thai asset, there are 
multiple synergies that we have with the current business in India. As far as the product profile 
is considered in Thailand, we are adding few technologies in the Thailand business which we 
did not have in India. For instance, we shall have access to certain extrusion grade ABS which 
can be used to make also refrigeration liner grade ABS, which is unique to the plant in Thailand. 
There is a large market for in India, which is currently served by imports. With this acquisition, 
we get access to that technology, which is a significant development. We also get access to 
certain water clear high chemical resistance SAN, which is again produced specifically in the 
Thailand plant and is not commonly produced elsewhere in the region. We also get certain other 
bimodal rubber technology which can be used for certain applications which are under the low 
temperature ductility kind of application.  

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
So, all in all, there are multiple new uses for the technologies which would be coming in from 
the Thailand facility which can help expand our product profile in India. There is of course a 
capacity also which we are getting. There is a rubber capacity about 31,000 tonnes, a total ABS 
capacity of around 85,000 tonnes, and a SAN capacity of 100,000 tonnes. SAN, of course, if it 
is utilized to make ABS, the SAN available for sale would be reduced by that extent. However, 
the asset is unutilized as you may have seen from the investor presentation. Ineos did about 
74,000 tonnes of sales last year in the calendar year. So, overall, if you look at ABS and SAN 
and exclude the SAN used for ABS, the total capacity would be to tune of 125,000 tonnes. So, 
we have obviously some headroom to grow over there. We get access to all different new markets 
as well. There are already fair bit of qualifications which have been done from product in 
Thailand in very key markets and key sectors like automotive, industry, household appliances in 
China, in Vietnam, in Indonesia, in Thailand, in Japan, in Korea. And we get access to all these 
markets also now. There are qualifications done with OEMs over there which can also benefit 
us in India and vice versa.  
 
So, I believe there are multiple synergies with this business which can be exploited and explored 
over a period of time. We do believe, given the capacities, we can achieve similar kind of a 
capacity utilization levels in Thailand that we have in India over a period of time, given our 
strengths which already exists in India and in Thailand. How that will finally result into a return 
of investment is a little early to give you exact numbers on that. But we believe, considering the 
cost of acquisition, this to be highly attractive and it should be a very rewarding acquisition for 
the company and its shareholders. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. So, to understand this is an operational plant, and whatever new additions on product side 
we will do we will see numbers adding up on the consolidated numbers starting fourth quarter 
of Fiscal ’25, is that understanding correct? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
That is correct. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay, perfect. And secondly, the question was on my India business, looks like the margins could 
have been better I thought. So, just your assessment on the 3Q margins and the outlook for next 
six to 12 months? Thank you. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, the margins in the second quarter, which was in September were a little bit higher on account 
of some extraordinary gains we had in that quarter. There were certain supply chain disruptions 
in that quarter on account of certain freights, which I had alluded to in the last call as well, those 
have normalized. So, those margins would not be the good benchmark to take. But if you 
consider year-on-year, our spreads so to speak are still quite healthy, and they are in line with 
what we have done. In fact we have done better if you look at year-on-year. Overall, on a blended 
basis, we have had higher sales of polystyrene in the last quarter compared to what we have had 
in the previous year. So, as a percentage of overall volumes, polystyrene might have contributed 
a higher percentage, and hence polystyrene having slightly lower margins historically, the 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
overall margins might look lower. But net, net, the way we look at it, our spreads are still very 
much intact and only growing. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Go ahead, Rahul. I have more question; I will get back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Aditya Ketan with SMIFS Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Ketan: 
Yes, thank you sir for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is with respect to this Thailand 
acquisition. Sir, we are requesting like in terms of sales volume from 2021 to ’24 there is a 
continuous drop, and in 2023 EBITDA also was in losses. Any particular reason? Because when 
we look at the global market, the spreads were healthy for the last two to three years. Any 
particular reason why this business was struggling? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, in ’21, of course, Aditya, globally all the polymer producers, including ABS producers 
globally had unusual windfall profits and the margins and spreads were very high. In fact, over 
the last two years, the years that you are alluding to, the global margins have not been very good. 
Of course, we have done much better in India. But the spreads across Asia or Europe or the US 
for that matter, have not been very healthy. And the spreads of course in Thailand also have not 
been very healthy. But I think the fact is that we have done some things differently in the Indian 
business, and we do believe that we can do similar things in Thailand as well after a period of 
time. 
Aditya Ketan: 
But sir, any sort of a particular negative like, so wasn't the product fit for the market or any sort 
of a change like which has happened into that business, which is why it was not performing 
well? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, I would ignore ‘21 essentially where the revenues were much higher on account of much, 
much higher prices due to the supply chain disruptions. If you look at the last three years, yes, 
‘22 revenues were a bit higher, but they kind of normalized, if you will, for that part the business 
going to ’23, and then ’24 in fact there is a slight upside as well. So, the revenue has grown again 
from ‘23 to ’24, coming back into a positive territory and in the right direction. So, ‘23 was of 
course a tough year for everyone globally and Thailand was no different over there. The product 
mix per se has not changed over there. I think overall sales volumes were a bit lower, as you can 
see. Sales volumes had reached high level of 105 KT in ‘21 and then they dipped down to around 
65 KT odd in ’23, and then they moved up to 75 KT again. And obviously, from this point on, 
we do believe there is room to grow the business further in terms of volumes. 
Aditya Ketan: 
Got it. Sir my next question is, sir when we look at your new capacities like which you have 
debottlenecked on polystyrene and on ABS, sir the additional volumes hasn't like flown through 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
your EBITDA numbers, like the spreads have actually dropped. This is also related to higher 
increase in other expense. So, this operating leverage benefit hasn't played out yet and you expect 
this to come in the coming quarters? And what is the reason for this higher other expense? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, I will speak to in terms of spreads. See, the overall spreads are still intact. If you look at in 
fact nine months, our spreads are much higher in the overall business which have been 
historically the case. And of course, some of it I have also alluded, and I have mentioned 
explicitly that in Q2 certain extraordinary gains we had in the second quarter.  
 
But all in all, if you look at an average time in terms of spreads, the spreads haven't really gone 
down, in fact they have only increased. Again, I am repeating myself where I say that in the third 
quarter we have had higher polystyrene. We did debottlenecking of polystyrene in the second 
quarter, which is why polystyrene sales were lower in that quarter.  
 
In the third quarter, after debottlenecking, polystyrene production and volumes came up. We are 
a supply constraint kind of company where we are limited by the amount of production we can 
make. So, once the production came online, we have been able to sell more of the product 
available to us in terms of polystyrene.  
 
In terms of ABS, again debottlenecking has only been completed for our rubber plant as of end 
of December. And those benefits would come online perhaps in this quarter and the next quarter. 
So, on an annual basis, I think the spreads are fine. And we do not see any major concern for 
that.  
 
Other expenses, again, if you look at fuel or utility and those kind of costs, we do see a reduction, 
we do see an operating leverage over there. There could be some specific expenses which may 
have changed a little bit, but otherwise there is no significant variance. 
Aditya Ketan: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just one last question, sir what would be the peak potential revenue we are 
expecting from the Thailand plant? And secondly, like, on to the standalone business so we are 
maintaining our volume growth guidance of 15% to 20%? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
That is correct. For India business, we are maintaining the volume growth guidance. We have 
never given guidance, but we have always told you that we are increasing our capacities, 
debottlenecking our plants. And in accordance with how the volumes would be available to us, 
our sales would grow. And we are maintaining that even now. So, as our debottlenecking and 
additional volumes become available to the company for sale, we are being able to convert that 
into sales for the firm. So, that is still on track very much so. As far as Thailand is concerned, I 
would take a cue from India business in terms of what volumes we do and what are the 
subsequent sales and revenue numbers associated with that. Thailand would essentially follow 
that as well as we are able to effectively completely utilize the capacities. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
Aditya Ketan: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. That's it from me. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nirav Jimudia with Anvil Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yes, sir, good afternoon. Sir, I have two questions, one is on the ABS side. So, when we look at 
rubber capacities here in India, which is now debottlenecked to 27,000 tonnes and which can 
now support our production close to around 100,000 tonnes, 105,000 tonnes of ABS. And when 
we compare our Thailand acquisition, there possibly the rubber capacity is 31,000 tonnes, but 
the ABS capacity is 85,000 tonnes. So, just wanted to ask you like does the quality of rubber 
plays an important role? Because generally when we see here it's like 0.25, but when we see our 
Thailand plant, it is slightly on a higher side. So, one, if you can share your thoughts here in 
terms of on the rubber side. And secondly, let's say when we will increase our capacities of ABS 
further by close to around 100,000 tonnes; 50,000 tonnes, 50,000 tonnes of two phases, is it safe 
to assume that we would need additional 25,000 tonnes of rubber capacities to support this? 
Thank you. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, thank you, Nirav. So, you are right, the rubber that we produce in Thailand is a little bit 
different from the rubber that we produce in India. In the rubber that we produce in India also, 
after we took our management control as of November ‘22, we did some improvements to the 
quality of rubber due to which we were able to get higher rubber efficiency here. In Thailand, of 
course, it's not an exact comparison because it is a bimodal rubber which supports kind of high 
ductility applications as well. And it also supports certain other kind of applications of the final 
ABS. So, that rubber has its own properties and own qualities.  
 
Again, it depends on which grade we are making. There are specific grades that we produce in 
Thailand which may require slightly higher rubber content. But yes, in terms of technological 
advantages and synergies that can be used between both the sides in terms of perhaps improving 
rubber efficiencies in Thailand, these are projects that you will definitely undertake and see if 
we can increase capacities even further from the kind of nameplate capacities of 85,000 tonnes 
that they have over there.  
 
As far as the expansion in India is concerned for the 50 KT additional ABS capacity, you are 
right, there will be augmentation required in rubber, also some augmentation in SAN and 
compounding. So, all of these things will be completed over the next 18 months. Some of the 
expansions may happen quicker in some of these cases, but the overall additional capacity of 50 
KT will be available to us subsequently after 18 months, as we have stated. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. So, sir, just wanted to clarify, like in terms of our continuous innovation on the rubber 
side, is it possible to further reduce those norms of rubber to ABS production, when we will take 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
up those expansions? Or now we have already reached a peak innovation in terms of the rubber 
to ABS conversion and this could be taken as a norm ongoing forward? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, there is always room for innovation, that's what I believe. However, we have covered quite 
a bit of a distance in terms of improving rubber efficiency or quality in India. There still may be 
some room to grow, but a large part of that has already been captured as of now. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got. Sir, the second question is on the polystyrene. So, when we see, like what we have seen is 
that we already expanded our capacities from 65,000 KT to 100,000 KT. And last time on the 
conference call when we interacted, you mentioned that like there are approvals pending from 
the customer’s side, which would help us to, A, grow the volumes from the application point of 
view; as well as the normal growth what we can see from the consumer durable side. So, if you 
can share your thoughts here, like from the approval side, specifically from the application point 
of view where we stand at this point of time? Because once we receive that this could 
straightaway give us the incremental volumes, plus the normal growth what we can envisage in 
terms of the growth in the consumer durable side, so your thoughts here. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. So, essentially, as we spoke about last time, we had a capacity of about 65,000 tonnes of 
polystyrene last year. In the second quarter of last year, we augmented our capacities on 
polystyrene, thereby further enhancing our output of general-purpose polystyrene essentially to 
begin with. And we were able to expand that significantly with kind of approval investment that 
we did. We were able to achieve higher output as of last quarter, and hence those additional 
volumes which came in were easily sold in the marketplace.  
 
And that happened because of both the reasons that you have already mentioned, because all the 
work that has gone in by our team in terms of validation was successful and we are able to get 
much larger share of OEM business that we were doing earlier. And also, as you know, normal 
growth is there in these sectors and applications that we cater to, so we are getting a benefit of 
both. Again, to reiterate, we are finally constraint by the amount of product we can produce and 
mostly all of the product that we are producing we are able to currently sell. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. So, sir, two things here. One, are there still some application based approvals which 
needs to be received from the customers? And also, if you can break up our PS capacity between 
GP and HI, that would be helpful, sir. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. So, I mean, there are some approvals which have already come through. There are approvals 
for certain grades which are still going on, which would still probably take maybe one or two 
quarters more. And what happens is, even after the approvals are received, there is of course a 
slow ramp up in terms of the demand off-take by these customers, where they slowly start using 
these products in those applications for which they give us approvals. However, I think it suits 
us because, honestly, we are kind of running quite high on capacity utilization. So, as and when 
we are able to slowly increase the capacities to the level customers require them, I think we will 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
be still, I mean, in line with demand as well as the supply situation. So, that is all going on. And 
in terms of GP and kind of high impact polystyrene, we were running at about 50:50, today the 
ratio might be close to kind of 65:35 where 65% could be a general-purpose polystyrene and 
35% would be high impact polystyrene. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Thank you so much, sir. Just a last bit, because the application is predominantly the refrigerators 
and washing machines here for the polystyrene, how much of our total volumes would be spread 
across these two broader segments, if you can share? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It would be close to around, it's hard to give you for both the categories because, again, from 
HIPS and GPPS the off-take in both the segments are different, however, at an average broader 
level we can say around close to 40%. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
40% for each of them, right? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. Overall, 40% would be in the durable sector. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Perfect. Perfect. Thank you so much, sir. And wish you all the best.  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pritesh with Lucky Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes. Sir, I have two questions. So, first on the operating metrics side. So, between quarter one 
and Quarter 3, keeping Quarter 2 aside for the logistics benefit in the spreads, so between quarter 
one and Quarter 3, for a similar volumes the profitability is different in Quarter 3 versus quarter 
one, so Quarter 3 is lower versus quarter one. And we have a setup of higher volumes and lower 
energy costing via the fuel change on one side, and the polystyrene higher contribution in the 
mix. So, if you could just explain these two quarters, how should we look at it in terms of the 
changes in profitability, because the volume is similar, we are about -- 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. So, in quarter one, of course, the sales of ABS would have been much higher than in the 
case of Quarter 3. In Quarter 3, the sales of polystyrene are much higher. There are two reasons 
for that, one is, of course, we did debottlenecking for polystyrene in Q2, and that's why we had 
to take a shutdown also in polystyrene in Q2. Hence, we have a lower amount of product 
available in that quarter. Once the debottlenecking was completed, not only was the product 
available, it was available in higher quantities for Q3.  
 
A similar issue was in ABS, as we already mentioned, we had kind of debottlenecking exercises 
done for rubber plant. So, slightly lower volumes were available for ABS in fact in Q3, which 
now has been corrected towards end of Q3. So, in Q4, again, the full volumes of ABS would 
also be available to us from our rubber plant. So, that is where we have had a kind of mix. So, 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
overall, in terms of volumes, you will see higher volumes contributing in polystyrene in Q3, and 
in Q1, higher volumes contributing in ABS as the overall percentage. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, Q1 had higher volumes of ABS, Q2 has volume of ABS because of debottlenecking of 
polystyrene. Q3 has a higher volume of polystyrene because of debottlenecking of ABS? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Correct. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay, understood. And what happens to the energy saving or the fuel change across plants? 
Because you had started the year with only one plant, so where are we on that, and the 200 basis 
point savings on it on the margin side? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, so 200 basis points is not something which I have ever kind of extended or specified, it has 
been inferred by everyone. But there is definitely a saving, we are moving in the right direction 
over there. We see a utility saving in Q3. We have completed, as you know, the fuel saving 
exercise largely also in Dahej plant, which is a polystyrene plant, with higher throughputs which 
we have seen in the last quarter and consequently of course we will see even higher throughputs 
in Q4 in polystyrene. Those savings will be significant, which details will be available, of course, 
by the end of the next quarter as well to you.  
 
As far as the other plants are concerned, we have delayed a little bit on the project on fuel saving 
because, frankly, we are running very full on capacity utilization. And we have had to delay that 
project because that would also entail some shutdown which we are not in a position to take. So, 
that could get delayed by a quarter or so on Katol, which is the SAN plant. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Understand. So, it only left on the SAN plant to bring the fuel check? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Right, that's right. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And what explains the Q-on-Q rise in the other expenses then? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I am sorry? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
What explains the Q-on-Q rise in other expenses line item between Quarter 2 and Quarter 3? Is 
it the certain debottlenecking expenses also a part of that? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, there are repairs and maintenance cost debottlenecking expenses which would be part of 
that as well. Yes, so I think that that would be the major expense which you have correctly 
pointed out, which would have caused some of those other expenses to increase. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, for the nine months, since you have gone through two bottlenecking, both at polystyrene and 
ABS, we will have a larger repair and maintenance expense this year versus the last year? 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I think we are still almost the same, because last year there were other projects which had to be 
carried out, and this year there are different projects. So, there were debottlenecking projects 
which were carried out last year as well as you are aware, we did lot of process innovation as 
well and we did debottlenecking. So, this is different debottlenecking, is has just happened at 
different times of the year. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. My last question is on Thailand asset. So, what should be the route to higher volumes or 
higher utilization? And what should be the corresponding route to EBITDA improvement? And 
did you mention that the Thai asset should have a profitability similar to India or I misheard it? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, so I have not made any comment with regards to comparative profitability. But in terms of 
asset utilization and revenue increase in Thailand, we do believe that there is a product profile 
there in terms of requirements across the world where we can service those requirements from 
that products produced in Thailand. We already have relationships, even from India for instance, 
which we can cater to. And at the same time, there are also relationships that we have in the 
other parts of the world which Thailand plant can contribute to. So, we will have kind of 
synergistic benefits in our sales channels.  
 
On the product portfolio as well, there are a lot of interesting qualifications in the automotive 
sector. For instance, in Vietnam, in China, in Indonesia and great relationships from the plant in 
Thailand which are supplying relatively unique and great products. And we will be able to use 
that to our advantage in India as well. And consequently also, there are similar things going on 
in terms of product portfolio qualifications in India. So, both the things will work in our 
advantage. We do believe there are certain products for which we are already running short in 
India, so that additional capacities in Thailand can also be more effectively utilized in the short 
term till we get our own capacities on line in India. So, there are multiple ways to increase 
capacity utilization and revenues in Thailand. We will just optimize for what is best across the 
group. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Multiple ways mean a lot of that volume has to be exported. So, let's say when you look at our 
growth, (Inaudible) 32:03 growth and the auto growth, the larger growth country is basically 
India. So, the capacity utilization there will be a function of more volumes being sent to India, 
is that the way? So, when I said route to better volume, I need to know where incremental 
volumes will be sold basically. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, if you look at the current business profile of the Thailand business, 50% of the sales come 
from China and Hong Kong, 25% comes from Thailand, and the balance 25% comes from Japan, 
Korea, Indonesia, Vietnam. We actually have a very good understanding of each of these 
markets. There is actually a lot of opportunity in these markets still which have not been tapped 
yet. So, while India is of course also a market where we can export from Thailand. It is not the 
only market, and it is not the market we are necessarily depending on as far as the Thailand 
product is concerned. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, you have to sell more volumes in the existing market?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Correct. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And the profitability is what it should be there, eventually on a full asset, or what should be 
ROCE in your asset? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
ROCE on my investment? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, whichever way you are comfortable. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, we have not given any, kind of estimation on the ROCE. And you are talking about on the 
Thailand asset, right, essentially? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, yes, Thailand. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. So, on the Thailand asset, as you know, we have given $22 million for the acquisition of 
the asset. If you look at certain other details we have shared in the investor presentation, actually 
they do not have any bank borrowings in terms of working capital either. There's a working 
capital of about $13 million, I think about Rs. 109 crores which is used which was actually being 
given by the parent company, there's an offset over there. And there is cash in the bank of about 
Rs. 33 crores, about $4 million, which is also sitting in the asset. So, you have to see in that 
context what we have actually paid for the asset, and what is the asset value. So, we do believe 
that depending on how the profitability changes over a period of time with all the measures we 
intend to do in Thailand, we do believe the ROCE will be quite comfortably good, on our 
investment at least. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But being a superior product, should the profitability then be higher than India, per unit 
profitability? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, I would not call any product superior or inferior, these are different markets with different 
applications, they have different formulations. So, all these things have to be fine-tuned to really 
understand where the profitability is higher and lower. But, yes, there is a lot of room to do 
improvements and fine tuning in all these cases. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay, sir. I will come back if I have more questions. Thank you very much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ranveer Singh with Yashwi Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ranveer Singh: 
Hi, Rahul. Congratulations on the acquisition. I had a few questions pertaining to the Thailand 
acquisition first. So, I see that our ABS capacity that we have acquired over there is 1,000 KTs, 
and last year we did a sales of about 75 KTs, which bought us a revenue of Rs. 1,100 crores. So, 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
at full capacity, our revenue potential should be somewhere around Rs. 1,400 crores to Rs. 1,500 
crores. And last year I see there was no EBITDA, so how do you see this going forward? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, like we have already explained, the capacity can go up, whether the revenue will go to Rs. 
1,500 crores or Rs. 1,700 crores, I cannot comment right now because obviously it's a function 
of price, and price is often a function of raw material cost which can be volatile from time to 
time. So, while I cannot comment on exactly what the revenue would be on full utilization levels, 
but keeping the assumptions of existing pricing in place, that seems to be reasonable what you 
are assuming. I think in terms of EBITDA, there is lot of improvements which are possible in 
the Thailand facility. The revenue increasing itself will make the business profitable. However, 
there are many other projects which we do believe are possible to further fine tune the asset.  
 
If you look at the India business also, there were a lot of things which were being done in a 
certain management method prior to our management takeover. And prior to the COVID eras 
when the company made large profits, if you see the balance sheet of Ineos Styrolution or 
Styrenix at that time for the period of ‘19 and ’20, you will see a certain picture at certain 
capacities. With the same capacities or slightly higher capacities, obviously, we have certain 
EBITDAs which are much more healthy. So, I do believe there is a case to do a lot of work in 
Thailand along similar lines. We have to wait and watch what that yields in terms of exact 
EBITDAs. 
Ranveer Singh: 
That answers my question. So, when you acquired the company in November ‘22, we saw that 
there was a margin improvement due to your experience of processes, so I get that. Yes. So, I 
just wanted to understand like, I was just seeing the balance sheet of the Thailand unit, so you 
were saying there are more long term debts and the total equity is like Rs. 464 crores, so like 
how did we get the plant for Rs. 160 crores net of cash balances? Because I remember we had 
announced our capacities being expanded from for ABS from 105,000 tonnes to 210,000 tonnes, 
and for polystyrene for 105,000 tonnes to 150,000 tonnes, which was like a 150K tonnes 
increase, for which an estimated cost was Rs. 650 crores. I know that was not conclusive. So, 
like, is this like a really good deal? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I think you answered your question, no, Ranveer. 
Ranveer Singh: 
Yes, yes, like I wanted an affirmation. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I do not see a question there, so I am not answering it, but I think you have answered it yourself. 
Ranveer Singh: 
Okay. So, another question Rahul ji, like, we had planned 210,000 tonnes to 360,000 tonnes 
capacity expansion. So, is this capacity added included in that or that would be separate? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, we have already mentioned in the investor presentations that whatever additional capacities 
we are augmenting, or we had planned in India, we are in fact accelerating it. So, essentially it 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
is mutually exclusive from the Thailand acquisition. The Thailand acquisition will add capacities 
which are different from what we are planning in India. So, in India we were planning to add 
100,000 tonnes of additional ABS, which was originally planned to come online by 2028. 
However, we have in fact accelerated that where we believe part of that capacity or 50% of that 
capacity augmentation would happen in ‘26 itself, which is next year. And the balance 50,000 
also would be ahead of schedule, as our CFO has already pointed out. In the case of polystyrene, 
again, we are conducting additional engineering studies. So, we went from 65,000 tonnes to 
100,000 tonnes, we do believe getting up to 150,000 tonnes or higher numbers also would be 
achieved considerably fast. So, we are accelerating all our plans as you can see, and this is a 
mutually exclusive from the Thailand acquisition. 
Ranveer Singh: 
Thank you, Rahul ji, that answers my question. And I just wanted to understand like SAN and 
rubber, like where do they fit in the value chain? And do they have a separate market of their 
own or they are used to producing ABS and polystyrene? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, ABS and SAN have got nothing to do with polystyrene, they are different products, they are 
different polymers. SAN, of course, is used as an intermediate to make ABS. SAN also has its 
own merchant market. SAN can be sold, do sell SAN in India as well. We sell certain volumes 
in the merchant market here. And in Thailand, of course, also SAN is sold globally. In the case 
of rubber, for ABS rubber can also be sold, it can also be bought, there are certain grades. But 
generally, we are always running short in terms of our rubber capacity to make our own ABS, 
so we do not sell it in the market. 
Ranveer Singh: 
Okay. All the best. Thank you so much. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yep. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesQ PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Yes, thank you so, much. So, this Thailand acquisition, it has been pretty well-rounded up on the 
call, just a couple of things. I would have missed the current capacity utilization that we are 
running there. And secondly, the kind of turnaround that you have alluded to on the Thailand 
facilities, so what is the outer timeline for this to reach a reasonable level of, say, profitability? 
Because you would have done those low hanging kind of things that you would do there and 
bring it there. So, these couple of things would help us actually. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. So, right now we are running at about 60% capacity utilization, 55% to 60% capacity 
utilization in Thailand. We will require some more time to really detail and answer those 
questions. We do have a sense of when it can happen, and we are running with a lot of projects 
currently in Thailand we have just initiated. It has been under two weeks that we have actually 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
taken over management control. And as you can imagine, we are competitors within Ineos. So, 
there is a lot of information still which is coming for us.  
 
In terms of asset, it's a great asset, there are no surprises. But in terms of the market opportunities 
out there, because these are different markets for us we do believe there are multiple 
opportunities where we can easily tackle to gain additional market share and increase revenue 
and increase volume capacity utilizations. But this will take a little bit of time. So, right now 
exactly how much time that will take is something that we will be able to better address in the 
next set of questions in the next call. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
So, is it fair to assume that maybe in the next four quarters or 12 months we will be able to see 
quite a bit of this to kind of play out in terms of whatever? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I believe so, yes. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Okay. And lastly, I mean, we have seen the acquisitive nature of you as a promoter, and that's 
the way probably things have worked for you. So, is this going to be the modus operandi 
typically where you have done the Indian acquisition, now the Thailand acquisition, is it fair to 
assume that that we might have few more as these current acquisitions mature? Are there 
opportunities, firstly? And would that be the strategy typically for you? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, I would not necessarily use the term acquisitive to be indicative of nature of promoters per 
se. I think we are looking at all and every opportunity which can help the company to become 
stronger, more robust, and grow essentially in a sustainable manner, in a safe manner, and I think 
we adhere to that strategy going forward. If there are opportunities, we will definitely look at it. 
But we do believe, currently with this acquisition in Thailand and of course all our planned 
expansions in India, there is a significant growth plan which has already been outlined between 
these two entities. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
So, is it safe to assume that for the next 18 months probably we may not take anything more on 
the plate given the work at hand right now with organic and this inorganic things now? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, in the previous question I think someone did mention how attractive this particular 
acquisition was. So, if there are very attractive opportunities that come your company’s way, I 
am sure you will not want me to ignore them. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Yes, actually. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ajay Sharma with May Bank. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Sharma: 
Yes. I just wanted to ask you basically in terms of the global spreads. I see the global spreads 
actually for both ABS and polystyrene naturally actually have improved quite a lot in the last 
quarter. And despite that, I did not see that impact coming through for the company, I guess, as 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
you explained because of higher polystyrene. But I guess should we see that benefit come 
through in Q4? Because I mean if the global spreads are improving, I guess, that improves your 
pricing power in India, right? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, Ajay ji, overall if you look at the global spreads for ABS and polystyrene, we do not see in 
fact any improvement. I have the data in front of me, we can share this information offline with 
you. But overall, the spreads have in fact deteriorated in the last two quarters. They were very 
low of course in FY ’24, they slightly improved in FY ’25 in the first quarter, but they have in 
fact deteriorated in the last two quarters. If you look at the spreads in India versus the global 
spreads, Indian spreads are much better or at least our spreads are much better, I cannot comment 
on the entire market, but our spreads are definitely much higher than the global spreads. So, I 
think that is a position we do intend to defend. And going forward, we will work, and we will 
make sure that we are able to do that. And this is true by the way, both for ABS and for 
polystyrene, this declining spreads in the last two quarters. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Okay. And so, I am surprised actually with the data I have, it seems to suggest otherwise. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Like I said, we can share this offline with you, no problem. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Yes, yes, I will check that with you offline. But I mean, the spreads actually are already below 
the midpoint, I guess, in terms if you look at the long term averages. So, I mean, do you see 
room for global spreads to actually bottom out and improve or I mean what's going on, or is it 
the China factor which is driving them down? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, I mean, if you look at the spreads say from kind of September ‘22 or October ‘22 until now, 
we have been managing this business for the last eight quarters now, I guess. In the eight quarters 
that you have seen, there has been a fair amount of volatility in the spreads, right, even though 
they are not high, they are low, but even at the low end there has been some volatility. You do 
not see the same volatility in our spreads, right, because of the nature of business that we do in 
India. So, I think globally, of course, there could be volatility going on in the future as well. We 
will have some knock on impact, but I think we do have certain positions which are defendable 
in India and we do believe that can be the case. So, like I have mentioned in the past, by capacity 
augmentation, by rationalizing cost and by improving product profiles we can remain ever more 
robust to ensure that our spreads are protected. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
All right. And I mean, so Thailand profitability to that extent will depend much more on the 
global spread, right, I mean it's unlike India? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, one thing one has to be cognizant of, when we look at ABS spreads, global spreads, they 
typically talk about general purpose injection molding grade ABS, okay. In Thailand, the share 
of that business is extremely low, even now. We do business typically in high heat, we do in 
refrigeration grade liner ABS, and we do in certain other specialized sectors like electricals. So, 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
there is not a direct correlation per se. There is of course, again, like I said, a knock on effect for 
those spreads as well. But those spreads are generally better than what you would have in the 
general purpose injection molding grades of ABS, which would be the case what you would 
normally see in your spreads, which are generally published. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
And would you say your spreads are compatible to Bhansali, because I see their spreads are quite 
high actually, more like 25,000, but whereas your blended is more like 16,000, 17,000. So, I am 
just wondering is it the polystyrene bringing it down or your ABS spreads are comparable, or 
even your ABS spreads are lower than Bhansali? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, I would not comment on the competitors. All I can say is our spreads are quite healthy and 
probably the best in the industry in India. And in terms of polystyrene, yes, there is certain 
improvements we have had as a result of validations and additional OEM business which we 
have got, and now of course with capacity augmentation. But there is still some room to improve 
in both, always. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Okay, last bit, so you are saying there is shortage in certain products. So, I mean, logically 
shouldn't that mean better pricing power for you and better trend for spreads going forward? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, capacities are being augmented by us and our competitors, and also there are imports coming 
into the country. So, there is healthy competition. While there is a shortage of locally produced 
product, at least in the case of ABS, not so much in polystyrene, but in the case of ABS there is 
kind of imports happening into the country, but we are also narrowing that gap with additional 
capacities coming online. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
And the rupee depreciation, doesn't it help? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Not really, I would not say so. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Anand Mundra with Soar Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Anand Mundra: 
Hello sir. Sir, congratulations on a good acquisition. Wanted to understand, sir, how much more 
funds we have to invest in Thai business to turn around it? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, currently, Anand, no major CAPEX is envisaged. I think all of this will be planned after 
some time. And as and when there is anything significant which would be thought for Thailand, 
we would definitely kind of come out with some kind of information surrounding it for all our 
investors. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Anand Mundra: 
Okay, so nothing for CAPEX, nothing for working capital? No more incremental investment 
required currently? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I think if the business grows, which we expect it to, there might be certain additional working 
capital required. But we will see how to tackle that. And in terms of CAPEX, currently there is 
no major CAPEX which is planned. 
Anand Mundra: 
Okay. And sir, what is the gross margin of Thai business? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, again, we have some information on that from Thailand. But again, its competitor 
information, we are not actually allowed to disclose it because this is information, which was 
with Ineos, we are still competing with them globally. As soon as we complete our first quarter 
of working in India, we will be able to give that information to the public. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Mundra, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from 
the line of Meet Parekh with Mihir Asia & Company. Please go ahead. 
Meet Parekh: 
Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to ask about the 50 KTs that you are adding by 
FY ’26, and beyond that the next 50 KT. So, what would CAPEX be envisaged for that? And 
also the polystyrene that we want to expand from 65 KT to maybe 100 KT, 105KT, so what 
would be the timeline for that? Will that be after the ABS? And what would the CAPEX for that 
be? Thank you. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. So, Meet, as we had mentioned in the previous calls, our estimations were to the tune of 
about Rs. 650 crores investment for both the ABS, SAN and polystyrene businesses for their 
expansion. We still believe and hold on to that number with some margin of error. However, we 
do believe in terms of ABS and SAN, the investment outlay could be to the tune of about Rs. 
500 crores. And for polystyrene, to the tune of about Rs. 150 crores. Out of the Rs. 500 crores, 
obviously, it will be in phases. The first phase, like I said, we are planning 50,000 tonnes of ABS 
and the next phase 50,000 tonnes. Some of that Rs. 500 crores, which is for overall 100,000 
tonnes of ABS may be front-ended to enable quicker execution for the entire phase, Phase 1 and 
Phase 2 of ABS. For polystyrene, we have envisaged about Rs. 150 crores, but again, engineering 
studies are going on for additional polystyrene. We have done debottlenecking where we have 
augmented capacities from 65 KT to 100 KT. But to go from 100 KT to say 150 KT or 170 KT, 
we will require results of those studies to come back, and that is likely in the next couple of 
quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Parekh, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from 
the line of Siddharth Purohit with InvesQ Investment Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Purohit: 
Yes. Hi, sir. A lot of my questions have been answered, and you also answered partly on the 
Thailand operations, just one clarification if you could give. I understand the Thailand market is 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
different and the pricing are different, but players who are already operating in that geography, 
what kind of spreads they might be operating as compared to India? Or maybe in absolute terms, 
if you can say? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, again, Siddharth, it depends on what kind of business you are doing. There is publication 
data typically on the general-purpose injection molding grade ABS spreads which are publicly 
available. And the incumbents currently in the Thailand market are also selling both kinds of 
products. And the Thailand market, as you rightly said, is a little bit different from India. We do 
believe, from our perspective, we have an opportunity to grow further in the Thailand market. 
We only have only about a 10% to 12% share of the Thailand market as of now out of our total 
current sales of say 25% of our sales. But the Thailand market is also larger. There is a good 
opportunity there to grow, even within the sectors that we say cater to in India, say in the 
automotive or household, there are opportunities in Thailand which are currently not being 
tapped. We do believe that the spreads in Thailand for these specific markets to be the same, if 
not little bit better in Thailand. So, we can take that and extrapolate that into some kind of a 
spread calculation that you would like to do for the Thailand business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Purohit, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from 
the line of Chirag Shah with Dalal & Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Am I audible? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yes. Sir, I missed your last comment on the spreads on Thailand, which you said to the earlier 
participant. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No. So, basically what I said is, when you look at spreads for any country, the spreads vary 
depending on what kind of market segment you are catering to. 
Chirag Shah: 
Correct. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, if you are to look at spreads in Thailand say vis-à-vis spreads India, for the specific market 
that we are catering to, say whether it's automotive or specifically say the liner grade ABS market 
which the Thailand business caters to, they are very different from the spreads that you would 
have in a general-purpose injection molding ABS business. I do believe that the spread in the 
Thailand business can be at par, if not slightly better than the Indian business for those specific 
grades. But again, this is a new business in terms of those specific grades for us. And over a 
period of time, we will do further refine what those spreads can be. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. So, sir, generally for the company as a whole, obviously, I am including both polystyrene 
and ABS, we are at around $200 of EBITDA per tonne, correct? So, you actually commented 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
also saying that we are better than the world average. So, what would be the world average, 
global average for EBITDA per tonne, roughly how much discount it would be? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, I do not know anybody who makes ABS and polystyrene in the same ratio that we do. So, 
of course, our EBITDA per tonne is a reflection of kind of what business we do at a blended 
level. So, it will not be fair to compare how we do it vis-à-vis anybody else in the world does it. 
There are spreads available on ABS, there are spreads available on polystyrene globally. And 
typically, these spreads are definitely much lower than what we have in India. 
Chirag Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Shah, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the 
line of Aditya Ketan with SMIFS Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Ketan: 
Yes. Thank you, sir, for the follow-up. Sir, on to the polystyrene business, sir like we have 
expanded to around 1.05 and we are planning to go to 1.5. Sir, just I wanted to know is there any 
economic sense like in expanding in polystyrene wherein like the industry is growing only in 
mid-single digits? Apart from it, there is also a lingering issue globally on the single use plastic 
ban which can incrementally put a cap on the incremental demand for global polystyrene. So, 
you think sir, like expanding into the polystyrene makes sense? And is there any like, so we are 
planning to use more polystyrene to make the polystyrene compounds or the sheeting business 
which are made from polystyrene, is that the plan ahead or what is like we are planning? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, it's a good question, Aditya. So, historically, the polystyrene business was operating at very 
low volumes. Prior to our management takeover the average of that plant could be less than 
45,000 tonnes per year. We do believe to achieve economies in that plant. And to keep that 
business profitable and more efficiently run, it was vital to enhance the capacities, and also the 
utilization levels.  
 
So, first, we increase the utilization level to 65,000 tonnes, which we believe is the maximum 
that was possible in the plant prior to our debottlenecking. Post debottlenecking, we spent about 
Rs. 16 crores to debottleneck general purpose polystyrene where we are adding potentially close 
to 35,000 tonnes of volume. 35,000 tonnes of volume arguably adds about Rs. 350 crores at a 
capital investment of Rs. 16 crores would yield a very good ROCE in spite of the lower margins 
that you see in polystyrene. This we are able to do because of course it’s a running plant where 
we are doing debottlenecking.  
 
For the next phase of expansion for polystyrene, again, we are looking at HIPS, which is still 
growing well due to demand in refrigerators, and demand in air conditioners specifically also. 
We do believe there is a business case for growth. India will still be needing more HIPS. And 
our expansion will also be at a cost which would be akin to a brownfield expansion. And we do 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
believe that the return on capital employed on that project would also be attractive, and further 
improve our operating efficiencies on the existing site for polystyrene as a whole. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Ketan, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from 
the line of Rohit Ohri with Progressive Shares PMS,. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Hi. So, for this strategically, geographically located property of 17 acres which is closer to the 
highway as well as the railways, as well as the ocean, if you say, the Gulf of Thailand. How 
much of free land is available? And what sort of scope is there for brownfield expansion, if any, 
over there?. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, it is hard to specify exactly what kind of a capacity augmentation can take place. There is 
some free land available, that is for sure, on that site. However, how that land has to be utilized 
and what kind of additional capacities can be augmented over there is something that we are still 
working out, it’s still early days. Right now, the capacity of the existing plant itself is 
underutilized. We do believe that first you would like to address that. And there are certain other 
efficiencies which we do believe are possible at the plant level. So, there are multiple projects 
that we are undertaking in order to get all of that in place. Once that is in place, we will definitely 
with a view and see what kind of further capacity augmentation is possible at that site with the 
free land available. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Ohri, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the 
line of Krunal Shah with Enam Investments. Please go ahead. 
Krunal Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is regarding the Thailand acquisition. So, if you 
could elaborate a bit about the competition in the area, or who would be the key competitor for 
the product that we are selling? And secondly on the mix, how is the mix between SAN and ABS 
in the Thai business? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Sure, Krunal. So, in Thailand, the market is around 150,000 tonnes to 200,000 tonnes of ABS. 
We actually have a very small share of that market, only about 10% to 12% market share. Around 
40% to 45% of that market is with IRPC, which is the other ABS producer in Thailand. And the 
balance is still imported into that country. In terms of kind of split between our own ABS and 
SAN currently from Thailand, it's essentially half and half. So, 50% of product is SAN and 50% 
of product produced is ABS. So, there's a much higher percentage of SAN sold from the plant 
in Thailand say compared to India, for instance. 
Krunal Shah: 
Got it. Great. Thank you, Rahul ji. Thank you so much. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, sure. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have reached the end of 
the question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Chintan 
Doshi for closing comments. 
Chintan Doshi: 
Thank you investors and investor communities to joining our meeting and showing interest in 
our company. We look forward to answer you in the next meeting which will be announced at a 
suitable time in the future. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Styrenix Performance Materials Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
