CA-17(44)/2024-25.,
A
^SAIL
Great
Place
To
Work,
Certified
17^^ February, 2025
The General Manager (MO)
Bombay Stock Exchange
Through BSE Listing Centre
The Asstt. Vice President
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Through NEAPS
Sub: Transcript of conference call held with Analysts & 
Investors on 12*''
February. 2025.
Ref: Regulation 46 of SEBKLODR^ Regulations. 2015: (Security IDrSAn.L
Dear Sir,
This is in continuation to our letter No.CA-17(44)/2024-25 dated 12^'' February,
2025, intimating the link to the Audio Recording of the Conference Call held on 12^^
February, 2025.
Transcript of aforesaid Conference Call is attached herewith.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Steel Authority of India Limited
(M.B .Balakrishnan)
ED(F&A) & Company Secretary
End: As above
sfrF 
110003, 
: 011-24367481-86 
: 011-24367015 
www.sail.co.in
Steel Authority of India Limited, Ispat Bhawan, Lodhi Road, New Delhi 110003, Phone : 011-24367481-86 Fax: 011-2436 7015 Website : www.sail.co.in
SAIL PAN No. AAACS7062F 
SAIL Corporate Identity Number: L27109DL1973GOI006454
There's a little bit of SAIL In everybody's life

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
"Steel Authority of India's Q3 & 9M FY'25 Post-Result 
Conference Call” 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: SHRI PRAVEEN NIGAM, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, FINANCE, 
STEEL AUTHORITY OF INDIA 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ASHISH KEJRIWAL – NUVAMA INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 
 
 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Steel Authority of 
India Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Nuvama Wealth 
Management Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Kejriwal from Nuvama 
Wealth Management Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Nuvama 
Institutional Equities, we welcome you again on SAIL Q3 FY25 Post-
Result Con Call. 
We are delighted to have Executive Director – Finance Mr. Praveen 
Nigam along with his team. Now, I will request “Mr. Nigam for his 
Opening Remarks” and then we can open the floor for “Q&A.” Over to 
you, sir. 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes, thank you, Mr. Kejriwal. Good morning, everyone. I welcome all our 
investors and analysts who are joining this Result con-call for the 
Financial Result of SAIL for the period Q3 and 9M Financial Year „25. 
Before I present the highlights of the result, I would like to briefly apprise 
the house about the global as well as the domestic economic scenario in 
which we are operating of late as these impact the result significantly. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
After the presentation on the economic scenario and the result, we shall 
take up your queries in the Q&A session. 
Now, as far as the world economic scenario is concerned, the current 
global economic landscape is characterized by moderate growth with the 
International Monetary Fund projecting a global GDP increase of 3.3% for 
both 2025 and 2026. This growth is, however, uneven across the regions, 
influenced by factors such as trade, policies, inflation rate and geopolitical 
tension. The projection for emerging and developing economy stand at 
similar level as of 2025 and 2026, that is at 4.2% to 4.3%. 
On the other hand, the advanced economy sees a margin improvement in 
the projection for the two years that is 2025 and 2026 at 1.9% and 1.8% 
respectively compared to the estimate for the 2023 at 1.7%. 
The announcement of 25% tariff on all steel and aluminum import into the 
US has raised concern among global producers about the potential 
retaliatory measure and impact on the global trade pattern. 
The imposition of tariff by US has also led to increased volatility in the 
global market. While US steel market stock has surged in anticipation of 
gaining a competitive advantage, global producers are experiencing 
decline. 
Additionally, concern about rising inflation and protectionist policies has 
emerged with varying impact depending upon countries and industries 
involved. 
As far as the global steel industry is concerned, global steel industry is 
navigating a complex landscape influenced by economic trends, trade 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
policies and technological advancements. The global economic scenario in 
2025 presents both challenges and opportunities for the steel industry. 
While certain regions may benefit from protective trade measures, the 
overall impact is complex with potential for increased cost, market 
volatility and shift in global trade dynamics. The World Steel Association 
forecasts a 0.9% decline in global steel demand for 2024, reaching 1,751 
mt, modest recovery is anticipated in 2025 with the demand expected to 
increase by 1.2% to 1,772 mt. Meanwhile, the steel industry is 
increasingly focusing on sustainability and technological advancement. 
There is a growing emphasis on reducing carbon emission through 
innovative production method and adoption of renewable energy sources. 
The integration of artificial intelligence and automation is enhancing 
manufacturing processes, improving efficiency and reducing costs. 
In Indian economy, the Indian economy has also been impacted on global 
cues with the advanced estimate for the GDP growth for Financial Year 
„25 being estimated at 6.4%, down from 8.2% achieved during financial 
year '24. 
The Reserve Bank of India has reduced its repo rate by 25 basis points to 
6.25%, marking the first rate cut in nearly five years. This decision aims to 
stimulate economic growth amid easing inflation, which is approaching 
the RBI's target of 4%. The RBI anticipates a growth rate of 6.7% in the 
fiscal year 2025-26, slightly higher than 6.4% estimated for the Current 
Fiscal Year. 
India is, however, facing much better than its counterpart, bolstered by 
strengthening of policy framework and increasing demand. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
The World Bank notes that India service export have remained robust, and 
the current account deficit is narrowing, indicating a strong external 
economic position. The Indian economy has countered the forces of 
inflation better than the other economies, thereby maintaining relative 
stability in the domestic market. Despite the projection for GDP growth 
rate in near future is coming down in the range of 6.5% to 6.7%, India 
continues to maintain its position as one of the fastest growing among the 
major economies. 
Now, let me talk about the “Indian Steel Industry”: 
India steel industry is experiencing significant growth, driven by robust 
domestic demand and strategic investment. Despite all challenges 
including the softening of the steel prices, Indian steel industry has 
consistently been growing in terms of production as well as consumption. 
During Financial Year „25, that is till January '25, crude steel production 
has grown by 4.5% over CPLY, at the same time, finished steel 
consumption has grown by 10.8% during the period over CPLY. 
As per the World Steel Association, India has emerged as the strongest 
driver of demand for steel since 2021 and projected to grow at more than 
8% during '25 and '26. Indian steel demand will continue to charge ahead, 
driven by continued growth in all steel using sectors and especially by 
continued strong growth in infrastructure investment. 
The top line and the bottom line for Indian producers have been impacted 
as the prices declined consistently. We are hopeful that the prices have 
bottomed out and considering that we are now in the fourth quarter, which 
is traditionally the strongest for the steel industry, the industry is hopeful 
for better results in the coming quarter. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
With the prices of imported coal also remaining in check, flat index for 
hard coking coal of Australian origin stands at USD188 per ton. The 
industry can also have a sigh of relief on the cost front. 
The Indian steel industry is poised to continued growth, supported by 
strong domestic demand, strategic investment, however, addressing 
challenges such as import competition and environmental sustainability, 
will be crucial for maintaining this positive trajectory as far as your 
Company performance is concerned in the nine months period. 
Coming to the performance of the Company during this nine-month period 
stand as below: 
The crude steel production at 14.1 mt stood at similar level as compared to 
CPLY when it was 14.2 mt, at the same time, salable steel sales volume 
was at 12.5 for mt, was also in the similar range of the CPLY which was 
12.46 mt. 
The performance of the CMO, that is the Central Marketing Organization 
in the domestic market has been higher by 1.8% over CPLY, while the 
sales by the plant have also grown by 25.8% during the period over 
CPLY. 
The export, however, have come down by 73.7% over CPLY. While the 
NSR declining by more than 6.5%, the turnover fell by 5.5% over CPLY 
and stands at 72,595 crores. 
On the profitability front, the Company registered an EBITDA of 7,983 
crores, profit before tax of 1,445 crores and PAT of 970 crores. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
With the concern of rising borrowing, we are happy to share that the 
borrowings during the quarter have been reduced by 1,700 crores. 
Borrowing at the end of Q3 of Financial Year „25 stood at 33,097 crores 
as compared to 35,596 crores in Q2 of Financial Year „25. The borrowings 
as on date stand at 32,600 crores as against 30,593 crores which was at 
31st March 2024. 
As far as the sustenance and operational efficiency is concerned, in the 
area of operational efficiency, the Company has been making steady 
progress for reducing coal co-consumption, increasing the uses of CDI, 
bringing down the specific energy consumption and improving the blast 
furnace productivity. 
SAIL is undertaking various drives towards decarbonization in three 
phases. With the first phase having brought down the specific CO2 
emission by almost 20%, the Company is now gearing up to bring it down 
further by 12% to 2.19 per ton of crude steel by 2031. SAIL plant and 
units have entered into number of MoUs with the renowned suppliers, 
technology providers, etc., towards decarbonization drive. 
Continuing with the drive towards improving the product mix, the 
proportion of semis in the sellable steel production stood at less than 14%. 
By engaging conversion services in and around the plant or demand 
sector, the percentage share of semis in sales has been even lower at 8%. 
Steps are being envisaged for further reduction in the proportion of semis 
in the product mix under the next phase of expansion. 
Going forward, the boost from the various measures announced by the 
Government of India in the recent union budget like 1.5 lakh crores outlay 
in the infrastructure, extension of Jal Jeevan Mission up to 2028, 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
incentivization of power sector reform, creation of 1 lakh crore Urban 
Challenge Fund, creation of Maritime Development Fund of 25,000 
crores, etc., augurs well for steel demand in the country. We are hopeful of 
realization and consequent margin will improve for the Company in the 
quarter to come as the overall outlook positive for sustained growth in the 
domestic consumption. 
With these words, I hand it back to Mr. Kejriwal for the opening of the 
Q&A Session. I am sure you all have lots of queries on our performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press „*‟ and „1‟ on 
their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue, you may press „*‟ and „2‟. Participants are requested to 
use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait 
for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is 
from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes, hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is, what 
should we make of government's thinking of potential safeguard duties, 
import duties? We have heard a lot about it, but nothing has happened as 
yet. So, how are you looking at it? That's the first question. The second 
question is on the cascading royalty. I think the Supreme Court had given 
a deadline of 7th of Jan. It got pushed out to 7th of Feb. Is there specific 
update over there? That's the second question. And the third question, sir, 
if you could give your thoughts on Karnataka proposed access on which 
way it can actually go forward or can the centre put a tap on the extent of 
levy that the state government can potentially propose? These are the three 
questions. Thank you. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Praveen Nigam: 
As far as safeguard duty is concerned, as you are aware, that we have 
given all our input to the ministry, whatever was required and there was a 
demand of 25% of the safeguard duty. The issue is still pending with the 
finance ministry. We are also waiting for the outcome of the decision of 
the finance ministry. As of now, there is no such communication from 
ministry to us, which we can share. The only thing we can share is that we 
have given all the input which are required and now we are waiting for the 
decision of the ministry. As far as the royalty is concerned, that is based 
on the Supreme Court decision. We have our mines at three locations: 
Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Odisha. In Jharkhand, they have already 
levied a cess of Rs.100 per ton on the minerals, Odisha and Chhattisgarh 
have not yet come out with any such proposition. We are waiting. The 
moment something comes from the government, we will be in a position 
to update you. As far as Karnataka is concerned, see, we do not have any 
operation in Karnataka or any mines in Karnataka. So, that is not going to 
have any impact as far as SAIL is concerned. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. That's helpful. And sir, just a bookkeeping question. Sir, how did the 
flat and the long prices move from Q2 to Q3? And if you could highlight 
with the current spot prices also that will be quite useful? Thank you. 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes. As far as the long is concerned, from Q2 to Q3, Q2 it was around 
52,000 which has increased in the Q3 to 53,400, you can say roughly 
1,300 has increased as far as long is concerned from Q2 to Q3. Flat also 
was 49,000 which has come down to 46,800. You can say roughly 
Rs.2,000 per ton the prices has gone down. Overall, if you see that both 
flat and long, in Q2 it was around 50,500, which has come down to 49,700 
or you can say roughly 800. So, there has been some decline because of 
the stress in the flat market. And as far as the future is concerned, yes, we 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
have a positive indication for the market, we are expecting that the prices 
will increase in the coming months, exact price we cannot declare right 
now because it is still in the consideration, but yes, there is a positive 
sentiment in the market particularly for the flat. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. Thank you so much. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for the opportunity. 
Congratulations for good performance in a very challenging quarter. Three 
questions if I may from my side. The first one is on sales volume growth, 
which we saw at 16%-odd YoY in the quarter. Now, this quarter I 
understand was a period of very tepid consumption at least in December 
and none of your peers have shown this kind of growth. So, just wanted to 
understand the specific areas where we saw the demand in this particular 
quarter? 
Praveen Nigam: 
You are talking in terms of volume? 
Amit Dixit: 
Volume, yes. sales volume. 
Praveen Nigam: 
Carry on. What is your next question? 
Amit Dixit: 
The next question is essentially if I look at your plant wise EBIT, so 
Rourkela has turned around very well in this quarter and Bhilai if I 
exclude the rail price revision adjustment in last quarter has also t turned 
around. So, just wanted to understand the drivers for that? The third one is 
on coal cost. If you could just let us know the coal cost that was there last 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
quarter and what you see it going in this quarter? These are the three 
questions from my side. 
Praveen Nigam: 
Okay. So, I will start with your last question first, that is the coal cost. I 
will talk about the blend cost. The blend cost in last quarter was around 
20,600, which has come down to 19,200. So, you can say overall there has 
been reduction as far the coal cost is concerned. That is mainly because of 
the reduction in the coal prices as far as the imported coal is concerned. 
What was the second question? 
Management: 
Bhilai. 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes, as far as the performance is concerned, as you talked about Bhilai 
and Rourkela also, there has been consistent improvement as far as the 
techno-economic parameters are concerned. Apart from that, we have got 
as you know that referring the input prices. And input prices basically has 
let other than the techno-economic parameter for improvement in the 
performance. And your first question was regarding sales volume growth. 
So, last year in Q3, our total sales was 3.81 mt, which has increased to 
4.43 mt in this particular quarter. So, there has been an increase in the 
volume. That is why the above performance has improved. And if you 
compare with the Q2 also, then also there has been a growth because in 
the Q2 it was 4.10 mt and in the Q3 of financial year '24-25 it was 4.143. 
We have also said in our opening remarks that the total improvement was 
around 16.3% as far as the volume is concerned. 
Amit Dixit: 
No, sir. Wanted to understand the drivers behind that because we have not 
seen this kind of growth in your peer Company in this quarter. Which 
area… which sector did you see this demand traction? 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Praveen Nigam: 
Mainly the increase in the consumer sector, that is infrastructure sector 
where the increase has happened. In fact, if you see that in the last quarter, 
the sales was on the lower side, which actually is now a substantial 
increase and the main is this consumer sector. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. How is the coal cost expected to move in this Q4? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Coal cost in Q4 is expected to come down further because the imported 
coal prices have further come down. Expected is that the imported coal 
will come down to roughly 19,000 you can say. So, there will be further 
reprices for coal is concerned. 
Amit Dixit: 
So, you mentioned 19,200 as coal cost in this quarter and you are saying 
that -? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Rs.19,200 was the blend cost. Now, if we say specific to imported coals, 
imported coals price in Q3 was 20,000 which we are expecting will come 
down by another 1,000 in Q4. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. On a blended basis, we can expect another Rs.1,000 or - 
Praveen Nigam: 
Roughly Rs.1,000. 
Amit Dixit: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumangal from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sumangal: 
Hi, thank you for the chance. The first question is on the prices. So, you 
mentioned average was around 49,700 in 3Q. So, can you share in January 
what was the average price or blended price for us? 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Praveen Nigam: 
Average blended price in January is 48,400 you can see. 
Sumangal: 
Okay. So, it is around Rs.1,200 down versus 3Q average, right? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes. 
Sumangal: 
Understood. Sir, the next question is on the CAPEX. So, first, can you 
share what is the nine months CAPEX, full year guidance and FY26? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Nine months CAPEX is around Rs.3,900 crores. As far as the expansion is 
concerned, as we have told in the last con call that Stage-I approval for the 
steel plant was given by the board. The process is on for forming of this 
order. Bokaro and Durgapur Stage-I approval has also been given by the 
board. So, now that is coal steel plant, Bokaro and Durgapur, we are in the 
process of forming of the cost. Once the cost is finalized, we will go for 
the Stage-II approval. 
Sumangal: 
Understood. While we are working on this, what could be the CAPEX for 
FY26 because this we believe will be more from FY27 onwards, right? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes, it will be in the range of 7,500 roughly you can say because the 
expansion CAPEX will also start happening in FY26. 
Sumangal: 
And so these three plants put together, what is the capacity we are looking 
to add? 
Praveen Nigam: 
So, it will be roughly 7.5 mt all the three plants together. 
Sumangal: 
Okay, sir. Can you give us rough gross CAPEX, this 7, 8 million tons 
expansion will take, would it be around -? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes, it will be in the range of around 55,000 to 56,000 crores. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Sumangal: 
Okay. And spread across how many years? 
Praveen Nigam: 
This plan is for 2031 as we said in the previous con call also that our 
expansion which is going to come across sale, it will be happening by 
2031. 
Sumangal: 
Okay. But sir, that we believe was for 15 million tons, right, I mean this is 
only 7.5 mt. 
Praveen Nigam: 
15 mt. We are going for the phase wise expansion. In this Phase-III plant 
have already got the Stage-I approval. We are in the process of getting the 
Stage-I approval of the rest two plants also and the total expansion what 
we are expecting by 2031 is 15 mt. So, you can say this also will come 
that the production or the facility will become operational by 2031. 
Sumangal: 
Understood. That's very clear. Sir, one question on the overall net debt. 
So, net-debt we were guiding for around 5,000, 6,000 crores of reduction 
this year. I think we started the year with 30,000 crores net debt. So, can 
you kind of share the latest thoughts on debt reduction by say fourth 
quarter end? 
Praveen Nigam: 
As I told in my opening remarks also that as of now the total debt is 
around 32,600, which is slightly higher than what it was in 31st March 
2024; it was around 30,500. In last con-call, we said the same thing that 
we are planning to reduce our debt and bring down to the level of 31st 
March 2024. As we have said that in the Q2 our total debt was around 
35,000. This has already come down to 32,600 level and we are expecting 
that by the end of this particular financial year, our debt will be in the 
similar range as it was in 31st March 2024. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Sumangal: 
Understood. Understood. And lastly, sir, any guidance on the volume front 
for this year and next year? 
Praveen Nigam: 
For next year, we are still in the process of finalizing our business plan. 
We cannot exactly comment. But this time it is around 18.5 mt crude steel. 
Sumangal: 
Understood. Okay. Thank you so much. All the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Bansali from 
Aryan Group. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Bansali: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. I want to know what the current 
inventory is and what is the value of that inventory? 
Praveen Nigam: 
So, total inventory of finished and semi-finished goods is 2.98 mt and the 
value of this is around 12,000, 13,000 crores. 
Mohit Bansali: 
Okay, sir. So, second question is regarding expansion or CAPEX. Since 
you are going for a very huge CAPEX, I just want to understand what is 
the peak debt level SAIL wants to maintain because already the debt is 
increasing without expansion since the last two years, your debt was 
around 13,000 at the end of March '22 as I see in the presentation, now, it 
has gone up to around 32,000, 33,000. So, without any major significant 
expansion, your debt is going up. So, when you go through this CAPEX, 
further, you will take the debt from the bank. That is what I think. So, do 
you have any picture about what is the peak level of debt SAIL is thinking 
about? 
Praveen Nigam: 
First of all, let me answer your query that the debt has increased. You see, 
the debt increase was because of the abnormal increase in the imported 
coal prices which has cooled down substantially. So, going forward, you 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
can see there has been consistent reduction as far as the debt is concerned 
without any expansion which was in the range of 35,000 in the month of 
September, has already come down to 32,600. And as we told that, it will 
further come down by the end of this financial year and we will be 
maintaining at least that level of 31st March 2024 if not less. As far as the 
expansion is concerned, our projection is that it should remain 1:1. But at 
the peak sometimes it might go up to 1.2 but not beyond that whatever the 
projection we have made. 
Mohit Bansali: 
Okay, sir. Sir, this expansion, don't you think that first of all you should 
control your cost like your employee cost, your operational cost, even 
your net sales realization is not good as compared to private players, so 
don't you think that first you should improve overall your own 
performance, because right now your capacity is around 20 million crude 
steel that you are not able to produce because market is not that favorable, 
so don't you think first of all you should improve all your parameters and 
generate some good cash and then you should go for the expansion, sir? 
Praveen Nigam: 
As you see, one of the investors has asked a query what was the reason for 
a better performance as compared to a peer in the previous question, we 
said that we are in the process of improving our techno-economic 
parameters as there has been substantial improvements. So, that result will 
come, as far as the cost is concerned, the cost will further come down and 
will give benefit to us. Now, it's a continuous process, it's not that first we 
have to do this and then we go for the expansion. We are continuously 
focusing on improving our performance as far as the cost is concerned, 
improving our product mix, which will ultimately give benefit as far as the 
cash realization is concerned. We are expecting that going forward, the 
NSR will also strengthen, because we are expecting there will be some 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
relief from the government as far as the safeguard duty is concerned and 
the coal prices which are continuously coming down and maintaining a 
level of $188 to $190 per ton. So, this all will give generation of additional 
cash. So, we will be in a position to maintain a debt-equity ratio of 1:1 on 
an overall basis, and I think debt-equity ratio of 1:1 with the expansion of 
15 mt is a quality good proposition. 
Mohit Bansali: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Got it. Sir, third question is, are we going to get revised 
rail prices next year or what is the current rail price you're getting from the 
railways? 
Praveen Nigam: 
You see, price declaration probably would not be very good in this forum. 
We will give you offline. We have got the rail price for '22-23 from the 
CA cost. As far as '23-24 is concerned, yes, all is to the CA cost as you are 
aware, therefore rail price, railways has given this responsibility to chief 
adviser cost, it is a department of expenditure in the Ministry of Finance, 
they give the fair value of a particular product. For '23-24, we are in the 
process of finalizing a price. It has not yet come. And we are expecting 
that soon it will come and will give benefit to us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management 
is able to address questions from all the participants, please limit your 
question to two per participant. If you have a follow up question, I would 
request you to rejoin the queue. The next question is from the line of 
Pallav Agrawal from Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Pallav Agrawal: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. So, first question was on - 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. I would request you to please use your handset. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Pallav Agrawal: 
Yes, I am using the handset. Am I audible now? 
Pallav Agrawal: 
Sir, first question was on the coking coal. So, with imported coking coal 
prices coming down, is there an indexation for domestic coal as well or 
domestic coal prices stay the same despite imported coking coal prices 
coming down? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Actually, this domestic coal prices have import parity with both upper and 
lower capping. So, there is a parity with the imported coal. So, naturally 
when there is a parity, so there will be some reduction in the domestic coal 
price also. 
Pallav Agrawal: 
Okay, but may not be in the same proportion as a fall in import? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Not be in the same because there is upper capping or lower capping 
involved, so they may not be in the same proportion, but yes, reduction 
will be there. 
Pallav Agrawal: 
Okay. And what would be the proportion – is it 85-15% mix between 
domestic and imported? 
Praveen Nigam: 
We are using a blend of you can say almost 85% of the imported coal and 
15% of the domestic coal at SAIL as a whole. 
Pallav Agrawal: 
Okay. And do we purchase any coke externally or most of it is captive 
coke? 
Praveen Nigam: 
No, no, no, we are producing, we are not procuring, there could be one-off 
cases when we might have procured, but otherwise no, as a policy we are 
not procuring. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Pallav Agrawal: 
Sure, sir. Okay. And I just missed the CAPEX number that you mentioned 
for the nine months FY25 and FY25 guidance. If you could just - 
Praveen Nigam: 
I said that it was 3,900 crores in this particular financial year till December 
and next year that is FY26 expected is 7,500. 
Pallav Agrawal: 
Right. Thank you. That's it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratim Roy from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pratim Roy: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. You mentioned that 15 mt capacity 
will come into play and what will be the timeline for that? You said that it 
is by 2031. And if you could give me the detailed breakup of 15 mt? And 
secondly, how much cost will be incurred on that basis? And if the 
capacity go up, then how much will be funded through internal cash and 
how much will be the debt portion on that? Thank you. 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes. As we said that our total expansion envisaged by 2031 is 15 mt, out 
of which around 7 mt has already got the first phase expansion in IISCO, 
Bokaro and Durgapur. And for this Rourkela and this Bhilai steel plant, 
we are still in the process of getting this first stage approval. We cannot 
exactly tell the quantity or quantum which is going to come in these two 
plants, but roughly it will be in the range of Rourkela say around 3.5 mt 
additional and rest will be in Durgapur in the second phase. 
Pratim Roy: 
Okay, sir. What is the CAPEX impact of 15 mt expansion? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Roughly, if you say, thumb rule figure that it would be in the range of 
1,10,000 to 1,20,000 crores of 15 mt. As far as the funding is concerned, 
we are maintaining 1:1, that is the debt-equity ratio. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Pratim Roy: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Chaudhari from 
Prabhudas Lilladher Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Chaudhari: Yes, good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the question and thanks for the 
opportunity. Sir. in earlier con calls once we had discussed in 1Q FY25 
that we had a few long-term agreements for coking coal with few of the 
coal miners. Just wanted to know, are they over and when will we get the 
benefit of lower coking coal over the period, can the imported coal cost to 
go down to Rs.16,000, Rs.17,000 per ton in the next few quarters? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes. As we said in the previous con-call also, the long-term contract what 
we are having is a continuous process and it will keep moving in the 
similar fashion. So, there is no issue as far as the contract is concerned for 
the coal mines is concerned. 
Tushar Chaudhari: So, now with the lower prices also we are doing long-term agreement? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes, yes. Actually, you see, we have a long-term contract, but the prices 
are determined by the average of flat and long index, the discounts are 
given based on that on the monthly basis. So, there is no issue as far as the 
price is concerned. The moment this index come down, the prices will 
come down automatically. 
Tushar Chaudhari: And secondly, sir, in this result, do we have any one-off item in other 
expenses, because if I do it on per ton basis, it is quite low? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Can you repeat your question? 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Tushar Chaudhari: Is there any one-off item in lower other expenses? Basically, other 
expenses is lower vis-à-vis the prior quarters on per ton basis which is 
around Rs.16,000. 
Praveen Nigam: 
No, there is no specific item under the other expenses which we can 
mention here. It's a general improvement you can say in all. 
Tushar Chaudhari: Great. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Singh from 
PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Singh: 
Good afternoon, sir, and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just wanted to 
understand one thing, out of all our plants, Durgapur has the largest semis 
component. So, basically any downstream projects which we are taking to 
bring down this semis content if you could give us some insight into it? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes, we have a plan to bring down this 1 mt TMT mill and also on BU 
basis 0.4 mt TMT mill. So, the plan is to utilize the semis as much as 
possible internally. 
Vikas Singh: 
So, by when this TMT mills are supposed to come? 
Praveen Nigam: 
The process is on. The starting stage has already been received, we are in 
the process of as I told the forming of the cost, and after that you can say 
roughly it will take another three to four years. 
Vikas Singh: 
So, till then this semis component will continue as it is, right? 
Praveen Nigam: 
No. As we said in our opening remarks that we are in the process of tying 
up with the conversion agent and our semis in the sales has come down 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
substantially. So, we are continuing in that process. We will further 
increase our conversion agreement with the various parties. The efforts are 
already on to reduce the semis portion as far as the saleable steel is 
concerned. 
Vikas Singh: 
Understood. And sir, just couple of calls back, you have given us some 
insight into our low grade iron ore as well as pellet plant capacity to utilize 
this low grade further. So, any further update on the same, what is 
happening in the Jharkhand, whether we got the approval and when our 
pellet plants are coming up so that we can utilize Goa ore which is not 
unutilized as of now? 
Praveen Nigam: 
As far as the Goa iron ore is concerned, that is subgrade iron ore fines 
which is lying there. For conversion of that into the pelletization, we are 
yet to get this first stage approval from the board. We are in the process of 
forming of the board note and if we put to the board and once the approval 
is given, we'll go ahead, but the plan is there to convert it to pellet. Am I 
clear? 
Vikas Singh: 
Mostly. So, any near-term plan to sell iron ore as well because we still 
have a permission in Odisha and Chhattisgarh? 
Praveen Nigam: 
We have a permission in Odisha and Chhattisgarh. There we are selling 
also. In Jharkhand, we are yet to get that local approval from the state 
government. If we get the approval from the state government, which we 
are pursuing with the government, we will sell also, there is no such thing 
that we cannot sell. But till the time we get the approval, we have to use it 
domestically internally only. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rashi Chopra from 
Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Rashi Chopra: 
Thank you. Just some bookkeeping questions. What is the current NSR for 
flats and long separately? 
Praveen Nigam: 
You mean to say for Q3? 
Rashi Chopra: 
No, current. You give us a blended for January was 48,400. 
Praveen Nigam: 
For January, the NSR in the long was 51,500 and this flat was 45,800 and 
blended was 48,400. 
Rashi Chopra: 
Got it. In FY25, what is your CAPEX target as in what is remaining for 
the fourth quarter? 
Praveen Nigam: 
In FY25, our total CAPEX target is 5,700, out of which 3,900 we have 
already incurred by December, so the remaining you can say 1,800 in the 
next three months, that is January, February and March. 
Rashi Chopra: 
Got it. You've given us a crude steel target for the year, but sales volume 
wise, how much have you done in January, and what is the target for the 
full year? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Up to January, we have achieved the sales target of 1.57 mt and our total 
target is around 17.5 mt for the whole year. 
Rashi Chopra: 
Got it. And just a last question from me. You gave the total inventory for 
semi-finished and finished, 2.98. What is the finished goods amount in 
there? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Finished goods is 1.79 mt. 

 
Steel Authority of India 
February 12, 2025 
 
Rashi Chopra: 
And this was 1.93 mt as of September, right? 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes, it was 1.93 mt number, that's right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Praveen Nigam: 
Yes, thank you very much. My closing comments are, the forecast of the 
Indian economy by various agencies have been quite encouraging and the 
support by the government is strengthening the belief that the economy 
will continue to do well, steel demand also continues to prosper, and we 
are hopeful that the price will maintain the momentum that has gained 
post-monsoon. Apart from the improvement in the operational 
performance, the Company also remains committed towards sustainable 
performance including emphasis on the decarbonization, improving 
capacity utilization, value addition and achieving cost competitiveness. I 
thank all the investor for their reposing faith in us and I am hopeful that 
the same will continue in the future as well. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Nuvama Wealth Management Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
