 
 
Hikal Ltd. 
 
Admin. Office: Great Eastern Chambers, 6th Floor, Sector 11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614, India. Tel. + 91–22–6277 0299, + 91–22–6866 0300 
 
Regd. Office: 717, Maker Chambers - 5, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400 021, India. Tel. +91-22 6277 0477. Fax: + 91-22 6277 0500 
 
www.hikal.com        info@hikal.com        CIN: L24200MH1988PTC048028 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
BSE Ltd., 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Scrip Code: 524735 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: HIKAL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings call for quarter ended December 31, 2024 
 
In continuation of our letters dated January 29, 2025 and February 4, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call to discuss the financial 
and operational performance for the period ended Q3 & 9M’FY25, held on Tuesday, February 
4, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
for HIKAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Rajasekhar Reddy 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Rajasekhar 
Reddy 
Chintakindi
Digitally signed by 
Rajasekhar Reddy 
Chintakindi 
Date: 2025.02.10 
11:51:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
Hikal Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 04, 2025 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 4th February 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SAMEER HIREMATH – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. KULDEEP JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ANISH SWADI – SENIOR PRESIDENT, BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION 
AND STRATEGY 
MR. VIMAL KULSHRESTHA – HEAD, CROP PROTECTION DIVISION  
 
 
 
 
 
. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Hikal Limited Q3 and 9MFY25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Before we move on to the presentation, a small disclaimer to all the participants. This conference 
call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not 
the guarantees of future performance and involves risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer Hiremath, Managing Director, Hikal 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Sameer, sir. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and a warm welcome to all of you. We extend 
our gratitude to all of you for participating in our Q3 and 9MFY25 results conference call. We 
are pleased to provide you with an update on the progress made by your company. We trust that 
you have had the opportunity to review our earnings release, investor presentation and the 
financial statements for the quarter ended 31st December 2024. These documents can be 
accessed on both Hikal's website and the stock exchange's website. 
I am Sameer Hiremath, Managing Director, Hikal Limited, and I will be leading the discussion 
and presenting the financial results. On this call with me, I have Anish Swadi, Senior President 
of Business Transformation and Strategy; Kuldeep Jain, Chief Financial Officer; Vimal 
Kulshrestha, Head of our Crop Protection Division; and Strategic Growth Advisors, Investor 
Relations Advisors. 
 
As we move into 2025, the global chemical market is poised for stabilization and growth 
following a gradual recovery observed in the last year. Key trends indicate a modest increase in 
demand across various sectors, spurred by advances in innovation, transformation, digitally and 
sustainability. 
 
We have a focus on key areas like demand growth, sustainability initiatives, technological 
advancements and operational excellence. Despite the ongoing challenges such as pricing 
pressure from competitors, especially from China, the global crop protection industry is expected 
to stabilize in the next 2 to 3 quarters. 
In Q3 FY25, our revenue amounted to INR448 crores with an EBITDA of INR72 crores, 
reflecting an EBITDA growth of 11% on a Y-o-Y basis. For 9MFY '25, revenue stood at 
INR1,307 crores with an EBITDA of INR205 crores, a growth of 3% and 18%, respectively. 
Our business initiatives have resulted in increased operating cash flow of INR102 crores on a 9-
month basis Y-o-Y. 
Board of Directors at the Board meeting concluded this afternoon have recommended an interim 
dividend of INR0.6 per share, which is 30% of the face value. We have capitalized our new 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
multipurpose facility at Panoli last month. We expect the ramp-up from this facility over the 
next 2 to 3 years. 
As we approach the end of this financial year, we expect to deliver positive results on a full year 
basis, led by stronger profit and margin growth. In the current quarter, we have enhanced our 
margin profile on account of operating leverage and cost improvement initiatives as well as 
improvement in our product mix. 
For our API business, we are witnessing recovery on the back of improved volume uptakes, 
which is expected to remain steady in the coming quarters. We are strengthening our position in 
our portfolios, launching in new geographies, onboarding new registrations, which are beginning 
to come through. 
On the CDMO side, several projects are moving towards validation and commercialization after 
completing the development process. We are well positioned to capitalize on the healthy pipeline 
that we have during our development and in our validation plans and are prepared to foster long-
term growth with our global innovator customers in the CDMO business. 
Additionally, on the Animal Health side, our project under the long-term agreement with a 
leading global innovator company is advancing smoothly and as per plan with validation of 
seven products already completed and the balance to be completed in the next few months. We 
are engaging with several innovator customers and experiencing significant positive traction, 
resulting in an increase in new product pipeline and a healthy RFP inflows. 
The crop protection sector is starting to exhibit signs of stabilization. There has been a rise in 
domestic demand, which is supporting our own products as well as a lot of innovator RFPs, 
which have started to come through now in our CDMO business, signalling a long-awaited 
uptick in the industry. 
Although China Plus One is expected to strengthen in the current operating environment, intense 
pricing pressure and dumping continues from the Chinese competitors for generics and 
commodity products. Hikal's strategy is to work towards more on NCEs - new chemical entities 
and new technologies in the crop and the pharmaceutical business. 
For the Pharma business, for the quarter ended December 31, 2024, our Pharmaceutical business 
reported revenues of INR293 crores and an EBIT of INR33 crores, which is a significant increase 
of 450 basis points on a Y-o-Y basis based on improvement in product mix and operating 
leverage. 
Our API business is also experiencing volume growth due to successful global customer 
acquisitions. Furthermore, on the CDMO front, we are moving towards supplying validation 
quantities of several NCE molecules in the upcoming quarters. Commercial supply will be 
initiated by the end of calendar year '26, beginning '27. 
For the API business, we are exhibiting strong growth on a QoQ basis. We remain committed to 
boosting volume demand by expanding our market presence and our market share and adding 
on board new customers while also increasing the share of business for our existing clientele. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Additionally, we are leveraging our market reach through the enhancement of our product 
offerings. Currently, our product development pipeline includes eight to nine products, and we're 
anticipating to launch three to four products annually. 
On the CDMO front, we have seen consistently improvements in offtake from key innovators, a 
trend that is expected to persist and improve in the upcoming quarters. Our CDMO business 
experienced an uptick in inquiries, particularly with a greater focus on NCE molecules from 
various innovator companies. 
We are committed to seizing these opportunities as several promising discussions are advancing 
towards development and validation. Additionally, our two projects for NCEs are making 
notable strides in Phase III clinical trials with their respective innovators and are expected to 
launch very soon. 
This progress is anticipated to support our growth as we plan to ramp up operations in FY'26, 
'27. Moreover, our food ingredients projects is progressing well, and we expect it to achieve 
peak revenue in the next 2 to 3 years. Overall, the pharmaceutical business is on a growth 
trajectory as it adapts to changing market dynamics, regulatory environments and consumer 
demands. 
Companies that prioritize cost efficiency, operational excellence, quality and sustainability 
excellence and innovation will be well equipped to enhance profitability and revenue, setting the 
stage for a prosperous 2025 and beyond. Collaboration within the industry and with regulatory 
bodies will be essential to navigate challenges and seize opportunities for growth in the evolving 
landscape. 
Now I'll hand over to Vimal, who will provide an overview of the Crop Protection division's 
performance. Over to you, Vimal. 
Vimal Kulshrestha: 
Thank you, Sameer. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Financials for Crop Protection 
division. In Q3 FY '25, the revenue for our Crop Protection business stood at INR154 crores 
with an EBIT of INR14 crores and EBIT margin of 9%. We have several projects in progress 
with our current innovative clients as well as prospective new customers, and we are seeing 
encouraging momentum with several companies in CDMO sector for both development and 
contract manufacturing. 
About the business verticals we have in own products in line with our growth plans, we are 
aggressively identifying and developing new product opportunities to further expand our 
offering and derisk our customer and product portfolio. For our specialty products, we are 
witnessing increase in traction with customers, especially in new product areas. 
In CDMO business, currently, it has a strong pipeline of eight products from both current and 
prospective clients. By successfully pursuing these opportunities, we expect to strengthen our 
position among global innovators and promote growth in CDMO business over medium to long 
term. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Overall crop business strategically, we are investing in research and development, embracing 
sustainable practices and adopting precision technologies. We will be well equipped to capture 
opportunities presented in this dynamic market. While challenges continue to arise, our focus on 
adaptability and innovation will be crucial in successfully navigating the ever-evolving 
landscape of agrochemical sector. Together, we can drive meaningful change and position 
ourselves for success in the future. 
Now I would hand over to Anish, who will provide an overview of Animal Health business 
and business strategy. Over to you, Anish. 
Anish Swadi: 
Thank you, Vimal. First, I'd like to discuss a brief on the Animal Health business. The 
development of various APIs for an animal health innovator is moving forward successfully 
under our long-term agreement. We expect to complete the validation of the portfolio in the 
upcoming 2 quarters, which will assist us in securing the product registration in various countries 
and ultimately enable the launch of these products across several global markets. 
 
Post that, we will be in a position to commercially sell the products across the world. We are 
proactively engaging with several new clients in the animal health space for process 
development and the synthesis of several complex molecules for NCEs, and the outcomes so far 
have been promising. We continue to garner several new inquiries from companies across the 
globe. 
On our transformation project, Project Pinnacle, it has already been showing some positive 
results over the past several quarters. We have made significant progress in maintaining growth 
across our diverse operations. We have amplified our dedication to ESG initiatives, expanded 
our geographical reach, upgraded our technology initiatives and attracted new customers by 
bringing them on board. 
Additionally, we are consistently investing about 4.5% to 5% of our revenue into our R&D to 
drive innovation in products and services that meet the changing demands of all our customers. 
Our commitment to continuous improvement and innovation positions us to stay well ahead in 
the market dynamics and preserve our industry leadership. 
As we move into the next phase of our strategic plan, we are prioritizing the front end to seize 
opportunities that will strengthen our business pipeline. We have further strengthened our front-
end business development teams globally, which will help us capture more opportunities as they 
present themselves. 
Overall, we remain optimistic about our future and are confident that our strategic initiatives and 
focus on sustainability will equip us to face challenges and achieve long-term sustainable 
growth. 
Now I would like to open the floor to Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have our 
first question from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Investments. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Very encouraging to see the strong commentary on the pharma business and also the bottoming 
out of the agrochemical business. So my first question is on the pharma side. On the CDMO 
front, you mentioned about various molecules in Phase III trials and plus close to 
commercialization. And so, I would like to understand, first, so what is the pipeline of molecules 
do we have, which are in Phase III and IV trials? If you could share some number? 
And secondly, the commercialization expectation, should we be expecting any in the FY '26 or 
everything will come in FY '27? And also, how many molecules are moving -- you feel are close 
to the commercialization and validation? That's my question on pharma side. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Hi Dhaval. So, we have currently about , 13 to 14 products in the CDMO under various pipelines, 
and most of them are between Phase II and Phase III. Phase IV is already getting into launch 
mode. Out of that, two products are very close to launch, which we expected to be launched in 
-- towards the end of financial year FY '26. And the others will get launched if everything goes 
well, in FY '27 and beyond. 
Apart from this, we're adding on every quarter new inquiries and new molecules. So the pipeline 
is building up. A few years ago, this pipeline was a few products, then it became 5 to 6 products. 
Now we're talking of 13 to 14 products. As we go forward, the number of projects during -- 
between Phase II B and Phase III will be at any given time, we're targeting to increase this 
number well beyond 14. 
And even in these products, which are apart from this, we have many -- these are all NCEs, as 
you know. We have some proprietary products, which are products which are just about going 
off generic, but we have a CDMO manufacturing opportunity, which will also be substantial. 
But the customers are looking at moving their supply chains. Those are also increasing. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So these two molecules you mentioned are going to be commercialized in end of FY '26, 
and those are NCEs, if I heard it correctly? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. At the end of '26, very early '27. That's the customer indication that we have as of now. 
Yes, all NCE molecules, yes. 
Dhaval Shah: 
So now if you see in the history of Hikal, it is the first time where an NCE molecule is getting 
commercialized for us, which was in CDMO space? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
yes, these are advanced intermediates. This is not the final API. Customers decided to do the last 
step in-house, the last couple of stages. But yes, this is not the first time. We have done in the 
past, but not at this scale. They were very early on intermediates. This is advanced intermediates 
of significant potential going forward, yes. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And then -- so two molecules getting commercialized by the customer, I mean, the 
customer being the innovator in FY '26 and 1 molecule in FY '27 is what you are expecting? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. And that can -- we're looking at how to accelerate. It also depends on clinical trials, right? 
I mean this is the latest number. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes, yes. So all these are Phase III giving very promising results post Phase III? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
That's right. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And so now putting this into the numbers, how do you see this -- the CDMO side of the 
pharma business growing over the next 3 years for us? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Well, I think if you look at our current portfolio today, although our CDMO business -- it is -- 
and our own product business is more or less 50-50, if you look at historically last few years, 
right. But from a going forward, I think CDMO will overtake the generics business. So it may 
be working towards a 60-40 type of split from a revenue perspective. 
 
But our generic business also is taking in. We're filing in 3-4 DMFs every year. Our existing 
products also volumes are growing. We're entering new geographies and new approvals. But it's 
not only that. There's a stepwise growth as against -- that's going to happen in the business. We 
have a plan in place that we have launched our Pinnacle strategy that we started working on 2 
years ago. 
 
And we have a detailed plan for the next 3 to 5 years. Things are moving as per the plan. We 
have a very structured approach for customer acquisition, new product development and market 
penetration and market expansion. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Got it. So, these three molecules combined, which will be commercialized, could give us what 
sort of revenue, if you can give us any direction? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
I don't think it's too early to give you the number. It depends on how the NCE picks up and the 
volumes pick up. Customers expect them, if you read market reports of the customers, they are 
expected to be all blockbuster drugs. So, I think it -- time will tell, but they are quite promising, 
yes. 
Dhaval Shah: 
And from the -- as a percentage of the end market revenue of that concern drug, our revenue 
share should be how much, around 1%, 1.5%. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Typically depends on the product, right, API cost to the total or advanced intermediate cost 
depending on -- it's a few percentages of the total formulation value, end product value. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes. And  will we be the sole advanced intermediate supplier in all these or? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Either one, or one of two. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Got it. Yes. And on the margins front, in the current quarter, our Pharma business has slightly 
seen a drop in the EBIT margin. What would you  alluded that drop to change in the product mix 
or some CDMO revenues, it has gone from 14% to 11%. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. I think, see, in our business, it's not fair to look at a QoQchange. You should look at more 
of 6 months to 6 months or annual change because customers say moves up supplies around like 
all of the supplies, which are supposed to happen in December, customers said, can you ship it 
to us in January because of inventories. So, it's a little phasing of the molecules. But if you look 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
at annually, it's a correct way to look at our business, because on a 9-month basis, our Pharma 
business has grown from 5% to 10% EBIT, that's doubled --. So that is more representative than 
rather looking from a QoQ up and down. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Got it. And from a longer-term perspective, given the couple of whatever the growth drivers you 
spoke about, can we assume around -- can we be moving towards 20% to 22% EBITDA margins 
over by FY '27. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
In the Pharma business? 
Dhaval Shah: 
So, overall, at a company level? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Our aim is to cross the 20% barrier, which we were historically doing about 2, 3 years ago. So, 
our target is to cross that first and go beyond that also, yes. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Got it. Yes, and just bookkeeping question, what would be our… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. May I please request you to rejoin the queue as there are several 
participants waiting for this? 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Amar Maurya from Lucky Investments. 
Amar Maurya: 
Just wanted to understand, on the pharma scale up, this quarter, the CDMO has dropped. So, any 
specific reason for this? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Pharma scaleup, CDMO was dropped? 
Amar Maurya: 
I mean CDMO percentage as of the overall Pharma revenue came down from 80% to 56% in 
this particular quarter, right? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Crop Protection versus Pharma,you're talking about. 
Amar Maurya: 
No. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Are you talking about pharma or talking about crop. 
Amar Maurya: 
Sir, in both the cases, we have some CDMO, right? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. 
Amar Maurya: 
So basically, in Pharma, what would be the CDMO percentage in 9-month basis? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
9 months, I will tell you 1 minute. 9 months, our Pharma CDMO percentage is about 40%. 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. Is it dropped significantly, like in the quarter? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
It has not dropped. It has gone up. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Amar Maurya: 
It's gone up. Okay. And what would be the CDMO percentage of Crop Chemical? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
It's about -- historically, it's about 70%. Please look at Slide 14 on the investor presentation. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Good to hear that both the segments are recovering. Animal Health is doing progress. So, first 
question on the Animal Health front. We have been working on the validation for the innovator. 
Have we also started for the validation for ex innovator customers? And if yes, then what is the 
timeline that we are looking at? And if not yet, then again, I mean, what could be the timeline 
when the validation will start, and we'll expect some commercial supplies? 
Anish Swadi: 
Yes. So, I'll just take a step back. When we look at validation for the innovator customer, what 
we do is we basically are validating the product, right, for all customers. So, when the validation 
happens, it's not only for one customer, it's for all customers because we're scaling up the product 
and putting it into commercial and getting all the data for filing. 
 
So, at the same simultaneous time, we've been marketing it or sending samples to external 
customers as well. So, we started that phase almost 12 to 14 months ago. And as we went through 
the product life cycles of validating several products, we've been also shipping samples to 
customers across the globe. 
Overall, we expect like a lead time of anywhere between 14 and 16 months from the time of 
validating the product in order to get the approvals to sell it in that particular country, depending 
on the geography we're selling it into. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. So effectively, what you have said in the presentation and comments that next couple of 
quarters, the validation will be completed.  That stays put? 
Anish Swadi: 
Yes, that's correct. So -- but we've also started validating some products or some of the portfolio 
early on, right. So those products have been undergoing registration, and then we shortly -- we 
should be able to sell it. In the next quarter or so, as those product registrations come through, 
we'll be able to sell those products. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So just one clarification here. So effectively, FY '26 will be the first year of commercialization 
of some of the products and revenue generation from those products? 
Anish Swadi: 
That's correct. In addition to what we've received in terms of validation revenue. So, validation 
revenue will end and then commercial revenues will start sometime towards the end of FY '26. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
The second question is on Project Pinnacle. So, we've seen improvement in both the businesses 
margins. Can you quantify how much of this improvement has come because of Project 
Pinnacle? And if not, then how much of incremental upside can be seen from current levels? So 
maybe the benefits to the tune of, say, 50%, 60% have been acknowledged in the current margins 
or maybe 30%, 40% will be left over for the next foreseeable future. So just a comment from 
that perspective? 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Anish Swadi: 
Sure. So, I'll just take a step back in terms of assessing what Project Pinnacle was all about. 
Project Pinnacle was a program designed to -- when we were in COVID, we decided that, look, 
we wanted to know where the market is going to be in the next 5 years and where we should 
position ourselves to capture those opportunities. 
 
So, when we got our partners on board, we realistically stripped down the entire company and 
said, look, what are the gaps in each of the operating divisions, what are the gaps in terms of 
how we need to be more efficient from a manufacturing perspective, from an organization 
perspective. 
 
It was not all only about getting an incremental cost benefit out of it. It was also to kind of realign 
ourselves to take advantage of what we think the next future opportunities are going to be. So, 
Project Pinnacle was revolved around the strategy of the business and then implementing the 
strategy. 
 
So, as Sameer mentioned in his opening conversation, we have a 3- and 5-year detailed strategy 
plan of where we are today and where we want to go in the next 5 years. And Project Pinnacle 
has laid out that strategy in detail, highlighting what the gaps are, how do we fill those gaps in 
and what we need to add on in order to capture the opportunities as we go forward. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just one clarification here. So, getting to about 20% plus margins is also a part of this maybe by 
FY '27? 
Anish Swadi: 
Absolutely. I mean it's not only increasing the revenue, but increasing the margin profile, 
selection of products, which are the areas of focus in terms of business that we need to win, what 
are the growth drivers, what is the ESG goals. So, it's a whole round strategy exercise. It wasn't 
just focusing only on the bottom line, right? Obviously, the bottom line is what we're all working 
towards. But putting all these factors together in ensuring that we deliver a positive and 
sustainable bottom line over the next several years. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, my first question was on the veterinary side. So, with commencement of commercial sales 
from FY '26 onwards, how big can this segment become for us over the next 2, 3 years, if you 
can highlight what is the potential for this segment to grow in the next 2 to 3 years, FY '27, '28? 
Anish Swadi: 
Yes. So, I'll take it a little further. I mean, we were always in the Animal Health business, but 
one of the results of Project Pinnacle, as we talked about earlier, was to really focus on this 
business and become a key supplier, a niche supplier to the animal health industry. And we've 
done that very successfully. 
I think over the next 5 years, we'd like this to become an independent division by itself, stand-
alone, just like we have Pharmaceuticals and we have the Crop Protection division. So, we really 
see a significant amount of growth in excess of INR400-plus crores of business over the next 5 
years. So that's the long-term plan that we have and even grow it beyond that. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And with this -- the contract with the innovator that we have, that also contributing in a 
big way, what can be the margins in this segment? What kind of margins will generate? 
Anish Swadi: 
So, the margins will be -- on the contribution side, I would estimate the margins to be 45% plus, 
right? Because the portfolio in the Animal Health business is a mix. It's a mix of what we call 
existing generic portfolios or existing generic products, coupled with CDMO type business as 
well. So, it will be very similar to our current businesses that we have in terms of the Pharma 
and the Crop Protection business in terms of the split, right? 
So we're starting off right now with a portfolio that's a niche portfolio, but it's an existing generic 
portfolio where we've refiled all the products. So, they are new products, but they're already 
existing on the market. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So -- but given we also being innovative products, shouldn't the margins be higher gross margins 
because even at the company level, we do higher margins than the 45% gross margin that you're 
indicating? 
Anish Swadi: 
Yes, certainly. I mean, like I said, is that the NCE type or the CDMO type products will be in 
excess of 50% in terms of gross margins, right? But again, it's -- I'm talking about the entire 
Animal Health business, right? It will be in excess of 45%. Some products will be even 55%. 
Some products will be 45% to 50%, right? 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. And Sameer, one question on the long-term growth prospects for the company. If you 
look at our history, like we had touched almost INR2,000 crores revenue in FY '23 and last 2 
years have been challenging because of the issues that we have seen on both the segments. So -
- and we have done quite a bit of capex over the past 3 to 4 years, almost INR600 crores, INR700 
crores plus. 
 
And with this -- with the kind of new products that we are seeing on both Pharma and Agrochem 
side, and these are like we are looking at a tie-up with innovators for CDMO CRAMS products. 
So, over the next 2 to 3 years, like how do we see the growth in the company? Like margins you 
have spoken about our aspiration to reach 20%. 
 
Let's say, 27%, 28%, what kind of revenue are we looking at, at the company level with so many 
things happening, both on Pharma, Agrochem as well as on the veterinary API side? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
I think we are anticipating a growth in the next 3 to 5 years of high teens per year-on-year CAGR 
if you were to project ourselves out and we were sitting together here in FY '28, 3-4 years from 
now, and we have to review where the business was in FY '24 and where we are stepwise, we'll 
get there. 
 
And margins will cross then margins will cross the 20% number. I mean, our aim is to get well 
in excess of 20%. And mid- to high teens is where we're targeting year-on-year CAGR growth. 
And with that operational leverage will play out, EBITDA margins will improve, and we're 
working more towards the CDMO pipeline where we're getting involved in proprietary products 
and NCEs. That is the strategy for the overall business. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
And the 15%, 20% growth, can we take INR2,000 crores as the base for that because last 2 years, 
we have seen decline in revenues, right, like we have. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. That's right. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And my last question was that on the agrochemical side. So here also, you have spoken a bit on 
opportunities on the innovative side. So, if you can talk a bit about that, how many launches we 
are looking at on the innovator side over the next 2 to 3 years? And any other pipeline 
development on the CRAMS on innovative side on agrochemical as well? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. So, the agrochemical space, I mean, there has been some pricing pressures and volume 
pressure because of the overall slowdown in the industry and also the China dumping effect. So, 
we are also retooling our product offerings, and we are working more towards the NCEs and the 
CDMO pipeline. 
 
And we have several, as Vimal mentioned, we have more than 8 active projects which are under 
filing or under launch in the next 2 to 3 years. And these will drive growth FY '27 onwards, I 
would say. I think there's a few more quarters of pain left for the crop business while things 
come back to growth phase or the worst is behind us and we are using this opportunity to 
strengthen our offerings and to onboard new contracts and new customers. 
And again, like the Pharma business where the number of RFPs that we have today and the 
number of wins that we have versus maybe 2 years ago have increased substantially. So, it's a 
little bit of a pain for the short term, but I think medium to long term. The crop assets are also 
being repurposed into the specialty chemicals business. So, we're using the same infrastructure 
and the same assets to launch products in the specialty chemicals space for global innovator 
customers where the growth is going, say significant, where we see better margin profile, where 
a company with our reputation and standards is preferred and where China Plus One definitely 
is playing out to a large extent. 
Ankit Gupta: 
But the seven, eight products that you were referring to, these are all innovative products, these 
are a mix of generic or the largely generic products? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Not all innovator products. Some are generic innovator called proprietary off-patent and some 
are NCE on-patent chemistry as well. They're not commodity generics. None of them are 
commodity products. 
Moderator: 
Thank You. We have our next question from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Sameer, while answering to a participant, you mentioned the keyword blockbuster. What could 
be the peak potential of an average NCE CDMO? I mean, can any of these molecules after, say, 
3, 4 years of launch because there is always a ramp-up period, you will not get the peak sales in 
year 1. 
 
But let's assume we touch the peak potential of these NCE molecules that we have in late phase 
3 or 4 years out. I mean, can each of them individually or can any of them fetch us INR500 
crores or thereabout on an annualized run rate when they reach that peak potential? Is that -- I 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
mean, is that what you mean by a blockbuster? Or is it -- I'm not getting the right end of the stick 
here? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
See, I think it all depends on the size of the molecule and the growth aspirations and depends on 
the dosage of the molecule. I think INR500 crores is a bit too high. It's very stretched. I mean 
we all aspire to get one or two those. But currently, with what we see, it could be INR50 crores 
in the worst case to maybe a few hundred crores per molecule in the best case, in that range. 
 
But we have multiple products that we will launch. It's not going to be focused on one or two 
products. The idea is to launch multiple products in any given year, increase our pipeline. So, a 
combination of that could generate INR400 crores, INR500 crores every year going forward. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Yes.  understood. And Sameer, there are no less than 20 high-quality small molecule CDMO 
companies in India. And what I mean by high quality is they have got immaculate regulatory 
compliance track record. They have the depth in the scientific research. So, in that kind of cohort, 
there are no less than 20 high-quality small molecule CDMO companies in India. Why do you 
think innovators come to Hikal? I mean what is so unique about Hikal that they are not getting 
elsewhere? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
I think the answer is right to some extent, and I'd like to defer to some extent as well. While 
there are several players in the CDMO space, it's a very vast service offering. You can do R&D 
services, you can do clinical trials, you can do manufacturing, you can do formulation 
development. So, the CDMO space is a very wide segment. What we participate in the segment 
that we participate, I would say there are probably five or six of companies of our repute and our 
credibility. And the reason I'm saying that is when we get customers to visit us, which were 
increasing presence of our customers, even today, we have a very large customer on one of our 
sites, they typically come to India for a week to 10 days, and they visit four or five companies 
during their visit. They spend 1 or 2 days, and we are on that list. So we are in that top 5, I would 
say, in the country. And we offer also a very strong pipeline capability from the R&D side as 
well as we have the manufacturing expertise. That's what differentiates us. The 20 companies 
that you mentioned about maybe being very strong -- very big in R&D, but they have less 
expertise in manufacturing. 
 
We also add the angle of being able to do cost improvements when the product goes off patent, 
life cycle management. Because of our specialty chemicals and the crop protection history of 36 
years, we have a lot of differentiated technology that we offer, and that can be leveraged and the 
know-how is available in our Pharma business as well. 
 
As well as our ESG track record, our sustainability initiatives and our quality compliance track 
record, we're able to  differentiate ourselves. And participate in a smaller pool of competitors 
rather than 20. We do have competition, but it is a smaller pool where we participate and where 
we project our capabilities. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Sure. And this movement of innovators trying to diversify away from China, is this 
predominantly seen in U.S. innovators and Japanese innovators? Or do you think some of the 
European innovators are also thinking that perhaps this time, they should also diversify? 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Sameer Hiremath: 
I think it's happening in all innovators. It's not only U.S. or Japan, more pronounced in U.S. and 
Japan. But Europeans also are beginning to look at this very seriously now. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Sure. And one last question, Sameer. In recent times, the innovators are getting very active 
around small molecules. Previously, there was a chatter around that biologics will rule the world 
ultimately and there will not be a place for small molecules. I mean, based on whatever research 
that I have done and interacted with the industry, there seems to be some shift happening there 
that innovators are now coming back and they are eyeing the small molecules, which they once 
kind of started vacating? 
What could possibly explain this shift in the behaviour? Is it something like the small molecules, 
GLPs, they are giving some ray of hope to these innovators? I mean why would they come back 
to small molecules kind of making a u-turn, if you like? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Well, I don't -- I'm not an expert on that to answer that. But my -- probably it has something to 
do with the drug delivery mechanism because the biologics are all mostly injectables and also 
the affordability. Small molecules are far more affordable than the biosimilars or biologics. I 
think -- and there's an incredible innovation in the small molecule space, which is happening. 
Even the largest GLP-1 drugs that are moving from injectables, they're moving to oral solids 
now because of affordability and widespread acceptance. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Yes. No, understood. I think that's exactly where I was also thinking along the lines that the 
small molecule GLPs are much more affordable versus a large molecule and say -- or even a 
peptide GLP for that matter. The cost of manufacturing, I think, is also lower, and therefore, the 
affordability angle is also better in small molecule GLP. So yes, I think, yes, understood. Thank 
you so much. All the very best. Look forward to fourth quarter and future years. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Desai from R.D Securities. 
Raj Desai: 
So I had a couple of questions. First being, if you could provide with the value and volume 
growth for Q3 and 9M on the Pharma side and on the Crop Protection side? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. Kuldeep. Why don't CFO take this numbers? Kuldeep? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes. Thanks, Sameer. For the 9-month basis, our volume in crop protection growth was 41%. 
And in Pharma, just 3.7%. 
Raj Desai: 
And on value terms? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
In value terms, our crop growth was -- degrowth was 3.3%, while the Pharma growth was 7.1%. 
So technically, we have not grown in value, we have grown in volume. 
Raj Desai: 
Okay. And sir, I have one more question. What are your views on the latest tariffs from the U.S.? 
And do you believe that it will provide an opportunity for India? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Anish, why don't you take that? 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Anish Swadi: 
So, look, of course, we've heard the news this morning about 10% tariffs on chemical companies 
in China. We're obviously looking at that. Those are in addition to supposedly 25% already 
existing tariffs that they have in place. But look, it's a volatile situation, right? We don't know 
how it's going to pan out, whether it's a negotiating tactic with the new administration. 
 
But overall, I think fundamentally, we do see a good opportunity for us in particular and for 
India as a country because the shift in terms of moving from China, particularly has been 
increasing over the past, not just few months, but I would say probably the 12 to 18 months, 
right? So almost 1, 1.5 years. So I think overall, the shift is happening. And we do see 
opportunities presenting themselves. 
I think the tariffs, we'll have to wait and watch to see what the impact is. It's not just easy to 
bring back manufacturing to a particular country to the U.S. or to any other country overnight. 
So, I think it will be a quid-pro-quo. We'll have to give up something in order to get something, 
but it's more about us waiting and watching to see how things pan out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: 
What will be our gross debt number as of 9 months? And what will be our operating cash flow 
for the 9 months? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
See, our debt was INR731 crores. It was December 2024. And as far as the positive cash flow is 
concerned, we have INR102 crores positive cash flow, operating cash flow. 
Dhaval Shah: 
INR102 crores. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes, positive cash flow. 
Dhaval Shah: 
INR102 crores. That's your operating cash flow, right? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes. And the capex for the current year, are we doing around INR140 crores, which was guided 
last quarter on the call. Is it the same number? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Absolutely. We are sticking to what we have said earlier. It will be INR140 crores to INR150 
crores. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And for FY '26, how much are we planning? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
As you mentioned earlier, typically, we have a plan of almost INR150 crores to INR200 crores 
each year. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And in terms of -- so we capitalized the Agrochem plant last month, as you mentioned. 
So how much would that amount be, the capitalized amount? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
INR340 crores. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
INR340 crores. Okay. Got it. And so now INR150 crores, INR200 crores capex what we'll be 
doing, so large will be our replacement and maintenance capex or some other expansion will 
also be part of it? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
See, 30% to 40% will be replacement capex. The balance will be the debottleneck growth capex. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. And I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sameer Hiremath for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Thank you everyone, for joining our quarterly earnings call and for your continued interest in 
our company. We appreciate your support as we navigate through the challenges of the global 
business environment. I wish to reiterate that our quarter-on-quarter performance will continue 
to yield positive growth and profitability through the end of this financial year. 
As we conclude this call, we want to assure you that we are here to address any further questions 
and concerns. Please feel free to reach out to us, our Investor Relations partners, Strategic 
Growth Advisors, as well. Once again, thank you for your participation. Goodbye, and have a 
very good evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Hikal Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
