 
GANESH BENZOPLAST LIMITED 
CIN: L24200MH1986PLC039836 
Regd. Office: Dina Building, 1st Floor, 53, Maharshi Karve Road, Marine Lines, Mumbai - 400 002 
Tel: 022- 6140 6000/22001928 
Email:  compliance@gblinfra.com  Website: www.ganeshbenzoplast.com 
 
 
Corp Office: 501/ 502, 'C' Wing, Lotus Corporate Park, Off. Western Express Highway, Laxmi 
Nagar, Goregaon (East), Mumbai - 400063. 
 
 
 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
To, 
 
The General Manager,  
Department 
of 
Corporate 
Services 
– 
Corporate Relations Department,  
BSE Limited, 
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Scrip ID: 500153 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G-Block, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip ID: GANESHBE 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference call held on Thursday, 13th February, 2025  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Conference Call held on Thursday,  
13th February, 2025 at 3.30 PM (IST) with the Investors and Analysts. 
 
This transcript of Conference Call is also posted on the website of the Company at 
www.ganeshbenzoplast.com 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Ganesh Benzoplast Limited  
 
 
Ekta Dhanda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
EKTA DHANDA
Digitally signed by EKTA 
DHANDA 
Date: 2025.02.17 17:08:58 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
“Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RISHI PILANI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – GANESH BENZOPLAST LIMITED 
MR. AMAR KABRA – GENERAL MANAGER, FINANCE 
AND TAXATION – GANESH BENZOPLAST LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. AALIYA SHAIKH – CAPITALSQUARE FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Ganesh Benzoplast Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by CapitalSquare Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal the 
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aaliya Shaikh from CapitalSquare Financial Services. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Aaliya Shaikh: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of CapitalSquare Financial Services, I 
welcome you all to Ganesh Benzoplast's Q3 FY '25 earnings call. Representing Ganesh 
Benzoplast, we have today with us Mr. Rishi Pilani, Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. 
Amar Kabra, General Manager, Finance and Taxation.  
Now I pass on the call to the management for their opening remarks, which will be followed by 
Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Thank you. Ms. Aaliya. Good afternoon, everybody. This is Rishi Pilani. Thank you so much 
for joining us for the Q3 FY '25 conference call. We will initiate the call by taking you through 
the business highlights for the period under review, after which we will open the forum for Q&A.  
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Amar Kabra, who's the GM, Finance and Taxation to share the 
quarter numbers with you. 
Amar Kabra: 
Yes, good afternoon, everybody. So for the quarter ended 31st December, 2025, I will give the 
highlight. During the Q3 of financial year '25 on consol basis, the company generated a revenue 
of INR892 million as compared to INR1,062 million of Q3 of last year. Net profit after tax for 
the quarter Q3 of FY '25 is INR183 million as compared to INR161 million of the corresponding 
period of the last year.  
On a stand-alone basis, the company generated a revenue of INR550 million as compared to 
INR590 million of Q3 of last year. Net profit after tax for Q3 of financial year '25 is INR161 
million as compared to INR158 million of the corresponding period of last year. So with that, I 
have given the highlights for the results.  
Now I would like to open the forum for question and answer. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Vishal Prasad from VP Capital. 
Vishal Prasad: 
So I have 3 questions. We have done a settlement with Morgan Securities. We have been fighting 
the case for 20 years, and it is now that we have decided to pay and settle. Could you help me 
understand the thought process behind the settlement and the time that we have chosen? We 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
could have settled the case in last 10 years after the judgment came, but we did not do it for 10 
years. So Rishi, that will be very helpful. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Yes, Mr. Vishal. So thank you for your question. See, the timing and the right moment for 
settlement, it all comes when both parties are willing. Only one party cannot do a settlement. So 
yes, it has taken 20 years, but it has -- it takes sometimes a long time for parties to come to a 
mutual agreement and a mutual understanding. Unfortunately, in this case, it took longer than 
we should have expected.  
But if you can see the award itself was given only in 2015, which was then challenged -- 
subsequently challenged in the High Court by us. So it has taken a bit of time, but the good part 
is that now we have settled and to an amount that we feel that is given the overall circumstances 
of the case and overall pros and cons of the risks and rewards, we think it's quite a good 
settlement for the company, and hence, we've gone ahead and done it. 
Vishal Prasad: 
Okay. And I looked at 2015 judgment and they awarded 36% interest. Why was this award 
against us? I mean it could have been 10%, 12% or 15%. But the arbitrator decided to give us -
- give them 36%. And now even if I look at the settlement that is being done now, the rate of 
interest would be very, very high. So what led to this decision? And why we sat on this and did 
not do anything for so long? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Mr. Vishal, first of all, the arbitration did not award 36% interest. They awarded 3% interest on 
monthly rest. But that's not the same as having a 36% interest or a simple interest of 36%. 
Secondly, we did not sit on the award. There was -- like I said, we challenged it. There were 
various forums under which we challenged this award, both civil and criminal. And there were 
various actions being taken due to which Morgan also realized that continuous fighting, they 
also must have weighed their pros and cons and then decided that it's a right time to settle and 
close this matter now. 
Vishal Prasad: 
So coming to the next question, the JV that we have done for the capex, so who will have the 
operational and tactical control on that company? Is it us or our JV partners? 
Rishi Pilani: 
It will be joint. 
Vishal Prasad: 
And who decides the CEO or the person who will be leading that company, us or we are going 
to have a long discussion with our partners and then we'll come up with the…? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Like I said, all strategic decisions are joint. 
Vishal Prasad: 
And last question from my side is, we are doing close to INR900 crores of capex. So when we 
reach the steady state, what is the expected EBITDA margin there? 
Rishi Pilani: 
See, while I don't know all -- I mean, we can't give numbers and all on calls, but what we are 
expecting is that once we reach steady state, we should do EBITDA margins upwards of 80% to 
85%. 
Vishal Prasad: 
80% to 85% on the revenue of? 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Rishi Pilani: 
See, again, the expected revenues can change depending on the market scenarios and the overall 
policies and all. But as of now, we expect that the revenues on a normal case basis should not 
be less than close to about INR180 crores to INR200 crores. 
Vishal Prasad: 
So the profit will be divided…? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. We request you to please re-join the queue for follow-up questions. The next 
question is from the line of Jayesh from Ashwin Tumar CA Firm. 
Jayesh: 
Yes. So my question is, will the company proceed with the demerger of chemical business 
post…? 
Rishi Pilani: 
See, the company is definitely proceeding with creating some strategic carve-outs. So you have 
to understand that the Morgan timeline for payments is up to November of 2025, okay? So while 
the company is looking at the strategic options to understand how it can place the Chemical 
division in a manner that the valuation is segregated for both the Chemical and the Infra division 
fairly.  
Any corporate action will have to wait till Morgan is repaid fully. The settlement is paid fully. 
But yes, to your question that, is the company looking for making sure that there is a separate 
strategic outlook for the Chemical division? Yes, it is. What exactly that action is to create that 
separate outlook is still being considered. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Dedhia from Maximal Capital. 
Yash Dedhia: 
So on the Chemicals division, if I look at your consol performance, so we have done an EBIT 
of around INR6.5 crores in this quarter, which is meaningfully higher compared to the previous 
year. So what is the new normal going forward? What is the reason why we are seeing much 
higher -- I mean, the revenues haven't grown, but the margins have grown. So is it some sort of 
a recent raw material advantage or something which has come to us? Or is this the new normal? 
How should we read the performance of Chemical division? 
Amar Kabra: 
Yes, yes. So as you may be aware that from April 2025, the management which was handling 
this Chemical division has changed and the new management has taken over the entire charge 
of this Chemical division. So from April onwards, we had done a lot of changes in the plant 
level, at marketing level and the entire operation of this Chemical business.  
So yes, obviously, in first 3 months, we are just studying the entire process. But later on, we 
have got the grip that how this Chemical business is captured. So yes, there is a downside in the 
turnover, but there is an increase in the profitability of the Chemical segment. The reason for 
this quarter, there is 
 
a lesser production, lesser marketing in the Chemical is on account of that U.S. election and all 
this thing and that Nigeria problem is still going on. But on the other side, we got the benefit of 
in 2 ways, like we procured the raw material in bulk at a discounted prices. So that resulted in 
direct adding to my PAT. And secondly, the market which we are catering to this U.S., which 
temporary there is a problem. So we cater this in domestic market.  

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
So we got the better realization. And that's why you are seeing in last 9 months, there is a 
cumulative profit of almost INR12 crores to INR13 crores in Chemical segment as compared to 
just INR6 crores in previous 9 months. So yes, Chemical division is improving and with a lot of 
modification, lot of changes, a lot of personnel, new appointments and all these things. So I'm 
seeing a very good future in Chemical segment also. 
Yash Dedhia: 
So going forward, let's say, for FY '26, how should we -- I mean, are we on track to earn like 
INR25 crores EBIT next year also? Or how should we look into this? 
Amar Kabra: 
See now our target is to reach the capacity of 85% from the existing 75%. So with that, 
obviously, I can see the profit of around INR18 crores to INR20 crores in the Chemical segment. 
And gradually, it will definitely cross that INR25 crores number. 
Yash Dedhia: 
Secondly, on your capex, I think we were supposed to start in October. So now if you can help 
us with the update on the construction process and procurement process, where are we? What 
are the steps which are -- which have been done in the last few months? And are there any 
regulatory clearances, etcetera, which are yet awaited. So if you can give us a holistic update on 
the capex. 
Rishi Pilani: 
So the -- as far as the approvals from PESO and MPCB are concerned, those are in place with 
us now. There was a delay in obtaining the final sanction from the lenders, which I'm pleased to 
say has been received about a week back, for the closure of the financing. So the closure of the 
financing is done. The basic engineering and everything is, like I said, was already in way. So 
we hope that now we can go full fledged with the actual construction work and start this -- start 
the project on a full-scale basis. 
Yash Dedhia: 
So the construction has not yet started because earlier, I think we were -- 
Rishi Pilani: 
The construction of the firefighting system and everything is completed. I'm talking about the 
main tanks. For the main tanks, the financial closure was achieved about a week back. 
Yash Dedhia: 
And the contract has been awarded, sir, for EPC work? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So the contract for the EPC work is under finalization, but for the starting of the work, which is 
for the piling work, that contract has been finalized. 
Yash Dedhia: 
So we are still looking at the October '26 sort of a time line for the finishing of all the things? Or 
has it been moved ahead? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So as of now, so what we are looking at is that the actual work should start sometime in March, 
of the main tanks, that is the piling and everything. So from there on, you are looking at about 2 
years. 
Yash Dedhia: 
And sir, with respect to the dispute related to those transactions and loan amounts with 8 parties 
out of which I think one had settled already. So are there any updates on further settlement with 
the remaining 7 lenders? And what is the update on that? 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Rishi Pilani: 
So not one. If I recall correctly, 2 or 3 parties have settled. So it's definitely more than one now. 
And for the balance, we are going ahead and we are taking all legal and criminal actions to make 
sure that they are also either -- they sort of back away or then the courts direct them to back 
away. 
Amar Kabra: 
It's not actually settlement word. That's not a proper word for this. It's the unconditional 
withdrawal of the claim by the parties. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Yes. Correct.  
Yash Dedhia: 
Okay. And this INR40 crores settlement to Morgan, so do we need to raise any further funds to 
provide for this? Or this plus the capex, do we feel that we will be able to manage it internally? 
Rishi Pilani: 
No. So we don't need to raise any further funds for this. Because actually, the way we have 
enough internal accruals and reserves in our cash to suffice for both the LPG and the Morgan 
case. And you have to understand that the way the Morgan works out is that even though on the 
face of it, the payment is for INR40 crores, but since we book it as expense, so then you get a 
tax reduction of INR10 crores also on that. So the net cash requirement comes down to INR30 
crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Potti from Marshmallow Capital. 
Rohit Potti: 
It was very nice to see the resolution of the Morgan case. It clears the barriers for the company 
to move ahead, and it was very nice to see that. One question, not on the case, but on the 
corporate action. I believe in the past, you've maintained that once this case is settled, we'll go 
through with demerger. But in this call, you seem to indicate that demerger is probably not the 
only strategic action on the table for Chemical division. Could you speak more on the reason for 
this change in thought process? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So see it's not the change in thought process that -- so we are very much committed to the fact 
that we need to, like I said, create 2 separate valuation structures for the Infra and the Chemical 
division. Now while demerger is one of the options that we are also strongly considering and 
going ahead with, we would like to -- there are a couple of more other structures that we are 
looking at in which the investors can understand the valuations of the 2 companies separately, 
so they can value the infra and the Chemical separately. 
But also it gives us the ability to sort of control both the divisions directly. So we are looking at 
other options. I'm not saying demerger, there is a change of thought process on the demerger. 
That's not what I'm saying. We are looking at that also very strongly. And definitely, whatever 
action we take, we want to create 2 separate valuation structures for the 2 divisions. 
Rohit Potti: 
Fair enough. I mean if I just may one suggestion or feedback I have is I've seen cases where 
companies which have 2, 3 separate decisions sort of try to create value by getting a strategic 
investor something in one of the divisions, hopefully indicating to the market the intrinsic value 
of the said business.  

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
But more often than not, if it continues to remain in one entity, the market tends to give a discount 
for whatever reason. It might not make sense because a private buyer has given a clear value. 
But somehow or the other, it doesn't tend to be unlocked till the actual separation happens. I 
mean there are cases even now, but just thought I'd share that thought with you. That's the first 
part of my question, sir. 
 
My second is on the LPG business itself. So I've gone through your con call for the last 3 years. 
And I mean, you've given the numbers, but I'm more -- I wanted to understand the whole value 
chain and the nature of the business better. So in the sense the revenue -- in the first -- 2, 3 years 
back, you mentioned that the current realization per kiloliter is somewhere around INR1,200 to 
INR1,500.  
And subsequent con-calls, you indicated is INR1,200 to INR1,500 per ton. So -- and then there 
are questions of throughputs. So if you could explain how the business actually works, that 
would be helpful in terms of, let's say, a VLCC carrier comes from BW Gas and it docks, you 
already have the contract. So how is the whole revenue generated?  
So if a VLCC carrier comes and if it docks and if it -- the whole thing is evacuated, how much 
time does that take? How much revenue per kiloliter or ton does that generate? And all the 
throughputs. It will be helpful to understand the whole mechanics rather than the final end 
number. 
Rishi Pilani: 
So Rohit, what I'll explain is how a general LPG terminal operates is that when the ship docks 
the cargo is unloaded, there is a charge that is charged on a per tonne basis, okay? So the range 
that I've given is on a per tonne basis. And once that cargo is removed and the next cargo comes 
in, then again, the charge for the fresh cargo is on a per ton basis. Throughput basically means 
how many times you are able to take a ship into your terminal or take a cargo, I should say, in a 
terminal, evacuate it and take the next cargo.  
So basically, by logic, as many times as you can rotate the tanks in a month, in a year, whatever 
you want to call it for your terminal, so those many times you earn the revenue all over again 
and your fixed costs keep going down. So this is how like a basic terminal operates. Currently, 
the range of most of the terminals in India ranges to about 60 to 70 throughputs a year, but it 
varies from terminal to terminal. 
Rohit Potti: 
So the current average throughput is 70 times a year, and that's broadly the number that's -- we'll 
also target for the first 2, 3 years from our -- both the terminals together. Is that right, sir? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So what we are targeting is to do the best that we can, of course. I mean we have benchmarks. 
But like I said, we cannot guarantee any throughputs. We are hopeful that based on our current 
market scenario that we have studied, getting minimum 30 to 40 throughput should be a low 
case for us. That is our expectation. But again, I mean, once the terminal is operation and once 
we have the contract signed, we'll know the actual numbers that we can deliver. 
Rohit Potti: 
And my last question on this. So if -- I mean, you said that the pricing is on a per tonne basis, 
but let's say, there is a cargo that comes, which is -- I mean, our capacity is 32,000 tons and you 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
have 2 tanks. Let's say, a cargo comes, which is, let's say, 20,000 tons. So one throughput there 
would be only 20,000 tons. Is that the right way to think about it? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Yes, you're right. 
Rohit Potti: 
So if lower capacity size ships come, then our throughput -- I mean the tonnage reduces, but the 
number of throughputs can remain same. So that's the right way to think about it, right? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Yes. Generally, it is in a continuous rotation. So if one lower sized ship will come, then what 
your expectation should be that there will be back-to-back another lower-sized ship, another so 
that the terminal is continuously getting topped up, topped up, topped up. That should be the 
expectation. And there's… 
Rohit Potti: 
So just to confirm, this is a terminal, let's say, it fills up to 20,000, which comes through the first 
ship, then you can fill it up to 32,000 with the next ship and then evacuate everything together. 
Is that how it is? Or every throughput you have to -- 
Rishi Pilani: 
No. The evacuation and the receiving continues simultaneously. So your ship comes in, it 
discharges 20,000, let's say, and goes away. The evacuation of the 20,000 starts immediately, 
while the next ship can come and start discharging its cargo again. 
Rohit Potti: 
One last question. I mean, there's a similar sort of a project, which seems to be -- I think 
Engineers India is doing it for BPCL or IOCL in Mangalore, where they are setting up a 80,000 
ton LPG storage somewhere underneath in granite reservoir is what I understood. And the capex 
there for a capacity which is 25%, 30% larger than ours is approximately the same. So I mean, 
I don't know if you're aware of the project, but I was just curious to understand if there is a reason 
for this difference in capex. 
Rishi Pilani: 
See, a capex for a project will depend on various factors like the length of the pipeline from the 
jetty, the type of construction you are doing on the tank. So like we are going for the RCC outer 
wall, which is a much safer concept than going for a steel outer wall. So just by comparing 
capacities, you cannot judge the capex. So the projects have to be compared like apple-to-apple 
in terms of all parameters, not just the capacities. 
Rohit Potti: 
And the last question is the interest cost for our… 
Moderator: 
We request you to please join the queue for follow up. The next question is from the line of Amit 
Pavva, an Individual Investor. 
Amit Pavva: 
So Rishi, I want to understand what is the -- is there any impact on the number of shares with 
the new… 
Rishi Pilani: 
Sorry, Amit, we can't hear you. Sorry, Amit, your voice is breaking. 
Amit Pavva: 
Okay. Sorry. So my question is since we are managing the funds that are required to do the 
construction through debt and as well as through equity. So the increase in equity through BW 
Confidence or through the other investors like is it resulting in any increase in the number of 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
shares? Now I see that INR7.2 crores or close to that is the number of shares what we have as 
part of the equity. Is it resulting in any increase in the number of shares? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So whatever current number of shares we have, there is no increment in that. 
Amit Pavva: 
And my second question is when this demerger process can start? I know from there it will take 
at least 1 year for us to completely exclude it. But sensitively, do you have anything in mind that 
you're planning to approach the authorities to start the process. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Amit, I have answered this question, I think, a couple of times now already. So I think we'll have 
the proper clarity on what route we are taking and how we are taking in the next like 2 to 3 
months. But like I said, the company is committed to making a separate valuation structure for 
both the divisions. We understand that, that is required. 
Amit Pavva: 
One question I have is when it comes to this EBITDA, what you are saying, 80% to 85%, let us 
say, there are only [3 books 0:28:52], which will result in, let's say, INR200 crores EBITDA, 
INR230 crores top line on LPG. Do you think that EBITDA can be achieved? Or we should have 
a complete utilization of the LPG so that only then the operational leverage we will get max 
EBITDA of 85%, north of 80% for EBITDA? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So we are -- what we are expecting is that currently the low case that we are estimating -- and 
again, we'll know the exact numbers once the terminal is operational, but the low case that we 
are estimating, then those EBITDA numbers should be achievable at those case also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubhangi A., an Individual Investor. 
Shubhangi A.: 
During our previous conference calls, we had mentioned that the company is in discussions with 
JNPT regarding some additional land at the terminal. Any update there or any status of the 
discussions around it? 
Rishi Pilani: 
I'm not sure. We are -- we were not in discussions for any additional land with JNPT. But yes, 
we did get additional land allotted to us in July of 2022, which is under development. So already 
the chemical tanks have been developed on it and the LPG project is coming up on that. So apart 
from that, we have not been in discussion for additional land with JNPT. 
Shubhangi A.: 
And just trying to understand on both the terminals, currently, the operating -- they're operating 
at about -- the Goa terminal specifically is at about 40%. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Yes, around that much, 30%, 40%, yes. 
Shubhangi A.: 
So what are the strategies to kind of enhance our utilization there? 
Rishi Pilani: 
See, we are working with 2, 3 companies to understand how we can position the Goa terminal 
for their requirements. So the terminal was initially designed to cater to the bunkering for the 
mining ships that call to Goa. So the thing is that we -- the terminal -- so with the mining ban 
that was imposed by Supreme Court in Goa, the mining ships stopped calling Goa.  

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
So the basic purpose of the terminal was not achieved since then we have modified it to handle 
other products like edible oil, molasses, we've handled naphtha there. So we have done certain 
things to make sure that it becomes more of a multipurpose terminal now. And we are working 
towards it. But the thing is that we have to find a value where the customers also have industry 
bases in Goa of this scale to sort of backtrack into using a terminal of this size. So that process 
has been not very easy. It's not very straightforward.  
In between, we did handle even some diesel for BPCL and IOCL. So we are trying to explore 
different products on how to make sure that we can make this terminal more capacity utilized. 
But it's still a work in process. Do we have a definite plan which we can execute as on date and 
say that this is going to result and so and so. It's not. It's not happening. We don't have that right 
now. 
Shubhangi A.: 
And Cochin is kind of on track, like 90%, 95%. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Cochin is at 100% now. It was -- there was a period from January of 2024 to about June, July of 
2024 when it was under revamping to hand over to IOCL for the ATF and ethanol, but 
subsequently, they have taken over all the tankages. So currently, Cochin is 100% occupied. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Ram Tavva, an Individual Investor. 
Ram Tavva: 
I want to understand once the new LPG storage tanks are built. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, but your line does not seem very clear. It sounds that you have like an echo 
on it. 
Ram Tavva: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Slightly better, sir. Please go ahead. 
Ram Tavva: 
So what I'm trying to ask is, so once all the LPG storage tanks are built and they are used to their 
capacity, is there a chance that the existing LSTs are reequipped with capacity to handle more 
LPG gas as opposed to the current chemicals that are being stored. So is it a possibility in the 
future, probably a couple of years down the line or maybe after that, that we replace the existing 
LSTs for storing LPG since space is a constraint in the port right now. 
Rishi Pilani: 
See the primary goal of an LPG terminal should be to try and see how they can increase their 
throughputs rather than creating new capacities. So the decision for converting LST tanks to 
LPG, I don't think it's 2 years down the line. 
Amar Kabra: 
Unless until you can go up to 7 to 8 throughput per month. So that it's not wise to think on that 
line. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Gaurav Shah from Harshad Gandhi Securities. 
Gaurav Shah: 
My question is on the settlement we did with Morgan. So sir, as per the settlement, we are 
supposed to pay them INR43.25 crores in total. And out of that, I think we have already paid 
INR10 crores. So balance INR33.25 crores, we need to pay them right now, by November '25, 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
right? So this INR30 crores is already booked as an expense during this quarter. So I just wanted 
to check that. 
Rishi Pilani: 
So yes, the order passed by the high court is in January 2025. So obviously, that hit we're going 
to take in this current quarter, like last quarter of the financial year '24, '25. 
Gaurav Shah: 
So in this particular quarter, we should expect INR30 crores fully provided this quarter, right? 
Amar Kabra: 
INR40 crores. 
Gaurav Shah: 
So earlier, we already paid INR10 crores deposit, right? 
Amar Kabra: 
In this quarter, in Jan quarter in Jan month only we paid. 
Gaurav Shah: 
So that INR10 crores is already booked -- sorry, I got your point. So you are going to book full 
INR40 crores this particular quarter. 
Amar Kabra: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Potti from Marshmallow Capital. 
Rohit Potti: 
Only one question. So the financing that we have tied up for LPG project, would you be able to 
share the interest rate, the finance cost for the same? 
Rishi Pilani: 
I would preferably -- since it's a part of the JV funding, and it's not really part of something that 
is GBL on its own has arranged. So it's actually we are bound by some confidentiality agreements 
there. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time limitations, we will have to take that as the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Thank you, everybody, for joining us for this investor conference call. I appreciate your time, 
and I look forward to hearing from you people for not only during these calls, but even during 
the quarter, if there are any suggestions or questions. Thank you. Have a great evening. 
Amar Kabra: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of CapitalSquare Financial Services, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
DISCLAIMER: This is the output of transcribing from an audio recording. Although the transcription is largely accurate, in some cases it is 
incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. 
 
 
 
