 
 
Persistent Systems Limited, Bhageerath, 402 Senapati Bapat Road, Pune 411 016, Maharashtra, India  
 
CIN - L72300PN1990PLCO56696 
Tel:  +91 (20) 670 35555 | Fax - +91 (20) 6703 6003 | E-mail - info@persistent.com | Website - www.persistent.com 
 
NSE & BSE / 2024-25 / 237 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Ref: Symbol: PERSISTENT 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
14th Floor, P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: 533179 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of investor/analyst call held on Wednesday, January 22, 2025 
Ref:  
Our earlier intimation with Ref. No. NSE & BSE / 2024-25 / 231 dated January 22, 
2025 
 
In continuation to the above-referred intimation and Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit the transcript of the 
investor/analyst call held on Wednesday, January 22, 2025, for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the investor/analyst call is also made available on the Company’s website. 
 
The link to access the same is as follows: Analyst-Call-Transcript-Q3-FY25.pdf 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: A20507 
 
Encl: As above 
Amit 
Murari Atre
Digitally signed by 
Amit Murari Atre 
Date: 2025.01.28 
23:47:51 +05'30'

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
“PERSISTENT SYSTEMS LIMITED - EARNINGS 
CONFERENCE CALL, THIRD QUARTER, FY25, ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 2024” 
January 22, 2025, 6:00 PM IST 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
Dr. Anand Deshpande 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Vinit Teredesai 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi 
Head, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Persistent Systems’ 
Earnings Conference Call for the third quarter of FY25 ended December 
31, 2024.  We have with us today on the call, Dr. Anand Deshpande - 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Kalra - Executive Director 
and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Vinit Teredesai - Chief Financial Officer 
and Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi - Head of Investor Relations.  Please note, all 
participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after Management’s opening 
remarks. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, 
please raise your hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on the screen.  While 
asking questions, request you to please identify yourself and your 
company. Please note, this conference is being recorded. I now hand over 
the conference to Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi.  Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
Thank you, Vandit. Good Evening and Good Morning to everyone on this 
call. We're grateful for your participation and for spending time with us 
today.  Before we continue with our prepared remarks for Q3, we would 
like to show you a short video that our team has put together. 
 
[Video played] 
 
Hope we were able to add a unique and interesting element to your 
experience of our analyst call today. Now, let me quickly outline the 
agenda for today’s call. Sandeep will begin with an overview of our 
results and commentary on business. Vinit will take you through the 
financial details and some key operational metrics for this quarter. I will 
then provide an overview of our key deal wins and awards and 
recognitions in the 3rd quarter of FY25. Sandeep will come back for a 
quick summary of the prepared remarks, post which we will open the 
conference for questions.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 31 
 
Let me also remind you that as part of our prepared remarks and during 
Q&A, we may make certain statements which are forward-looking and 
may involve significant uncertainty. Persistent doesn’t take any 
responsibility to update such forward-looking statements and your 
discretion is warranted while making any investment decisions.  
With this, let me hand over to Sandeep for his prepared remarks. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you, Saurabh. Let me start with wishing all of you and your loved 
ones a very happy and prosperous new year.  
Coming to our financial performance for Q3 FY25: 
We achieved a healthy revenue growth of 19.9% year-on-year and 4.3% 
quarter-on-quarter to reach US$360.2mn in Q3 of fiscal 2025. This marks 
our 19th sequential quarter-on-quarter growth. Please note that this 
growth is net of the furlough impact that we saw during the quarter. In 
constant currency terms, the growth for the quarter came in at 4.6% 
quarter-on-quarter. In rupee terms, growth for the quarter came in at 
22.6% year-on-year and 5.7% quarter-on-quarter. EBIT margin for the 
quarter came in at 14.9% translating into an EBIT growth of 25.5% year-
on-year. The profit after tax for the quarter came in at 12.2%. Vinit will 
provide detailed color on the financials and the margin movement later 
in this call. 
 
Coming to the order book for the quarter.  
The Total Contract Value (TCV) for the quarter came in at US$594.1mn 
with TCV of new bookings coming in at $333.6mn.  
The Annual Contract Value component of this TCV is US$428.3mn, out of 
which the ACV from new bookings contributed to $195.6mn.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 31 
 
As always, these TCV and ACV numbers include all bookings, renewals as 
well as new, across all existing and new customers. Please note that our 
revenue conversion on a quarterly basis is a function of our Annual 
Contract Value bookings done in previous quarters as well as the 
conversion from multi-year deals booked in previous years which are 
included in our TCV bookings that we report on a quarterly basis. 
 
Coming to the client engagement size, let me now give you a color on our 
client movement across various reported categories. We witnessed 
healthy year-on-year growth among our client buckets with our top 5 
customer revenue, up by 31.7%, top 10 up by 22%, top 20 up by 18.7% 
and top 50 up by 21%. The contribution from top 10 customers is 40% in 
this quarter compared to 39.3% in Q3 FY24. In this quarter, we reported 
189 customers with trailing 12 month revenues of over US$1 million 
compared to 176 in the same quarter last year. All our top client buckets 
have shown good growth in this quarter. On a year-on-year basis, the 
number of customers in the $1 to $5 million bucket increased by 4, those 
in $5 to $10 million bucket increased by 3, those in $10 to $20 million 
bucket increased by 7, those in the $50-70 million bucket increased by 1 
and finally, customers in the $75 million+ category increased by 1. All of 
these movements are a demonstration of our ability to scale customer 
relationships significantly over a period of time. 
 
Coming to details on our geographic performance: 
In terms of year-on-year growth, in US dollar terms, North America 
revenue grew by a healthy 21.1%, India revenue grew by 12.1%, Europe 
grew 10.3% and the rest of the world grew 66.5%, although on a low 
base. 
 
Now let me give you this quarter’s performance from an industry 
segment perspective.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 31 
 
This quarter’s growth was led by Healthcare and Life Sciences followed by 
Banking and Financial Services Industry verticals which grew by 52.6% 
and 22.0% respectively on a year-on-year basis. Our Software, Hi-Tech 
and Emerging verticals saw a growth of 3.2% year on year. I’m pleased to 
share that our Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical crossed the $100 
million dollar quarterly revenue run rate this quarter. 
 
With this, each of our industry verticals have crossed the $100 million 
quarterly run-rate threshold. 
 
Coming to an update on the interim dividend.  
I’m pleased to share with you that the Board of Directors has declared an 
interim dividend of Rs.20 per share on face value of Rs.5 per share. It is 
our endeavor to maintain a consistent dividend payout ratio while we 
augment our growth through capability-led acquisitions.  
Moving on to the progress we have made on our AI roadmap.  
As we have articulated in our earnings’ calls in earlier quarters, our AI 
strategy is built around 4 foundational pillars.  
- 
Pivoting to an AI-led platform-driven services approach,  
- 
Engaging with customers increasingly on outcome-based business 
models,  
- 
Leveraging our partner ecosystem, 
- 
Making strategic inorganic bets to bolster our capabilities wherever 
we have whitespaces.  
As we progress on our AI-led platform-driven services roadmap, I’m 
proud to share that we have filed 20+ patents across various categories 
including core AI, agentic AI, personalized AI, repository-level AI and 
productivity measurement.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 31 
 
Let me describe a few of them in more detail.  
Our core AI patents address fundamental challenges in AI and software 
development life cycle. By optimizing workflows such as internet traffic 
management, data compression and intelligent routing, enabling scalable 
and high-performance AI solutions.  
Our agentic AI patents, power intelligent collaborative ecosystems by 
enabling the creation, orchestration and customization of AI agents 
leveraging in-memory integration and persona-based configurations. 
These agents dynamically collaborate to automate complex business 
processes from streamlining supply chains to managing customer 
onboarding and so on.  
Our personalized AI patents enable customer-centric personalization of 
data, providing personalized recommendations while maintaining strict 
data privacy.  
These patents are a demonstration and re-affirmation of our 
commitment to innovation and transformation of our service offerings 
through an AI-led platform-driven approach. 
Let me now give you more specific details about our AI for tech 
platform – SASVATM.  
Persistent’s AI-led technology strategy is delivered through SASVATM, our 
generative, deterministic and secure AI-powered digital engineering 
platform. SASVATM enhances end-to-end software development lifecycle 
delivering more value and faster time-to-market for our customers while 
boosting our employee productivity and predictability of outcomes.  
I’m pleased to share the recent enhancements to our SASVATM platform 
which include the integration of autonomous AI agents and 
enhancements of its robust quality engineering capabilities.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 31 
 
• SASVATM’s latest quality engineering (QE) capabilities simplify 
complex processes, reduce testing time, improve defect detection 
and accelerate software delivery through features such as 
actionable insights, automated test creation, multi-Cloud testing, 
Gen AI-driven code validation and legacy framework migrations. 
• SASVATM now incorporates the integration of autonomous AI 
agents designed to revolutionize workflows by performing 
complex multi-stage analysis and seamlessly executing end-to-end 
tasks. These agents can dynamically interact with multiple data 
sources, tools and platforms ensuring comprehensive and 
efficient task completion.  
To give you an example, in a multi-stage analysis, these agents can 
automate the entire bug-fixing workflow. They can identify issues 
from the GitHub repository, generate code patches using AI-assisted 
workflows, create comprehensive test cases to ensure functionality, 
validate the fix against pre-defined parameters and prepare a 
detailed pull request with complete contextual information for 
seamless team collaboration.  
These enhancements enable us to deliver improved solutions in 
product engineering, application development maintenance and 
application modernization aligning more closely with the needs of our 
customers. 
Now coming to our AI for business vector. 
Our AI for business vector is driven by our investments in our platforms – 
iAURA and GenAI Hub.  
The iAURA platform offers a complete set of solutions and accelerators 
to streamline the data life cycle including modernization, operations, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 31 
 
quality, and insight generation. The latest version of iAURA powered by 
Agentic AI enhances business workflows with improved personalization, 
contextual intelligence and strong privacy safeguards.  
iAURA simplifies operations by integrating disconnected systems, 
addressing gaps in data management and its human-in-the-loop 
capabilities, enhance workflows in areas like incident management, 
platform administration and so on.  
The Gen AI Hub introduces new features aimed at improving the creation 
and deployment of Agentic AI workflows. The latest updates built on its 
enterprise-ready foundation offer smooth integration with tools and 
frameworks such as AutoGen, CrewAI, and Langflow to simplify complex 
workflows. With these additions, Gen AI Hub enables advanced 
workflows in areas such as precision oncology, loan underwriting, credit 
assessment, 
customer 
support, 
clinical 
research 
and 
incident 
management - to give you representative examples. These capabilities 
enhance traditional operations by delivering AI-driven solutions that are 
focused on achieving better outcomes. 
Coming to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships.  
In the previous quarter, we had talked about our recent acquisitions of 
Arrka and Starfish as key initiatives to bolt on to our AI roadmap.  
On one hand, we are integrating Arrka’s capabilities onto SASVATM, 
iAURA, Gen AI Hub kind of platforms to ensure that we are incorporating 
AI governance into the solutions we are building for our customers and 
on the other hand, we are also integrating data privacy as part of our key 
offerings across our industry verticals and service lines.  
With Starfish, we are building integrations and partnerships with 
communication platform providers like NICE, Five9, Amazon Connect, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 31 
 
Google Contact Centre AI, and others, while building out our integrated 
AI platform for contact centre modernization.  
We are seeing good traction with our customers for contact centre 
modernization deals and will share with you as our wins in this domain 
materialize in the coming quarters. 
Coming to our hyperscaler partnerships and engagements. 
In this quarter, we have continued to build on our strong collaboration 
with all hyperscalers and joint development solutions with their teams. 
As you would have seen in the video at the beginning of this call, earlier 
this month, Microsoft organized the Microsoft AI Tour in Bengaluru to 
demonstrate industry-wide AI adoption use cases by Indian enterprises. 
Across the country, 6 companies were selected for demos with just 2 
from the IT services industry. We presented ContractAssist, our GenAI-
enabled contract management solution built on Microsoft and open AI 
stack at this event, and we are very proud to say that this was featured 
by Satya in his keynote address.  
ContractAssist simplifies workflows, enhances collaboration, and reduces 
operational complexity, enabling enterprises to achieve greater efficiency 
in managing contracts and deriving meaningful insights from them. 
Last quarter, we co-hosted the Google Gemini Summit in Pune featuring 
top leadership from Google Cloud Platform and Persistent. We have 
partnered with Google to co-develop healthcare and life sciences 
innovation in AI, knowledge graphs, bio-medical imaging and 
computational drug design. One of the outcomes of this partnership is 
the launch of Pi-OmniKG and advanced AI-driven knowledge graph 
solution developed with Google Cloud technology. This solution 
empowers healthcare and life sciences organizations to accelerate bio-

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 31 
 
medical research, streamline data mining processes and deliver insights 
with greater speed and accuracy. We are proud to say that Google’s 
HealthAI group has officially listed Persistent as a preferred 
implementation partner for creating applications using Google’s 
Foundation models. Additionally, this quarter we also earned prestigious 
accolades including the “Google GenAI Exchange Hackathon Winner 
2024” and the “2025 Partner All Star Award for Artificial Intelligence”.  
Coming to AWS – we continue to build on our AWS partnership with our 
selection as one of the 12 partners globally for AWS’s exclusive 
Gamechangers Program for showcasing how industries are being 
transformed with GenAI. As a part of this program, we had the 
opportunity to feature some of our success stories at AWS Re:Invent 
2024. One such success story was for a sports technology company which 
was facing challenges in delivering actionable insights about player 
performance at scale. By integrating Generative AI with their existing 
sensor data, we were able to provide personalized insights and 
recommendation about players’ performance.  
Coming to our partnership with Salesforce - We continued our 
commitment to excellence and innovation in the Salesforce ecosystem 
while crossing the milestone of 1,000 Salesforce AI Associate 
Certification. We are partnering with Salesforce AgentForce, using our 
SASVA platform and are working on multiple proof of concepts with 
leading customers in healthcare and life sciences space. One of these 
proofs of concepts is with a Fortune 100 healthcare company where we 
have implemented an Agentic Chatbot for their diabetes care product to 
improve customer experience.  
As we look forward into the future of technology services, our endeavor 
over the next several quarters and years is to transition increasingly 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 31 
 
towards platform-driven services and shift our business model to 
outcome-based engagements. This strategic pivot will leverage our 
proprietary IP as well as IP built in collaboration with hyperscalers and 
other ecosystem partners. 
In summary, we are pleased with our performance in Q3 FY25. I would 
now like to invite Vinit to give a detailed color on the quarterly financials 
and related matters. Vinit, over to you. 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Thank you, Sandeep. Good evening and good day to all. Thank you for 
taking time out to join us today. Let me now take you through the 
financial highlights for the quarter gone by. Q3 FY25 revenue stood at 
US$360.2 million registering a year-on-year growth of 19.9%.  
In Rupee terms, it translates to Rs. 30,622.8 million, a growth of 22.6% 
year-on-year. Impact of furloughs on the revenue was approximately 100 
basis points, in line with our expectations.   
This quarter, we have integrated the financials of our acquisitions 
Starfish, Arrka and SoHo. All put together, their contribution to our 
revenue was about 35 basis points in Q3. Our acquisition of SoHo is a part 
of vendor consolidation exercise with a large customer. Most of the 
revenue was already included in our existing run rate prior to the 
acquisition as part of a sub-contracting arrangement.  
EBIT margin came in at 14.9%, 90 basis points improvement sequentially 
and 35 basis point improvement on a year-on-year basis. In rupee terms, 
EBIT for the quarter was Rs. 4,557.3 million translating to a growth of 
12.2% quarter-on-quarter and 25.5% year-on-year. 
Let me now give you a quarter-on-quarter EBIT margin walkthrough.  
Let me first start with the headwinds. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 31 
 
There were 2 major headwinds for us in this quarter.  
- 
Furloughs, which impacted our margins by 60 basis points, and  
- 
Lower quantum of earnout credit versus the previous quarter which 
resulted in a headwind of 100 basis points. The quantum of reversal 
for this quarter is Rs. 152.24 million. 
Coming to the tailwinds for the quarter.  
- 
Our utilization has improved from 84.8% in Q2 of FY25 to 87.4% this 
quarter.  
- 
Another key improvement that has played out in this quarter is with 
respect to rationalization of contractor costs with a large healthcare 
customer. Our plan to offshore the effort of this engagement is 
proceeding along expected lines as we continue to grow revenue with 
this customer. Both these factors, i.e. the improvement in utilization 
and rationalization of contractor cost, coupled with other operational 
initiatives have led to a 140 bps improvement in our EBIT margin.  
 
- 
Strong dollar has led to a cross-currency tailwind of 50 basis points 
this quarter.  
 
- 
Lower resell revenue and improved pricing has helped our margins by 
40 basis points, and finally,  
 
- 
Lower ESOP costs this quarter have resulted in a tailwind of 20 basis 
points. 
All these headwinds and tailwinds put together resulted in a net increase 
of 90 basis points in our EBIT margin sequentially as mentioned earlier.  
Other income, net of finance cost, was Rs. 118.4 million as against Rs. 
176.9 million last quarter.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 31 
 
There was a foreign exchange gain of Rs. 144.7 million as against Rs. 106 
million in Q2.  
Effective tax rate for the quarter came in at 22.6% compared to 25.2% in 
Q2. Based on our revised estimates, we expect our overall ETR for the 
year to remain in the range of 23%-23.5%.  
Profit After Tax was Rs. 3,729.9 million, a growth of 30.4% year-on-year. 
This translates to a PAT margin of 12.2%.  
Adjusted for stock split, Earnings Per Share was Rs. 24.30 per share in Q3 
of FY25 compared to Rs. 18.90 per share same quarter last fiscal, a 
growth of 28.4% year-on-year.  
Excluding cash from capital employed, return on capital employed for Q3 
FY25 came in at 38.1% versus 35.8% same quarter last year.  
Total cash and investment stood at Rs. 246.1 million as of 31st December, 
2024. 
In this quarter, billed DSO came in at 64 days, an improvement of 4 days, 
and unbilled DSO came in at 22 days, an improvement of 2 days 
compared to Q2 of FY25. 
I would like to make a clarification on OCF to PAT ratio that was reported 
as 108.3% for Q2 of FY25. We had a reclassification error which has now 
been corrected. As a result of this correction, our revised OCF to PAT 
ratio for Q2 of FY25 stands at 80.7%, while for Q3 of FY25, the OCF to PAT 
ratio was at 84.4%. It is our endeavor to continue to improve our cash 
flow conversion and we will share our progress in this regard in the 
coming quarters. 
Forward contracts outstanding as of 31st December were USD 300 million 
at an average rate of Rs. 85.30. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 31 
 
Now, let me give you some key operational updates.  
- 
At the end of Q3, our total headcount stood at 23,941, an increase of 
605 from Q3 of previous fiscal year.  
- 
Trailing Twelve Month attrition this quarter came in at 12.6% 
compared to 11.9% in Q3 last year and it continues to be within our 
acceptable range. 
I'm pleased to share with you that, in line with our endeavor to maintain 
a consistent dividend payout ratio, the Board of Directors have declared 
an interim dividend of ₹20 per share on a face value of ₹5 per share for 
the financial year 2025. 
We are pleased to inform that ICRA has rated Persistent as AA+ (Stable). 
This credit rating will serve as a key enabler in Persistent’s bid pursuits 
with larger clients who often require vendor partners to demonstrate 
strong financial robustness as part of their selection criteria. The AA+ 
(Stable) rating provides a credible assurance of Persistent’s financial 
health, further enhancing the company's ability to secure strategic 
engagements and expand its footprint in the enterprise market. 
 
Coming to ESG updates for the quarter.  
Persistent has achieved two prestigious recognitions from the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India.  
- 
We have been named “Winner in the Service Sector” at the 3rd ICSI 
National Awards for Business Responsibility and Sustainability, which 
highlights our dedication to upholding the highest standards in 
corporate governance, compliance, sustainability and ethical 
practices ensuring transparency and accountability across all levels of 
our organization.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 31 
 
- 
We have also been recognized as the “Best Governed Company 
(Listed Segment: Medium Category)” at the 24th ICSI National Awards 
for Excellence in Corporate Governance, an accolade that 
underscores our steadfast commitment to the highest standards of 
corporate governance, compliance, sustainability and ethical 
practices.  
We are happy to share that Persistent has been included in the Dow 
Jones Sustainability World Index, with an impressive score of 85 this year, 
placing us amongst the global leaders in sustainable business practices. 
This recognition reaffirms our dedication to uphold highest ESG 
standards, create long-term impact and positively benefit all our 
stakeholders.  
Persistent’s near-term and Net-Zero emissions target by 2050 have been 
approved by Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi) under their Net-Zero 
standard criteria. 
Let me now hand over to Saurabh for commentary on key deal wins and 
awards and recognitions we have received during the quarter. Thank you. 
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
Thank you, Vinit. I will now talk about key deal wins for Q3 by industry 
segments.  
Let me begin with Software, Hi-Tech and Emerging industries, our largest 
vertical.  
- 
Persistent was selected by a U.K.-based private equity-owned leading 
software company to transform its R&D operations, which include a 
portfolio of multiple SaaS products. This is a 5-year, $50 million+ deal 
with SASVATM license and customization as the core tenet for 
transformation of product engineering for the customer. Our 
SASVATM-led product development approach along with Day 1 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 31 
 
readiness were key differentiators in us winning this engagement. The 
benefit to the customer includes standardization of development 
processes through product-centric squads, rapid and reliable product 
modernization leading to annual recurring revenue growth and 
optimization of R&D costs. 
 
- 
Persistent was selected as an engineering partner by a leading IT 
Service Management, observability and database performance 
solutions provider to help alleviate business risks arising due to 
geopolitical volatility and undertake talent pool globalization. 
Persistent’s 3+ years of relationship with the customer coupled with 
strong knowledge of the product helped us win this engagement. Our 
SASVATM-led, AI-infused engineering practices will benefit the 
customer by accelerating the roadmap of its IT Service Management 
product leading to improved product management, fixing of product 
security issues and revenue and margin enhancements. 
 
- 
Persistent was selected as a data engineering partner by a food 
services and facilities management leader to standardize data 
handling across the organization and initiate data centricity as a 
strategic initiative. Our differentiation demonstrated by iAURA along 
with our exceptional stakeholder management with the customer 
were key factors that helped us win this deal. The benefit to the 
customer includes modernization of the core platform for their 
facility management business and reduced efforts in integrating it 
with their ERP and HR Management Systems. 
Coming to Banking, Financial Services and Insurance.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 31 
 
- 
Persistent was selected by a leading American Financial Services 
company that provides financial record keeping, tax advantage 
savings and retirement plans to modernize its legacy systems. This is a 
7-year, $150 million plus deal and is the largest transformation deal 
signed by Persistent till date. Persistent’s existing engagements with 
the customer in the infra space and demonstration of SASVATM and 
GenAI hub capabilities were instrumental in winning the engagement. 
The benefit to the customer includes modernization of its legacy 
systems, reduction in technology debt and improved developer 
productivity through SASVATM-driven build and release processes. 
 
- 
Persistent has been chosen as a technology partner by one of the 
largest global payment technology companies to revamp their 
Enterprise Gateway Services, a key entry point for all payment rails. 
Persistent’s deep expertise in payments coupled with our 
differentiated delivery experience to the customer has helped us win 
this engagement. The benefit to the customer includes improvement 
and optimization of gateway performance ensuring scalability, 
reliability, efficiency with low latency and millisecond response times 
to support services such as Real-time Authorization and Clearance. 
 
- 
Persistent was selected by one of the largest US-based insurance 
companies to provide enhancements to the automation of insurance 
and claims processes within the company. Strong insurance domain 
knowledge coupled with mature automation practice helped us win 
this engagement. The benefit to the customer includes development 
of innovative solutions, accelerators, frameworks, and GenAI-based 
approaches for higher ROI on automation initiatives. 
And, finally, within our Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical: 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 31 
 
- 
Persistent was selected by one of the largest healthcare companies in 
the world to modernize their platform focused on patient care and 
pharmacy. This deal initiated a new relationship for the U.K. 
geography with the customer. Our track record of delivering 
outcomes in modernization projects and our engineering heritage 
were key factors in us winning this engagement. The benefit to the 
customer includes improved patient experience, reduction in 
technology debt and improved business agility. 
 
- 
Persistent was chosen by a global leader in specialty injectables, drug 
compounding and anesthesia to replace their legacy Contract 
Management System with a new Revenue Management Solution. Our 
strong relationship with the customer coupled with their confidence 
in us as a dependable delivery partner led to this being a sole-sourced 
deal where the customer did not float an open bid to other vendors. 
The benefit to the customer includes alignment of the new solution 
with legacy dashboards while providing cost reduction in license cost 
and improvement in system performance. 
 
- 
Persistent was chosen by one of the largest global contract research 
organizations to migrate their applications from MuleSoft to Azure 
Data Factory. Our existing relationship with the customer coupled 
with SASVATM-led approach for migration were key factors in us 
winning this engagement. The benefit to the customer includes 
enhanced developer productivity, improved code quality, reduced 
project timelines and delivery well ahead of the deadline, redefining 
the approach to large-scale migrations with improved operational 
efficiency. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 31 
 
Moving on to the awards and recognitions for the quarter from leading 
analyst firms.  
This quarter saw us get continued recognition. To cite a few,  
- 
Persistent earned top honors in the ‘2024 ISG Star of ExcellenceTM 
Award’ for superior customer experience, including the prestigious 
Overall Award. Persistent was the only company in 2024 to win in 
four different categories based on the ‘Voice of the Customer’.  
 
- 
Persistent was named a leader in 2024 ISG Provider Lens Generative 
AI Services (Global). Persistent was recognized for its ability to 
empower enterprises with tailored AI strategies, strength in guiding 
clients from initial exploration to strategic deployment, and deep AI 
expertise coupled with modern engineering practices.  
 
- 
Persistent was recognized at the 16th TISS LeapVault CLO Awards in 4 
categories including, 
 
o Gold for Best Corporate University,  
o Silver for LND Team of the Year,  
o Silver for Best Employee Engagement Program and  
o Silver for Best Chief Learning Officer of the Year 
 
- 
Our Founder and Chairman, Dr. Anand Deshpande, has been inducted 
as a fellow of the Indian National Academy of Engineering during its 
Annual Convention, 2024.  
 
- 
Our CEO, Sandeep Kalra, was featured in Business World's article, 
‘Sandeep Kalra’s $2 Billion Powerplay for Persistent Systems’, 
outlining his bold leadership and disciplined strategy. The feature 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 31 
 
highlights Persistent’s AI-first approach, powering its verticals and 
sub-verticals and its forward-looking vision. 
With that, let me hand over to Sandeep. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you, Saurabh. Before I request the operator to open the floor for 
questions, I would like to provide an update on our annual planning 
exercise known as the Huddle. The Huddle concluded about 2 weeks 
back. This was a comprehensive exercise that took place in Pune and saw 
participation of over 350 of our senior global leaders across sales, 
delivery and our enabling functions. During this exhaustive exercise, we 
not only planned for FY26 but also reviewed our progress towards our 
aspiration of achieving $2 billion in annual revenue by the end of FY27. 
We remain confident in our trajectory towards this near-term aspiration 
and as a team have set our sights on our next aspiration, achieving $5 
billion in revenue by FY31. 
To support this audacious, ambitious goal we have developed a strategic 
roadmap that includes categorizing our three core verticals into sub-
verticals with a focused plan to scale each of them meaningfully over 
time. Additionally, several key initiatives have been outlined such as 
doubling down on our Top 100 customers, which give us roughly about 
80% of our revenues, expanding alternate channels including private 
equity and sourcing advisors and enhancing our focus on global capability 
centers as they become even more relevant in our ecosystem. 
All of these efforts will be driven by our commitment to infusing AI into 
every aspect of our vertical and service line offerings as we highlighted 
earlier in this call and leading with the platformization of services. We'll 
provide further insights into our roadmap to our aspiration of $5 billion 
by 2031 over the next several quarters. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 31 
 
With this, we conclude our prepared comments. Operator, please open 
the floor for questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait 
for a few minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to 
restrict to 2 questions and then return to the queue for more questions. 
Please raise your hand from the participant tab on the screen to ask the 
question. 
The first question is from Mehta Bhavik. 
Mehta Bhavik: 
Hi, thank you. Two questions. Firstly, one of your peers have highlighted 
that they have faced headwinds because of productivity benefit being 
asked by one of the hyperscaler clients and obviously Persistent works 
with all the hyperscalers in the world. So, have you also seen any such 
asks from the client which could drive some headwinds on revenues and 
margins over the next two quarters? 
And the second question is, if I look at the utilization, it has gone up 
sharply and even the headcount has gone up, so what level of utilization 
you're comfortable with operating at and how should we think about the 
headcount additions going forward? Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thanks, Bhavik. So, I'll go reverse gear on this. Utilization, yeah, it is at 
87% plus at this point in time. We are comfortable keeping the utilization 
in 85% band. As far as the headcount addition is concerned, obviously in 
the shorter run that means that there are contracts that we are working 
on to fulfill, and the pipeline also - the confidence reflects on that. So, I'll 
leave it there. 
As far as the headwinds are concerned, look, if we are able to use tools to 
provide better productivity to our customers and so on and so forth, that 
should also reflect in more business over a period of time. I am not going 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 31 
 
to comment on what our competitors said. We are confident if we use 
our tools - Things like SASVATM, things like iAURA, GenAI Hub, etc. We 
have seen if we are adding more value to the customer, the customer lets 
us partake better value out of that. It is not a race to the bottom where 
we have to necessarily develop all this IP, deliver more value and pass on 
everything. That is not the way we are looking at it and that's not the way 
our customers are looking at it. 
Mehta Bhavik: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Abhishek Bhandari.  
Abhishek Bhandari: Yeah, thank you, management team, and good to see broad-based 
growth in this quarter. I have two questions. Sandeep, first to start with 
you. While I understand third quarter is generally heavy on renewals, but 
if I look at the ACV and the new business ACV, the growth rates on a YoY 
basis from a deal perspective appear to be a tad weaker one. They're in 
single digit, 9% and 7% respectively. So, is it because of certain timing 
issue in terms of closing of projects or is this on your expected line? And 
if you could also comment on the pipeline while you answered that. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure.  
Abhishek Bhandari: And the second question is for Vinit.  So, Vinit you know we have 
probably exhausted all the traditional levers in terms of utilization and 
optimization.  So, going forward, how should we think on the margin 
improvement? I remember the comment that on a year-on-year basis, we 
want to be as close as possible to last year number - we'll probably end 
there, but on a go forward basis say FY26 and 27, aligning to your 
medium-term aspiration of 200 basis point improvement in margin, how 
should we think about it? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure.  So, I will take the first question, Abhishek.  So, if you look at our 
revenue conversion, I made that comment earlier in the call as well.  Our 
revenue conversion is sum of our ACV conversion and the TCVs that we 
have announced over a period of time.  Even if you look at some of the 
deal wins now.  So, we announced a deal win where we announced a 150 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 31 
 
million+ 7-year deal and that could only go up with time.  So, if you look 
at deals like that, there are at least in the last five years, there are at least 
45+ deals that are multiyear deals where you may not necessarily see the 
renewals come in the ACV side of it and if you look at the backlog of 
Persistent, it has been increasing over a period of time.  We don't 
announce backlog.  We don't intend announcing backlog in the shorter 
run.  All I can say is if you look our growth, the layering of the TCV is what 
is basically giving us the revenue growth consistently over the last 19 
quarters.  So, we are comfortable with whatever the ACV growth is.  We 
will always aspire to do better and we are confident in our growth 
journey.  We don't comment on the pipeline that much, but the pipeline 
remains healthy.  I'll note quantify the pipeline.  Vinit, over to you for the 
margin commentary. 
Vinit Teredesai: 
So, Abhishek, yes, your point is absolutely valid.  The utilization is at a 
peak level, but I will also say at this point of time, while our comfortable 
band remains to be in the 83% to 85% range.  It's not that in the short run 
this utilization is going to come down to that level.  We are comfortable, 
at least in the short run, to continue with a little bit of high utilization 
levels.  The second leg on the cost optimization part, there are many 
other levers that we are still working upon.  I'll just give one or two 
examples.  One - in terms of pricing.  We are working with multiple 
customers in terms of implementation of the COLA clauses, in terms of 
getting some change request, wherever possible, we are also going and 
basically trying to get nonlinear revenue. As more and more AI levers get 
utilized, the nonlinear revenue is another factor which can help us in 
terms of improving our margins and last, not the least, the SG&A, as you 
see that our SG&A as compared to our peers is on a higher side, so there 
is a scope of optimization that is still available there.  So, these are all the 
factors that will continue to do that and finally, at the end of the day, as 
we continue to grow, a lot of these problems will also - the margin 
problem will also get sorted out. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, I'll just add one thing there.  So, Abhishek, I'm sure you are one of the 
best analysts out there.  You can see your spreadsheets.  If we were to 
deliver 14.5% for the full year, that means an exit run rate at a different 
level.  That exit run rate for the year becomes an entry run rate for the 
next year.  Then, couple that with whatever Vinit said and as you know, 
we mentioned the more we bring IP/differentiated capabilities, we are 
able to get a differentiated pricing and if you were to look at our pricing 
with respect to the industry, we have been able to, over the last several 
years, command a premium.  So, all of that put together along with our 
disciplined operational execution as much as we do disciplined execution 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 31 
 
on the revenue side, we are confident of whatever we have set on margin 
trajectory and we'll let the time pan out. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Thank you and all the best for calendar 25. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Sandeep Shah. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah.  Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on good execution.  
Sandeep, just wanted to understand entering FY26 or CY25, are you 
worried about demand in Healthcare with a change in US administration 
because some of your peers are highlighting the same in terms of 
uncertainty. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Okay.  So, if you look at it, I'll give a philosophical answer first and then 
we'll come to this.  So, macroeconomic environment, all of these other 
environments – look - they are given to everyone.  How one reacts and 
how an organization reacts, is where the maturity comes in.  If you look 
at the last four years, we've gone through COVID, where we grew despite 
the sector not growing.  We came through post-COVID where we grew 
even at 35% and we had five quarters of 9% sequential.  We saw post-
COVID, where people talked about macro being bad, even this last 
quarter gone by, a lot of people said whatever it is.  So, all we can say is 
even when there is a, you know, tough environment for a particular 
sector, there are going to be opportunities if you are able to analyze the 
sector.  If there is pressure on that sector for IT services companies like 
ours or technology services companies like ours, there's a cost 
optimization opportunity.  When the market becomes better, there's a 
revenue enhancement opportunity.  So, are we worried? You know worry 
doesn't get us anything.  We are keenly looking to see what happens, 
where does it throw up opportunities for us, how do we kind of partner 
with our customers, get even more closer to them specially our top 100 
customers who give us 80% of our revenues, and so we are relatively 
confident we will sail through this as well.  We have to just analyze as the 
Trump administration settles in.  What are the actions, how does it 
impact, and how do we partner with our customers for their success? So, 
I’ll leave it there. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah, and just a last quick follow up on what you said, so in terms of 
pipeline and the deal wins, the proportion of cost takeout versus 
discretionary, are you seeing any tilt towards discretionary? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 31 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, it's too early to say.  I can only say that the mood is changing in 
certain business cycles or certain business you know, places where 
people are more buoyant about the investments that may happen in the 
US because of the you know, government policies and so on, so forth.  
But it is too early for that to convert into pipeline and into closures.  So, 
we will have to give it a little bit of time.  The mood is buoyant, but 
nothing to reflect in discretionary coming up big time.  We will wait for 
another quarter to two quarters before that and so far it is business as 
usual.  We have to find our own opportunities within the things. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just the last clarification, margin aspiration to improve by 200-300 
bps in medium term remains, right because there are no comments in 
the opening remarks? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah.  Because see if you look at the exit run rate as I said to Abhishek, if 
you analyze our, you know things right now and I'm sure you can do your 
mathematics, 14.9% is what we delivered.  There were headwinds and 
tailwinds.  There was furlough impact of 0.6%.  You can put your 
mathematics together.  Hopefully that bodes into a margin improvement 
for the next quarter, that becomes an entry run rate for the next year and 
then we have to execute.  So, that should give you confidence on what 
I'm saying. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from Vimal Gohil. 
Ravi Menon:  
Hello.  This is Ravi Memon. 
Vimal Gohil:  
Yeah, hi.  Can you hear me?  
Moderator: 
 
Ravi, we will take Vimal first and then   
Vimal Gohil: 
Yeah.  Thanks for the opportunity, Sir, and an excellent quarter.  
Sandeep, my question is to you.  Just wanted your comments on the 
autonomous AI delivery that you spoke about, which is again SASVATM 
led, very encouraging to see deal wins coming through on that.  While 
you've shared that how do the benefits that we get to partake with the 
clients, you already shared that aspect.  I want your comments on what 
happens to the long-term planning of headcount addition for the 
company going forward? What kind of headcount, are we looking to add? 
How will the pyramid change? How will the onsite offshore ratio get 
impacted? On that, basically the operational aspect, how will that 
change? Thank you so much. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 31 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah.  I'm smiling because this is a longer discussion, but if you look at it 
in a very short this thing, look, we have been a leading technology 
services company.  We have led by adopting technology ahead of our 
peers.  So, that would mean that we will need to have a 2-tiered 
economy within the company.  There are people who are focused on 
market share gains here and now, and there are people who are focused 
on building platforms for the future, which everyone in the company will 
embrace, our learning and development will gear up.  They will basically 
take the platforms that we are building, whether it is our own IP, whether 
it's IP built on our partner ecosystem, the hyperscalers, our specialized 
partners and then train the rest of the manpower.  So, the pyramid etc. is 
going to change over a period of time, not necessarily next quarter, but 
over the next several quarters and years, you will see the pyramid 
concept fading away.  You will see more outcome-driven kind of business 
models evolving at least as far as Persistent is concerned.  You will see us 
partaking more value not passing on 100% of the benefits and just getting 
into a race to the bottom.  So, you will see a number of these changes, 
but we'll let the things pan by.  It is going to be a multiyear journey.  
While we all talk about agentic AI, while we all talk about how we are 
progressing, for enterprises, beyond a certain set of enterprises who are 
technologically savvy for others to adopt, it will take months and quarters 
and years.  So, from that perspective, all the comments that you have 
said are valid, but we see an opportunity because we don't have the 
innovator’s dilemma, we don’t have to worry about a legacy, we don't 
have, you know, hundreds of thousands of people.  We can happily 
nibble at other people’s you know, market share by going and disrupting 
what they do by 100 people over a period of time, maybe we can do it by 
50 or less.  So, there is enough opportunity for Persistent.  We are not 
worried about any of these things.  We have to invest ahead of the curve 
better than the others.  So, that's where we are and that's why we even 
are looking at a very differentiated journey over the next 6-7 years.  So, 
I'll leave it there. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thanks.  Thanks.  Thank you, Sandeep Sir.  Just one bookkeeping question 
for Vinit Sir.  Vinit, anything noteworthy on the provision for doubtful 
debt this quarter? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Obviously while we don't call out, it remains within the normal range.  So, 
there are no material pluses, minuses that are happening. 
Vimal Gohil:  
Thanks.  Thanks, gentlemen.  Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from Ravi Menon. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 31 
 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thanks for giving an opportunity.  Sandeep, congratulations on really 
broad-based growth and the deal wins as well.  You spoke about it at a 
micro vertical level.  I just want to understand the seasonality of these 
bookings.  I mean last year Q3, I think we had some you know very strong 
bookings.  This year again Q3 is very strong.  What drives the seasonality 
in Q3? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure.  So, Ravi, you are aware of Persistent business mix very well.  In our 
fact sheet, if you look at it, 80% of our revenues come from North 
America, predominently the US.  So, if 80% of our revenues come from a 
geography in which the financial year is driven by calendar year.  So, 
calendar year ending in December means most of our larger renewals 
etc., which are annual renewals happen in the October, November, 
December quarter.  So, you see a spike in the renewals - that combined 
with whatever we do on new, whether in existing or you know, net new 
customers that is basically the sum of the entire bookings that we do and 
if you look at traditionally last several years, you will see Q3 being 
seasonality-wise, more stronger for us on the bookings front. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks.  And you're talking about some sort of pickup that we might see 
slightly and this year I've heard that decisions, you know about budgets 
are yet to be made, probably will be made only by February.  Is that right 
and would we then you know likely to see a bump up in bookings in Q4? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look, if the budgets get decided in February that by the time that has 
an impact on pipeline, that is an impact on bookings etc., it will be a little 
bit more time.  But look, we are building the business on an ongoing basis 
and if you look at our trend over the last several quarters, our year-on-
year, the revenue part is increasing.  That's a combination of the 
bookings that we do now and as I said earlier over the last several years, 
whatever backlog we have been able create.  So, it is trending in the right 
direction, but from a market perspective, I think it is too early to 
celebrate green shoots victory and so on.  One has to just focus and with 
our own capabilities, mine our own customers, and cultivate the right 
new logos. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much and congrats again and best of luck for your FY31 
journey. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from Manik Taneja. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 28 of 31 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the broad-based 
performance in the current quarter.  Sandeep, you touched upon the fact 
that we are looking to pivot to a software or operating or change in the 
commercial model.  Do you think this can help us decouple from the 
typical headcount led growth in our business? And the second question is 
that does this also accelerate the margin expansion journey that you are 
striving for, given some of the productivity or the efficiency gains that 
you will see from this initiative? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah.  So, good direction.  So, if you look at it, yes, that is where the 
industry, the people who adopt the AI part and are able to leverage it and 
build differentiated service offerings, IP, etc. will go.  So, there definitely 
will be a decoupling, but again my only caution would be, please don't 
expect it next quarter, next to next quarter, and so on.  This is going to be 
a multi quarter, multiyear journey, and it'll also need certain amount of 
investments to be done and while we have said on one side we will do 
margin optimization, the play for differentiated tech services companies, 
let's say five years, seven years from now would be the margins would 
look very different from what they are right now, and that is the 
opportunity, but in the shorter run, while we optimize for margins, we'll 
keep investing to build those differentiation so that we can ride that 
wave, we can decouple the headcount growth from the revenue growth, 
and hence have more revenue per employee, profit per employee over 
the next several years and then you know obviously what you're saying is 
where we would be. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from Abhishek Kumar. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Yeah.  Hi.  I hope I'm audible.  Sandeep, you mentioned that you know 
you are very confident of your FY27, $2 billion revenue run rate - revenue 
aspiration.  That is pretty much a giveaway you know of what to expect 
next two years in terms of growth.  My only question is does this include 
any inorganic contribution from here on, or given the order backlog we 
have, you are pretty confident of achieving it organically? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Okay.  So, let me paraphrase.  So, $2 billion by 2027 financial year end is 
an aspiration.  What we are saying is this.  We are on that trajectory.  We 
don't want to be overconfident.  Having said that, when you're running a 
large organization and today we have become a semi-large organization, 
we have 24,000 of us.  A few years back, we started saying our aspiration 
is $1 billion.  We met that in time.  Then we started saying $2 billion, we 
are on that track and so we are also aspirationally, you know, ambitious 
people.  We want to do the right by our customers, but we also want to 
grow and we see an opportunity that AI is giving us to compete against 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 29 of 31 
 
the biggest, whether it is the largest in the US, Europe, or India and so we 
want to move the goal post on our aspiration and that's why we have 
moved the goal post so that we have a bigger picture for all of us, a 
bigger career path for all our employees and team members globally, and 
so it is not a giveaway that we are saying that it is guaranteed that will be 
$2 billion by FY27, we still have a lot of work to do.  All we are saying is, 
we are confident of the trajectory, we will be at it, we will deliver that, 
but our bigger goal post is now $5 billion by 2031, which will make us one 
of the fastest growing tech services company, should we be able to 
achieve that aspiration, which we will give our best. 
Now, the other part of inorganic.  Inorganic has never been a revenue 
accretion game for us.  It has always been a capability build up kind of 
thing for us, whether it is, you know, Arrka is just a 20-people acquisition, 
but in the data privacy domain which is paramount in today's AI kind of a 
thing.  Any services company that does not focus on that cannot go to the 
customer straight face talk about implementing AI solutions.  Similarly, 
Starfish was a very small acquisition but gives us a totally new 
addressable market in contact center optimization.  So, our foray will be 
like that.  The only place where we might do a slightly scaled acquisition 
is Europe, where we are at 8% to 9%.  Our aspiration is, you know, 12% to 
15%.  So, outside of that, you will see us stick to our knitting, do focused 
acquisitions, and investments, giving us technology to become even 
bigger, better version of ourselves, much more differentiated than our 
peers.  Hopefully, that answers. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from Vibhor Singhal. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Hello.  Am I audible? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes, please. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yeah, hi.  Thanks Sandeep.  Thanks Vinit.  Thanks for taking my question 
and congrats on a very solid performance yet again.  Sandeep, just want 
to pick your brain on the FY31 target that you have set.  I know, in the 
subsequent quarters you mentioned you are going to come up with a 
proper roadmap to it, but just on the preliminary thoughts, I mean, what 
will it take for us to do differently from what we are doing at this point of 
time to reach that goal? I mean, can we continue doing the same that we 
are doing and reach there or do you see some different kind of 
opportunities? For example, a lot of your peers have called out this big 
opportunity in the ERP refresh cycle, is there anything that something of 
that sort that we're looking to do? Just some color on that would be 
helpful.  I'm sure you would come with a detailed plan later on, but any 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 30 of 31 
 
preliminary thought will be really helpful.  Then I have a follow up 
question for Vinit. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
We have two minutes in the call, so I'll just keep it very, very brief.  So, 
essentially, look, doing more of the same doesn't get us different results.  
So, obviously, we have to gear up differently.  We have scaled verticals to 
nearly $0.5 billion across verticals, give or take - healthcare, life sciences 
at $400 million run rate right now - 100 million a quarter; financial 
services just above that, you know, tech above that.  So, first and 
foremost, each of these verticals is an ocean.  Dividing that and creating 
12 to 15 subvertical growth engines starting from there, focusing on the 
top 100 customers, going much deeper in the top 100 customers, mining 
them effectively, bringing the net new engine at a different scale through 
sourcing advisors or private equity – private equity is a very scaled play 
for us, very differentiated play for us.  We all understand, in Persistent, 
there's a set of people who understand private equity like nobody else in 
our industry does.  Very few companies in our industry understand 
private equity like that.  So, there are many such things, many such 
motions, but we'll leave it for another day because there's hardly one 
minute left.  If you can ask the final question to Vinit, then you know, 
we'll try and wrap up the call. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Sure.  Thanks, Sandeep.  Vinit, just on the earnout reversal provision that 
we have taken.  So, have we seen the end of it or do you believe there 
could be more of it in the next quarter or something will spill over in FY26 
as well? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
At this point of time, and I think, I mentioned this in our last quarter's call 
also that our anticipation is that this will end by the end of this financial 
year. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
So, Q4 there might be something more, but in Q1 they won't be any? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
As of now, yes, that's what. 
Nupur Singhal: 
Yes, right.  Got it, got it.  Thank you, Sandeep.  Thanks for taking my 
question.  I wish you all the best. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you.  So, with this, let me close our call with a message that we are 
positive about our growth prospects as we move into the next quarters.  
We continue to work with our customers proactively engaging and 
partnering with them to help develop solutions for their forward-looking 
strategies.   

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 31 of 31 
 
Thank you all of you for spending time with us on the call today and we 
look forward to connecting with you again in three months’ time to 
provide an update on our ongoing progress.  Thank you.   
Operator, we can close the call. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Persistent Systems Limited, that concludes today's 
conference.  Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
line and exit the webinar.  Thank you, everyone. 
 
 
Please note that this transcript has been edited for readability. 
