 
UNIPARTS INDIA LTD. 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Gripwel House, Block-5, LSC, C 6 & 7, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110 070, India | Tel: +91 11 26137979 |Fax: +91 11 26133195 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, B 208, A1 & A2, Phase-II, Noida-201305, (U.P.), India  
Tel: +91 120 4581400 | Fax: +91 120 4581499 
E-mail: info@unipartsgroup.com; website: www.unipartsgroup.com 
An ISO 9001:2008 & 14001:2004 Company 
CIN : L74899DL1994PLC061753 
February 13, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543689 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: UNIPARTS 
 
Subject:  Regulation 30: Transcript of Earnings Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial 
Results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of earnings call on the Unaudited Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024, which was 
held on Friday, February 07, 2025. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.unipartsgroup.com/home/quarterly_financial_results .  
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Uniparts India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Jatin Mahajan 
Head Legal, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
JATIN 
MAHAJAN
Digitally signed by JATIN MAHAJAN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=4415, 
pseudonym=57CE10F5C24ED1DE7B540
9CF4264DDDE, 
2.5.4.20=e3fc705527aaf20c69e82fd8ef3a
9a41d8839d36101b61ecac0711594d6b7
1ad, postalCode=110055, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=D5B1DB751344DCAEA44
F0C205F807DA679A55E6357945C94BE9
5083C41AC9235, cn=JATIN MAHAJAN 
Date: 2025.02.13 11:26:48 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
  
“Uniparts India Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
         
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURDEEP SONI – PROMOTER, CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – UNIPARTS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. PARAMJIT SINGH SONI – PROMOTER, EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR AND VICE CHAIRMAN – UNIPARTS INDIA 
LIMITED 
MS. TANUSHREE BAGRODIA – DIRECTOR AND GROUP 
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – UNIPARTS INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT MAHESHWARI, GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – UNIPARTS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK MAHESHWARI – VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCIAL PLANNING, ANALYSIS AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – UNIPARTS INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MONALI JAIN -- GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Uniparts India Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Monali Jain from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Monali Jain: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Q3 and 9 months FY '25 earnings 
call of Uniparts India Limited. We have on the call Mr. Gurdeep Soni, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Paramjit Soni, Promoter, Executive Director and Vice Chairman; Ms. Tanushree 
Bagrodia, Director and Group Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Rohit Maheshwari, Group Chief 
Financial Officer; Mr. Vivek Maheshwari, Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis and 
Investor Relations. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that company faces. I will 
now request Mr. Soni to take us through the financials and the business update, subsequent to 
which we'll open the floor for questions-and-answers. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Gurdeep Soni: 
Thanks, Monali. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 3 FY '25 
earnings call of Uniparts India Limited. Trust that all of you are doing very well. As the end 
market demand environment is being monitored closely, Uniparts team continues to focus on 
operational endeavors, leveraging competitive strengths, including dual-shoring manufacturing 
and flexible delivery model with onshore warehouses as well as proposed near-shoring options 
to optimize these opportunities emerging in the evolving operating environment. 
 
The Uniparts team is navigating this challenging business environment cautiously and creatively 
while continuing its unwavering emphasis on our core strengths. The company's business 
continues to generate healthy cash flows, lending requisite strength to the balance sheet to propel 
growth ambitions organically and as well as inorganically. 
 
Let me now spend next few minutes sharing thoughts with respect to the current operating 
environment and business highlights. Starting with the construction end market. As alluded 
during a couple of preceding quarterly con-calls, there have been signs of softness in 
construction equipment end market in our key geographies globally. Our largest global customer 
is witnessing early to mid-double-digit decline in this segment. This impact on our sales to them 
is higher than that due to some impact of inventory destocking. 
 
The healthy rise in business relationship with the global leader in construction equipment as well 
as another young account in Europe is helping in offsetting some of the end market weakness. 
The net impact of end market weakness partially offset by increased business with a couple of 
key clients is about mid-teens decline year-on-year for Uniparts in the Construction segment. 
 
Coming to large ag demand, sluggishness in large agriculture equipment is hurting overall short-
term demand in US and Europe with some additional element of inventory correction. However, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
this is also showing some new opportunities, which Uniparts is working on. In fact, our 
relationship with a leading tractor OEM is gaining good traction, and we have got some new 
business with them. This is helping in offsetting the overall weakness in European end markets 
to some extent. 
 
Coming to the North America and Japan small agriculture equipment market, these are 
witnessing some further weakness in short-term, while small agriculture equipment market in 
Europe and India is stable to marginally positive. Our aftermarket segment is performing well 
post the inventory correction cycle, and that part of demand is seemingly normalizing now. This 
segment is likely to grow 25% to 30% year-on-year in this fiscal itself. The addition of new 
customer during our last fiscal who has the second largest group of retail stores in North America 
is helping this growth and has more room to grow. Sales run rate to this new account has been 
higher than anticipated. 
 
The company's balance sheet continues to be net debt free with group net cash position at 
INR208 crores. Our business continues to witness healthy free cash flows at about 16% of 
revenues from operations during this reported quarter.  
The new award pipeline remains encouraging with added traction in all product verticals, 
including PMP, large agriculture equipment assemblies, agricultural machinery in India, and 
high horsepower 3-Point Linkage as well as further geographical expansion in below 70 
horsepower tractors is also gaining traction. The end market softness may have some bearing on 
the implementation time lines. And finally, our active evaluation and engagement towards 
inorganic growth options continues. 
 
With this, before I hand over the mic to Vivek for financial details of the reported quarter, I wish 
to introduce Ms. Tanushree Bagrodia, who joined us in November as Group Chief Operating 
Officer, and she is also a member of our Board of Directors. She brings with her extensive 
experience across diverse geographies and sectors, spanning financial services, automotive and 
start-ups. She will be in charge of Uniparts Group wide operations and customer service. 
Also, at this time, I place on record my sincere gratitude to the outgoing Group Chief Operating 
Officer, Mr. Sudhakar Kolli for his valuable contributions and leadership. With this, I would 
like to hand over to Vivek Maheshwari to discuss the details of our financial performance during 
the reported quarter. Thanks, and over to you, Vivek. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening all. I would like to share following financial and business 
highlights of the quarter ending 31st December 2024. Revenue from operations for Q3 came in 
at INR208 crores, which is a quarter-on-quarter change of minus 18.7% and year-on-year change 
of minus 19.6%. Reported EBITDA for Q3 was INR37.2 crores, which is a quarter-on-quarter 
change of minus 11.1% and a year-on-year change of minus 16.1%, while the reported EBITDA 
margin was at 17.9% for the quarter. 
 
Operating cash flow generation for the quarter was approximately INR46 crores. The net 
working capital comprising of big 3 elements of inventory, accounts receivables and accounts 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
payables as number of days of trailing 12 months revenue from operations stood at 
approximately 151 days as on 31st December 2024. 
 
Net working capital during the quarter decreased by approximately INR21 crores. Uniparts 
balance sheet continues to be net debt free with group net cash position at approximately INR208 
crores as also alluded by sir. Cash outgo towards capex commitments during the quarter has 
been approximately INR11 crores. 
 
Total new business award value during trailing 12 months has been approximately INR203 
crores, which represents annualized potential value of underlying projects. Inflationary pressure 
on operating cost remains in the medium-term to be partially mitigated through operational 
efficiencies. Macro concerns over global economic slowdown, geopolitical uncertainties, 
evolving global trade tariff environment and impact of persistent inflation as well as elevated 
interest rates continues to be key monitorable. 
 
With this summary, I would like to hand the conference back to the moderator for question-and-
answer session. Thanks very much. 
Moderator: 
Our first question comes from the line of Rushabh Shah from Buglerock PMS. 
Rushabh Shah: 
So my question is you mentioned many times that top 10 customers that are in construction side 
outside of China, 5 are your customers. And you said that you are going to add further more. So 
what has happened, sir, have we progressed on that front? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Yes, I can take that. So I think the bigger one that is moving along is our, as Gurdeep alluded in 
the call earlier that our relationship with the largest one, Caterpillar is really, really growing very 
rapidly. And I think the way we are executing new projects there has been very, very high. At 
the same time, we -- I think we mentioned on our last call that we've taken some very large new 
awards on construction equipment from another large customer, which is for the Mexico 
operations as part of our near-shoring strategy. 
 
So in terms of like the new business that we've taken in, like Vivek mentioned, about INR203 
crores of new business got awarded. I think a significant portion of that is coming from the 
construction equipment side and from these customers itself. So the relationship with them 
continues to be very, very robust. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My second question is, you are executing with many other divisions within Caterpillar. So 
earlier, it was just the building and construction product division. Now it is ground engagement 
tools division. And so there are different divisions of Caterpillar, which are now getting on 
board. So how are we planning with other players also? Are we planning the same thing like we 
are doing for Caterpillar? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
We are quoting other players as well. I think everybody is looking -- so we are, at this time, 
processing some very large RFQs with Case New Holland Construction as well. So we are 
processing these RFQs with all these other people and continue to grow horizontally within the 
existing ones as well. So that part of the strategy continues to remain. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Rushabh Shah: 
All the other players, sir. 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Sorry? 
Rushabh Shah: 
No. With all the other players, we are doing the same strategy as Caterpillar, correct? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
It's always the strategy you first make an entry into a customer and then you horizontally grow 
within them. So our entry points with other customers, those endeavors are going on. We are 
already in Kobelco. We're already working with Kubota on this. We are already working -- we're 
trying to extend our relationship -- we entered Case New Holland and now we're trying to expand 
that relationship. So it continues on all fronts over here. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My third question is, you said that you basically know that the number of vehicles in the 
agriculture and construction equipment are limited. So they are not like automobiles. Hello. Am 
I audible? Hello. 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Yes, please continue. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Yes. So I'll repeat the question. You said that you basically know the number of vehicles in the 
agriculture and construction equipment are limited. So they are not like automobile. So your 
goal was to increase the content per vehicle. So what was it 5 years ago? What is it now? And 
how are you going to increase or maintain it going further? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
So the way we are -- I can't answer with numbers what was it earlier and what is now because 
it's different with every customer and different on every vehicle. But to give you a situation, we 
basically -- from a strategy on every vehicle was we had a strategy to stand down and say, hey, 
we are doing a 3-Point Linkage on below 70 horsepower, then we were going to go in the higher 
than -- greater than 70 horsepower tractors. And so this year, if you look at a lot of the new 
awards, they're coming from that part of the strategy. 
 
So a lot of new awards in 3-Point Linkage are coming in from the greater than 70 horsepower 
tractors, while we continue our geographic growth on the below 70 horsepower tractors. So for 
example, we've taken on some new accounts in Korea to do this, and we are expanding that. At 
the same time, on the construction equipment, again, we've expanded our capability for much 
larger size of parts and hence, addressing the larger -- big size excavators and mining equipment 
as well. 
 
We have added more capabilities on the fabrication side of our business, which is not even a full 
platform just now. But if you remember from our earlier strategy, we had identified 3 platforms, 
PTO, fabrications and hydraulics. So on the fabrication platform this year, we've had some very 
large awards on that side of the business. And these fabrications are also going on some of these 
vehicles. So you are basically adding more systems next to the existing systems. So our strategy 
of shifting system boundaries continues to remain. 
And I think customers are preferring that because it helps them rationalize their supply chain 
even more. So we are getting more and more awards. And I think we are seeing a significant 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
amount of traction on the fabrication side of business as more and more issues emerge with 
China, I think you will see more and more India come into that place. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investment. 
Saumil Shah: 
Sir, this quarter has been the lowest sales and lowest PAT in last 15, 18 quarters. And sir, quarter-
after-quarter, we have been waiting for the revival in our industry, but we are not able to see. So 
by when you think we can go back to our earlier EBITDA margin of 21% and PAT of 14%? 
And what would be your guidance for FY '26? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
So Saumil, thank you for the question. And I agree with you. I think the kind of markets that I 
have seen, I've never seen in my 3 decades. Having said this, the good news is the worst is behind 
us now. I alluded to it last -- in my last call as well to say, hey, we will -- quarter 3 is going to 
be lower. And after that, we will start seeing the uptick, even though the markets are still soft. 
So if you look at the construction market, that's still soft. For the large agricultural equipment 
market, that's still soft. 
 
The small tractor -- and while it's still a little bit soft, at least the inventory correction has stopped 
over there. The aftermarket segment is really, really growing for us, okay? As we go into this 
next quarter, in Q4 itself, you will see the upswing happen. Part of that is seasonality as well, 
but the other part is you are seeing a lot of new projects come into line. 
So the key over here for us is while the markets will do what they are doing, and I think we've 
got so much more new awards and new business going in that as we go into our next year, a 
significant chunk of growth you will see come from the implementation of the new business. So 
even for the next year market, if I do the segmentation of what is going up, what is going down.  
Even the markets are generally going down with our different segmentations in different 
geographies, we may see flat to maybe low single-digit of just the existing market growth. But 
I do believe we will see double-digit mid-teen kind of growth just purely from new business. So 
we will be outperforming the market completely. 
And so the last of the quarters, which was really, really low is what we're thinking is over. Q4 is 
going to be better. I believe sequentially, we will be significantly better than that. And the new 
projects, they'll start off, they'll kick off. So I do expect the first half of next fiscal year, you'll 
start seeing the growth come in. 
And by the second half of fiscal, you will see the new projects really, really blooming. So that's 
how I see it just now. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And so basically, Q4, you see -- you are saying that it would be the best quarter out of the 
3 quarters which had gone by? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
I think it will be between the -- it could be the second best between whatever we were in quarter 
1 and quarter 2, I think we will reach that point in any case. So you will see that swing back 
come over. And then I would imagine by the time we touch Q1 of next year, you will start to see 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
the numbers go up further because of the new projects being implemented. The end markets are 
still tough. 
So some of the end markets -- because the large agricultural equipment and the construction, 2 
segments are still tough. I believe the small tractor will start turning around in second half of 
next year because it's already been 3 years now that it's down back to back. And I think that is 
going to turn around. Part of it is obviously related to some of the interest rate regimes, we will 
see how that plays out. 
But the entire squeezing of that market is all over. I've never seen a downturn so, so bad in so 
many years. But the good news is, we've managed to go through it. We managed to still maintain 
other than the operating leverage, still a reasonable EBITDA margin. And as soon as the things 
turns around, you will start seeing immediately going back to the 20% because that's just the 
operating leverage scenario. And I think we're prepared for our growth. 
 
The real good news is all the new business coming into play. And it's coming in, in exactly the 
strategic areas that we need them to. Even as you look at the global political environment with 
all the tariffs and everything, I think Uniparts is in a very good position because we strategically 
implemented all the tools. We implemented the global sourcing model earlier. We implemented 
the dual-shore manufacturing, which is paying dividends. 
We are investing into the near-shoring in Mexico now. So the number of options we are 
providing customers to be able to deal with all these challenges seamlessly. I think Uniparts may 
be unique in doing this. And hence, the new business, I think we continue to keep focusing on 
it. So the worst is over, Saumil, let's put it that way. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. So since the base is also low, at least we can expect mid-teens kind of revenue growth for 
next year? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
I think so. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And sir, in last call, you mentioned that we are adding one more product line. So any 
updates on the same? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
I think the fabrication business definitely is continuing to grow. Like I mentioned, we've added 
new products over there, and I think we're seeing more and more traction over there. And so that 
part is continuing even like Vivek alluded earlier, the new customer we had added on the 
aftermarket with all the new stores, they are performing much better, more and -- so they had 
about 800 stores and originally, maybe only 400, 450 of those had come on board. Now the rest 
of them are coming on board. So you continue to see higher growth over there. 
 
So with new product as well as new customers, I think it continues nicely. I mean for you to see 
-- in the aftermarket in this year, if you're giving about -- my guess is about close to between 
25% to 30% of growth over last year. The market hasn't grown that much. So obviously, we are 
way outperforming it. And that's a good margin business as well. So that's helping us. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. So this is a new line business, I mean, fabrication? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Yes, fabrications is coming from a lot of new products which are coming in. So fabrications, 
we're looking at to develop it more into a serious platform itself. I think there is a need opening 
up in these markets for this. And we are seeing a lot of interest from customers on that side. 
Fabrication is on the attachment side itself. So again, it's synergistic to what we do. 
Like I said, already we are doing stuff which is attaching to the -- use the vehicle and attaches 
equipment to it. And so now we're trying to see how we expand with more fabrications in the 
attachment space itself. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And sir, my final question, sir, are we following any dividend distribution policy? I mean, 
what we can expect every year? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
I think our dividend distribution policy is stated and we are outperforming it every year. I think 
right now because the cash flows are very, very robust. And so while I'm maintaining some cash 
flow to see if I can fund some inorganic endeavors, but we are maintaining a very high dividend 
ratio. Vivek or Rohit, can you give the numbers on the dividend policy and the numbers that 
we've had, Vivek? 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Yes, sir. The stated policy is 25% of profit or above. While this year itself with the second 
interim dividend, total dividend has been about INR14 or so, which is very close to the Y-T-D 
EPS as well. So right now, we are giving out almost 80% to 90% of the profits because of the 
surplus cash. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. So basically -- okay, more than 25%. This year, it would be, I think... 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Yes, we are doing more than 25%. The stated policy is that, but currently, we have more 
significant cash flows. So we are maintaining a healthy rate over there. So even despite the lower 
markets this year, I think our dividend this year is higher than last year as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Nikunj Doshi from Bay Capital. 
Nikunj Doshi: 
It's nice to hear some positive note this conference call. So congratulations on that. And just 
we've seen recent resolution about some INR1,500 crores-odd we can land or something. So are 
we looking at really large acquisition or something? Or what is it for? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
I can't really comment too much. I'm actively looking at acquisitions. I think it will be premature 
for me to give any numbers at this stage. But the acquisitions are going to be such that -- I'm not 
for some very, very large things. We will manage stuff, which is -- we can manage easily, which 
fits strategically. And so I think our goals of – criteria’s of what we are looking for, what size 
we will look for, I think, are pretty well defined. But... 
Nikunj Doshi: 
It looks very large INR1,500 crores, enabling resolution looks very large as well. 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Yes, the enabling resolution may be large, but I think we will be -- for us, that's more an enabling 
thing. What I'm actually working on or what the team is working on is more at a situation where 
it will be strategically very positive to the company. Let's put it that way. All right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Nikunj Doshi: 
And again, this acquisition we have been hearing for more than a year now. So is it still far away 
or we can expect things in near future? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Well, it's a very hard thing to answer. All I can say is it's been consuming a lot of our time. But 
-- so we are putting a lot of effort into it. And I think like with all these things, it's not done till 
it's done, but I think I can just tell you that the team is spending a lot of resources on it. All right? 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Devchandra Ramani. 
Devchandra Ramani: 
We are guiding next year for around 15% revenue growth. Can you split this growth between 
small tractors, large tractors, aftermarket and construction? That would be helpful. 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
I think we have those numbers, but it's coming from all. The bigger growth is coming from 2 
zones. It's the large tractor, the greater than 70 horsepower, which is where we said our focus 
used to be. So there's a very nice chunk of growth coming from there. There is a chunk of growth 
coming in from the PMP construction side with the near-shoring Mexico strategy as well. 
And also from the aftermarket and new products, the least growth is actually coming from the 
below 70 horsepower tractor because that we had high market shares in the first place. There, 
we are seeing some growth come in geographically from markets like Korea and all that. But 
the bigger stuff is coming from our strategic areas where we had room to grow. 
And also from new platforms and some fabrications and stuff like that. So -- but it's coming -- 
thankfully, it's coming from all sides rather than just one side. And more importantly, it's even 
the robustness of the delivery model with the amount that goes to the warehouse or through 
direct, I think that ratio is not changing significantly. 
It's -- the warehouse one still continues to grow, which was the better margin business in the first 
place. And thankfully, this year, we've had the aftermarket growth, which also is a better margin 
business. So it's an area there, I think, which are good for us. 
Devchandra Ramani: 
Okay. But when I'm looking at our end customers, specifically within North America, I'm talking 
about tractor customers. So most of the customers are forecasting 2025, CY 2025, maybe 
somewhere around minus 5% to minus 10%. And even construction customers as well, 
specifically our largest customer within construction side. 
So that is forecasting 2025 at somewhere around 5%, 6% kind of revenue growth. So I'm just 
trying to reconcile the numbers. The contribution from new business would be significant, that's 
why we are forecasting for 15% growth or we'll be gaining wallet share within... 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Absolutely. You hit nail on the head. It is -- like I mentioned in my comments earlier, the existing 
business that I have is only going to give me flat to small low-digit numbers. And frankly, a lot 
of that will also coming from the aftermarket as well. So the existing business on the OEM side 
is not going to drive the growth. For me the aftermarket is driving it from here. But the significant 
large one, if you factor that like what I said, the trailing 12 months, we've had about INR203 
crores of new awards. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
A significant portion of them -- and this is the trailing 12 months, the data has been going up 
and up. And so once you start factoring that in and you look at maybe another INR150 crores of 
growth come in from there, that gives you a lot of room to grow then. And that is what's going 
to drive it. 
 
So it's the efforts we were putting in on implementing new projects, getting in new projects 
during this time. I think you will now -- the next year, you will see us do better because of that. 
But that is traditional Uniparts. Traditional Uniparts is when the markets have gone down, we 
still outperform the market to some extent. 
And it's difficult when the inventory correction happens, so you lose a little bit more. But during 
that period, we've tightened our belt. We made sure our margins are reasonably protected. It's 
very hard to protect 20% levels at that time, but protecting a 17% to 18% level is -- with that 
kind of downturn, I think the team has done a phenomenal job. 
 
Now when the market kind of picks back up, even if the market is flat, we will outperform it 
with the new business. And then at the same time, with that the operating deleverage, which was 
causing an issue, some of it will go away, the margins creep back up. So as the market -- and 
then literally, when the market is coming back. 
Let's say, in a year or 2 after that, you will see the cycle that we will continue to grow. And what 
have we done in the meantime? We actually implemented -- we are going to have implemented 
our Mexico strategy with the near-shoring. So another tool in the toolbox will be sitting when 
we are doing this. 
Devchandra Ramani: 
Okay. So basically with an existing base business, small tractors, large tractors and construction, 
will be more or less flat to single-digit. And since we have grown so much business specifically 
within last 1 year, that along with growth in aftermarket would be driving primarily this 15% 
guidance, which we are kind of projecting. That's a fair assumption, right? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Yes. Absolutely. So it's the new business, which is the key driver to this, not the markets. The 
markets are giving me flattish. Even though customers are down, the markets are flattish for me 
on the existing side. OEMs are actually down. Aftermarket is up. So consolidated mix is kind of 
a small 2% to 3% growth, but the bigger growth is coming in from the new business in the next 
year. 
Devchandra Ramani: 
And within the new order wins, which Vivek talked about approximately INR203 crores and on 
the basis of trailing 12 months, would it be possible to classify new orders on the basis of maybe 
agriculture versus construction? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
I think we have all of that data. And -- but I don't have it off the top of my head. You can 
coordinate with Vivek and get that, but we have all of that separately. All right? 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Richa from Equitymaster. 
Richa: 
Sir, I just wanted to know what is the delta between margin delta in aftermarket versus OEM? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
So typically, for us, the margin on the OEM -- again my -- the lowest margin I have is obviously 
the India OEM. So produce in India, sell in India has always been the lower margin. Produce in 
US and sell in US has also been the lower margin. I think for us, the direct export was our mid-
level margins and our warehouse model used to give us the better margins. 
But to separate between aftermarket and OEM, I believe the delta -- I don't specifically look at 
it because we are more focused on our delivery model, but my consolidated guess is it's at least 
a 3% to 4% better margin on the aftermarket. 
Richa: 
And sir, what would be the contribution of this sales from warehousing channels of the all 3 
channels like India versus local and warehousing? What is the mix of warehousing as of now, 9 
months? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
I believe it's in the region of 46% to 47% of our sales are coming from there. 
Richa: 
And is this a function of slowdown in the market and could change when the cycle turns or is it 
likely to be on this growing trajectory? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Say that again, Richa, I could not understand it. 
Richa: 
Sir, my question is that currently, there is a down cycle, and we have seen a substantial expansion 
in the mix of warehousing. Is this linked to cycle in some way? So when the cycle turns, this 
number could again normalize because I think your warehousing has a better margin, right? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
I think this is lesser to do with cycles. It's more to do with how customers look at their risk 
management. We've always said our global delivery model is the biggest thing we have, and that 
helps customers mitigate risk in global sourcing. And I think ever since COVID has occurred, 
this is front and center in all customer strategy, how they are going to mitigate risk. So like I told 
you earlier, we had the dual-shore manufacturing, we had the warehouse solution here to take 
risk out. 
Now with all the situation, customers were looking at a near-shore manufacturing. So we said, 
okay, we'll put something in Mexico with -- for starters, and we've been going with that. As we 
have set up more and more, my gut sense is customers want suppliers to manage all of this. So 
do I see the warehouse model go a little bit higher? Strategically, the answer is yes. I believe the 
challenge is going to be more what do you produce in a country like produce in US and sell in 
US. 
I think that's going to be the challenge with the cost pressures that everybody will face. So I don't 
see that part growing as much, but then that was a lower margin business in any case. And the 
Indian market, again, is dependent on how the Indian market grows. So to me, the direct export 
business and the warehouse businesses, which are slightly better margins are the ones which are 
projected to grow better strategically. And that's what I see longer-term. 
So if you -- when we -- 3 years ago, we were sitting at about warehouse at maybe 42%, 43% of 
our sales. I had said in 5 years, we'll go to 47%, 48%, well, we already did 47% now. I didn't do 
anything to influence this. I can't take any credit for this or discredit for it, right? It is what the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
market did. But it's a testament to what I've been saying that customers will move more towards 
a more risk-averse situation, asking the supply chain to manage this. And I think Uniparts does 
a good job at it. 
Richa: 
Okay. Sir, my last question is, if you could just once highlight what kind of share you are looking 
at, let's say, FY '26 in higher HP tractors. I think it was in single-digits. Is it going to change 
meaningfully? And second question is, I know you have not shared a lot of details for acquisition 
because it might be premature, but what kind of strategic fit you're looking at? Is it a 
geographical diversification or is it into a different kind of product? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
No, we are -- I've always said that we have 2 platforms, which is 3-Point Linkage and PMP, and 
we had 3 identified platforms. PTO, hydraulic and fabrications. And I think strategically, we are 
looking at it to be in one of those. So it's not a bolt-on thing. It's something which will add more 
capabilities. It will leverage what we do with our existing customers. So I think we are looking 
at it in that context. And so it's got to be an additional platform. It is our goal that eventually we 
will drive revenues from multiple platforms. 
So right now, 2 platforms are giving us almost half and half of our sales. So that is risk mitigated. 
I'm hoping to add another third platform, which gives us at least maybe 25%, 30% of our sales. 
And as we go forward in another maybe 1 or 2 years, we'll add another platform. So to me, it's 
synchronous with the strategy where I said, expand system -- shift system boundaries. Wherever 
our product goes just now, what's the next product next to it. 
Let's take that to the customers, let's add more value per vehicle. So it's in sync with that. We 
are not changing course on our strategy at all. 
Richa: 
Okay. And sir, if you could also answer it, what kind of share you are looking at, let's say, 2 to 
3 years from now in higher HP tractors? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
We haven't defined that as to what we are looking for as a share, but all our marketing efforts 
are going in that. And if I look at the business awards and maybe Vivek can do some numbers 
with you later on that, but a significant chunk of the 3-Point Linkage growth that is the new 
business awards that have happened in this year is coming from that only. Like is said, below 70 
horsepower, there's some maybe geographical growth. 
And because I already have high market shares in the US. So -- in India, we have a reasonable 
market share as well. So to me, I'm linked to the market or to some extent in these geographies. 
And in the below 70, we were sitting at like more than 25% of the market share globally, whereas 
in the above 70 horsepower, we were in single-digits, 8%, 9%. So over the next 5 years, could 
we be 20%, 25% of the market? The answer is yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Mohammed Farooq Umair from Pearl Capital. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
So I would like to appreciate the management for engaging with the shareholders. In the last 
conference call, I noticed how well prepared and confident you were despite the challenges, 
especially coming up right after the IPO. Your transparency and commitment to keep the 
investors informed are truly valued, okay? So now coming to my question. In the last meeting, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
management mentioned that a decline in revenues from the top client has impacted Uniparts' 
business. 
Could you provide an update on the performance of your most notable clients in the previous 
quarter, that is October to December? And additionally, how have orders intake trend evolved? 
And what visibility do you have on client demand heading into 2025? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Vivek, do you have the breakout on that or you want me to do it? 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Yes. So Mohammed, I think there are a few things that we can share with you, and most of it is 
public data. So one of our largest clients and it's a public listed company, so has been facing 
degrowth as well as the end markets. So they pretty much on a revenue basis declined about 
20% overall. And the largest chunk was coming from the agriculture market and while also some 
part was coming from the construction market. 
And as sir alluded in one of our responses earlier to another question that the impact on our sales 
to them has been, in some segments has been slightly more magnified because of some inventory 
destocking impact as well. So that's how it is going on. But having said that, also how the markets 
are now panning out as sir elaborated a little earlier, things are either close to bottoming out in 
certain segments. Or there is some more downside in certain segments, which may be witnessed 
in the next 2 to 3 quarters before things become better. 
 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Just to give you a sense, the large agricultural equipment, the pain is not fully gone, Mohammed. 
Some of that is still going to continue. And I think I alluded it earlier also, it's going to probably 
get started. Construction has started the downturn. So when the cycles start, it takes about year, 
1.5 years of the cycle to get out of the way. The small tractor one, which had started as a cycle 
almost 2.5 years ago now, I would have expected -- it lasted longer than I expected. But anyway, 
I'm seeing green shoots on that already come out now that at least that is behind us. 
 
The aftermarket was more coming because of the logistical challenge caused with shipping, 
disruptions and all that, and that cycle has gone through, all the inventories being cycled through 
and so you're seeing some nice growth there. But 2 segments are still tough, the large agricultural 
equipment and the construction equipment. The good news is the new business awards over 
there. So despite the market doing what it's doing, I think the key is Uniparts is going to 
outperform the market completely. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
Yes. That's good. Okay. So now given the current demand environment, could you provide an 
updated outlook for Q4 revenues and margin expectation? And additionally, with the US 
imposing 10% tariff on Chinese import, do you see an opportunity for Uniparts to gain market 
share? Have you observed any meaningful sourcing, shifting from American buyers looking to 
diversify their supply chain? And do you expect this to translate into stronger order flow? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
The answer to your second question is very, very easy, yes. I think again, but let's be careful 
with this. If the tariffs come on India as well, that's going to be a challenge, right? So -- but at 
the same time, yes, here's the thing. I don't care where the tariffs go. And the reason for that is 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
wherever the tariffs go, Uniparts is in a better position than anybody else to deal with it. If I need 
to ramp up in India, I'll ramp up in India. 
If I need to ramp up in the US, I'll ramp up in the US. If I need to do something and with a dual-
shore mix of that, we are able to do that. If I need to do something in Mexico, in 6 months' time, 
I will have that tool in my toolbox. And so we will have more tools in our toolbox than any of 
our competition or anybody else in this field. 
 
So to me, the really good thing is the strategy that we have implemented and hence if there's a 
10% tariff on China, you will see more growth. I'm already seeing -- already increased stuff on 
all these new products. We were talking about fabrications earlier. I'm seeing a large shift happen 
because of that. So there's a threshold point that, once you cross that threshold point, suddenly a 
larger amount of business becomes available. I think that is coming. We can already sense it. 
 
How long do customers take to actually translate that? I think that's a moving target to some 
extent. But the number of RFQs we are processing just now and all of this is very, very high. 
Here's something else that I'm going to tell you. Anybody -- most of our big OEM customers. 
And if you track any of this, you will realize that they are putting more and more people and 
staffing more and more people in India. 
It doesn't matter whether it's Deere, it doesn't matter whether it's Kubota, it doesn't matter 
whether it's Caterpillar, anybody and everybody is staffing their India operations more. And the 
reason they are doing it is the shift out of China to India, right? So I think the large corporations 
are moving in that direction. So before these wheels move, you have to set up the infrastructure 
to move it. I think that is already underway. 
So the second part of your question is very easy for me as to what is happening, right? Let's go 
back. I forgot what the first one was. Can you repeat your first question to me again, please? 
Mohammed Farooq: 
The current demand environment, could you provide an updated outlook for Q4 revenues and 
margins next quarter? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
We already spoke a little bit about it. We said the large construction equipment for next year, 
like I said, it's -- the health of the aftermarket, I think we're outperforming. Otherwise, the OEMs 
are not doing well on this. They are actually going to be flat to negative. And because of that, 
our existing business is just going to grow maybe next year 2% to 3%, but we are driving the 
mid-teens growth there based on new business. 
So the existing demand is still soft. But despite the existing demand being soft, we are going to 
grow. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
And are you going to maintain the margin or there will be a slight increase? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
I believe the margin will improve because as we grow the business, the operating deleverage, 
which was sitting a little bit lower, is going to come back a bit. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
Okay, fine. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Medium-term indication of the 20% plus remains. I think we are getting back to that. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
Okay. That's good. With Uniparts India shares in the past declined like 50% from its high, despite 
the strong growth prospect outlined by the company, do the promoters see there's any 
opportunity to increase the stake? Are there any plans for promoter stake enhancement to 
reinforce confidence among the investors? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
We had considered that, but each time I try to do something, you get stuck way, you can't do this 
or you can't do that, right? So there are so many laws around it. But to give you a sense, I would 
love to buy my own stock at this stage, let's put it that way. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
Yes. When we know that there is a strong growth coming in and we get it at a 50% price now… 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
I know. So I don't like it. I think it hurts people who invested in us and it's fundamentally against 
my ethos to have that happen. So I'm going to be doing everything possible to see how this 
reverses quickly. I couldn't help what the markets did, but I think we're doing strategically what 
the right things for the business are. 
And I do believe as you continue to do this, it's a matter of this coming back. And I think we 
still have the confidence of our customers. The strategy is still strong. So ultimately, all this has 
to -- all the noise has to eliminate at some point. So that's how I see it, Mohammed. I think, I 
don't look at it short-term like that, okay? 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I'm trying to understand, is there any update on the UTV, ATV and some new projects that 
we were hopeful of getting new business from? So any update on that front? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Yes. So on the UTV, ATV, I had said last time that we had done the test pilot over there. It didn't 
take off as well, and we were extending some new marketing program. So we have launched 
over there a complete marketing campaign in the different stores over there. We are also now 
going to be launching our own online retail sales on that as well as tools to take it to the dealer 
distributor market. So there are marketing efforts going on. So it is going to take time. The 
market is there, but it's taking me more time than I originally thought. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, also in recent times, steel prices are at 5 year low and rupee is at all-time low. So are 
we seeing some benefit on the margin front? Or do we have to pass on these benefits to our 
customers? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
So in the main, the exchange rate with all these things used to be passed on. But what we've 
done over the last few years is, we tend to trade our -- the inflation that occurs in India versus 
the exchange rate, we've tended to take that. So what it has done is it's allowed us to compensate 
ourselves for all the inflationary movements that are happening. The fact that the Indian rupee 
is depreciating, I think, obviously, it keeps you competitive. 
But again, when I look at the depreciation of the Indian rupee versus the Chinese yuan, it's about 
the same. So is it relatively changing that? It's not. But overall, is it helping us compared to, let's 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
say, US manufacturing? Yes, India is definitely more competitive now with the US dollar. So 
the foreign exchange shift in general is good because otherwise, for inflation, if you wanted to 
get price increases, that's not a good thing, right? 
So I think just the avoidance of that and still recovering inflation is going to help maintain or 
improve the margin slightly. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, just wanted one clarification. You mentioned earlier that for the fourth quarter, you are 
expecting revenues between the first and the second quarter of this year. Is that correct? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
That is what I said. Because somebody asked me, is it going to be the highest? I said no. But 
because the highest one was the first one, right? So I'm going to be somewhere in between those, 
and then it will come back out of that, all right? 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sure, sir. And sir, lastly, sir, you mentioned about the Mexico, sir, are we only -- are we planning 
to do some manufacturing over there? Or is it just a stocking operation warehousing? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Step one is stocking. And once that is stabilized, Mexico is a new working environment for us. 
So we want to learn about the environment before we make significant bigger investments there. 
But our teams has gathered way more information and what opportunities exist. But a lot of our 
customers, the bigger customers are very excited that we are there, and they are throwing more 
opportunities with us because we've gone there. 
So like, for example, Bobcat, like I'd alluded, they awarded us a $6.5 million business, which is 
going to start in January 2026. So it's not even -- so some of the things that we were doing now, 
what we had done about a year ago, you're seeing the results now coming in for next year where 
I'm telling you new business is going to drive better growth. 
 
Already the seeds for '26 are already being laid now know. So all that is already happening. And 
as we do this in the second phase over there, if it makes sense to produce something in Mexico, 
we will consider it. My model is not going to be a low-cost country. My model is going to be 
best cost country. If I can produce something in the US cheaper than India, that's what I'm going 
to do. If India produces it cheaper than anywhere in the world, that's what we will do. 
If Mexico is a better place for a platform, that's what we will do. I'm not looking at a low-cost 
country solution. I'm only looking at a best cost country solution. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sure, sir. And sir, also, we had entered Korea and Japan. Sir, so any significant revenues 
expected from those new geographies? 
Paramjit Singh Soni: 
Korea, we took a pretty nice award from a major customer there. So Korea -- Korea grows. Japan 
continues -- Japan is seeing a little bit of a slowdown just now, but our new business has come 
from there, but the existing markets are slowing down over there. But Korea, we are seeing some 
significant jumps. All based on new business, all based on new awards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Gurdeep Soni: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone. We continue to focus on our core strengths and build stronger 
business franchise by strategically partnering with our customers in their journey and success. 
Our focus and efforts are aligned towards achieving the targeted growth in coming years. With 
this, I would like to thank all of you for taking out your time for joining this call today. Thank 
you, everyone, and have a great evening and a weekend. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
