 
Praj Industries Limited  
Regd. Office: ‘Praj Tower’, 274 & 275/2, Bhumkar Chowk, Hinjewadi Road, Hinjewadi, Pune 411057. Ph.: +91-20-71802000 / 22941000 
f: +91-20-22941299   e: info@praj.net  w: www.praj.net 
  
                                CIN: L27101PN1985PLC038031 
Date: 5th February, 2025 
Ref.: PIL/ANB/L-137/2024-25 
 
Company Code – PRAJIND 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Security Code No.: 522205 
 
BSE Ltd.  
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 25th Floor,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Analysts’ Call held on 31st January, 2025. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of Analysts’ Call of Praj Industries Ltd. held on       
31st January, 2025 regarding Un-audited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) for third quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024. 
 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.praj.net.  
 
This information is given pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR PRAJ INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
ANANT BAVARE 
COMPANY SECRETARY &  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(M. NO. 21405) 
 
Encl.: as above 
ANANT 
NARAYAN 
BAVARE
Digitally signed by ANANT NARAYAN BAVARE 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, ou=Others, 
postalCode=411046, l=Pune, st=Maharashtra, 
street=PUNE, title=4335, 
2.5.4.20=61c9e87ef0d6d5e80f8dbfabc0229d3ae28
8ced6642b16c064597d35131452d9, 
serialNumber=dc49d94115511b586de51ea82f0ee
a102ad4354fd731e5b716931b63e912c3f1, 
email=anantbavare@praj.net, cn=ANANT 
NARAYAN BAVARE 
Date: 2025.02.05 13:01:02 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
Praj Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
January 31, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Praj Industries Limited Q3 and nine-
months FY25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * , then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nupur Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you. 
Nupur Jainkunia: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Nupur 
Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Praj Industries 
Limited. On behalf of company, I would like to thank you for all participating in the company's 
earnings call for the third quarter and nine months ended on 31st December 2024. 
Before we begin, a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's 
earnings conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements 
are subject to risk and uncertainties which could cause actual results to devolve from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief, as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Now, I would like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings 
call and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Shishir Joshipura, CEO 
and Managing Director; Mr. Sachin Raole, CFO and Director Resources. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Shishir Joshipura to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Good day, everyone. I am very happy to share with you that apart from Sachin, we also have 
on the call our Chairman, Dr. Pramod Chaudhari today on the call. And I welcome you to Praj 
Industries' earning call for the quarter three and the nine months for FY25. 
Trust all of you had the opportunity to go through our results for the quarter-end on December 
31, 2024. 

 
Page 2 of 21 
Let me start with a very exciting news. Indian Chemical Society earlier this month presented 
the Rasayan Udyog Shree Award to Dr. Pramod Chaudhari on the occasion of the Century of 
Chemistry in India. And we are all very proud that he's the recipient of this honor from the 
Indian Chemical Society. 
The dynamics of the business environment is changing at a rapid pace driven from geopolitical 
developments, volatility and uncertainty in the global economy and ability of different 
economies to respond to these changes. Our performance this quarter reflects the resilience 
of our business and strategy. All our strategic initiatives are progressing as per the plan. And it 
is reflected in the growing order book with increased share of international business over the 
last three quarters. This quarter saw share of international order book at 40%. Our order book 
at this quarter also is the highest over the last three quarters. 
On the domestic bioenergy business front, the EBP 20 program is progressing well, and the 
country is expected to achieve 18% blending during ongoing ethanol supply year 2024-25. Praj 
is focused on enhancing value for the customers and as part of this effort, we have enhanced 
our focus on developing core products, which has resulted in development of bio-bitumen, 
distillers corn oil, rice protein etc. as solutions. These co-products will significantly alter the 
financial viability of bioenergy projects. These patented technologies will significantly 
differentiate driving the market and create unique, sustainable competitive advantage. 
Last month, the Honorable Minister of Road Transport and Highway, Shri. Nitin Gadkari 
inaugurated India's first National Highway at the Nagpur-Mansar Bypass Project NH 44. This 
highway was constructed using Praj's technology-based bio-bitumen which has the potential 
to replace fossil-based bitumen while enhancing the financial viability of the bioenergy projects 
from agri-waste, from where agri-waste acts as a source of feedstock production. We are 
witnessing starchy feedstock-based projects dominating the ethanol space. Owing to the 
liquidity challenges and financial closure of these projects is taking longer time leading to 
extension of average execution cycles moving from 12 months to 16 months and beyond. 
In August 24, the government had lifted restrictions on use of cane juice, cane syrup, and b-
heavy molasses for ethanol production. During this quarter, there are two more positive 
developments in form of upward revision in the price of ethanol produced from c-heavy 
molasses and availability of FCI rice at reduced rates. 
On the international bioenergy front, there is strong buildup of inquiry pipeline. Amongst 
important developments, the USA has permitted year-round sale of E15 in 8 midwestern states. 
Brazil has already passed the fuel of the future law, increasing ethanol blending to 30%. 
Argentina and Panama have announced their plans to increase their blending mandate. These 
developments will create capacity in these markets and we are all well positioned to participate 
in these opportunities. 

 
Page 3 of 21 
During this quarter, we won a significant contract from a customer in Tanzania to set up ENA 
plant based on sugary feedstock. SAF eco space is developing rapidly and favorably. We expect 
the ATJ pathway to become preferred long-term solution in major parts of the world. This 
augurs well for driving demand for low-carbon ethanol solutions as well. 
On the CBG front, respective boards of Praj and BPCL have given approval for formation of joint 
venture, which will set up CBG plants across India. The CBG ecosystem is developing positively 
with healthy buildup of inquiries, expected to translate into firm business as we move forward. 
This quarter, we received a very interesting order to set up a CBG plant to be co-located inside 
a Napier Grass field. Our service business is witnessing healthy growth in order book and 
revenue from both domestic as well as international markets. Our order book for nine months 
for FY25 trends 80% higher than entire last year. We are witnessing increasing interest from 
our customers for solutions such as biogenic CO2 capture, fermentation process management, 
and O&M services. 
On the SAF front, the dialogue on accelerating SAF production and deployment is developing 
constructively with all stakeholders. The International Civil Aviation Organization, ICAO, invited 
Praj to contribute as industry expert for the recommendations being drafted to enable a 
positive conclusion for the dialogue. Praj is further participating in the ICAO Symposium in 
Dubai planned next month. 
Moving on to engineering business. The Mangalore facility is now fully ready with a total 
investment of over Rs. 200 crores in CAPEX and almost Rs. 80 crore YTD in form of operating 
expenses. The land acquisition and readiness of the facility was delayed by nearly two quarters, 
which has impacted the plant business activity for the GenX business in the current year. The 
order book for execution from this facility is expected to start building from this quarter while 
the revenues will start flowing in from H2 of FY26. 
Our zero liquid discharge business is also gradually gaining momentum with increasing 
acceptance of our modular solutions. We are working on several innovative technological 
solutions which will help us in offering a completely differentiated solution to customers in 
near future. Brewery business, after a long pause, the segment is showing some early signs of 
returning to capacity creation and we expect the movement to strengthen in the next financial 
year. 
The PHS business, our effort of international expansion as well as expansion of product basket 
is gaining momentum and we believe a healthy order buildup as we move forward is a reality. 
Overall, we see a positive development for all our business lines and we continue to remain 
confident and committed to our long-term goals. I now have the honor and pleasure of inviting 
Dr. Chaudhari to address you. 

 
Page 4 of 21 
Pramod Chaudhari: 
Thank you, Shishir. Very good afternoon everybody. Let me share some of the important 
developments on the leadership transition at Praj. As you all know, we are embarked on an 
ambitious growth program for the next five years where we are aiming to grow the company 
three times in the top line and five times in the bottom line. Shishir has been steering for last 
seven years, and now he's superannuating on 30th June 25. The smooth transition and 
succession planning for key positions for board has in its meeting held yesterday, has approved 
the appointment of Mr. Ashish Gaikwad as Managing Director- Designate for a period of five 
years, with effect from February 03. Ashish has 34 years of professional experience in software 
industry, digitalization and automation and in ETCA space with other global leaders. 
As explained by Shishir, all the field preparations are going on and we are quite confident that 
the aberration of this quarter will be taken over by a normal growth business from the coming 
period. 
Thank you for your patience and God bless you. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Thank you, sir. I now invite my colleague Sachin for his comments on the financial performance. 
Sachin Raole: 
Good day everyone. Let me take you through the financial highlights of the quarter and nine 
months ended 31st December 2024. The consolidated income from operations stood at Rs. 8.53 
billion in Q3 of FY25 as compared to Rs. 8.28 billion of quarter three of last year. PBT stood at 
Rs. 588 million as compared to Rs. 919 million in quarter three of FY24. Similarly, profit after 
tax stood at Rs. 411 million in quarter three of this current year as compared to Rs. 704 million 
in quarter three of last year. 
As Shishir mentioned earlier, the new release of GenX facility has resulted into lower revenue 
for our engineering business in this quarter. The lower margin during the quarter was mainly 
due to the change in the sales mix. The change in the sales mix is on account of lower export 
order execution and some engineering services order, which has resulted into the lower margin 
for the current quarter. If you compare the margin for nine months FY25, it is almost higher by 
500 basis points as compared to nine months of last year. 
Higher finance costs, depreciation, and amortization expenses are on account of the new 
facility at Praj GenX in Mangalore. For nine months, FY25, income from operations was Rs. 23.7 
billion as against Rs. 24.4 billion in nine months of the last year. PBT stood at 2.1 billion as 
against 2.5 billion of the last year's nine months. PAT of Rs. 1.8 billion in nine months of FY25 
as against Rs. 1.9 billion in nine months of the last year. Export revenues accounted for 21% in 
this quarter. And on the total revenue, 73% is from bioenergy, 18% from engineering business, 
and 9% from PHS business. 
The order intake during the quarter was 10.5 billion with 60% from the domestic market. On 
the total order intake, 77% came from bioenergy, 17% from engineering and balance 6% from 

 
Page 5 of 21 
PHS business. The order backlog as of December 24th is at Rs. 43.5 billion comprising of 75% 
of the domestic orders. Cash in hand as on 31st December is Rs. 6.4 billion. 
I now conclude my remarks and I would like to thank you all for joining us on this call. We will 
now be happy to discuss any questions; comments or suggestions you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press * and 1 on their touch-tone telephone. If you wish to withdraw 
yourself from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. We'll take our first question from the line of Mohit Kumar from 
ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, good to see pick up in the order inflow. But my question is, 
it seems like the domestic ordering is still weak as far as bioenergy is concerned. It is 
international order which are driving it. How do you think about the domestic order 
opportunity as we enter Q4 and FY26 given that we are very close to meeting a blending 
mandate of 20%? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Thank you for the question, Mohit. So, we have stated as part of our long-term strategy that 
we would like to move to a mix of 50% from domestic and 50% from international. Now, that 
is the percentage share of the pie. Each pie size is expected to grow. So, we are not saying that 
this international business growth comes at the expense of domestic business volumes. What 
we are saying is that as we grow, we expect the international business to grow at a much faster 
pace compared to where it is today. And therefore, when we reach the 2030 situation timeline, 
we will be in a position to have a 50-50 split between the two. This is done with a lot of thinking. 
We are a globally operating company. As I mentioned in my remarks, there are several 
governments in the international arena which have realized the importance of bioenergy and 
they are enacting laws in their countries, they are creating an ecosystem, they are pushing for 
inclusion of higher share for bioenergy in their overall energy mix. We cannot, having built a 
very, very strong base, as you are probably aware, in over 100 countries, there are 1,000 
installations that Praj has built over the last 40 years. It's quite natural for us to go and leverage 
that opportunity. Apart from that, we have also worked on several dimensions of technology 
development in this particular space, which we can now actually take to the world, because 
the technologies that we have developed are really benchmark technologies in respective 
space. So, given this position, I would say that there is no, we are not looking at shrinking any 
business, we are only growing, but obviously that's growing at different paces, but both the 
business is domestic as well as international. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. My second question is, it has been a while that we have received the CBG 
order. I think we received something last fiscal. In your opinion, do you think the CBG ordering 

 
Page 6 of 21 
will pick up now? And how has been your experience in executing the first set of orders, which 
we won last year? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, you are right that the CBG eco-space is developing at a little differentiated pace and that is 
leading to a situation that we don't have a continuous flow that's the way we saw it on the 
earlier opportunity on the liquid biofuel side. But we are not a gas economy so there are 
elements which lead to the interconnectivity elements, the retailing, the different dimensions 
that come into play that have to happen for the thing to become a very mature ecosystem. I 
think what we have to understand is that this is a developing ecosystem and therefore they are 
likely to be sometime what I would call as not a uniform flow all across that will take some time 
to happen. Having said that, the four projects that you mentioned that we had announced last 
year are under construction now and we expect them to go into commissioning phase towards 
the first quarter of next year. That's the plan as well. So, that's what will happen. The contract 
that I mentioned about this particular quarter is unique because here the feedstock is going, 
the plant is located in the, in the middle of the feedstock. So, the feedstock has no logistics of 
bringing from outside. It will be grown around the plant and then it will be fed. So, it's going to 
be very interesting because it does give a unique opportunity to design the plant differently, 
create a very different kind of footprint on both water and energy, and we are very, very excited 
to work on this opportunity. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is able to answer 
queries from all participants, please restrict your questions to two at a time. You may join back 
the queue for follow up questions. We'll take our next question from the line of Amit Anwani 
from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the GenX facility you highlighted 
the delay. So, just wanted to understand earlier where we were building in revenue 
contribution from H1FY26, what led to the delay? Is it the customers who are delaying giving 
you the orders? And second is what is the quantum of order book we will be building in next 
three months for which the revenue is expected in H2 of next year. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, Amit, what Sachin mentioned, and I also mentioned in my remarks, was the fact that the 
land acquisition and construction of the facility took six months, roughly six months more than 
what we had planned. And that is, and in this business, once the facility is completely ready, 
then the customer teams do a very, very detailed audit of the facility. They give their comments 
and remarks, and there could be a follow-up audit as well in some cases, before they approve 
the facility for utilization as a manufacturing base. And that process of, unless this process is 
gone through, we cannot start producing anything in that facility. So, just for example's sake, 

 
Page 7 of 21 
and I'm just giving this to illustrate the point. So, Praj may receive an order, but unless 
Mangalore is approved facility, we cannot produce it there unless it is approved for that 
particular customer. And then we'll have to produce it at a location where it is already 
approved. So, for example, Kandla in this case. So, that is the process that we are going through 
now. And as we mentioned, and these are large contracts, so they take their decision to get 
this slightly longer. But not only that, they execution slightly is longer. Therefore, we mentioned 
that we expect that in next six months our order book will start to build for that facility, because 
now we have approvals from the customers who we have targeted that they should be able to 
move from there. Yes. And then we will be able to move forward as the order book because 
the pipeline for inquiry already exists. We are already in dialogue with customers that will start 
to move. And the readiness of the facility is not only about leveling the land and building the 
sheds and putting the machine inside. But after we do all of that, we also have to go through a 
series of certifications which are required from international accreditation agencies like the ISO 
certificate, the ASME certifications, the EN certifications, because these are necessary for us to 
start work or even present our case to our customers saying we have this facility which is 
certified so and please allow us to use this. So, that's the stage that we've gone through now 
and now we're very confident that as we move forward we start to see the change there. But 
till that time we actually start to have revenue from there. As Sachin keeps reminding me, there 
is the expense that is required on this facility both in terms of depreciation as well as the team 
that we have built there and all the expenses that get associated with the facility. So, that will 
happen till the time we actually start. So, there is no revenue recognition right now from that 
facility, but as I was mentioning over the last nine months, over Rs. 80 crores is the spend that 
we have on the revenue side for this facility.  
Amit Anwani: 
Sure, sir. But any thought on what could be the revenue contribution in FY26 from here? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
No, it's not proper for me to give you a percentage of revenue because then I'm saying what 
my next year's revenue is then and that's the guideline that we do not provide. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure, sir. And this expense, will this continue or will this further increase? The Rs. 80 crore YTD 
at the run rate of, for example, Rs. 25 crores-Rs. 30 crores for the next 3-4 quarters, will this 
further increase or? 
Sachin Raole: 
Amit, we will definitely be having expenses coming up in the current quarter also. Maybe 
whatever the proportion of expenses are to be incurred for this quarter. Next year, rather 
expenses will grow, of course, but in line with the revenue which is going to flow in also. So, it 
is not that only expenses are going to grow, but we will be seeing revenue also flowing in the 
next year. So, we believe that the flow of these expenses which you have seen in the current 
year will get to a reasonable extent may look down in the next year. 
Amit Anwani: 
My last question on the U.S. now, since the regime changes happened and we were actually 
looking for under inflation reduction and the opportunity for SAF. And also, I believe, I think 

 
Page 8 of 21 
the engineering business to some extent caters to US. So, any change in that pipeline, which 
we were highlighting for SAF in US, and any change in your 5-year vision post-regime change 
in US, because we are largely focusing on increasing the exports drastically and the drastic 
changes have happened in the US with respect to spending and renewables. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, Amit, it's difficult for us to predict the future with respect to the policy dimensions in the 
U.S. government. But what we are, what we believe is there's a very strong focus, as you rightly 
put, on jobs that get created locally in the local economy in the United States. And actually, if 
you go to see when we will build a project for SAF, we will actually be building jobs in the United 
States, because any facility will call for people to be employed and deployed, but not only that, 
even the pickup chains are local, supply chains are local, so that will also create. So, this, from 
whatever we understood so far, and I've been speaking to our prospective customers, they 
have all mentioned to me that they do not expect any difficulty because their projects are 
based on the fact that in the U.S. Midwest, they will be able to provide not only investments, 
they will bring jobs, they will bring push to a local economy. They will provide additional relief 
to the local farming community. So, from all those perspectives, I think they believe that they 
are in a positive territory, even with the regime change that has happened in the United States. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Yes, good afternoon team. Sir, my first question is on the RCM for PLA and bio-bitumen, when 
should we look at ordering opportunity opening up and what would be usually the size of the 
orders which can come up from there? And apart from these, what is the progress on the other 
biochemicals which you were developing in the RCM? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, in the biopolymers and RCM space that we mentioned, we have a progressed dialogue with 
a significant number of customers on what can we do to help them establish a facility for PLA. 
That is a dialogue that is currently underway with many, many number of customers, both in 
India and abroad. So, our demonstration of capability and technology has actually enticed a lot 
of interest from the prospective customer. So, that's a dialogue that is underway right now. 
There is no conclusion as of yet, but this is a new technology for a very new area and therefore 
the gestation periods are longer, because dialogues are obviously longer as well. In terms of 
bio-bitumen, we believe that this demonstration that we have done actually showcases the 
fact that we can create a high-value-added product from a waste stream in a project especially 
the ones where feedstock is a lignin rich agriculture feedstock. We believe that as we move 
forward through the next 12 months, we will be able to see because this is a product that could 
alter the financials of the project very positively. And therefore, we expect that this has already 
created a lot of interest from existing people who are running CBG projects and of course in 
the new projects as well. So, and this also solves one of the key, what I would call as challenge 

 
Page 9 of 21 
areas for these plant operators because this treats the risk very differently and creates... The 
government has already announced, Honorable Minister mentioned support for bio-bitumen 
because we are currently importing 50% of our bitumen. So, from all dimensions, this is 
something that will develop very, very positively. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
And any estimate, even if, say, 20%, 25% of the bitumen requirement moves to bio-bitumen, 
what could be the watering potential over next few years for us? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, slightly early days for us to start pushing these numbers out, because this is an application-
oriented product. So, it's not just that you're just producing this. It has to be also developer’s 
application and we have done that. We have demonstrated the application. We have 
showcased how it can be done. So, probably in three months’ time when we meet again, we'll 
be in a position to answer this question much better to you. Just if I remember my numbers 
correctly, India will need 50% of its bitumen to be imported. Today we do import that. And this 
will become a substitute. This is also not a 100% substitute for bitumen. This is when you make 
the road you need different elements to go in. There are polymers that go to provide a certain 
characteristic and quality to the road. There's a quality of bitumen. There's a grade. There's 
temperature conditions, multiple dimensions. But what's exciting for us is we have a product 
line that can go and meet all of these conditions at differentiated numbers. So, we will be in a 
position to talk about it in more detail three months from now. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure. And any kind of color you can give us on the capital commitment which will go in given 
your tie up with BPCL and IOCL in a JV form? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, Deepesh, we have to still work it out because right now both the boards have given an 
approval for signing the term sheet which will get converted into definitive JV agreement in the 
near future. As we progress on that because we are currently working on how many plants can 
come up under this JV, how many different feedstocks to be considered, so all that working is 
right now going on. Depending on the number of projects which will come under this JV, the 
capital structure for this JV and the capital commitment from both the entities will come into 
the picture. So, it is the first step which has happened for converting the dialogue into a term 
sheet and when we progress to the final signing of the JV agreement, all these elements will 
come through. So, it's just a matter of next 3-4 months as the work is already progressing on 
developing the projects for this JV. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Fair, to understand, whatever the plants will come up there, a major portion of that 
opportunity will flow to Praj? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, this JV has two elements, one naturally for offtake of this gas by BPCL and the technology 
to be provided by Praj. So, yes, otherwise why there should be a JV from Praj side. So, we are 
entering into this JV to offer our technology. 

 
Page 10 of 21 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
And lastly, while I understand you mentioned in the beginning of the call during the quarter, 
there was a mix impact on margin, but fair to understand the margins which you were reporting 
over last four quarters, those kinds of margins which is it works out to roughly 12ish odd 
percentage, that could be a margin we should look forward as and when the mix normalize? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, Deepesh the margin has not dipped because there is an increase in the material cost. So, 
the impact which I could have said that, oh, this impact is going to be forever is not going to be 
there. It's going to be always a game of what kind of a composition of sales is going to be and 
that we are repeatedly saying every quarter that the margin is going to be dependent on what 
component of order we are executing. So, we are not saying that there will be a reversal of 
margin just because this quarter we have seen a dip in the margin. On the year-end basis, on a 
cumulative basis, we definitely believe that our margin will show a positive trend as compared 
to the previous years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Sani Vishe from Axis Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sani Vishe: 
So, I was trying to understand as Chaudhari sir said, this appears to be an aberration of a 
quarter. So, the delays that have happened this quarter, do you expect to push other deliveries 
in the next quarter further? Or down that can we see an incremental delay within the next 
quarter? In other words, can we expect revenue run rate to normalize from Q4 or can we hope 
to have a better than usual quarter next one and then normalized from Q1 FY26 onwards? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, if you look at the reason which we have mentioned for the lower revenue during this 
quarter, we believe that there will be some impact in the next quarter too because we have 
seen delays in the GenX orders coming up by almost two quarters. So, we will see some impact 
naturally happening in the next quarter also. That doesn't mean that other businesses' revenue 
booking is not going to happen. But are we looking at complete reversal? For that we said that 
FY26 is the one where we will see the order booking which is going to get reflected from this 
quarter in this engineering business which will start flowing in in the form of revenue from next 
year then. 
Sani Vishe: 
Okay, understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prateek Poddar from Bandhan AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Yes sir, just two questions. One is on IRA 45Z benefits right with IRA being almost... 
Prateek Poddar: 
Yes, please go ahead. Yes, just on IRA 45Z, the benefits and incentives for ethanol producers, 
do they still stand after the IRS being repealed or how should we think about that and in that 
context, how should we think about the ATJ route and SAF production? 

 
Page 11 of 21 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Yes, so the 45Z provisions, there are two dimensions to it. In fact, I and Sachin were talking 
about it today morning only. One is the tax credits that are available, should they be available 
to ethanol producers, or should they be available to SAF producers? That's the big debate. And 
then after some discussion, it looks like that they are most likely to be available with SAF 
producers. What it fundamentally means is that ethanol meant for SAF production, now in 
what proportion it gets divided between the two between the ethanol producer and the SAF 
producer is a matter of an arrangement between two of them. But the tax credits are likely to 
be available, most likely to be available for SAF production. That's number one. Number two. 
The SAF story is still intact. It's an international agreement that is in force that will come on 1st 
January 27 and will start to play out from there. As I mentioned, we have been, we are also a 
party to dialogue with ICAO. So, we know how these things are shaping up in terms of its 
positive moving forward and development and deployment of a common minimum program 
for the international flight. So, we do see and also the fact that from a US perspective, since 
your question is very specific to US, it creates a very unique opportunity for Midwest and 
United States to actually see growth in farming opportunity as well as in the industrial 
opportunity and create local jobs. So, these three ticks, as far as SAF projects are concerned in 
United States, and therefore it's likely to drive, continue to build positively as we move forward. 
Prateek Poddar: 
The second question was, sir, we have seen an increase in the engineering orders this quarter 
versus last. Given that GenX was delayed by 3-6 months, which you called out, is it fair to 
understand that from here on, the orders will only increase and in the next year, the proportion 
of engineering orders will be higher than what we will exit at in this quarter? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
That's a perfect understanding, Prateek. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Okay. Fantastic. And sir just lastly, you talked about January 01, 2027 being a year for SAF, and 
the story being intact, that would mean that the inquiry pipeline starts building up, right? That's 
a fair understanding? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Yes. So, we don't know the, what is likely to be mandated in different countries, but what is 
definitely mandated is that the international flights will have to do on that path of using SAF. 
What happens to domestic side, each country is providing its own treatment to this in terms of 
what they want to mandate in their respective geographies. So, that's a separate thing, but the 
international flights, definitely yes. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Perfect sir. Thank you so much and best wishes for the future sir. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 21 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, Pramod sir had in the opening 
remarks said that we maintain our guidance of 3x in revenue front. So, it's not just this quarter, 
but we have seen some muted revenue performance for last two years now. So, can you just 
highlight some key milestones or monitorables for us, which we think we need to watch out 
for? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, Shailesh, I think what PMC mentioned was the fact that when we issued the guideline of 
10,000 crores, that is 3x growth in topline and 5x in bottom line by 2030. That is intact and 
that's not changing. We are very confident and committed that that will happen as a company, 
as a team. There is absolutely no reason for us to believe that there is any other story. That's 
number one. Number two, in terms of markers, as I said, one of the key strategic initiatives that 
we undertook for this purpose is to say, how do we grow our export order book? And that, as 
you can see, is already moving in the right direction. So, that's one clear indicator for you 
whether things are happening or not happening. That's number one. I think already somebody 
asked me a question. And I'm talking now not next quarter perspective, but a little longer-term 
perspective in terms of how the SAF opportunity develops for us. And we are very, very 
confident that it will develop very positively as we move forward. And probably if not the next 
year, the year after, we'll definitely see SAF plants coming to life in several parts of the world. 
So, that's the second one. The whole, then we have discussed other things about CBG, bio-
bitumen. I also mentioned the several initiatives that you have taken to actually start 
differentiating us in the domestic ethanol market as well. So, as we start this journey from here 
onwards, I think the two-dimensional change that I see one, very clearly as we mentioned, 
customers will look for enhanced value of their operations, which is where the co-product 
development, the new technological innovation that we are talking about, will all start to come 
in play and will differentiate. And at a global level, as we move forward, I think the carbon 
intensity of ethanol will start to become an important issue. And that will also create a set of 
opportunities for us. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sorry to harp on this, but because we have seen consistent delays in most of the molecules, be 
it SAF, be it CBG. So, that is the reason I was wondering, any near to medium term, I understand 
not one quarter or one six months, but in general, any monitorable key for us to watch out 
because there has been some delay, as you also mentioned in the earlier remarks that CBG has 
not picked up as we were expecting. So, just was wondering on that front? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
I think on SAF we have maintained that 1st January 27 is the first time it kicks in as a regulation 
across the world. And there's no change in that date for SAF mandate to be implemented. In 
terms of CBG, yes, as I mentioned, India is not a gas or was not a gas economy. We were more 
a liquid and solid fuel economy. So, the whole infrastructure development, the rules and 
regulations, the last mile connectivity, a number of issues that have to be taken care of. And I 
think that's being addressed expeditiously by all concerned. But yes, we are not ready. So, they 
have to be built ready. And that takes away some of the time. But I believe that as we go 

 
Page 13 of 21 
through the calendar year, we will start to see a very different kind of interest, positive interest 
develop into CBG space as well. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
That's helpful. Sir, in CBG front, just to dissect it more, what is the current offerings in terms of 
feedstock like pressmud or various other feedstocks which we are offering to clients? And as 
per your understanding, which feedstock would pick up initially and which would be coming in 
later half of the whole CBG 5000 or 2500 plants? If you can throw some light on that. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Okay, so we keep the answer very simple, as of date we are able to handle all feedstocks except 
that we are not offering solutions for MSW. Other than that, if there is a feedstock, we have a 
solution that is agri waste feedstock, industrial, organic waste, chicken, farm waste, whichever 
the waste sources are. So, I will keep the answer simple rather than give you a whole list of all 
the feedstock that we could do, I'm saying the only feedstock we are currently not addressing 
is MSW. That's number one. Number two, you asked about the fact saying how will this whole 
ecosystem develop around feedstocks and which is likely to be the most preferred, from the 
looks of it, as of date. So, initially the pressmud continues to be a feedstock that I think will 
start acquiring prominence as we move forward from the sugar mills perspective as well. That's 
number one. Number two, Napier grass is increasingly becoming a very preferred feedstock. 
And that is where I mentioned that our solution of providing bio-bitumen as a co-product out 
of processing of Napier grass based plants, it is also true that we can do this for other agri-
waste based plants that we come up for CBG. From their waste treatment, we can create the 
bio-bitumen stream. But Napier grass seems to be a preferred choice for many because of its 
own properties that you can get four crops in a year. You don't have to store it for the whole 
year, et cetera, etc. There's some positives in its favor. So, we believe Napier grass will be a 
feedstock of choice. There is rice straw, of course, in the country. We believe that these three 
will become the key feedstocks as we move to press mud, Napier grass and rice straw. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
And our offerings are in the top quarter in terms of yields and other things for the client, right, 
in this? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Yes. Absolutely no question. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Just one last question, one more last question. We had this budget announcement where there 
was some support for CBG plants and some allocation was done. Any update on that or any 
expectations from the budget what we are having? That's all from my side sir. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
No, publicly as I mentioned that the whole ecosystem is not matured because we are not a gas 
economy so that's under development. It moved a lot from where it was say five years ago. So, 
it's moved significantly upwards. It's not like a liquid biofuel ecosystem that is very, very 
mature. So, it has some distance to go. But I can clearly see a lot of test being taken. Plus, this 
new model that I talked to you about, where the plant is located inside the feedstock area in 
the field, that addresses many issues of which the current feed industry is facing and allows a 

 
Page 14 of 21 
lot more flexibility. So, I think that could also become a model of future. We'll have to see how 
that model progresses as you move forward. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay, sir. That's helpful. Thanks a lot and best of luck. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We request participants to kindly restrict to two questions at a time. We'll take our 
next question from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. And I'll move on to my question. The first question that I had 
was more from, on the change at the helm that was happening at this point of time. If Mr. 
Chaudhary could kind of chip in and give us a sense as to what was the thought process or what 
are the parameters being thought through with the new candidate… 
Aditya Mongia: 
So, the question that I had was for Mr. Chaudhari. The question that I had was of course, this 
is an important transition happening at the CEO level. What were the imponderable thought 
through while kind of thinking through the right candidate and how to kind of think through 
incrementally from a strategy perspective? That's the first question that I had. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Aditya, that is a little detail question because it needs us to illustrate some things for you as to 
where the business today is and how we want it to move, what are the likely interventions in 
future. So, if you happen to be in Pune, we will be happy to dialogue with you. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Sure. Understood. The question that I had beyond this was more on the CBG front. As we 
understand right now, it's at a very nascent stage when a lot of equipment are being imported 
today. I wanted to kind of seek your guidance on A, what are the prospects of further cost 
reductions that can happen over here? And B, does it lead to Praj entering into adjacent 
revenue streams such as manufacturing of equipment that today may be imported from 
outside?   
Shishir Joshipura: 
Okay, so, Aditya, just to confirm to you, we don't need to import anything today for CBG. If you 
can import, but you don't have to import if that was your question. So, that's number one. 
Number two, the CBG business is interestingly developing into a very different dimension. So, 
it's no longer a single molecule business. It never was. But you know, we really thought that 
okay, so there's CBG and then there is solid fertilizer that will come and now so that's number 
one and now we as I was mentioning earlier as well, the solid fertilizer comes out of each 
processing of the feedstock, especially the ones that are lignin rich, which is the agri residues, 
napier grass, rice straws, other grasses, other straws, these feedstocks. There, if you create a 
solid fertilizer, and I'm using very ballpark numbers here. The typical operating margin that 
plant will get, plant owner will get on the solid fertilizer, will be of the order Rs. 4 to a kilo of 
production of fertilizer. Against that, if you convert, instead of fertilizer, you convert that to 

 
Page 15 of 21 
bio-bitumen using our process, the margins can multiply five-folds or even more. So, very 
different ecosystem that will emerge where it will become like, and we talked about it in our 
different forums as well saying, the concept is of multi-product, multi-feed and multi-product 
at the other end. So, we manage multiple feeds. We manage multiple products at the end line 
as co-products, as main product line. And the idea is to ensure that every waste stream that 
comes out is valorized. So, that's the second dimension. The third is, as I mentioned, this new 
type of plant where the plant is located. So, normally whatever plants have been built so far, 
they are not in the middle of their own feedstock area. In a sense, the fields are distant, maybe 
20 kilometers, 30 kilometers, whatever the distance is. But now we are talking about plants 
located inside the field. Now that is a very different connotation, because that allows you to 
create a very low water footprint, very high, rich water nutrients going back to the land. So, 
there are many positives around it, which we believe could actually help to further enhance 
the attractiveness of these plants. So, this is the first project that we have just received the 
contract for. Of course it takes 12 months to build one, but that is something which is very, 
very exciting development in this space and we will see how it develops. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Thank you. Just on the response that you have given on CBG, when you think about Praj’s 
capabilities in this domain, and that includes byproducts as well, is going and becoming, let's 
say, an owner of the plant or developer of the plant a better way to monetize those capabilities 
or do you think the same level of monetization can happen even as an EPC player? And your 
sense of how much money then you may be willing to kind of put inside this venture? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, I would just say two things. Obviously, as a technology and equipment supplier, there's a 
margin that we or a fee that we get for giving those services and products to a project 
developer. But the fact that he's putting a project means he further makes money on that. So, 
from that perspective, otherwise there is no project. What's critical to understand is there are 
essentially four elements to this whole thing. One is the feedstock part of feedstock supply 
chain. The second is the plant that converts the feedstock to these products and gas. And the 
third is the off take that is required to and of course fourth is operation of the overall system. 
So, from that perspective, I think each player in the value chain would definitely they add value, 
they will be capturing some part of it for themselves, some they will pass on to their customers 
in the chain. So, yes, if we do become producers as well, then there is an additional play, but 
then there is an additional capex, so there is different dimensions that sort of flow in. And we 
believe that getting this whole ecosystem off its to its potential will require a lot more 
collaborative work between supply chains, between technology providers, operators and the 
gas off takers. There is no one model that fits all. 
Aditya Mongia: 
No, I understand. We will discuss this more later on, but thank you for your response on this 
one. Very useful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from Philip Capital 
India. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 16 of 21 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Good afternoon, sir. Can you update on how is the progress on other 2G projects in India? And 
particularly, we were expecting good traction from Europe and international market, but 
obviously because of geopolitical situation that was deferred. But going ahead, how that 
outlook looks now? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, Vikram, two things I will say. One that we are moving forward positively on commissioning 
of the IOCL project which is important and it's a step-wise process. So, that happening which is 
the good news. We will also see the two other projects in the country go on stream during this 
calendar year. That's another positive development that will happen. We are also beginning to 
receive inquiries from different quarters because what, if you remember earlier, I had 
mentioned about SAF being one of the drivers for a need for a low-carbon ethanol, and 2G 
obviously fits that bill perfectly well. So, we are beginning to see what are called as interests 
emerge on this basis as well. As you rightly said, in the geopolitical situation has actually led to 
some delay or differing of these projects that were earlier on the anvil. But we are in constant 
dialogue with them and I am very hopeful that as we pass through this calendar moving 
towards the later half of this year, we'll start to see a revival in those as well. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
And in terms of bioplastic, we have seen some states are already announcing the policies, but 
a lot was expected from the central government. So, how do you see that space evolving? Will 
it be more on like a state government pushing for the CAPEX or we expect even central 
government can come out with a policy to kick start? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, the way we look at it is that I think it's a very welcome thing that the state governments are 
taking lead in providing the incentives for this very, very important technology for mankind. 
And I think that's very positive development. But globally also there is a requirement to create 
a common understanding of treatment of plastics, what do we want to do, what's our 
degradability, how do we move forward. And there's a lot of very, very constructive dialogue 
that is taking place right now. United Nations is taking lead to create a common standard for 
all countries. There are many dimensions of this plastic thing. It is an essential part of our life. 
It's not going away, but can we make sure that it does not leave a harmful footprint? And that's 
what is driving all these actions. That's where we are today. I think we will see as time 
progresses, very constructive development on these sides, as well as you mentioned. We 
expect national governments across the world to actually start thinking in terms of what they 
want to do for us to address this problem. And in the meanwhile, the state government 
initiatives are obviously very welcome. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Got it. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Shyam Maheshwari from Aditya Birla 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 17 of 21 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions, sir. So, firstly, on the engineering side, 
and I know you alluded to it, but if I look at our inflows, except for the last two quarters as well, 
we were averaging anywhere between 250 crores and 350 crores quarterly inflow. While our 
Kandla facility is still operational, wanted to understand why there has been this sudden dip in 
the inflow side? Is there been some hesitancy from the client side or is it a conscious call from 
our side to probably not book more inflows till the Mangalore facilities operational? So, that's 
my first question, sir. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, Shyam, the way you look at it is like this. So, the nature of the equipment and systems that 
we build at Mangalore are different. They are larger in size, so the project size is larger 
compared to what we have handled so far. That is number one. Number two, Kandla has 
limited capacity. It cannot produce an unlimited amount of equipment. So, it has limited 
capacity. In fact, we have also taken steps to, because the Mangalore project got a little 
delayed, we had to actually move to enhance the Kandla facility, which we did. However, the 
essential is that as Mangalore facility starts to scale up, which it will, as I mentioned earlier and 
Sachin did as well, we will start to see a constructive development on these inquiries. These 
are large size and therefore they take a little longer gestation period. But we also know them 
very much in advance. So, we already know the inquiries, the names of the projects where they 
are required. And the good news, while they got a little delayed, some from our end, some 
from customer’s end, the fact remains that none of them have gone away. All opportunities 
are there and we think that it will definitely move forward. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Interesting sir. When you mention a large size equipment, what would be typical order value 
of, let's say, one such order? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Well, it could vary, but typically this is will be three digit crores.  
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Interesting. And secondly, on the international biofuel business, so we have one projects in 
Brazil, Latin America and now in Tanzania as well. Wanted to understand the scope of our work 
there. So, do we just do the product supply or maybe do we tie up with a local company there 
to construct the plant or do we do the entire construction activity also? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
No, we don't do the construction activity overseas. We do not offer any construction services 
to customers. Each market has a different requirement of how they make the decision. So, for 
example, in India, customers will say, I need this capacity plant, this is my feedstock, this is my 
site, come and tell me what you can do for me and give me an offer. And the discussion 
proceeds. If you go to Brazil, the discussion is very different. They will say, no, I want you to do 
the engineering of the whole project first. So, this is what I want to do. This is my feedstock. 
This is the output I want. Tell me the full engineering of the project. Once the engineering is 
done, we will estimate the project to its full cost, and then we will decide to go forward, not to 
FID step. So, the third market will say, no, I want to go in between. So, there are different 
models that operate in different markets. In India, customers would actually call out for us to 

 
Page 18 of 21 
hold construction responsibility for our scope of work. It's very okay in international market 
not to have construction or offering as a services as offering, so we are good with that and 
we're not offering that as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Manish Goyal from Thinqwise Wealth 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Manish Goyal: 
Thank you and very good afternoon and nice to hear Pramod Chaudhari after a very long time. 
Sir, just two questions. One on the international revenue as we are targeting 50% revenue by 
FY30. So, just like the growth would be probably 8x like the revenue from international was Rs. 
665 crores in FY24 and we are targeting roughly Rs. 5,000 crores by FY30. So, if you can just 
provide perspective as to how the contribution would look like say from GenX products, from 
bioenergy, from CPES, that would be very helpful. And second question just on a better 
understanding on the GenX plant, like you mentioned that in first nine months we have roughly 
incurred expenses of Rs. 80 crores which is booked in the P&L. So, like if the plant was 
commercialized recently, then why is it not capitalized, and it's probably taken and booked in 
the P&L? I understand that the land was probably leased out and it's partly reflected in the 
depreciation. So, if you can clarify on both these aspects? 
Sachin Raole: 
Okay. So, maybe I will take the second question first. Technically the commercial production 
has already commenced in the month of February. Okay. Because the plant and equipment 
were kept ready for. So, it's not that we have not done anything. We have actually 
manufactured one equipment and dispatched in the last year. So, as we know from the 
accounting principles point of view, the moment you start the commercial production, after 
that you cannot capitalize anything. So all the equipment were not technically installed at that 
point of time. But the commercial production had started for one equipment which is 
manufactured there. And that's the reason subsequent expenses are not capitalized. And we 
had to take it through profit and loss account.  
Your first question was related to the growth which you are looking at in the international 
market. Yes, it is going to be 8x. There will be a larger portion of internationalization is 
happening. It is on two accounts. One, the GenX business, which is entirely export-oriented and 
another one is the bio-ethanol business, which we mentioned earlier, that the 
internationalization has started in a big way happening in that business. These two businesses 
are going to contribute in a big way. So, the pie is definitely, as Shishir was mentioning, the 
entire pie is growing for domestic and international, and that's how the composition is going 
to emerge of 50%-50%. We have also mentioned that Praj HiPurity has also started showing its 
international business now. So, these are the components which will contribute by 2030 in the 
overall aim of internationalization. The question of margin is a little tricky for a reason, because 
as Shishir was explaining, the international orders will have all kinds of colors and elements. In 
the sense, it will have the services element, it will have the equipment element, and to some 
extent, it might have the EPC element also. Just to give an answer for how the EPC will come 

 
Page 19 of 21 
into picture, the current Tanzania order, which we are going to execute, we will have some 
kind of a local construction work also to be taken care of. Naturally, we are not going to do it 
on our own. We will be having contractors to do that kind of a job. But in the future, in the 
bioenergy business, if there is an element of construction, then that will also start playing a 
very different, what I can say, flavor on the margin. So, it will be a little too early to tell you that 
what will be the margin in 2030 based on the composition of the business which we are looking 
at which is supposedly to be emerged. We have not talked about the other two businesses 
which are also going to contribute in the international business. One is on the RCM side and 
another one is on the SAF side. So, all these components put together are going to give us a 
topline of Rs. 5,000 crores, but the components of delivery are going to be very, very different 
which will define the margin profile for us. I can only tell you that margin profile is definitely 
going to be better than domestic. That's for sure. 
Manish Goyal: 
Okay, and one more last question I'll squeeze in. On the Inflation Reduction Act, we were 
probably doing some engineering related work as well as a couple of engineering projects. So, 
will it get impacted with probably IRA on back burner or how should we look at it? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, as I mentioned, Manish, Ethanol meant for SAF in United States because the current ethanol 
is at a high carbon intensity, will meet the solution of going to low carbon intensity. That 
remains intact. So, as the SAF project starts to pick up, and I do remember that I had mentioned 
this, that in the US, the way when the IRA was defined and we set three billion gallons of SAF 
required by 2030, the first one billion, one and a half odd billion, is mostly there now in terms 
of capacity creation, will come from a different route, HEFA route and then onwards everything 
will most likely come on an ATJ route which is where we are interested party. And we expect 
and we see that movement, our dialogue with customers are moving very constructively. So, 
those guys who either own their own ethanol plants are now asking us to interact with or speak 
with some of our guys are doing an audit for one of the projects to see how that plant can be 
converted to a low carbon intensity ethanol because there are other issues about carbon 
capture and all that which need to be factored in. So, all SAF-related ethanol projects will need 
low carbon, no question about it, and that is the development that is likely to take place. But 
on the other hand, we also decided that we will not only position it as low carbon solution but 
because we realized that when we do low carbon we are actually reducing the operating cost 
of the plant. So, we would also position these as operating cost reduction and operating margin 
improvement solutions, especially in those cases where it is very clearly usable to our 
customers and then move this forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Prathamesh Sawant from Mirae Asset 
Capital Markets. Please go ahead.  
Prathamesh Sawant: 
Thank you sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just one question from my end. I just wanted 
to understand how much steam is left in the grain based distillery projects in India because 
what we can clearly see from the government's intention is that lately what they have done 

 
Page 20 of 21 
with the FRP of sugar has been increased by 10% but the relative prices of ethanol have just 
increased by a meager 2.5% and that too just for c-heavy. So, I wanted to understand, how 
much because going forward we can only see that grain based driving the momentum in the 
bioenergy business for the domestic markets. So, how much scope is left for the same? 
Pramod Chaudhari: 
Prathamesh, the way to think is like, I give a little elaborated answer, but please stay with me. 
So, the challenge is this, can we create an ecosystem in which the feedstock costs go down 
because they are significant part of the cost of the ultimate molecule? And therefore, a lot of 
work is happening right now on alternative feedstocks. Yes, whether we do this, finding 
different technological solutions for existing feedstocks or create new feedstocks themselves 
and how do we grow them so agriculture side of the solution for that etc. Can we 
simultaneously grow two crops in the same cycle etc., so that's one dimension that's happening 
on the feedstock side and that needs to take care of. As we move forward then I think what is 
critical to establish is the fact that on a given feedstock, how the overall movement will happen 
and what is the prioritization of that feedstock within the overall economy. So, we believe there 
is a lot of push that has come for starch-based feedstock in India. So, maize production, maize 
production going up, plant running on maize, plant running on broken and wasted rice. So, we 
are seeing that progression and I think we did mention and if I didn’t then I can share it now 
that even this quarter that has gone by, all our order booking is for starchy feedstock. There is 
no sugary feedstock in that on the domestic market. So, that's the second, the third play that 
will come. As we move forward, and we were discussing what's there a little long term is that 
SAF needs that definition ultra-low carbon ethanol or low carbon ethanol. And for that to 
happen, then maybe lignocellulosic feedstock will make a comeback. So, on the feedstock side, 
it is, I think, a different priority, the different moment in time that will determine as to which 
feedstock will actually be moving forward. But there is no such thing as only one feedstock will 
move forward. I think it's different levers for different feedstocks. 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
Okay, sir. But in domestic market, I don't believe we'll have that kind of momentum for the 
lignocellulosic benefit because we don't have that kind of a differentiated incentive structure 
in India. And the concerns over the food or fuel debate are much higher in India. So, that's why 
I was thinking how much more steam, but I get your point. And so my second question is with 
respect to the existing bio-plastic opportunities. So, are we waiting for some JV model or 
probably waiting for some post-budget announcement? Any light on that? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
I think what's important as I mentioned earlier in my answer that if somebody said that states 
are doing lot of policies around promoting or supporting the bioplastics and I think that's a 
great step forward. But as the same question was also saying so what's happening at national 
level and I also mentioned at international level. So, I think that the whole regulatory 
framework will have to come into place for this to actually take off from where it is now. A lot 
very constructive and very deep dialogue is already taking place on this across the globe within 
the country as well as within the state. So, I think one is the focus of saying, okay, I facilitate 
you to produce this and I think that's a great step forward. But the second thing is also that the 

 
Page 21 of 21 
market creation has to happen for end product where the national policies are important. And 
then of course the international policies are important to drive across the global mandate. So, 
we'll have to see how each of these three elements for the whole ecosystem to come into 
place. 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Abhijeet Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, in the event of this SAF opportunity in US not paying out as 
anticipated, what is the recourse that we have? Maybe some other market or any other 
product line that can substitute this kind of gap that we have planned any alternative strategy 
in case there is some risk to this SAF opportunity that seems to be huge? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, Abhijeet, there is a slight delay and I would admit to that, that there is a slight delay from 
the initial plan for the SAF producers in the United States, but all of them are going ahead with 
their projects. There's nobody shelving, the opportunity very much exists. And I think the delay 
is behind us now. So, as we go through the next 18 months, you will actually see this coming to 
fruition as concrete projects. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Right, that is my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to management from Praj Industries Limited for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Sandip Bhadkamkar: 
Thank you, everyone for your time today. In case you have any more questions, feel free to 
write us at info@praj.net. Once again, I thank you all for attending call today. And have a good 
day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Praj Industries Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
