 
 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
Synergia IT Park, Plot No. R-270 T.T.C. 
Industrial Estate, Gautam Nagar, Near 
Rabale Police Station, Rabale,Navi 
Mumbai 400701. MH-India.  
Phone 
Fax 
+91 22 4040 7070 
+91 22 4040 7080 
investor@aurionpro.com 
www.aurionpro.com 
CIN: L99999MH1997PLC111637 
 
                           
 
03rd February, 2025 
 
Sub: Transcript of earning call held on January 28, 2025 for the Q3 & 9M FY 25.  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 & 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, enclosed transcript of the earning call held on January 28, 2025 for the Q3 & 9M 
FY 25. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record and confirm compliance. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Aurionpro Solutions Limited  
 
 
 
 
Ninad Kelkar  
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: as above 
BSE Limited 
PJ. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001 
Script Code: 532668 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -400051 
Script Code: AURIONPRO 
Ninad 
Prabhak
ar Kelkar
Digitally signed 
by Ninad 
Prabhakar Kelkar 
Date: 2025.02.03 
16:29:10 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Aurionpro Solutions Limited  
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 28th, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHISH RAI – GROUP CEO & VICE CHAIRMAN 
MR. VIPUL PARMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. NINAD KELKAR – COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:         MS. AASHVI SHAH – ADFACTORS PR – INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
Q3 and 9MFY25 Earnings Conference Call 
January 28, 2025 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Aurionpro Solutions Limited Q3 & 9M 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aashvi Shah from Adfactors PR, Investor Relations. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you, Rituja. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of the company, I would like to welcome 
you all to the Earnings Conference Call for Q3 and 9MFY25. 
Today on this call, we have with us from the Management, Mr. Ashish Rai – Vice Chairman and 
Group CEO; Mr. Vipul Parmar – Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Ninad Kelkar – Company 
Secretary. 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the Management followed by a Q&A 
session.  
Please note that certain statements made during this call may be forward-looking in nature. 
Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause 
the actual results or projections to differ materially from those statements. Aurionpro Solutions 
will not be in any way responsible for any actions taken based on such statements and 
undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements. I would now 
like to hand over the call to Mr. Ashish Rai for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir.  
Ashish Rai:  
Thanks, Aashvi. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to this Earnings Call for Q3 & 9M  
FY25. 
I am sure by now you have all received the Investor Deck, and I hope you had an opportunity 
to review it. I am excited to share with you the results for Q3, which once again demonstrate 
our strong performance and reinforce the success of our chosen strategies, the 
competitiveness of our offerings and the healthy demand environment. What is especially 
encouraging is that our growth is fairly broad-based across segments and the many business 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
units followed by the disciplined execution of our teams and their unwavering focus on 
delivering great outcomes for our clients. 
Let me walk you through a quick snapshot of the Financial highlights for the Quarter and   9-
month period. 
If I recap the performance, revenue for the quarter stood as Rs. 306 Cr, which is the 32% 
increase on year-on-year basis. Profit after tax, stood at Rs. 48 Cr for Q3 and PAT margins for 
the quarter should at 16%. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 21%, which is at the 
midpoint of our guided range of 20% to 22% EBITDA. Our margins have largely stayed within 
the guided range for the last several years, highlighting the strength and stability of our 
business model. This has also allowed us to aggressively step up our R&D investments to tap 
into significant opportunities across all our segments. We continue to witness strong 
momentum across the segments, and the growth numbers clearly reflect this.  
Banking and Fintech segments delivered 41% growth, reaching Rs. 474 Cr, while Technology 
Innovation Group segments grew by 23% to Rs. 372 Cr. During the quarter, we secured several 
significant wins, including deals with 2 leading banks in Saudi Arabia for our flagship transaction 
banking suite. Additionally, we continue to deepen our presence in existing markets, leveraging 
the ongoing wave of transformation and digitization in corporate banking. Looking ahead, we 
continue to focus on expansion into both  US and Europe. We have made significant progress 
on building out the channel and building out the partnerships in the US market over the last 
several quarters, and the next several quarters will be about building out a strong channel into 
UK and continental Europe. Our recent acquisition in Europe positions us very well to cross-sell 
our banking products in the region, further strengthening our footprint 
Our expansion into Europe will be led mainly by banking and transit segments, both of whom 
continue to grow very strongly for us on a global basis. Within the technology innovation group, 
the transit segment continues to gain strong traction with significant wins both in India and 
international Markets. In India, we secured prestigious deals with major metro projects, 
including phases of Delhi Metro and Chennai Metro. These wins not only reinforce our growing 
presence in the Indian market, but also highlight our capability to deliver world class solutions 
that cater to the need of complex urban transit systems. Globally, the transit segment has seen 
strong demand as cities and governments invest in modernizing their transportation 
infrastructure. In addition to the transit segment, we also achieved major milestones in the 
data center space, signing several large deals. These wins underscore the increasing demand 
for robust, scalable data center solutions and our ability to meet the evolving needs of 
enterprises in this critical area. We remain committed to innovation, consistently investing 8% 
or more of our revenues in R&D, a trend that we expect to continue going into the next financial 
year. This sustained focus has enabled us to deliver some noteworthy launches. 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
During the quarter, the most significant being AryaXAI, our ground-breaking explainable AI 
platform, which has a global relevance. Looking ahead, we plan to build on this momentum 
with more innovative solutions in the pipeline, driving value for our clients and staying ahead 
in the market. We have developed robust capabilities to achieve the guided road targets 
through organic means, backed by our business model, backed by consistent execution. 
Additionally, we continue to evaluate strategic acquisitions where they may help us accelerate 
the delivery of our strategic blueprint in chosen areas or augment our delivery capabilities in 
chosen markets. A key development in this area is our expected closure of Fenixys acquisitions 
this quarter. This acquisition will significantly strengthen our presence in the European 
markets, providing us with a strong foothold and delivery capabilities in the region. Our 
financial strength continues to be a cornerstone of our success, and this was further validated 
in the quarter by another enhancement in our credit rating, as you would have seen.  
As we approach the close of FY25, we remain confident in achieving our guided performance 
and continue our long-term focus towards building out industry-leading global products and 
platforms player that delivers significant value for all of our stakeholders. Finally, we extend 
our sincere gratitude to our employees, customers, partners, and shareholders for their 
continued support and contribution to this success. 
With that, I will close, and I look forward to an engaging Q&A. Over to you, Aashvi.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Vimal Jamnadas Gohil from Alchemy 
Capital Management. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
 Thank you so much. Firstly, I just wanted to clarify the acquisitions that we reported this 
quarter will come through in the fourth quarter into our financials. Is my understanding 
correct? 
Ashish Rai:  
Yes, that is correct. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
Okay. Sir, I just wanted to get a sense as to, despite acquisitions, are we keeping our guidance 
for the full year only on organic terms? We have not included this acquisition into our guidance 
as of now, right? 
Ashish Rai:  
Yes, we have not included it, but honestly, we will close it sometime in Q4, and I do not really 
expect that to really move the needle. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
Understood and Ashish, good to see TIG firing this quarter. I just wanted to check on how have 
the incremental cash flows been on this name, this time around. Are we seeing prudent signs 
of improving cash flows from this area, from the incremental deals that we are winning and 
lastly, on the banking side, what is the initial progress that we have seen in the U.S.? Because I 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
do remember last quarter we had commented that the U.S. is expected to do extremely well 
from FY26 onwards. 
Ashish Rai:  
Yes, okay. Thanks for the question. So, look, TIG, and I have sort of stated that in the previous 
Earnings Call, Sanjay Bali and I, we sort of deliberately slowed down the growth in TIG to focus 
on the economics. Our transit segment continued to grow strongly, data center segment 
continued to grow strongly, and we slowed down the smart cities business to recalibrate it for 
better economics. We did that over the, let's say, the first couple of quarters of the year, and 
then we said we signed on a new sort of significant transaction, which was Panvel, which was 
set up in exactly the way that we wanted to take on new deals and I think so far from an overall 
configuration standpoint, economic standpoint, cash flow standpoint, I think we are much-
much better set up, and it is exactly how we want it. So, TIG is, yes, because now all the 
segments of TIG are back to growth, TIG is back into strong growth, and it will accelerate into 
Q4. So, for the full year, TIG would go reasonably strongly. The overall cash flow side, we 
believe we have a handle on.  So we tend to pick up on cash flows and collections as we get 
into the second half of the year. So, I am fairly confident by the time we get to March 31st, I 
think the picture will be reasonably strong, both the growth number as well as the cash flow 
and anything else that we look at.  
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
Yes, banking side, Ashish, I wanted your comments on what is happening in the U.S. We were 
very confident last quarter, any progress that we have made? 
Ashish Rai:  
Yeah. So, look in the U.S., we have actually made significant progress on the banking side. Due 
to the way we really count some of the IP-led revenues where revenue is coming out of, for 
example, Singapore entity, some of the U.S. revenue that has resulted gets counted probably 
in the APAC side, and we will figure out what is the best way to configure it properly. But if you 
look at all the business that is now coming in from the U.S. clients, I think we are into the double 
digits or very close to it as overall share of the pie, right. So, we made strong progress with a 
very large Fintech partner in the U.S. We are doing a lot of work with them. We made strong 
progress on the payment business in the U.S. Our transit business is, again, accelerating in the 
U.S. and America in general. So, I think overall, the share of revenue from U.S. clients is now 
up to double digits. So, I think this year will probably grow between 70% and 80%, I think, from 
that geography. We will work in the next year on what is the best way to give total transparency 
in the business in the U.S. because of the nature of our product business, we typically tend to 
license from where the IP resides, and I need to see that this comes across correctly, but I think 
the business is very strong. The channel is built out in U.S. We are hiring more sales guys, but 
otherwise, the channel is fully built out. The partnerships are built out. This year, the focus will 
be on building out a similar structure and set up in Europe, so that by the time we get to the 
close of FY26, I think we are getting to both Europe and U.S. being north of 10% of the revenue 
share. 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
 Thanks for that. Just one clarification again on TIG. So, as of now, as we speak, the orders in 
the pipeline for smart cities, Panvel is the only one which is pending, right? There are no other 
major smart city projects that are pending, or rather they are going on? 
Ashish Rai:  
In terms of the new large ones that we picked up, we said we will be very careful, and we said 
we will consciously go about building the business. So, that is the only kind of a large 
transformational deal that we picked up. There is obviously a lot of sort of supplemental work 
that goes on the existing project in that business. But among the new deals we picked up this 
year, that is the only one and we will still be very careful and be very, very methodical when it 
comes to selecting new bids if we take more in that segment. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
The commentary is encouraging on the cash flow side. Thank you so much, Ashish, and all the 
very best.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
Firstly, just continuing with Vimal's question earlier, I just wanted to understand that how has 
been our OCF in this particular quarter since our unbilled revenues and receivables were 
relatively higher in H1. So, we have seen some bit of negative cash flow in H1. But how has it 
been like in this quarter? 
Ashish Rai:  
Yeah. So, on the cash flow, Anmol, this quarter was pretty good. So, typically, our business, we 
accelerate into the second half and given the nature of the business, a lot of deliveries get 
closed out as you get into sort of the tail end of Q3 or into Q4. So, I believe we will end up in 
good shape as we finish the year and so far, Q3 has been very promising. 
Anmol Garg: 
Right. Thanks, Ashish and secondly, if you can indicate, is there any target of receivable days 
that we have in our mind going forward in FY26 and FY27 that this is the level that we want to 
maintain at? 
Ashish Rai:  
Yeah. So, Anmol, FY26-27, look, a lot of it depends on the configuration of the business as we 
go in, right? So, I think the way to look at it at the current moment is this. We would roughly 
stay half and half between TIG and Banking as we grow. But from one quarter to the next, we 
may sort of calibrate the growth, put the pedal down on one of the segments and sort of go up 
on the other one. With the current configuration of business, and let's say you were growing 
at 30% into FY26 and FY27, and I am certainly not guiding to it. We will guide a firm guide at 
the end of the financial year. But let's say, hypothetically, if that's what you were doing, I would 
say 100 odd days is where the sort of midpoint of the range lies, depending on project values 
and all. Now, from time to time, it may actually go up to 110, 115, and I think there may be 
times it drops below 100. But I think that is where roughly the midpoint lies based on the 
current configuration of the business. 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Anmol Garg: 
Right. Understood. Just one clarification on an order book, which has been very, very strong in 
this quarter. So, the order book, does it contain any orders from Fenixys or this is all organic in 
the business? 
Ashish Rai:  
No, this is purely organic at the moment. I think you are right. The order book buildup was, 
typically, what happens to us from one quarter to the next is we roughly are at a pace of 
consuming about Rs. 250 Cr to 260 Cr from the order book, and we add, let's say, between Rs. 
250 and 300 Cr. So, the net addition ends up being Rs. 30-40 Cr. This quarter, it was a little bit 
exceptional because of some very strong wins on both sides of the business. I would not say 
that would happen every quarter, but right now, it is fairly strong. 
Anmol Garg: 
And just one more, if I can, particularly on the banking segment. So, if we look at the business  
of AryaXAI, if we remove the two quarters of AryaAI incremental revenues, then the growth 
looks a bit tepid for this quarter on a YoY basis. Just wanted to understand that based on the 
current contracts, what we have, do we see banking growth organically to be faster than TIG 
for next year? 
Ashish Rai:  
Yeah. So, I would contest your tepid, the definition of tepid. I don't think AryaAI is that material 
to the overall banking growth on a standalone basis. Arya has been the cause of acceleration 
to a lot of other banking product business. So, for example, a lot of our, we have become one 
of the most competitive players in the transaction banking space, thanks to being the sort of 
leading product with a very strong AI offering inside the transaction banking stack, right? And 
same story goes on the lending and all. But I would not say on a standalone basis, AryaAI is 
really skewing the growth numbers. I think it is really helping the growth of all the banking 
products as a whole, but still the revenue kind of lies within transaction banking and lending 
and all the subsequent products, right? I think that's how I would read the banking growth. 
Now, going into the subsequent years, I feel right now the demand pipeline that we see on 
transaction banking, the demand pipeline that we see on lending is fairly strong as it is and our 
win rates, at least in the Asian markets, I do not think we have a peer in terms of just the win 
rates that we are clocking at the moment. So, we will continue to deliver strong organic growth 
into the business. There was an additional element to the question. Anmol, can you go again? 
Anmol Garg: 
Yes, sir. I was just asking that with respect to TIG, should we expect banking growth to be faster 
than TIG? 
Ashish Rai:  
Yes. So, I would not know that. Look, I think, like I was saying in response to the previous 
question, the way to look at it is the demand environment remains exceptionally strong as the 
strongest we have seen in a long while for both the segments, right? So, whether it is 
transaction banking, I think there is a lot of deals in the market. Whether it is lending, there is 
a fair amount of deals in the market. The whole AI stack, we are just building out into it. Same 
thing on the TIG side, the demand on the transaction side is exceptional. I think the closed loop, 
open loop transformations across the world will go on for many, many years. Data center 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
demand is very, very high. So, the demand side of the equation is really strongly loaded at the 
moment. So, the growth depends on how much do you want to grow into that demand in terms 
of scaling up your capacity? How much of it can you take on safely while keeping your delivery 
reputation intact, while keeping your cash flows in shape. So, what we will do going into the 
next few years is we will be very, very careful in how much we grow, and we grow in a way that 
we can keep a stellar reputation for delivery, which is what makes Aurionpro different from 
anyone else we compete with. We keep the economics intact. We keep the cash flows in shape. 
Of course, at a 35-40% growth, they will keep skewing from time to time, but we will keep all 
those in growth, and then we will calibrate how much we want to grow in each segment, right? 
So, I think it is very hard to comment on how much it will be. I think what we would say is on 
an average, we will grow very strongly, and both the segments will contribute to that growth 
fairly strongly, but from one quarter to the next, you will see, like, for example, TIG was growing 
very, very strongly 4 quarters back, 5 quarters back. We slowed it down deliberately. Banking 
was growing very slowly 4-5 quarters back because we were building the products out. Then 
we accelerated that this year. We slowed TIG down. Now TIG is accelerating. We may slow 
down something else, right? So, I think we will keep – the key equation here is not the demand. 
It is our judgment on how much we can grow safely, and second, our ability to capacitive 
against the demand, which takes time for you to ramp up capacity and all. So, I think that's the 
way I would look at it. I would say on the net, both segments will continue to deliver fairly 
strong growth going into the next few years. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshini from SI Investments. Please go ahead. 
Darshini: 
I have two questions. My first question is, do you see any effect of DeepSeek AI on our 
business? 
Ashish Rai:  
Look, the entire world is processing what comes out of the DeepSeek, right? And we probably 
run the most advanced AI explainability lab in the country, in Asia probably, maybe one of the 
most advanced ones across the world. We have been looking very closely at DeepSeek since 
B3 came out 3-4 weeks back. We obviously look very closely at R1. It is – I think it is a bit of a –
it sort of turns the whole scaling hypothesis on its head and I know the entire world is sort of 
thinking through the implications of that. What it means on the net probably is that the frontier 
models are closer than you think they are. The bar is probably lower than what everyone had, 
you believe, for some time, right, which does open up the possibility of smaller labs like us 
coming up with a much more sort of advanced offerings. We are probably one of the strongest 
research teams when it comes to AI explainability at the moment. We are making a lot of 
investments around making our applications stack AI native. We are going to really accelerate 
investments into specialized language models that tackle the specific domains that we are in. 
We are still convinced that the value capture is going to happen on the specialized models and 
it's a lot easier for you to get to frontier model capability on the specialized domains. So, I think 
that is where we are going at the moment. Obviously, there is a lot of impact to where smaller 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
specialized labs like us can invest and will continue to do that. I think it does not change the 
original value capture formula that we had, which is, one, make our application stack AI native 
and lead the world in terms of AI enabling the enterprise application stack. I am convinced 
there is a lot of value capture that will happen there. Second, productize the sort of AI stack 
that we go into making our applications and work with other Fintech vendors on the 
productized stack. Third, invest on enterprise AI. So, those levers remain, and then we process 
where we can get to around the specialized language models, and we started looking at that, 
right. So, that's one side of the impact. The second side of the impact that much talked about 
is the data center space. I honestly don't think that's a material impact for us because, one, for 
us, most of the design and build happens in India. I don't think a lot of Indian data center space 
requirement was coming out of AI compute. You, of course, hear of a few GPU as a service 
models and all that stuff, but even they were not fully servicing Indian demand. So, a lot of the 
data center demand is coming out of the latent demand for compute and latent demand for 
storage that exists in India as a nation. So, I don't think that goes away. I don't think investment 
there will slow down, and we are a fairly small player. I think we will continue to grow on that 
side of the business. So, that is basically where I am in terms of assessment of impact on both 
sides of the business. Unless you meant something else, I think that is the way we are thinking 
about it. 
Darshini: 
No, this is what my question was. Thank you for the response. My second question is regarding 
the banking business. In one of the previous calls, you mentioned that the banking business is 
expected to grow by around 50% this year, and this quarter the growth is 41%. Will we be able 
to catch up in the next quarter so that we end the year with 50% growth? 
Ashish Rai:  
I think we will probably go a little bit more. But honestly, I think we grew from one quarter to 
the next. We may get to 50%, but I think what I was saying is we will land up something between 
40% and 50%. I think that's where we will land up. The challenge on the banking side that we 
are facing right now is essentially being able to deliver the project fast enough, and there is a 
ramp up of capacity that has happened. But it is a lot more complex in the product business to 
ramp up capacity to deliver than if you were a pure play services business. So, I think the 
challenge is delivering capacity to some extent and the reason we made, for example, an 
acquisition like Fenixys is also to help us ramp up the delivery capacity in Europe because from 
a product standpoint, from an IT standpoint, we are there, but we said, how do we really build 
out capacity in Europe? How do we build out capacity in the U.S.? So, we are working very hard 
at that. I think we have got a very, very strong model to build that capacity, but still the 
constraint remains how fast can you get the project delivered. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shikhar Mundra from Vivog Commercial 
Limited. Please go ahead. 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Shikhar Mundra:  
So, just wanted to understand our plans for Europe. For the next couple of years, where do we 
see, I mean, do we see our revenues from Europe and how big can we scale this acquisition of 
Fenixys? 
Ashish Rai:  
So, Europe, the plan is the following. The 2 segments which will expand into Europe initially are 
banking and transit. Transit, we are increasingly competing on deals in Europe. We expect to 
be able to break in to a few markets that way. We are pursuing the partnership strategy that 
we have, and then we already started doing some work in the U.K. that way, and we hope that 
to expand. So, that is the transit strategy, build out the channel to compete on deals in Europe 
as well as build out on the partnerships and expand, and we have already started expanding 
that in a small way this year. That will only grow. The second part of the equation is banking. 
For banking, the initial target is – so banking is the following. One is transaction banking. We 
want to start selectively competing in our deals in Europe. We are already making some 
progress. We have built out a sales team there, and we have started looking at the initial deal. 
The second is to go in partnership with a large Fintech vendor on the lending side where we 
are integrating our front-end with their back-end, and we will go and sort of do a joint front-
to-back play on the lending side, especially for the large banks in Europe. The third lever is 
Fenixys, which Fenixys is a very strong player in the capital market side. They have relationship 
with a number of large banks and a very, very high quality team with presence across France, 
across Nordics, across UK and we leveraging that team to start sort of expanding and seeing 
how one we can increase on the capital market side with a large global capability that we have 
offshore as well as expand those relationships on the banking side. The fourth lever, although 
very, very nascent that we are pursuing is how do we collaborate with some of the European 
governments and government agencies on the AI side. So, we have been sort of talking to a 
few regulators. We have a first rate offering on AI explainability. Europe has a very strong 
regulatory framework around the AI which is very different from let's say a place like US or 
India and that really sets the market up very nicely for us because we really have the framework 
in place to see that the models that you build up are fully explainable to make sure there is a 
compliance to regulations. So, a regime where there is a strong AI regulation works favorably 
for us, and we are sort of exploring that with a couple of governments and regulators in that 
part as to how we can enable that. So, those are the levers for us to expand banking and transit. 
We feel very good about both of them expanding into Europe going into next year. 
Shikhar Mundra:  
Thank you that was very helpful and so are you in a position to give a guidance for next year.  
Ashish Rai:  
For all the business, for Europe, for what? 
Shikhar Mundra:  
For the complete business. 
Ashish Rai:  
For the complete business, I will come back to you in May when we report the full year results 
and then we will guide. 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much sir. Just wanted to understand this year what sort of outlook we have for 
FY25 in terms of growth and margins. 
Ashish Rai:  
So, we have guided to a growth higher than 30% and EBITDA between 20 -22% and PAT 
between 15 - 16%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, fair enough. And in terms of, I mean how much percentage of business currently is 
coming from exports market? 
Ashish Rai:  
So, the split roughly for US is 60% India, 30% Asia Ex-India and 10% America roughly.  
Deepak Poddar: 
And 10% is USA? 
Ashish Rai:  
Yeah, I mean slightly less than 10%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, so you see any risk in this international pie? I mean the USA pie or Asia Ex- India pie. 
Ashish Rai:  
I mean we only see opportunities. Honestly, it is too small to really worry about the risk. I think 
Asia, the demand environment is very strong. So, 90% of our business is Asia or India. I really 
don't see any red flags anywhere. U.S., I hear about the red flags as much as you or anyone else 
hears about the red flags. But for us honestly I think the risk is fairly low because one, we are 
small. Second, we have got large opportunities in front of us. Third, we are not that resource 
incentive like the IT services firms who need a lot of visas and stuff like that. We are a very 
product oriented, IP oriented business. So, we don't really think there is a lot of impact. I mean 
to the extent that there is an impact, we will navigate around it. But right now we see a 
significant opportunity for our transit payment stack in the US market. We of course, we have 
rolled out to many cities in California. There are other US cities, other US States rather which 
are thinking about frameworks to move closed loop to open loop. So, we are very excited about 
the possibility there and on the banking side we again we work in the payment space, we work 
in the lending space. It is largely product work where I really don't see why there should be a 
risk there. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay and you mentioned that there can be some kind of impact in U.S., Right? So, what sort of 
impact we see? I mean, what can be the potential impact? I mean if at all that can come. 
Ashish Rai:  
No, so I did not say that I think there will be an impact. What I am saying is if there is one, we 
will easily navigate around it. But I don't really see what that impact could be. If I was to predict 
how U.S. will behave for us in the next year, I would say we will grow at a reasonably strong 
rate next year in the U.S. Okay, fair enough. Okay, that's very clear. But I don't know what, I 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
don't know. So, yeah, so if something comes in, we, I think we are, the business is wide enough 
to be able to navigate it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Mohan, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Raj Mohan: 
 We have talked about being in the top 3 in the products we cater to by 2030 for which as you 
have indicated, there has to be an inflection in the medium term, do you think as you look into 
the developments within each of the areas there is an outside chance that we hit our first 
inflection in the next 3 years like opportunities in the closed loop to open loop transition where 
we are making some serious inroads in the most developed zones, data centers then this huge 
AI opportunity which stands better attainable with AryaAI. 
Ashish Rai:  
So, first if we just keep growing at 30 odd percent for the next 5-6 years, we grow up 4 or 5 
times. So, I think that itself it would not be a growth that you will be, let's say disappointed by. 
On the ability to get to the top 3 in each of the players, each of the segments we are in. I think 
that's the core of Aurionpro’s DNA. We come into work every day because the desire is to build 
out a product that's superior to everything else in the market. Right. It doesn't matter which 
segment of Aurionpro we are talking about. When we go and build something we want to build 
the most superior offering in the market and we will be completely uncompromising, we will 
be totally relentless about it. Right. So, if we don't get there today, we will get there tomorrow. 
If we do not got there tomorrow, we will get there the day after. We will not stop. So, I think 
that is the sort of core ethos of how we operate. I would be very surprised if we did not that 
hit that inflection point on some of our segments in the next 3 years. I think just to use it in the 
timeframes that you gave it. On the transaction banking stack we are increasingly optimistic. 
We probably have the most modern stack in the market. We are competing very, very well. I 
don't think there is another player in the market with the windows that we have. On the 
commercial lending stack, I believe we have the deepest stack in the market. And it's not just 
me, I mean these are charters, risk tech leaders, quadrant products, you know, whether it's 
corporate loan origination, whether it's collateral manager in the banking group, whether it's 
limit manager in the banking book now LMS, right. So, when we build we are building with the, 
with the intent, with the ambition of building out the top products in the world. Of course you 
never know when you get to the top 3. But as far as building the product is concerned, we are 
very confident we are building out really competitive products. I would be very surprised if for 
some of the products we really did not get to the top I think the core R&D ethos that we have, 
if you look at it, that is not easy to find in this part of the world. On the transit side, if you look 
at it, we are the only firm in India to design, build our own EMV certified card readers, right? I 
mean it is hard R&D, it takes a few years to do it, no one else does it. Why do we go and do it? 
On AI explainability, we are the only firm in India to publish research papers, build out an 
explanatory stack. I do not think anyone even is doing anything close to that level of deep R&D 
to build out an inference level stack that we built out. This is not easy to do, it is not cheap to 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
do. We sacrifice a lot of hours, we sacrifice a lot of dollars to go and build these products out. 
We feel confident if we carry on how we carrying on with the same determination, with the 
same effort, with the same common sense economics, we will get to where we plan to get to. 
I have no doubt about it. 
Raj Mohan: 
That's a superb answer as usual, Ashish. Second on AryaAI you had indicated to a couple of 
quarters of integration and then being in a better position to assess potential for such 
integrated product solutions offerings. You have indicated to explainable AI in high stakes 
industries. How have the customer dispositions changed on your integrated offerings in the 
enterprise AI space through probably the lens of stuff like explainable AI, would like some color 
in terms of new client wins or quicker expansion of product rollouts in existing clients. Are we 
able to be at the forefront of such a dynamic and frenetically paced industry? 
Ashish Rai:  
Yeah, good question. So, look, I would sort of split it into two different parts. I will segregate 
the enterprise AI or other AI enablement of the application from the explainable AI offering. 
On the AI enablement of the stack, I think we have made tremendous progress over the next 
couple of quarters and I think the best example of that is the transaction banking stack. We 
probably have won in the last 4-5 quarters, I would say 60% +of the deals we competed in and 
I think or 60% of deals that we competed in that got decided over the last 5 quarters. I think 
our win rates are exceptional. I think the two wins that I talked about in Saudi Arabia, the win 
in South Asia, the two large public sector banks in India, including State bank of India that you 
talked about and a lot of these wins are powered by the AI stack that we have integrated in 
with the enterprise offering and that is the reason why it is so high. So, I think that is already 
beginning to show significant impact. We will actually have a very large bank in India go live 
with it over the next couple of months with one of these sort of AI powered offerings, and I 
think that should give it a further fillip. So, I think, that those things are going very, very well. 
On the explainable AI side I think it is still a fairly less mature field. I think there is a lot more 
sort of let's say maturity regulatory push that needs to come in the space. We have plans 
around how we plan to expand in that space. We have plans around how we plan to bring that 
into our own enterprise AI stack as well as focus it on regulated industries where it makes 
sense. But I think the space, I would say it is still watch this space and see how that evolves 
over the next couple of quarters. I feel good about our chances, but time will tell. Overall, how 
do we feel about competing in a space that is changing so radically? I think all of us saw what 
a small lab in China achieved. I think the goalposts in space have changed. I think there is a lot 
more. The frontier is a lot closer than people said it is. Our capabilities are a lot deeper than 
people think it is. I think we will achieve very, very strong results in the space. We still believe 
when it comes to reasoning, especially going down domain specific, highly focused reasoning 
models is probably the faster way to reach the frontier than trying to go Deepseek style 
generalized reasoning models. But I reserve the right to change my opinion on that in the next 
3 months. But you know, I think that is where we are going. I think we feel good about where 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
we are and I think we have got one of the most advanced AI labs at least in this part of the 
world and I feel good about our chances. 
Raj Mohan: 
Great. One final question. Deals where you sort of tie up with majors like Finastra, FIS as joint 
propositions. Do you see these products could over time be increasingly in proportion done by 
Aurionpro and be candidates for huge growth as to trigger that inflection in transaction banking 
or corporate lending or would the biggies continue to maintain their share of the contract and 
you could use these references for other contracts wherein you do the whole contract or a 
large part of the contract yourself. 
Ashish Rai:  
We are strong believers in the kind of open eco-source system approach to how solutions get 
delivered to the clients and the sum of the parts to the client is a lot bigger than individual 
components, whether it is coming from us, from our partners. We are very close to most of the 
top Fintech players in the industry today. Whether that's Finastra, Murex or there is someone 
else. We are increasingly finding more and more win-win propositions with each of these 
partners. I think these relationships will only get people. It is not a zero sum game. It is not that 
we win, they lose; they win, we lose. I think collectively we just deliver a lot more value. As we 
do it of course these are large organizations and we do start doing a lot more around their 
products as well especially in terms of filling up gaps and all that we have done with multiple 
of those part. So, I think it is generally a growing pie. We are a fairly small player in a giant 
industry so the headroom for growth for us is enormous. As long as we stay focused on finding 
these joint win-win propositions and deliver our end of the bargain, I think we will keep growing 
these on, I mean how much and what it is. I do not think this is the time to sort of worry about 
it. 
 Raj Mohan: 
Thank you very much. You seem to have set a unique standard to catapult the company post 
pivoting Ashish. My best wishes for you to achieve your unique objectives which will make India 
proud. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
So, if you can just highlight what have been the changes you have been able to bring about in 
the last 2-3 years. You have joined the company from abroad and how has been able to attract 
the talent especially from the international level and international organizations like Finastra 
and so what is the future looking like? Second question was about the receivable concerns 
because our business with government is also increasing. Thank you. 
Ashish Rai:  
I mean the first question is really broad, right. So, we might as well end the call on this if I get 
into details on this. But I think what I would say is since we pivoted the firm 4 years back and 
there is a lot of commentary that I have given including Investor Day Deck and all that stuff that 
are out on YouTube and everywhere else one could run through it. The goal is to build out a 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
global product, global platforms, players centered around building new IT, centered around 
being products that can compete across the globe. We believe that, the time to sort of, also 
the maturity curve of Indian IT, I think the time to sort of go towards product had come, the 
margins of services are shrinking. So, we went down and selected a few select segments and 
we said, okay, these segments we see demand runways which are long out. We will invest, we 
will build out IP and that is what we have been at. I think the journey for us has been a bit 
unique in how we approached it. It has encouraged, it has attracted a lot of talent from top 
global firms to come and join us and I think that way we have been a bit lucky that we were a 
bit unique in terms of our models and we were a bit lucky that we were more ambitious than 
probably some of the others and that helped us to draw in talent from global fintech firms, 
from the Finastra, from Murex. Some of it is also because we were very deliberate in the talent 
that we wanted to hire. I think we will continue to just pursue, do more of what we plan to do. 
Our Vision 2030 is fairly clear, it is fairly detailed. Externally, it is a set of qualitative objectives 
that we published. Internally, it is a set of hardcore quantitative objectives that we are chasing. 
So, far we are actually delivering ahead of those objectives and the entire management team 
in Aurionpro, a lot of senior leaders in Aurionpro are tied to the Vision 2030 objective and fully 
committed to it and every day we continue to attract more and more very, very talented people 
from the industry to come and join us in our mission. I think the time for the Indian industry to 
pivot from services away into products has come and to the extent that Aurionpro can help 
catalyze that change, we are delighted to be able to do that and we will continue to sort of 
single mindedly pursue the objectives that we set for us and I think that is the right outcome 
for Aurionpro, for all the staff of Aurionpro and for the shareholders overall in terms of the 
return on capital, etc. that we can drive over the period. So, I think the price, the size of the 
price is enormous. So, that, is what it is. In terms of what we are trying to do, coming to the 
more mundane topics of receivables. Look, I don't think it is, I know it sort of comes up every, 
every year. We always have a first half of the year where we will get a little bit negative cash. 
We will always have a second half of the year, we will set up collections and it will end up in 
the 100 odd range. I do not think we will be as efficient as let us say a pure IT services player 
who was placing man hours in terms of how efficiently you can collect. So, our DSOs will always 
be a little bit higher just to the sheer nature of product deliveries. But that also allows our 
margins to be higher than average services vendors. That also allows our sort of growth rates 
to be higher. So, I think the way I would position it is it is very hard to drive a mature company 
economic with a 35-40% growth rate. Because when you are actually building out product 
setup at a furious pace, when you are starting so many new projects, when you are really 
expanding, sending so many bills out, you will always have a very large receivable. I mean you 
are growing 35% and Q4 is the largest quarter. I mean it would be big, but on the net our model 
is so enormously profitable and we are capturing such a large value and bulk of the value that 
Aurionpro creates actually does not show up on any P&L statement. The value of Aurionpro is 
not in the P&L that you see last year. The value of Aurionpro is the absolute cutting edge IP 
that will pay us for the next 10 years. Whether it's the absolute cutting edge open loop stack 
where we have the most integrated end to end offering in the transit payment space, whether 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
it is transaction banking stack where we've got the most modern transaction banking software 
in the world today, whether it is the corporate loan origination software which is the number 
one payer player in Asia, the value is not in the past P&L, the value is in the future. And we will 
continue to build these products. We expense every single cent of our R&D which is probably 
at Rs. 110-115 Cr right now. That is a huge amount of investment in the future. So, I would say 
we will even today with the current P&L, we are probably in the top 5% of the industry in terms 
of growth. Actually I don't know any other tech player who has grown 30% last 4 years in a row. 
I think we are top 5% industry on margins. I don't know many players who do north of 20% 
EBITDA and despite that, the value is actually not in those numbers. The value is in the future. 
The value of the IP that we are building out is the terminal value of the IP that we are building 
out. So, I think that is the way I would look at it. Within that I would say receivables and all will 
go up and down. But that is for us to manage roughly by and large we will keep the DSOs at 
about 100 odd days, give or take 10%. And I think that is the way to look at it. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Sir, a few words about the impact of this Chinese Deepseek on our sector and AI and on us in 
India and our data center capabilities. What could be the positive, negative impact of this new 
developments? All around the world the concern is that chip companies are falling around the 
world due to this new Chinese startup development of the new chips. 
Ashish Rai:  
The way I would look at it is this, I would say the impact of what Deepseek means in terms of a 
less resource intensive AI build out going out into the future at a global level. If that is true, 
that is probably a significant impact when it comes to data center capacity. But I would say the 
jury is out on that one and you have not completely debunked what you call the scaling 
hypothesis. What you sort of proven is you can get very close to a frontier model using 
algorithmic techniques instead of blind scaling. It doesn't mean the scaling up stops. What does 
it mean for us? I think it is a completely different reality. So, for us the data center. So, that 
comment was on the global level. For us the data center business is very India centric. India 
demand in the data center space I don't believe is largely driven by AI compute at the moment. 
I think it's driven by the general demand for compute, the general demand for storage. There 
is a slight AI element to it but I don't think it really materially changes the reality of the data 
center space and we don't really build data, we don't really own our own data centers. We are 
a design and build player. We see enough demand in the pipeline right now to keep on going 
into that space. I would not believe there is a huge impact when it comes to the Indian demand 
when it comes to data centers. There would be an impact on totally the GPU as a service players 
and all that stuff. But that again like I said, wait a couple of quarters to see the real impact. 
Overall, I mean that is what I see it. I think this is a space where new facts will emerge every 
few months and you have to maneuver it. But India growth in data center capacity I believe is 
a long secular story. I don't think that really gets impacted much by AI compute. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lakshya Agarwal from Growth Sphere Ventures 
LLP. Please go ahead. 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Lakshya Agarwal:  
So, I have a broad question that in our TIG segment we have the data center build service. So, 
I want to understand that how much of a percentage of revenue it is as of now understanding 
that it would be a small share, but still and what exactly are we providing here? Is it the design 
service or also we pick up the build contract, the EPC contract and secondly, how does the 
margin profile look for these different segments? 
Ashish Rai:  
Okay, so look, data center is roughly a third of TIG. TIG is roughly 45% of the overall enterprise. 
So, I think that is, that is a rough number. What do we do in the data center space? We are 
largely design and build. When it comes to design, we have got one of the most capable data 
center design teams in the country. We work on some very complex projects with a large 
number of players and on the build, design and build side we work with a couple of prominent 
strategic partners, Webworks, Iron Mountain being the main one, very closely in terms of not 
only designing the data centers but also program managing the build of those data centers. So, 
I think that is what we do from the economic standpoint. The business operates at 5 or 6 points 
below the enterprise margin at the moment and it is growing roughly between 30 and 40% 
overall. So, those are the sort of rough numbers. 
Lakshya Agarwal:  
Okay, thank you sir. So, a follow up question on this. So, majorly we focus only on Indian clients 
or also we look into abroad clients and secondly in terms of the design service which we 
provide. So, if there is a contract for a 1 megawatt data center build, so how much of a 
percentage would it constitute for the design and consultancy part, which is our share. 
Ashish Rai:  
Yeah. So, look, we have slowly started expanding globally into a few markets, mostly emerging 
markets and I think that is still a very, very small, it is a non-material slice of the revenue at the 
moment. But we started slowly expanding into it. So, as we go to the next year, you may see 
some more announcements in that space. The way the pie develops it. So, we obviously don't 
do any work on the EPC side and all that stuff. So, we design is sort of roughly single digits when 
it of the overall pie and when we do a design and build then you are probably capturing close 
to 40 to 50% of the pie. So, it depends on the scale of the project. Design by itself is extremely 
high margin work, but it tends to be a very small share of the pie. 
Lakshya Agarwal:  
Okay, thank you sir, that was helpful and a last question that currently the DC capacity which 
we have right now in India is approximately 1.2 gigawatts and in the next 2-3 years we are 
planning to scale it up to 3 to 4 gigawatts. But with the recent development of Reliance 
mentioning that it would be entering, it would be making its own 3 gigawatt setup. So, are we 
seeing any services which we would be able to provide over here and could benefit out of it or 
how are we focusing ourselves over here?  
Ashish Rai:  
Look, I think the way we look at D.C. side is it's not really a demand issue for us, it is more a 
about how much we want to do and what capacity we have. So, I would say there is a lot of 
action in the DC space. There is a lot of investment proposals from small business groups, large 
business groups, players as well. There is a lot of business plans in place. We really cannot go 

               
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       January 28th, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
for every one of them or most of them. So, we sort of work with a couple of strategic partners 
where we work very closely with them right from inception and do the whole chain of work 
and we tend to focus on very selective, very complex projects which are high margin, where 
we can add a lot of value. Beyond that, obviously there is a lot more happening in the space. 
But do I really want a finger in every pie, probably not. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Ashish Rai for closing comments. 
Ashish Rai:  
Thanks Aashvi. Thank you everyone for joining the call. Hopefully this has given you some flavor 
of how the Quarter has panned out and our plans for the future. Overall, we continue to focus 
single mindedly on our ambition of building out the global enterprise tech player, the global 
products and platform player that we set out to build out. The demand environment remains 
very good. We are scaling up delivery capacity to build into the demand. The order book is in a 
very, very strong position. So, I feel very good about how we will finish this year and how we 
will go on and grow into the subsequent years. I will come back to you next quarter with more 
on this. Till then, thank you for joining the call. Thanks and I will see you again. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Aurionpro Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain transcription 
errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy 
 
