HTZcT $o)cngifcicrci
BHARAT ELECTRONICS
TTRcf ^
elc^
iPicK-l tele's
(*TRcT *
TFPR tPT
7STT F^
TeRj)
Huflyd cprotcTO :
3TT3U? Phi Ttsf, -ii'mm, shiej^
- 560 045, 'HKd
Bharat Electronics Limited
(Govt, of India Enterprise, Ministry of Defence)
Registered Office : Outer Ring Road,
Nagavara, Bangalore - 560 045, INDIA.
CIN : L32309KA1954GOI000787
^
ft^
FH/Telefax : +91 (80) 25039266
t-WE-mail
fo/Web
WP*
? The Manager
PifS^l f^
RTT Listing Department
W.'f'ti
Sfjftp
f^
T.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
FTTW,tft-1, ®?fNT
Exchange Plaza, C-l, Block G,
^tsT-^
rf
5rirr^
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra, East,
g«rt, H^
Klg - 400051
Mumbai, Maharashtra- 400051
SRfhr / Symbol: BEL
secretary@bel.co.in
www.bel-india.in
*
T.No. 17565/6/SE/NSEC/SEC
fem/ Date: 03.02.2025
Dear Sir/Madam,
—Rdi°t> 30.01.2025
/PjsH ^ET % FFT^
xr ddPlh4
viPiPlPll
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call with Investors / Analysts held on
30.01.2025.
(x^
rat^tsiR) PiPi-4+1, 2015 % PiPl-q+i 30 sftr 46 % spjFTT,^
4TT, 30 5pr^ft, 2025
SITT 04:00
itercf sTTfsufTT^FiTT^r %Pter
2024
^t viPiPiPi 31R+i«K,
3u4iPid ^
++l <dd
FFTH Pi -H14) 3^r
Trfhfr
TfH^
r?r f^xfPr HRUII +TI TT
% 1%xr dViy
TTTI
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find
enclosed herewith the transcript of the conference call hosted by M/s IIFL Capital on
Thursday, 30th January, 2025 at 04:00 P.M. for discussion on Unaudited Financial
Results for the quarter and Nine months ended 31st December, 2024.
3TN%
vFrfxF viPiPiPi =nn41^t ^
«i+ii^iwww.bel-india.in 4T
T^
F%5r
% 3RnPr ^ft
|h
For your kind information, the aforementioned transcript is made available on the
website of the Company www.bel-india.in under Investors - Stock Exchange
Disclosure tab.
w srfSpFhT^
vit-c
^
a ^
i
Submitted for your information and record.
*
TSM4K
' / Thanking you,
4 =1<04/Yours faithfully,
^
T2Tf%w PiPRs
For Bharat Electronics Limited
T^
T^Pldm/S Sreenivas
4Fpft *rRFT/Company Secretary
^FTtr- w
l /Ends: As stated Above.
SREENIVA
S SRIPADA
Digitally signed by 
SREENIVAS SRIPADA 
Date: 2025.02.03 
16:55:08 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
3Q FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANOJ JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
 
MR. DAMODAR BHATTAD S – DIRECTOR FINANCE AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. SREENIVAS S – COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. RENU BAID PUGALIA – IIFL CAPITAL 
 
 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Bharat Electronics 3Q FY '25 Earnings 
Call hosted by IIFL Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's 
presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Renu Baid Pugalia from IIFL Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Thank you. A very good evening to everyone. On behalf of IIFL Capital, I would like to thank 
the management of Bharat Electronics for giving us the opportunity to host the3Q FY '25 
earnings call. Today, from the management team, we have with us Mr. Manoj Jain, Chairman 
and Managing Director; Mr. Damodar Bhattad, Director Finance and CFO; and Mr. Sreenivas 
S, Company Secretary. 
 
Without taking much time, I now hand over the call to Mr. Jain for his opening remarks. 
Thereafter, we can start the session for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Manoj Jain: 
Okay. Thank you, madam. Good afternoon, everybody. So I will just briefly summarize our 
financial highlights up to Q3 of financial year '24, '25. So the turnover increased to INR14,174 
crores up to Q3 as compared to INR11,485 crores, with a growth of 23.41%. The profit before 
tax, that is also increased to INR4,242 crores up to Q3 as compared to INR2,949 crores last 
year up to Q3, with a growth of 43.86%. 
 
And profit after tax, that is increased to INR3,183 crores up to Q3 as compared to last year 
figure of INR2,236 crores, with a growth of 42.34%. The EBITDA has increased to 28.07% up 
to Q3 as compared to last year's figure of 23.67%. That way earnings per share has increased 
to INR4.36 up to Q3 as compared to last year figure of INR3.06. And order book position as 
on 1st of January 2025 is INR71,100 crores. This is a brief financial highlight of Q3. 
Management: 
Yes, we are open to question and answer the session, madam. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Mohit Pandey from Macquarie Capital. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Congratulations on the good set of P&L numbers. Sir, my first question is on order inflows. So 
are we sustaining a sharp pickup in 4Q because of your guidance earlier was INR25,000 
crores. And -- what is the latest on the guidance on orders now, sir, for this year? 
Manoj Jain: 
Okay. We have achieved, I think, around roughly INR11,000 crores order this year, as against 
the target of INR25,000 crores. Many projects are in the pipeline and which we are hopeful to 
get in the next 2 months. So we are confident to achieve this INR25,000 crores order inflow by 
the end of the financial year. 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Mohit Pandey: 
Sir, maybe for the 3 or 4 large orders that I think you had mentioned last time that you were 
expecting. If you can give an update such as for Ashwini Radar Electronic Warfare for MI-17 
as well HimShakti Phase 4, you're still expecting them in this quarter? Where are the delays 
exactly if you could give some color, if possible? 
Manoj Jain: 
So all these orders, most of the orders already PNC, CNC is concluded and it is in the contract 
finalization stage. So that's why we are confident that in the next 2 months, we will get the 
confirmed order also from ministry for these projects. All the 6, 7 projects, which last time we 
told, including the 2 you have mentioned, also Ashwini also MI-17 and V5, these all are in a 
stage of contract English finalization, you can say. The basic PNC for many of them are 
already concluded. So that's why we are confident we will achieve INR25,000 plus crores 
order inflow this year. 
Mohit Pandey: 
And sir, with regards to QRSAM, if there is any update if you can provide that the pipeline 
order for next year? 
Manoj Jain: 
Yes. There's a project. It's going on well. So many queries, configuration changes and other 
things were there between Army and Air Force. And it is going in the right direction. 
Hopefully, next 6 to 8 months or maybe within a year, we will get this order in our hand. So 
we have planned also that this order to be in the next financial year only in our end. So we are 
confident it is -- we will get it before March '26, this prestigious order. 
Mohit Pandey: 
And sir, last question would be after QRSAM, which would be the large pipeline orders that 
you will be looking at in the next 2, 3 years? 
Manoj Jain: 
Actually the second largest order will be this MRSAM & MFSTAR related variants for next-
generation corvettes and other ships. That will be the second largest order, which we are 
expecting in next year mostly. That also we will finalize by next year. And then there are some 
sub 5,000, 5, 6 more orders, which we are really working for next year. 
 
So next year, again, anyway, we will tell you in the month of April when we assess the actual 
situation of how many we can finalize our contract in the next financial year. We will let you 
know April or May timeframe. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit from PL Capital. 
Amit: 
Congratulations for the strong numbers. My first question is on pretty strong performance this 
quarter, if possible for you to highlight on which orders contributed in execution in Q3? And 
which were the orders which were kind of margin accretive? And second part is the 9 months 
growth is already 25% plus on top line and margins are also more than 27%. Would you be 
revising guidance for FY '25? 
Manoj Jain: 
Okay. Firstly, the major order executed until third quarter, LRSAM was the number one in the 
lead, followed by WLR, the weapon-locating radar, the IACCS system, the Shakti EW System, 
the ADC&RS the Akash speed program, we started supplying of the subsystems there. And 
one civilian project, CBIC, we call it, this is for a land-based infrastructure across pan India. 
So major orders, which we executed till quarter 3 are these 6 projects. 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
And your second question was related to change of our plan for this financial year. That we 
will anyway let you know at the end of today's session. Because by that time, we will 
summarize anything else, and then we will definitely tell you about our future outlook. 
Amit: 
My next question is on the delays which are happening with HAL and would like to 
understand, is there any portion of order which you have, which is for supply to LCAs? Or are 
you seeing any impact on your order execution order book or order intake related to LCAs? 
Manoj Jain: 
So for us, there is no problem. What was -- because we are supplying electronic modules to 
LCA program. These electronic modules are as per the planned targets based on our way of 
assembly, testing and evaluation and a requirement of HAL, which was agreed between both 
our organization long back. So we are on track with that. 
 
So whatever they want, we are definitely meeting and executing their requirement of all the -- I 
think it is around 11 to 15 electronic modules, which we are making for LCA programs. So 
these all we are supplying as per their requirement. So we are not foreseeing any challenge 
from electronic modules per se now. 
 
We had some initial problem last year, but that's all initial teething problem, we have solved. 
And now we are -- the way they want that rate only, we are now totally streamlined our 
production rate. So we are not foreseeing any problem for LCA-related electronic module 
supply from BEL. 
Amit: 
Sure, sir. Lastly, on non-defense, what was the contribution? And second thing, many players 
want the Kavach orders in the past 1 months, 1.5 months. Any outlook you would like to give 
on non-defense especially on Kavach orders in subsequent years? And also orders -- any 
orders related to semiconductor electronics sectors, if you're focusing there at all? So are they 
going to enhance your order intake pipeline, if you could throw some light on this aspect as 
well? 
Manoj Jain: 
Okay. Till quarter 3, we have -- our nondefense, we have achieved around 11%. Nondefense 
and export put together. Nondefense per se calculation is around 8%, 3% export, because 
export is a mix of defense and nondefense. So overall, you can say around -- tentatively around 
10% was nondefense and 90% was defense in our execution. 
 
And your point about Kavach. So Kavach, we have got the initial executional order, which we 
call it technically an R&D or a prototype order for proving our indigenous solution, which we 
are developing ourselves. Developing, installing and then getting the certification/testing by 
the railway authority. 
 
So that once that execution order is successfully done by us, then only railway will qualify us 
for the bigger tender. And then only we can participate in those tenders. So that is again next 
year, maybe by June, July, hopefully, we may go through this process of installing and testing 
in an executional factor. 
 
After that, only we will come back to you about what is the order book impact based on 
Kavach successful completion. So let me firstly successfully complete this execution order, 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
prove my designs, and then only we will know also our even cost, what cost we have made the 
final solution. And based on that only we will have the correct assessment of how much 
business share we can get in subsequent years to come. So today, it is a bit early to do. Today, 
we are technical in the R&D phase of Kavach program. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura India. 
Umesh Raut: 
Congratulations for the very good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is pertaining to gross 
margin. If I look at gross margin for first 9 months, I think it is around 49%. And we have 
always guided gross margins in the range of 42% to 44%. But if I look at, I think, the last few 
quarters and the kind of orders we have received, those are more or less repeat orders of 
existing programs, AMC contracts and service portion of these earlier programs. So is it fair to 
assume that going forward, gross margin profile for us will structurally improve from guided 
range of 42% to 44% to about closer to 50%? 
Manoj Jain: 
Yes. See currently, the gross margin is not 49% as you said, it is around the range of 44.5% 
only, for up to December, the gross margin is 44.5% only, and we have guided for 42% to 
44%. So as of now, we maintain that range of gross margin. 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. Sir, one clarification here, while calculating gross margin, are you only assuming raw 
material and credit goods cost and excluding the portion of purchase of stock in trade and trade 
in stock? 
Manoj Jain: 
No, no, these are also taken into account. Purchase of stock in trade, raw materials all are taken 
and even the portion of WIP, which is there at the end of the December quarter is also taken 
into account. Separately as to who it is really then, but the gross margin is only 44.5%, as of 
now. 
Umesh Raut: 
My second question is pertaining to the deal, which is right now going on between India and 
Russia for acquisition of long-range radar, which can detect missile and aircraft up to about 
6,000 kilometers to 8,000 kilometers. So I think this is very big about closer to $4 billion. And 
any idea over here, what kind of role Bharat Electronics can play? 
Manoj Jain: 
No. The thing is we are very good or a leader in the radar domain, no doubt on that. But this 
particular deal is a G2G level. So direct role of BEL is not frozen as on date. But as these 
things progresses, based on that only role of BEL will be decided. And whatever role Ministry 
gives to BEL, BEL is definitely be able to take that role. But today, it is not finalized. It is an 
exploration from BEL point of view, it is an exploration or watching mode. 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. But as media suggests 60% of value addition would be done in India only. So is it fair to 
assume that BEL being a leader in radar manufacturing, they'll have a larger portion of it? 
Manoj Jain: 
Definitely, BEL should have and BEL will have. But as of now, it is too premature to tell 
about the exact figures, what we will have because let government level negotiation and talks 
happen and conclude. Based on that outcome only, we will have a concrete idea about these 
figures. 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Umesh Raut: 
So sir, next question is pertaining to employee cost. As we understand now there is 8th pay 
commission, which is now getting set up, and I think it is getting effective from next year 
onwards. So any approximate idea for employee cost increase you will have probably in FY 
'27? 
Damodar Bhattad: 
See, this for us, public sector, the next wage revision is due only from January '27. It's not -- 
it's the Pay Revision Commissions for central government. I think the year is different. And for 
us, it is from January '27. So for '26, '27 per se only 3 months effect will be there on the 
employee cost. And even going overall employee wage revision happens, the projected 
turnover increase what we are expecting, we'll ensure that the employee cost to turnover 
percentage doesn't very much. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for a good performance in this quarter. I have 2 questions. The first one is on 
MRSAM. Again, there was some delays from BDL side earlier because of the component 
being sourced from outside. But there were -- there was news that it is getting indigenized. So 
just wanted to understand our role over there? And how much will that account for us as 
revenue and when it can be recorded? That is first one. 
 
And there's the second -- then the Part B of this question that recently BDL also got MRSAM 
order from Indian Navy. So what could be our portion in this? And when we expect to get this 
order? 
Manoj Jain: 
No, let me tell you, firstly, this is a BDL-related question. So BDL is in the right position to 
answer that. Our direct contribution in the missiles of this MRSAM order, because BDL gets 
missile in these orders. So our portion is nil as on today for the missile portion. But of course, 
there is a lot of electronics in that. 
 
And as you have rightly told, there were some issues in electronic module supply from outside 
to BDL that we are having constant interaction with BDL to see can we leverage our in-house 
R&D strengths to indigenize a few more components of this. 
 
And definitely, once we indigenize means that order will come to us only. So right now, we 
are in the process of finalizing the indigenization plan for these missiles. And final answer, you 
can get only from BDL. But definitely, there is a good scope of BEL manufactured or designed 
modules to be added in these programs. 
Amit Dixit: 
The second one is that you indicated that the next big order that will come would next 
generation corvette, but also, we expect that P-75 and P-75I could also be ordered in due 
course. So just a ballpark, what kind of share we expect, at least from electronic component 
and all from these orders? 
Manoj Jain: 
Anyway, as you told that NGC, so definitely, we are going to get this MRSAM & MFSTAR-
related orders, which we are expecting definitely next year, it may conclude for us. But P-75 
and P-75I, good progress is there, good discussions are there. And a lot of electronic 
components in both the programs will be from BEL that much only I can tell you. But right 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
now until that contract is finalized or at least CNC stage is cleared, we can't give you the exact 
numbers. 
 
But this also will be a very good number. It will be definitely 4-digits, but exact number today, 
I don't want to tell you, but maybe by April, May timeframe, we will exactly tell you what type 
of number we are expecting because definitely, these will be now we are expecting in next 
year itself. Earlier, we were thinking it may slip further, but good progress has happened on 
both the programs. BEL is deeply involved in these both program, 75AS and 75I. And the 
exact numbers, we'll let you know by April, May timeframe. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, just a follow-up for NGC for which substantial progress has been made, is it possible to 
quantify -- you can give a range also that what kind of orders we can get over there? 
Manoj Jain: 
We are expecting around INR14,000 crores to INR15,000 crores worth of orders for NGC. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. In addition -- in continuation of the last 
question, could you also spell out the ballpark range of size for the 2 large orders that you 
expect next fiscal QRSAM and the MRSAM that you mentioned, given that NGC is almost 
INR140 billion, INR150 billion will you give us a better sense? 
Manoj Jain: 
Yes. QRSAM, we have told, also, it is between INR25,000 crores to INR30,000 crores. And 
we are expecting definitely next year only based on the progress which has happened this 
financial year. So we are definitely going to get -- before next financial year end, this order 
should be in our kitty. And the other one, NGC, I already indicated, it is around INR14,000 
crores to INR15,000 crores. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And MRSAM? 
Manoj Jain: 
NGC means that MRSAM & MFSTAR and the package, the total package put together is 
around this. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. And this INR250 billion to INR300 billion packages that you get next year and the year 
after that, everything is expected in FY '26 itself? 
Manoj Jain: 
Which one? Both these programs, we are expecting in '25, '26 -- before March '26, we should 
get both the orders. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Excellent. And both these contracts would have what sort of execution schedule in terms of 
time line for booking revenues? 
Manoj Jain: 
Typically for the QRSAM program 18 months to 24 months as the first half production. First 
of production may be some 5% to 10% of the order value, which we can execute in 18 months 
to 24 months. And then followed by another 2 years plus the remaining order will be executed. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. And MRSAM, the NGC? 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Manoj Jain: 
MRSAM, it will be a bit more faster because that -- but that is over a period of 4 years to 5 
years again. So per year, we may expect in that around INR2,000 crores or to INR3,000 crores 
worth of execution we can -- we are planning. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. My second question is given such strong revenue growth and margin performance in the 
first 9 months, how would you revisit your guidance on both revenue and EBITDA margin? 
And given that -- how would you look at maybe given your order book right now is down 6%, 
7%, I know fourth quarter. [inaudible 24:00] Also revenue growth and margin outlook would 
you leave us with for FY '26? 
Manoj Jain: 
In between there was a blank. Can you please repeat your second question? 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sir, I was saying that in the first 9 months, your revenue growth and margins have been well 
ahead of your full year guidance. Would you like to revisit your full year guidance? And b, 
your order backlog is down about 6.7% year-on-year as of 9 months, even with the pickup in 
inflows in fourth quarter and with the revenue growth acceleration, your order book may be 
flattish at the end of FY '25. So what kind of revenue generation can happen in FY '26, given 
that QRSAM, etc., are expected only towards by the end of the fiscal? 
Manoj Jain: 
Okay. Regarding guidance, anyway, in the end, we will tell all of you because there are 
multiple questions from multiple follow, where we are looking at our guidance, whether it is a 
revised figure or not, we will definitely tell you at the end of this session. And regarding order 
book, as I already told, although we have achieved only around INR11,000 crores order book 
till now. 
 
But next 2 months, we are going to achieve another INR14,000 crores, which is a gap. We are 
confident about that 5, 6 programs are in the final stage of contract finalization. So we are 
definitely confident to achieve that. And for next year, once we have this order book, which is 
presently INR71,000 crores plus, around INR14,000 crores more work we will get also. 
 
So next year start will be better than this year start. So we will expect a good growth and other 
margins and other targets that we will anyway let you know by April. We do not have much 
concern on the order book because as of now, even though this year remains flat, there's 
always a base orders of around INR15,000 crores, which is always there. 
 
And this orders of QRSAM and MFSTAR for NGV, this when they come next year, the order 
book will automatically grow next year by 1st April '26, the order book will be much more 
healthier, if these orders are expected, in addition to the base orders of INR15,000 crores. So 
this year, maybe it is just flat but current next year growth will take care of the order book 
once again. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And we hope that the margin improvements are sticky, and you'll cover that all subsequently. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from J.P.Morgan. 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Atul Tiwari: 
Sir, just one clarification. So this MRSAM orders, they are for NGC. So this is the entire 
package, right? INR140 billion, INR150 billion in MRSAM/NGC? 
Manoj Jain: 
Yes, yes, yes. It is a package. It is the total package from us type of electronics for NGC 
program. You're right. 
Atul Tiwari: 
So INR250 billion to INR300 billion for QRSAM and for this NGC/MRSAM package INR150 
billion. Is there any other large orders that you have in the pipeline over the next 3 years? 
Manoj Jain: 
Definitely, yes. Next year itself, we have done 3, 4 major projects in pipeline, which we are 
hoping to get order. 
Damodar Bhattad: 
We have told for major orders are INR14,000 crores, INR25,000 crores, but INR2,000 crores, 
INR3,000 crores, and there another from 5, 6 orders which are expected in next year. And 3 
years range, definitely, it will be much more. But presently, we are talking of '25, '26. 
Atul Tiwari: 
And sir, for the submarine program, could the size be similar like INR150 billion, INR200 
billion for all the P-75 and P-75I, is roughly the quantum will be in the same ballpark or can it 
be substantially more or substantially less? 
Manoj Jain: 
Right now, I don't want to give the exact figure, but it will be a bit less than these 2. It will be 
lesser than these 2, that much only I can tell you. But because the exact quantification will be 
done in the next 1 or 2 months because that only discussions are going on between us and 
MDL. And maybe by April, we will give you a more quantified figures. But as on today, I can 
tell you, it will be lesser than this because it will not be in the 5-digit, it will be 4-digits only, 
that much I can tell you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. 
Harshit Patel: 
So my first question is on the electronic warfare systems for our airborne platforms. So at 
present, which are the platforms for which we supply these EW systems, such as D-29? Also 
on top of that, which are the future platforms, maybe LUH, LCH, IMRH, LCA Mk-2, etc., for 
which we are the development and production partner? 
Manoj Jain: 
Okay. Firstly, any aircraft or helicopter, which is there with Air Force or Army Aviation or 
Navy Aviation. They have one or the other EW system of BEL. Minimum one EW system of 
BEL is mandatory because it is a strategic requirement. So that will be always be there. So in 
all flowing air platforms, we have EW system. 
 
But now we are from the basic EW system, we are migrating to EW Suites with a complex EW 
system having multiple components. So D-29 is one such EW Suite program, and as the name 
indicates, it is for MiG-29 aircraft. That's why the 29 stands for MiG-29. So it is for MiG-29 
program, the total EW Suite that we are executing right now. 
 
And for all future programs, as you have mentioned, various helicopter programs, where other 
programs, EW Suite of different, different configurations are worked out, and many of those 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
programs are in very advanced stage. As we told MI-17 and V-5 we are just going to get the 
contract any day 
 
 We have already concluded PNC, etc. Jaguar Aircraft, LUH, LCH, ALH also next version. So 
those type of various EW Suites and different configurations are in the pipeline and in the 
advanced stage of finalizing the configuration/trials. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, my second question is I wanted to relate our future margin trajectory with the localization 
levels. So what share of this localization benefits will be retained by us? And what we have to 
pass on to the Ministry of Defence in terms of maybe lower nominated contract prices. I'm 
asking this because our current level of margins are substantially higher than what we used to 
report in the past? 
Manoj Jain: 
See, on the margin front, as we told, we'll give the guidance at the end. We take a contract 
from the customer at the -- what's reported and negotiated prices, as you know. There are some 
localizations going on. All these are also factored in. And then only the negotiation takes place 
if the customer is also aware, and we negotiate with the customer. 
 
And as far as the margin guidance is concerned, your precise question comes to the margin 
guidance only at the end of it all. So as we told, we'll be telling at the end, what is our revenue 
growth and the margin guidance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jyoti Gupta from Nirmal Bang. 
Jyoti Gupta: 
So I will begin with a very basic question, sir. So this INR25,000 crores, which we will log in 
for this year, execution will start in FY '26 or maybe starting from the end of this year. But we 
have a backlog of FY '25 from previous years, which I believe is somewhere around 
INR70,000-odd crores of this thing? 
 
Now the thing is, one, this current revenue, which is coming, is it coming -- should be coming 
from the older orders book and there will be a combination of margins. So the backlog of the 
margin -- of the order, is that the margin rate is coming from? And therefore, going forward, 
the new contracts that we are getting, our margin may decline, maybe slightly or maybe 
marginally or could be higher? 
 
Other thing is what is the bill-to-book ratio? So if I take a look -- if I look at this number, we 
have done almost like in 9 months, roughly around a revenue of -- good revenue numbers of 
around INR14,000 crores, 9 months. So this is still around 30% of the book that we have or it 
is higher? 
 
And do we expect that our execution pace will increase, and therefore, this 30% will go to 
35%, 40% because I know you'll have a decent order book for the next 5 years. There's no 
doubt. My question is on the execution part. Are we stepping it up? 
 
Second is, how are the margins being evaluated based on the past orders and the current 
orders? And going forward, how much would be new orders be contributing to our margins 
going forward? 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Manoj Jain: 
See on the execution front, you are asking us, whether we'll step it up. It is not only dependent 
on our stepping it up only, it is also dependent on the customer contract delivery schedules. So 
any large orders, if you take in defense orders, generally, the range is there for any large are 
INR20,000 crores, INR25,000 crores, say, the general delivery supply range is 3 to 5 years. 
 
For any order is just not dependent that if you want to do INR70,000 crores, we can do it this 
year, next year. Even if we want to do, we cannot do it just because the customers' delivery 
schedule will not call for that. That is one. 
 
Second thing is on the margins trend, you are telling old orders, new orders. We have a variety 
of orders, say around more than 300 products are there, different products and with 29 SKUs 
covering it. So define the margins in the old order, new order and coming orders and what will 
be the combination and all those things is precisely we'll not be able to tell that. All we can tell 
you is the overall guidance, which we'll be giving at the end of the session, we'll be giving the 
overall revenue and EBITDA guidance growth. 
Jyoti Gupta: 
Then the other thing is I wanted to ask that while you're saying that you are on track in terms 
of timelines for the LCA Mk-1, but the LCA Mk-1s are already delayed by a year. However, 
your timelines are very well matching with the -- I don't know when the LCAs would come 
out. So -- which means your revenues are not impacted in any way in terms of the delivery for 
LCA, right? So is that LCA Mk-1 you're saying, so in LCA Mk-2 also, you would have got 
orders. 
 
Have you got orders or likely to come for LCA Mk-2 as well because that will give us a 
guidance LCA Mk-1, I don't know how many because anyways the squadrons have reduced 
the number of -- what we understand? And we do not know what is the kind of numbers we 
would likely to deliver for LCA Mk-2, as well in terms of the number of jets? 
Manoj Jain: 
Actually, your question is mainly relevant directly to be answered by HAL. We, based on our 
interaction and discussions with HAL, I will just try to reply to you. Our supplies are always 
electronic modules, as I already told. These electronic modules can be separately tested also by 
HAL because the HAL is making all the basic frame and other things, basic systems. 
 
And at subsystem level, when we supply to them, they can test it. So there is no problem of 
taking these modules, I can supply these modules to HAL, HAL use it and test the system as 
much as he can with this. You are indirectly referring to the engine-related delays. 
 
But definitely, HAL is the best one to answer. So engine-related delay are not going to affect 
our delivery between BEL to HAL that much I can assure you. The second thing is you told 
LCA Mk-2. Mk-2 is still going through prototype phase only, I should say. So from prototype 
phase to come to the real production phase, it will take a few more years. Till that time, we are 
supplying LCA Mk-1 83-number order we got. 
 
And second was we are going to get, for which advanced level discussions and activities are 
going on, this 97 number LCA Mk-1A order. So these 2 orders, what we are executing and 
what we are going to get very soon are LCA Mk-1A only. Mk-2 is still going through the 
certification phase only. So it will take some more time to come to production phase. 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI Asset Management 
Company. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
My first question is, so you have been looking to scale up the nondefense revenue share over 
the past couple of years. However, if we see the nondefense revenue shares has been more 
around 8% to 10% kind of from mark. So when do you expect that to scale up? 
Manoj Jain: 
Good question. Actually, this nondefense, as I told, 8% to 10% is for last so many years. But 
now we want to make it double digit. And double digit will be between first level 10 to 15 
range we want to increase. Finally, as a healthy sign, nondefense should be around 20% to 
25% of our turnover as a logical mix. 
 
So we are aiming for that. We have lot many diversification plans related to nondefense. We 
have come out with the network and cybersecurity-related business. We have come out with 1 
or 2 more areas, especially like homeland security area. Data center area is anyway growing. 
So we want to go in that segment. 
 
The border security related projects that type of a project. So we are a very, very advanced 
stage of many of those programs. We thought of entering through BSNL programs also. We 
have partially succeeded in that, but there were some minor issues in getting some big orders 
there. But we are definitely in the next again big opportunity. 
 
We will bid because we are technically capable in this telecom domain of civilian. So telecom 
civilian domain we are looking as a great prospectus for us and network and cybersecurity-
related domain, and of course our e-governance-related activities or digitization-related 
activities, related software solutions. 
 
So these 3, 4 areas, we have done reasonably good work now. So we are hoping that very 
soon, maybe next year or next to next year, we will be in 10% plus, definitely 10% to 15% 
margins for this segment. And over a period of time, maybe up to next 5 years, we may get 
between 20% to 25% region for the turnover mix between defense and non-defense. 
 
See, we should also understand that while non-defense numbers will continue to increase, the 
defense order size are much more feasible. For example, what you are telling about QRSAM 
and this NGC order, they are much more feasible. So even though the increase in numbers 
happen, the percentage in non-defense cannot increase to that extent. 
 
So that being the case, the non-defense percentage increase will be on a little slower scale and 
it will take a little longer time. But overall what we are looking at is a business increase which 
will definitely happen. 
Moderator: 
Sir, the participant has moved out of the queue. We will move on to our next question. The 
next question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from PhillipCapital. 
Dipen Vakil: 
My question is regarding the order book. So we have an order book of close to around INR711 
billion. So, first, can you give us a breakup as to what is the defense order book and the 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
nondefense order book? And the second part of it, what will be the main items in the existing 
order book, which is about INR10 billion? 
Manoj Jain: 
Again, that defense and non-defense typically in the order book also something similar to our 
88%, 89% defense, 10%, 11% nondefense. That ratio is in the order book also. And some of 
the major order book what we have is related to electronic fuses, the LRSAM project, Akash 
Prime, BMP-2 upgrade, HimShakti and Arudhra Radar. So these are the top 6, 7 projects, 
which constitute this order book what is their INR71,000 crores work with us. This is around 
INR20,000 crores to INR25,000 crores is among these 6 projects. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Sir, can you help us with the quantum of top 5 projects if possible? 
Manoj Jain: 
The top 5 projects are electronic fuse, LRSAM, Akash Prime, BMP-2 upgrade and HimShakti. 
And they are ranging between the INR2,500 crores to INR4,500 crores. 
Damodar Bhattad: 
These 5 orders put together around INR18,000 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment Management. 
Aman Vij: 
My first question is on Kavach. So when you talk about today we are at R&D stage, and by 
June, July, you expect this R&D stage to be over. So is my understanding correct that, 
normally, a company needs to supply the hardware and software prototypes. So that you will 
supply by the June, July 2025? 
Manoj Jain: 
Yes. We will put this hardware and software both in a test line, which will be given by 
railways to us. We'll put it and start the integration and testing phase. So by June time frame, 
our development of hardware and software will be over. 
Aman Vij: 
And sir, normally, after that, there is normally a field trial of like 5,000, 10,000 hours. So we'll 
be starting that field trials by June, July? 
Manoj Jain: 
No. The thing is after the development phase, this is -- one is called integration and testing 
phase at the actual line. And after that only, the certification related or the reliability related 
testing starts by railways. So I don't know how much time they will take during the testing 
phase. It may take 1 months to 2 months typically, but sometimes it takes a bit more also. So 
depending upon that time only -- and then the certification-related reliability testing. 
 
So based on that only, it will take -- wild guess is 4 months to 6 months it should take for those 
type of testing. So maybe by December, January timeframe, we may get the clearance. But it 
may vary by a few months here and there. 
Aman Vij: 
Okay. And directly, will we get... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, to restrict your question to one, because there are other participants who are 
waiting in queue. 
Aman Vij: 
Yes, just finishing this on one question I have. Is it correct to assume that after all this 
clearance, say it happens next year? So do you directly get 4.0 approval, Kavach 4.0 approval? 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Manoj Jain: 
Look, once we clear that, then only we will be qualifying for next bid -- next big order which 
will come because recently, I think they had issued some RFP where we are not qualifying 
right now. So next big order after we are qualified. In that order, definitely, we will bid. And 
based on our cost trend, L1 discovery and the order will be splitted across multiple vendors. 
That is -- railway has to decide that what will be the terms and condition in that RFP. 
 
But typically, in their RFP, they split the order across top 2 or top 3 vendor. So we are 
confident we will get a sizable portion at that point of time. But today, it is a bit early to tell 
and quantify the business volume for that until we clear the testing and certification phase. 
Aman Vij: 
Just one small question on fuses. So how are the delivery going about? We had to supply like 
INR500 crores per year for the next 10 years. So have you supplied in 9 months, whatever 
quantity, say, INR350 crores, INR375 crores already? And you have talked about this 
Rosoboronexport MOU, which had signed 6, 7 months back and you were told in the next 6 
months, we'll be able to talk more about it in terms of export opportunity. And the 
indigenization portion also, you had talked about we are 50%. By next year, what it can be? So 
these 2, 3 small questions on fuses, if you can answer? 
Manoj Jain: 
No, we have ramped up our fuse production as part of this order, what we have got. And I 
think in last 9 months, we have got reasonably good progress. And whatever was committed to 
Army, we are going to meet by March. We have an MOU with them for yearly quantities. So 
first 2 years, the quantities are slightly less than only ramping up. So as per the contract, I think 
we are on target for that, barring some initial teething problem, which was there for first 6 
months. 
 
But now it is totally stabilized, and we are not foreseeing any problem on that. Regarding 
ROE, it is -- it was for some 2 programs of Indian requirement only right now, not for export. 
And those programs are right now internal processing of the case is going on. Then there will 
be technical evaluation, then some other activities and then only discovery of L1 will be there. 
 
So it will take some more time at the ministry level. And regarding indigenization, yes, we 
have done good progress on indigenization front also. Within 2 years, we have to do 
indigenization complete for this program. And we are confident that in 2 years' time frame, we 
will do the indigenization as agreed to ministry. 
Aman Vij: 
Which part is left, sir? So we are 50% indigenized. So which part is remaining? 
Manoj Jain: 
No, total, all critical component of this fuse will be indigenized. Although we have made our 
own totally indigenous version also, home grown for some other application, not for this Army 
program, but for some other naval program, we have made totally home grown fuse. But for 
this Army program, it was based on transfer of technology. 
 
So in that transfer of technology, indigenization content was to be increased to 100%. So that 
activity is going on. In 2 years, we will indigenize it, but it is not based on the in-house design. 
The design was not from us for this program. But once it is manufactured in India, it is 
technically we are totally independent of manufacturing each and every part. 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
So that activity only was the commitment between us as part of that contract. But parallelly, as 
I told, we have put our R&D team to make totally indigenous version of fuse, which we have 
successfully made for one naval program. And then we will subsequently make it for Army 
different programs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
I just wanted to understand, so next year, we're looking at INR25,000 crores QRSAM, 
INR15,000 crores from corvettes and then INR15,000 crores base orders? We are targeting all 
these 3, is that understanding, correct? 
Manoj Jain: 
What we told last year that beyond QRSAM, minimum INR25,000 crores more we will get. So 
QRSAM, which we are now progressing very well. Hopefully, it will be between INR2,500 
crores to INR50,000 crores will be the order book inflow next year, but that exact value, we 
will tell you in the month of April. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Maybe just wanted to check if there was any provision reversal or any sort of FX loss or gain 
in other expense this quarter, which was sizable? 
Manoj Jain: 
Which one? 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Any provisions for FX in other expenses this particular quarter? 
Manoj Jain: 
See, you are talking of -- precisely which line you're talking of, other expenses or other 
operating revenue or? 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Other expenses, any large provision creation or any FX gain or loss in other expenses in this 
particular quarter? 
Manoj Jain: 
A large provision was towards there, it was provisioned towards -- liquidated damages was 
there on account of some certain delay in supplies. That was a large provision in other 
expenses. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sir, any quantification that you want to share? 
Manoj Jain: 
Quantification, yes, the total quantification in the provisions was around INR600 crores for 
provision towards doubtful debts and penalties. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit from PL Capital. 
Amit: 
My question was on the Defence Ministry announcing this year as a year of reform, and we 
saw talking about AI, robotics and machine learning. Any reading you have for Bharat 
Electronics? Will there be advancements of electronics or value of defense electronic 
components being higher compared to the previous years? And any read-through you have 
from this document or any discussion with Ministry with Bharat Electronics perspective? 
Manoj Jain: 
Definitely, once Ministry has announced year of reforms, we also had geared up for that. So 
we have given our targets for reforms, different, different targets for reforms and different 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
projects-processes where these reforms will be reflected. One such reform was recently 
flagged off. You might have noticed this, battlefield surveillance system, Sanjay. 
 
That was also one of the important reform we wanted to flag off in this year itself, in the 
January itself, although there were a lot of challenges, but we told we will finish this product 
because this is going to change the battlefield surveillance in a bigger way. So reforms mainly 
in the form of new technology infusion, infused products to be launched this year. 
 
So this year, you will see many number of reformed projects, the projects which are going to 
change the battlefield landscape. So those type of projects we have lined up. One by one, we 
will announce them. This BSF was one such project which we have announced. So many more 
are there. That is the commitment between us and our ministry. So we have already given our 
commitment about a series of reforms, which we are going to do in this year. 
Amit: 
Lastly, on a clarification on order book breakup, which you shared top 4 to 5 orders are about 
INR30,000 crores, INR35,000 crores and I think Fusion order is to be delivered in phases over 
7, 8 years. Any thought on other large orders? What is the delivery time line for the LRSAM, 
Akash Prime, BMP-2 and HimShakti? 
Manoj Jain: 
No. HimShakti, I think is for -- next year itself, we will liquidate it. So it is only for this year 
and next year. This year, we are going to supply some portion and because it's still one quarter 
is left. But majority of the supplies will be in the next year. So HimShakti is only for next year, 
not beyond. MPR Arudhra is, I think, for 4 years plus. BMP-2 also is 4-year plus. So these are 
4-year plus program. 
 
In general range, you can tell any of these orders, they have a minimum time frame of around 
2 years and it goes up to 5 years, such type of orders because they are different, different 
orders, exact delivery schedule of each one, we do not have right now. But general thing is, it 
will be a minimum 2 years period for such orders and generally, it goes up to 5 years 
depending on the order size and delivery schedule. 
 
Only fuse is an exception because we have got a long-term order that is for total 10 years, in 
which first year we are concluding this year, then 9 more years, it will be there because that is 
a yearly target we have told. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Congrats for a good set of numbers. Just wanted to check with you on -- one is on the Uttam 
Radar side. What we have heard is that probably you will be manufacturing Uttam Radar. Now 
is that the correct statement to make? Or Israel radar will be used in the Tejas Mk1A, if you 
can give a clarification? And in the 97 number of Tejas, which is going to come in subsequent 
FY '26, that's what expected. Would you be participating in those as well? A clarification 
would be helpful here. 
Manoj Jain: 
Okay. Firstly, again, Uttam Radar, which configuration, which Uttam Radar will go or the 
foreign made, that is a decision between user and HAL. We don't have any role to play for that. 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
So configuration in any aircraft is decided between user, with Air Force and HAL. We are not 
a party to that. Our job is only to supply them electronic module. 
 
Uttam Radar per se, the decision was taken and through a process, it was decided. HAL is the 
integrator for Uttam Radar. And some modules level only, they will decide whom to place 
order. BEL also is in the race of getting some sub modules order from HAL. But that will be 
the call by HAL, how much he will do in-house and how much of the modules, which he will 
get partners and those partners have to fight for the L1. 
 
So there is no confirmed BNE type of things in Uttam Radar for BEL as of now. So let us see 
when the numbers, RFP will be issued by HAL at that time, but HAL is a system integrator for 
Uttam Radar, not BEL. So that was a calculated decision taken, informed decision taken by all 
stakeholders. So today, when the RFP is issued by HAL for subsystems, that time only we can 
quantify how many subsystems BEL may get ordered and what is our aggressive marketing 
plan of getting that because it will be through multi-vendor situation. 
 
So multiple vendors are there for some module level, although BEL has definitely a strategic 
advantage. But today, I can't tell how much of that I will grab at the sub-module level for 
Uttam Radar. And about this 97 number, Tejas, again, all the electronic modules, already 
inquiry has come to BEL, and we are in the process of finalizing and some contract-related 
discussions and other things activity already started. Regarding Radar 197, again, it will be 
called by HAL, not by BEL. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
And can you share some update on the anti-drone system, sir, because that's where some 
competition is seen rising and orders also getting into traction mode. So where is BEL 
positioned? What's an order pipeline there, if you can share some insight? 
Manoj Jain: 
We are the leader in a complex high-end, high energy hard-kill and soft-kill-based solution, 
which was originally designed by DRDO. So that we have supplied, these complex solutions, 
we have supplied to Army, Navy and Air Force. All the 3 supplies are over. Now we are 
getting an order from BSF. That is the one big order in pipeline, which I think we are already 
declared L1. So we are hoping in this year order to come, and then we will start supplying that. 
 
Very good leads are there from various foreign countries for this particular complex anti-drone 
system, which we call D4 system. So -- many countries, 8 to 10 countries have shown good 
interest in that. We have given demos to them. And we hope some contract may be finalized or 
good lead will be there during the next Aero India with these foreign countries because we are 
anyway demonstrating this system again there. 
 
And a lot of technical and other discussions will be there with many countries related to this 
anti-drone system. The smaller anti-drone system, there are multiple vendors, including BEL 
also. So that is a different, different order keeps coming, and there is a role for everybody. 
There are some start-ups. There are some other MSMEs, and there is BEL, of course, also, but 
they are not that complex like this D4 system. 
 
So this D4 system right now, we are the only supplier, although the technology was given by 
DRDO to 4, 5 bidders. But till date, nobody has totally acquired the technology and made the 

 
Bharat Electronics Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
prototype as per our knowledge. So we are only supplying this, and we are going to supply this 
number. We are in constant touch with Army, Navy and Air Force also for repeat orders. So 
that we will see when it will mature. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Sir, last final question. Sir, in one of the committee reports by defense, there was an order 
inflow number mentioned over the next 3 years of close to more than INR1.2 lakh crores for 
Bharat Electronics. Now given that FY '26 number was close to INR45,000 crores. Now you 
recently just mentioned you are looking somewhere around INR25,000 crores to INR50,000 
crores of order inflow. 
 
And earlier, you had guided of INR36,000 crores, INR38,000 crores order. So is it right to 
estimate that you will see an order inflow of INR45,000 crores for FY '26, considering what 
you had mentioned earlier in terms of orders coming from QRSAM, MRSAM and other 
programs. Would that be a right understanding? 
Manoj Jain: 
It is a right understanding, but exact figures, we will tell you in the month of April. But yes, 
QRSAM, there is a very, very good progress. So we are hoping next financial year, QRSAM 
will come. We are more than 90% sure as on today to get that deal in next financial year itself. 
That's why we are hoping our order book inflow next year will be between INR25,000 crores 
to INR50,000 crores. Let us watch for next 2 months. In April, we will have much more 
quantified figures about our target for next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions in the queue, I would now like to hand the call 
back to Renu Baid Pugalia from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Yes. Thank you, team. I would now request management to make comments on the guidance 
for which everybody has been waiting for if there is any change or revision to that. So over to 
you, sir, for your closing comments and remarks. 
Manoj Jain: 
No, our closing comments are, again, the same. We have analysed our 3 quarters. Third quarter 
was really very good for us. But seeing overall complex projects, mix of solutions, mix of 
challenges, what we have for future. So still we want to retain with 100% confidence, our 
revenue growth of more than 15%, which we told at the start of the year. 
 
We are confident we are going to cross 15%. So we are telling our revenue growth will be 15% 
and more. EBITDA margin definitely will be between 23% to 25%, may touch around 25% 
based on the Q3 performance. And order inflow, although as I told, it was INR11,000 crores 
till now, but we are confident to cross INR25,000 crores. So these three parameters, definitely, 
we are going to achieve. That is our final guidance. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Thank you, so much, and best wishes, sir. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to host the 
call and thank the audience for being very patient. Thank you, everyone. 
Manoj Jain: 
Thank you, all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. On behalf of IIFL Capital and Bharat Electronics, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
