                                                               
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
(formerly known as Harsha Engineers International Private Limited and Harsha Abakus Solar Private Limited) 
CIN : L29307GJ2010PLC063233 
Corporate & Registered Office: Sarkhej - Bavla Road, Changodar, Ahmedabad, Sanand - 382213, Gujarat, India. 
Tel.: +91-2717-618200   Fax: +91-2717-618259   E-mail: sec@harshaengineers.com   URL: www.harshaengineers.com 
HEIL/SE-77/2024-25 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
To, 
To, 
The Manager (Listing), 
The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy  Towers, 
"Exchange Plaza", C-l, Block - G, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Script Code No. : 543600 
Symbol : HARSHA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub   :     Transcript of Earning Call for the quarter ended December 31, 2024  
Ref   :     Regulation   30   of   SEBI   (Listing   Obligations   and   Disclosure   Requirements) 
                Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to subject matter and pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI ((Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earning call for 
the quarter ended December 31, 2024 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on 
February 13, 2025. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.harshaengineers.com 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED  
 
 
Kiran Mohanty 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
MEM NO. : F9907 
 
Kiran Kumar 
Mohanty
Digitally signed by Kiran Kumar Mohanty 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7613, 
2.5.4.20=b85b3e76e0dadd564619fa94c1b3
06d1a94b319885df6fffee2134a3b7ff9485, 
postalCode=390010, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=033b12d75ce929aa7a80b3c
dff91c6bc9da1bcd13756846bbefb9bd9232
e6c2c, cn=Kiran Kumar Mohanty 
Date: 2025.02.18 16:07:56 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Harsha Engineers International Limited Q3 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL RANGWALA – CEO & WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR, HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL 
LIMITED 
MR. MAULIK JASANI – VP, FINANCE, HARSHA 
ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY MAJMUDAR – STRATEGIC ADVISOR, 
HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Harsha Engineers International Limited Q3 
and FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing *, then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Rangwala - CEO and Whole-Time Director. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Hello, everyone. Good evening. Welcome to our Quarter 3 FY2025 Investor Call. On call with 
me today are, Mr. Maulik Jasani as well as Mr. Sanjay Majmudar. As we have been doing in the 
past, Maulik will take us through the numbers in a little bit more detail. I am sure you would 
have had a chance to look at the numbers and the deck. 
Let me begin with, as you might have seen in our Quarter 3 performance has remained overall a 
kind of a flattish trajectory with the key challenges continuing to remain more or less at the same. 
Thus, our key market of Europe continues to face significant headwinds. Similarly, the US also 
is not showing any significant sign of revival. However, on the positive side, we are getting a 
feeling that with the US taking positive proactive steps under the new leadership of Mr. Trump, 
the geopolitical tension should start reducing, thereby making the business sentiment positive. 
However, this could be partly offset by increased tariff wars, particularly between US and China, 
which could have a domino effect on overall international trade. All these may not have any 
direct impact on Harsha; however, it can create an impact on global commodities and may have 
some indirect impact. Another fall out of the present scenario is making USD stronger vis-a-vis 
most of the emerging market currencies, including the Indian rupees. At a macro level, Harsha 
may stand to benefit since this will increase the price competitiveness of Harsha’s products in 
the US and other international markets. 
Now, if I talk of India, while we have grown in higher single digit in this quarter over the 
corresponding previous year quarter, bulk of the growth is attributed to strong growth in Bronze 
Bushing segment and also decent growth in Stamping segment. The Bronze Bushing business 
has continued to be strongly positive for us. Thus, the 9 months year-to-date sales for bronze 
bushing is around Rs. 60 crores plus, very much in line with our expectation of crossing Rs. 80 
crores annual sales target of bushing this financial year. 
If I talk of cages, this quarter was bit soft in India typically due to yearend inventory reduction 
pressure felt by our major MNC bearing companies operating in India. Since their overseas 
parent follow calendar year as their accounting year, I believe that normal purchasing will be 
resumed in quarter 4 and we look forward to a little bit improvement on demand from their side. 
Also, we have started seeing some better traction in order booking for exports and demand 
scenario on industrial side also looks to be slightly improving. As informed to stock exchanges, 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
we have concluded major sourcing contract for cages with a large global customer and we should 
start seeing considerable additional business coming to us in India from second-half of Financial 
Year 2026. Again, we are also a major beneficiary of new facilities commissioned by our 
customers in India for as part of China Plus One strategy. We also expect the demand for large 
size cages to start picking up gradually in the coming quarter, matching with increasing demand 
from the industry, however, the demand from other geographies like Europe, US is still not 
showing concrete sign of revival. China has not reported good numbers this quarter, though if 
you look at year-to-date performance, it has still quite improved. We expect China to sustain 
these improvements going forward. 
From a Romania perspective, Romania's prospect continues to remain bleak, though we are 
working very hard on the strategy for improving the product mix in Romania by pushing more 
cages and also consciously implementing cost cutting measures. However, Romania will not be 
in a position to achieve operating breakeven in the current financial year, given the fact that 
overall demand challenges continue. However, on a combined basis between our two key 
subsidiaries, I expect these losses to be reduced and capped at a manageable level in this current 
financial year. If I talk of solar business, Quarter 3 reported a normalized performance in line 
with our expectations. As indicated earlier, the solar division is operating on its own without any 
material addition, additional capital contribution, or additional management bandwidth and 
support from the management. 
So, to conclude, I wish to reiterate, while the current financial year topline will be more or less 
flat as indicated in the past, the bottom-line growth would be much higher, more or less in line 
with our current run rate we have achieved till now. I would really like to express my sincere 
gratitude for your continued trust and confidence in Harsha Engineers and I would like to pass 
on to Maulik to talk about a little bit numbers in more detail. Over to you, Maulik. 
Maulik Jasani: 
Thanks, Vishal bhai and hello, everyone and good afternoon. For the last quarter ended 
December 24, our engineering business at consolidated level has achieved topline of Rs. 302 
crores against the topline of Rs. 310 crores in the immediate previous quarter and against the Rs. 
278 crores topline in the same quarter last year. While we have achieved the consolidated 
EBITDA for engineering business of Rs. 48.2 crores in the last Quarter 3 of FY25 against Rs. 
50.2 crore in the previous quarter and Rs. 48.5 crores in last year same quarter. 
In our solar business, we achieved revenue of Rs. 37 crores and EBITDA of Rs. 1.28 crores in 
Quarter 3 of FY25. Our solar business continued to have a respectable order level in the pipeline. 
Our overall working capital cycle has reduced to 144 days against 151 days in the previous 
quarter. The company has incurred an overall CAPEX of Rs. 70.8 crores in Quarter 3 at a 
consolidated level and continued to spend on the CAPEX size as committed for future growth. 
With this brief on financial numbers, I request the operator to take the Q&A from participants. 
Thank you. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
withdraw yourself from the question queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are requested 
to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. 
We have our first question from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jason Soans: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir, my first question just pertains to the long-term contract, 
which you have won that is effective December 5, which would put a leave on the exchange. 
Now, this agreement is for an initial of 6 years and you had mentioned that the revenue potential 
is around 6 million or 10 million per annum. So, I just wanted to know what is the update on 
that? When are we starting deliveries on that? And how is the preparation for that going on? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, in general, we have signed a contract for a long-term supply of product which we are 
expecting to start supplying in the second-half of FY26. And it is what we have anyway 
disclosed. And this will be I think €6-10 million is what we are projecting at the full potential 
level we could achieve that. 
Maulik Jasani: 
Yes, I think the preparations are on and we are on track. 
Jason Soans: 
So, revenue potential, sir, you have mentioned 6-10 million per annum, so that gives you a 
significant revenue potential in terms of that? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes. But it will not start with 10 million. It will scale up gradually. 
Jason Soans: 
It will still up. Sure, sir. The second question is just wanted to know, of course, in terms of 
overseas subsidiaries, it is kind of status quo as compared to the second quarter as well. Just 
wanted to know, I understand that the situation overseas with Europe, US is pretty weak as you 
mentioned but are you seeing any green shoots there in those regions, now Trump also has come. 
Just wanted your sense on that, do you see any green shoots going into FY26 or are we going to 
look at a kind of similar performance, when you look at FY25, just I am talking about in terms 
of the overseas subsidiaries only. When you look at the PAT, it is around Rs. 11 crores lost, 
which we have entailed for till 9 months. So, just wanted to know in terms of progressive thing, 
how are you looking, any green shoots for FY26? How are you looking at it? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
As we mentioned that even though last quarter China was not positive from a PAT point of view, 
however, we think that year-to-date China performance was respectable improvement over last 
year and we expect that will continue. We should see a decent projection from China. And if I 
talk about Romania, I think demand remains very subdued that has a big impact on us. We are 
still working on some changes and things like that and also working with customer to turn 
around, get the right product mix and all that. Having said that, we are expecting that we don't, 
we will not continue with similar number for FY26 or next year. Having said that, right now we 
are not in position to really clearly project a lot of uncertainties in the US with this trade war, 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
the things are still a developing situation. We have a very clear picture right now. Having said 
that, we are (Inaudible) unable to comment anything from here on in general. 
Jason Soans: 
Sure, sir. So, probably you are looking at a sort of a similar performance in FY26 as well, or a 
little bit better? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
We can't say honestly, we are not saying be similar, but what we are saying is that clarity of the 
there is no clarity and there is no green shoot we are hoping that we are very eagerly looking for 
green shoots. 
Jason Soans: 
Sir, just wanted to also understand, sir, of course, overseas is fine, but there was a lot of talk 
about how the big three in bearings are doing large CAPEX in India in terms of localization as 
well for increasing localization, the big capacity is being planned up. And of course will be a big 
beneficiary of that. But we are seeing currently some demand softening there also in terms of 
industrial side and even in terms of domestic demand. So, this CAPEX is coming in now, just 
wanted to understand what is the on-ground update on that? Because we have seen some softness 
domestically as well, so just wanted to know, what do you think is just a seasonal kind of thing? 
Probably at the back end, we will look at good demand coming through for bearing cages and 
everything, so how do you view the domestic outlook? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, as you rightly said that we have a little bit of softness there. All the big CAPEX coming in 
was catering to both India demand as well as global demand. So, I could say that our customers 
are also challenged with softening global demand and so I would say that some of those projects 
are a little bit delayed is what we feel. On the ground, some of the demands which we were 
supposed to see earlier are now slightly delayed is how we are seeing on the ground. But having 
said that, the directional commitment is there from all our customers, we are continuing to say 
that, hey, don't worry, this is a short-term push back. And as soon as when their capacity comes 
online, we will see the demand growth as well. 
Jason Soans: 
Sure. Those are all my questions. Thank you for answering. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. We have 
our next question from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Patel: 
Hi, thank you very much for the opportunity, sir. My first question is on our standalone India 
business. So, how the cages business has grown in the domestic market in the third quarter? Also 
has there been any material change in realizations either on Y-o-Y or Q-o-Q basis here? 
Maulik Jasani: 
Hi, Harshit. With reference to the pricing change, there is a price change as we discussed in the 
last quarter also and as you know price through mechanism and hence the price has been reduced 
because of the metal has reduced on both front and majorly on the steel front. That is first. Second 
preference to the India growth. The overall growth of India has remained bullish because of the 
bushing sale has gone up, while with reference to the cages it is almost flattish. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Harshit Patel: 
I think Y-o-Y, you were saying flattish with respect to the same quarter previous year, domestic 
cages, right? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes, both. Yes, more or less both. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, as Vishal explained that softness probably is attributable to maybe this year and destocking 
we generally find in the December quarter because most of this companies, they get consolidated 
with their parent. And then they are very conscious about buying or reducing buying. We believe 
this quarter Q4 we should see India, the big business also again starting to grow 8%-10% per 
annum. That is what our assumption is. We don't see this as a structural issue. It is more like a 
cyclical issue. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Just look like this is more about we are talking about cage only. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. Sure. Sir, my second question is on our CAPEX, so could you provide an update 
on the commissioning of the first phase at the Greenfield site? Also, what would be the overall 
CAPEX number for FY25 as well as next year? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, let me start with the second part, the CAPEX number, we are targeting for FY25, about Rs. 
170 crores, somewhere in that range for FY25 and primarily attributable to the new plant and 
building and all equipment coming in. And if I think what was the first question I missed, sorry. 
Harshit Patel: 
Commissioning will be first week of April, around April? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, this is going to be in a phase commissioning. One of the subsections will be starting pretty 
soon towards the end of this quarter or early next quarter and then most of the things will come 
online. All the capacities should come online by the end of 1st Quarter next year. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood, sure. And just lastly, could you share an update on what have been our 9-month 
revenues from the Japan based customers? Any update in the outlook over there will be helpful? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
I think a number for Japan based customer remains largely flat versus the previous year, I think 
about Rs. 50 crores is a year-to-date revenue from Japan based customer or not Japanese but 
Japanese customer, Japanese companies across the globe. And we expect that to be versus last 
year, not much of a growth. However, from a development and all the other point of view, we 
are, I think, progressing very well. In the last call that some of the projects got delayed due to 
technical and other issues and they should be coming online again soon, so that we will come 
back to the growth phases. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, development continues, translate into sales should happen. This is happening a little slowly, 
but development continues. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. Perfect. Those were my questions. Thank you very much and I will get back in the 
question queue. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Thank you, Harshit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Co. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar, sir. I am audible, sir. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, if you could explain to us the nature of losses in our subsidiary when we go into the 
consolidation, you reported about they being on a declining trend and it is around I think the Rs. 
10 crores number for the 9 month, so if you could just explain to us first the nature and what 
steps are we taking or what would be the changes that would first loading of the same going 
ahead? 
Maulik Jasani: 
The major losses are coming from our European subsidiary. There are multiple reasons behind 
it, but the major reasons are one demand low, which is the overall struggle at Europe territory 
per se, and in that also the Europe subsidiary is serving to the market like windmill market and 
high-end industrial usage, which is a large size industrial requirement which is significantly low 
overall demand network over there. Hence there is a fixed cost component which hits us badly 
over there as you might be aware that our Romania site is a least site and there are multiple fixed 
cost component attached to that site. So, that is one reason. Another reason is obviously Romania 
site also serves the semi-finished products to one of our customers and there also we are making 
some good amount of losses, reason being some of the inflation cost on our value added, could 
not be passed through and that also results into the loss because of the overall efficiency of plant 
has gone down in reason of a lower demand. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, sir, out of the Rs. 10 crores 9-month losses, what would be the contribution from the Romania 
facility in terms of the revenue contribution and the? 
Maulik Jasani: 
The major is that. China is positive and Romania is negative, So China is positive, so major 
contribution is Romania. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Rather, only contribution to loss this year, except for the third quarter minor loss for China, 
Romania so as he said, almost 30% degrowth fixed overhead, remaining fixed, demand 
compression continued, so these are the reasons why you have to maintain the basic 
infrastructure there. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Is it out of the total pie of the business? What is the contribution at peak level from the Romania 
facility? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Peak level was about Rs. (+300) crores annually. The current run rate is sub-200. And that too 
not a good product mix, major being the semi-finished castings. We are trying to push cages as 
you might be aware, but things are taking a lot of time there. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, you alluded to some of your clients domestically looking for higher cages requirement. I 
missed your commentary in the opening remarks and if you could just outline to us, what are we 
trying to convey and what kind of incremental business is anticipated going ahead from these 
customers in terms of the revenue going up once their facility are commercialized? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, we are not able to fully quantify that as a revenue number. Having said that, what we are 
trying to say that our customers are putting large CAPEX to cater to domestic demand as well 
as some demand for outside India, as part of their China Plus One de-risking strategy for bearings 
and we believe that we would be a major beneficiary of that. Our guesstimate is that this could 
be around Rs. 200 crores at the peak opportunity. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
At the peak, incremental additional opportunity for supplying cages to them. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
But this is ongoing developing situation. It will take a little bit of time because obviously they 
have to also, these are very large CAPEX taking a long period of time for them to bring those 
capacities to India and bring them online. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, domestically, what is our utilization level for our Indian operations in the cages 
segment? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
About 60% you can say average. We have various sub segments and dedicated lines in some lot 
of cases, so it varies from those lines and products and everything, but you can take an average 
of around 60%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, depending upon the improvement in the business environment and the demand scenario 
at optimum level, what can we reach in terms of utilization levels from 60 going up to what 
number? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Around 80% is what we could optimally reach, I think. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
You see, we have multiple lines, each line is designed for different sizes. So, if I get a complete 
bouquet of demand from each size, then I can reach 80%, but it never happens. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Very idealistic. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
It is an ideal situation, but yes, theoretically we can reach 80. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And last two points sir, we are just putting the thrust you have given in your presentation wherein 
you have outlined the key strategies going forward. So, if you could just show some light on, 
specifically, you have mentioned about the focus on developing products to capture the 
opportunity in the EV segment. And then I think for the Bronze Bushing and specialized 
component segment, I think with respect to the wind energy part, just if you could spare some 
time on the key strategy going forward on the basis of the slide you have put if you can give 
detail information about the same? 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Sure, Saket. This is what from our long-term point of view how we look at market opportunity 
and what we have said within that document or within that presentation what you are looking at 
is we are confident of bearing industry growth as a minimum level and we believe that we could 
grow much higher based on various strategies, various additional growth opportunities. Two 
things you mentioned, I will elaborate on those. One is Bushing. Bushing is a product which is 
very adjacent for us from a cage point of view and we bring in a very technical competency 
within a non-ferrous casting and machining area and with industry right now for a few years has 
been going through this transition from some of the bearings being replaced by bushings, not 
all, only select some things. And in that when they are replaced by bushing, we have become the 
only supplier or maybe the first supplier in India to supply to wind market. And we see that as a 
good opportunity just see product point of view and we could grow significantly in that. That is 
what we are talking about. And if you look at our numbers, every quarter we talk about that as 
a number and we have been growing. We will probably grow to the tune of almost 70%-80% 
year-over-year on that segment last year to this year. And we expect that that will continue. That 
is not necessarily the market. The end market itself is growing, but application within end market 
is shifting from one product to another there we come in and we are able to grow and we think 
that that could be a continued additional growth opportunity for Harsha. And the other stamping 
component, what we are talking about, we are a very strong tooling, tool design competency, 
tool manufacturing competency and what we can do is make very complex tooling. So, taking 
those competencies, we are looking to expand into the stamping area beyond bearing cages, also 
focus within that on green, battery-operated vehicle area and select some of those products and 
that is what we are talking about. We see a lot of growth within that, even if you look at our 
commentary. We are saying that in spite of a little bit difficult quarter, we have grown in 
stamping area and we see a lot of traction within that what we bring to the table for complex 
stamping components. And that is what we are talking about that could also be a very great long-
term opportunity for us to grow in India or for us to grow, and those are the two things here now 
you mentioned we are talking about that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to conclude sir, if we look at the clear comparison in terms of the packaging segment where 
we are operating, who is our nearest competitor? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Are you talking of India? So, globally, frankly, we have number one player, a company called 
NKC in Japan that is our number one competition. We believe we have the second highest global 
market share after them in this outsourcing space. And then there is a company called MPT in 
Germany, these are our competitors, but we have multiple competencies. So, for example, we 
do steel, we do brass, we do plastics. So, we have multiple technologies, multiple competencies, 
but NKC does mainly steel, MPT does mainly brass. So, that way being in India, we have that 
advantage of being a little more penetrative capabilities are higher. Within India, we only operate 
in organized space, so there are just one or two players, and we believe we have more than 70%-
80% outsourced cage market share in India. Most of the Indian bearing companies, they don't 
have any cage facility practically, except for very few. So, we have that way a very high market 
share in India and overseas, our wallet shares between the three giant top three players, SKF, 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Schaeffler and Timken, we would be supplying to almost 60-70 plants worldwide with 10%-
20% wallet share. That is where we are. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And concluding remarks that if you could permit me is regarding the employee cost, obviously 
in your presentation you did allude to increasing operational efficiencies to improve return, but 
when we look at employee cost as a percentage of sales, I think for the fixed cost component 
you have already explained, but still even when we look at the Indian operation part, these are 
higher numbers if you look and what asset should we look at the employee benefit expenses as 
a percentage of sales if you could give some more color to it? 
Maulik Jasani: 
Your question is not pretty clear to us, can you be? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Are you trying to say that in India the total cost of employees as a percentage of sales is higher? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, according to my understanding, on a top-line of say Rs. 1,034 crores? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
I will tell you two things without going into the specifics I don’t know whom are you comparing 
us with, but our employee cost is around 11%-12%. Two reasons, one, we have high level of 
engineering skill set that we deploy given the precision-oriented jobs that we do. So, if you are 
doing a mass scale production, commodity scale production, employee cost for those kind of 
companies would be 8%-9%. We are 10%-12% because A, we do our own tooling; B, we employ 
a large number of engineering graduates, we do a lot of training, and this is a very high precision 
job that we are doing. Overseas, if you compare for a similar kind of operation, the cost would 
be 25%-30%. That way we are quite competitive as compared to the relevant competition, but 
there is no universal yardstick. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And lastly sir, margin improvement and right now we are going at the rate of 14.5% to 15% 
range so by when are you seeing the trajectory getting improved for the next financial year and 
what can we eye for the next Financial Year ’26 in terms of EBITDA margin with respect to the 
environment as you have been mentioning? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
India continues at a decent margin of 20% odd run rate. The problem is Romania and mainly 
Romania and a little bit of China also, so in a good scenario, Romania was doing 8%-10% 
EBITDA, but today it is in negative territory. We are working very hard to see A, reaches back 
to a profit or a breakeven situation and then it starts generating margins. But long term our target 
is the consolidated margin for 14% to 15% our target is to take it to 17% to 18% but it is very 
difficult for me to predict anything right now. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, but now it is showing 16% EBITDA margin for the nine months, correct me there sir? In 
consolidated the key performance indicators you have given in that EBITDA margin is current 
is of about 16.09%. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
That is what I am saying. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Saket Kapoor: 
So this is including the Romania impact. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes, naturally and we have to take that 18% but when we will be able to take it, it is very difficult 
to say right now given the dicey situation. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct sir. What is the capital employed in Romania? I will join the queue. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Romania including the capital investment we did initially is around Rs. 180-Rs. 190 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you, sir. I will join the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The next 
question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. My question is on bushing. So, I think I remember  
bushings, we said H1 was about Rs. 44 cores and 9M is Rs. 60 crores, we are targeting Rs. 80 
crores, so that gives me the understanding that we are targeting Rs. 35 crores in H2, so why there 
is a decline? And some more highlights on what is the outlook now in bushings? What is the 
number you are targeting for FY26 and just like you highlighted the competition for cages side, 
if possible for you highlight competition on bushings for domestic market and global market? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, Amit, bushings run rate average quarterly was about 20 and we are on track may be Rs. 1 
crores to Rs. 2 crores here in there. It works on the sequence of the order. So, we are absolutely 
over Rs. 60 crores in 9 months and 100% over Rs. 80 crores. So, that is absolutely nothing 
structural or nothing to read about it in terms of whether there is a softening. On the contrary, 
we are very excited about it. The new Greenfield facility also has a decent increased capacity 
for bushing. Long term our target is bushings can take us too easily to Rs. 300 crores annual run 
rate over a period of time. So, nothing really negatives to read about it. 
Amit Anwani: 
What is the target, sir, for FY26? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
We don't have a clarity yet on that, but we are expecting to grow from whatever we have done 
in the year. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes, 50% growth minimum. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes, but lot of questions and uncertainties, a lot of things developing in that. 
Amit Anwani: 
What is the competition there, sir? Whom we are competing with on bushings, anyone from 
domestic market or global market? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
To the best of our knowledge, domestic competition is not present. Globally, there are the 
competitions out of Europe as well as strong competition out of China. And we don't have the 
names. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Amit Anwani: 
My question on Romania, you highlighted that again, we are in a wait and watch though we aim 
that the losses should cover up and we should be on track, so wanted to understand strategically 
how one should think operationally, we understand things have not been well for several years 
and the objective was to transit from semi-castings to the large cages and there is no panning out 
and we obviously don't see too much happening in next 3, 4, 5 quarters also. Is there any strategic 
thought that we want to make a change or any thought strategically? Are we following the same 
thing with the intent which we acquired the subsidiary? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Romania had started generating positive profit, then first came COVID. We had a hit again. And 
then while we thought that we are recovering, then came this geopolitical war and inflation and 
everything. So, in all honesty and to be very candid. Currently, it is a very tough situation in 
Romania because our strategy was to increase the share of cages maintaining the share of 
castings. Now right now what happened is casting is also down, and cages is not improving. So, 
therefore, there is a double-whammy. Secondly, it is not possible to just, so we are trying very 
hard for cost containment, how do we control the costs if you are not able to get the demand. So, 
I think currently the focus is cost containment and our teams are pushing very hard on trying to 
increase the sale of cages out of Romania, but the condition of whole Europe is such that overall, 
things are very difficult. So, I think as you very rightly surmised we don't see a dramatic 
improvement happening even next year. The first target is whether we can contain losses or 
reduce losses to the maximum, and that is what we are trying. To say anything beyond that is 
very difficult. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sir, what is the annual fixed cost there? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Let me take this offline. We will answer, no problem. 
Amit Anwani: 
Thank you so much. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. We have 
next question from the line of Prathamesh from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prathamesh: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to know the revenue for Q3 or 9 months 
for castings as well as bushings and basically the bifurcation of India engineering if you could? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
For some strategi reasons, we don't give the break up between castings and other products and 
we just generally cover the revenue the way we have shown in our presentation. 
Prathamesh: 
Sure, sir. Understandable. Thank you so much. That was all from my side. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Co. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, our solar EPC vertical, I think so, we were not very keen to grow, so what is the thought 
process now behind and what would be the outlook sir for this vertical and the thrust which the 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
government has provided on the solar installation and all if you could give some color and also 
sir they have lowered the allocation to railways this year in the budget than what it was earlier I 
think last year CAPEX was not completed? So what kind of outlook do you see especially 
government CAPEX led which effects the demand of our products? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Saket, on that railway and other things, again demand is a little bit subdued right now and we 
are expecting it relative to the peaks it will remain like that, so what you just mentioned, there 
is some impact on that. However, on the other end of that same segment, we are expecting to 
improve revenue from the fact that there is lot of metro implementation, and our products are 
now increasingly going into those bearings. All in all, we see that we expect the rail to continue 
to grow, maybe by reference to what you have just mentioned may not be as aggressive. And for 
the solar EPC, again it is a legacy. We had started this business while back and we had to scale 
it down because it has become a very competitive situation. The strategy here is to again create 
a sustainable positive business and we have from our earlier point of view, skilled it down. Now 
it is growing. And because there is policy incentive support in place from the government, so 
we are seeing decent growth. Our focus is on sustainable growth there and we are not trying to 
grab a very large project to increase our topline. Our focus is to remain sustainable and within 
our capabilities continue to execute solar EPC projects, so that is the single direction from long 
term we will see how to take this forward but that is…. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
What Vishal was saying Saket that the legacy inherited by Harsha in that bandwidth and focus 
remains absolutely into the business hardily any capital has been taken but because of current 
favorable policy regime and lot of investments happening, we are hedging projects and we will 
hold the same ecosystem continues to remain profitable. So, without too much of allocation this 
will be status quo. It will keep on growing because the work which has been going the normal 
growth which comes it focus on a very large, but what Vishal just conclude the business will 
continue at its current level more or less without any incremental bandwidth, we will remain 
completely focused on engineering part and this will go more or less the way it is going. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, we can also look to hive it off, let us say, it is in legacy it is okay but any importance to that 
envisage on it to continue under the Harsha vertical only, it can be hived out to a different 
segment altogether or any incentives that is derived in terms of Harsha Engineering brand for 
going for solar EPC, the rationale or? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Actually, it was in a separate company because of some reason. This has become part of Harsha 
but at this point in time, we will continue. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. We are not able to hear you. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Is it better, can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
No, Sir, the voice is still breaking. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Saket Kapoor: 
I will take it also offline. And the last point whenever it is can get connected about the other 
income component what are the key elements that contribute to the other income? Is it the cash 
on the books or if you could just give, then the net cash balance we have currently? 
Maulik Jasani: 
Other income breakup is available in our schedule; it is similar to our last year financial. There 
is nothing significantly changed and the cash and bank balance we have around Rs. 300 crores 
approximately. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, I will take offline. I think so we are on a very weak line. All the best to the team, sir. Thank 
you for answering patiently to all the questions and thank you. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Moderator, we may conclude the call, please. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. As that was the last question for today, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Sir, any closing comments from your side. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Thank you everyone for joining this call and appreciate your interest and enthusiasm about this 
and we hope you have a good evening. Thanks. Bye. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. On behalf of Harsha Engineers International Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
