ERTOZ 
Vertoz Limited (f.k.a. Vertoz Advertising Limited) 
CIN: L74120MH2012PLC226823 
t: +91 22 6142 6030 
Regd. Office.: 602 Avior Nirmal Galaxy 
LBS Marg Mulund West Mumbai 400080 India 
19th February 2025 
The Manager - Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: VERTOZ 
Series: EQ 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on 13th February 2025 
e: corp@vertoz.com 
w: www.vertoz.com 
Refere: Pursuant to Regulation 30 (2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
We would like to inform that pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are 
enclosing herewith the Transcript of Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We request you to kindly take the information on records. 
For Vertoz Limited 
(Formerly known as Vertoz Advertising Limited) 
Zill Shah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A51707 
Place: Mumbai 
Encl: A/a 
Zill Pankaj 
Shah
Digitally signed by 
Zill Pankaj Shah 
Date: 2025.02.19 
13:30:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“Vertoz Q3 & 9M FY-25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIRENKUMAR SHAH – PROMOTER & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, VERTOZ LIMITED  
VERTOZ 
VERTOZ 

 
Vertoz Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9-month FY25 Conference Call of 
Vertoz Limited. 
                                                If you require assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
followed by ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
                                                Please note that this conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the management as of the date of this call. 
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
                                                Joining us today from the management is Mr. Hirenkumar Shah—Promoter and Managing 
Director. We will commence the call with Mr. Hirenkumar Shah taking you through the 
operational and financial performance for the 3rd quarter and 9 months ended December 31st, 
2024. Following this, we will open the forum for Q&A. 
                                                With that said, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hirenkumar Shah—Promoter and 
Managing Director—for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Thank you and good evening, everyone. I would like to extend a warm welcome to Vertoz’s 
Earnings Conference Call for the 3rd Quarter and 9-month ended Financial Year ‘25. Thank you 
all for taking the time to join us.  
                                                I am happy to share that our latest results reflect a remarkable quarter growth in key financials 
across all our businesses. 
                                                Before delivering our quarterly performance, I would like to provide a brief overview for the 
Company: 
                                                A significant growth has been observed and projected in both domestic and international 
markets. Vertoz is a new age tech leading AI-driven MadTech and CloudTech Company 
operating across domestic and international markets. Our two large segments of revenue are 
MadTech and CloudTech, which are further divided into B2B and P2P.  
Performance highlights for the 3rd quarter ended December 31st, 2024: 
Revenue for the quarter was 66.20 crores in Quarter 3 of the financial year ‘25 compared to 
55.23 crores in Quarter 3 of the financial year ‘24, registering a growth of 19.86%. EBITDA 
stood at 8.28 crores in Quarter 3 Financial Year ‘25 as compared to 6.05 in Quarter 3 FY24, 
growing by 36.86%. PAT stood at 7.35 crores in Quarter 3 Financial Year ‘25 compared to 4.51 
crores in Quarter 3 Financial Year ‘24, up by 62.97%.  
Performance highlights for the 9 months ended December 31st, 2024: 
V ERTOZ 

 
Vertoz Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 10 
Revenue for the 9 months was 190.02 crores in the 9-month financial year ‘25 compared to Rs. 
126.80 crores in the 9-month financial year ‘24, registering a growth of 49.86%. EBITDA stood 
at 24.4 crores in the 9-month financial year ‘25 as compared to 16.57 crores in the 9-month 
financial year ‘24, growing by 45.08%. PAT stood at 19.64 crores in 9 months of Financial Year 
‘25 compared to 13.18 crores in 9 months of Financial Year ‘24, up by 49.01%. 
Operational highlights: 
                                                Contribution from MadTech and CloudTech is approximately 80% and 20%, respectively. 80% 
of business is international while 20% of business is domestic. Expanded our geographic 
footprint by opening a branch in Pune, expecting the Company's revenue to grow at 30% for 
Financial Year ‘25 and ‘26. Revenue of the Company has been growing at 27% and profit at 
17% for the last 5 years. Successfully executed campaigns for top tier media agencies and 
corporates particularly in BFSI, Real estate, hospitality and travel sectors.  
                                                We are very confident that we will continue to do well on the organic growth front, expanding 
geographically and assuring all our investors that we are confident of achieving Rs. 250 crore 
revenues for the current year with a 10% PAT margin in FY25. Given the economic policies of 
the newly elected US administration and their "Make the Country Great" campaign, we 
anticipate increased spending and economic expansion, which aligns well with our business 
strategy. Both our business segments, MadTech and CloudTech, are directly influenced by 
economic growth in industries such as BFSI, travel and real estate, and financial services. And 
startup fundraising as the spending on brands, travel and financial products are the major 
contributors of growth drivers for our businesses.  
                                                Having said that India is coming up very well on this front as the number of new startups raising 
funds to build their brands across the segments, real estate on the other hand is also doing well 
besides travel has been very strong for the last five years. The allocation of advertising spends 
towards digital and programmatic advertising for awareness, lead generation and conversions 
are increasing in the overall pie of the advertising and growing at the expense of print and 
television. The adoption of DOOH and Connected TV (CTV) advertising is also rising rapidly. 
DOOH, Digital Out of Home advertising is also becoming the standard while CTV transforms 
how audiences consume content on OTT platforms. We are on our journey of reaching around 
Rs.100 crores in profit after tax in the next 3 financial years through both organic and inorganic 
growth. We will make the investments required for achieving this growth, and we have already 
recruited the right team for this journey. The AdTech market is globally growing at 13.7%, 
whereas the MadTech market is growing even faster at 19.8%. Besides, cloud computing is 
growing at 14.1%, whereas the domain industry is growing at 8%. The rates are better than any 
industry standard and give us enough headroom for our growth. The rising focus on personalized 
marketing and AI analytics, video ads, and interactive content on platforms like YouTube, 
Instagram, TikTok, and IMARC are driving our campaign growth, both domestically and in the 
international market. 
                                                Over to you, ma'am.  
V ERTOZ 

 
Vertoz Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 10 
Moderator:                          Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. To ask a question, 
you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on the touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘2.’. Participants are requested to use handsets while 
asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. We have a first question from the line of Sanjeev Zarbade from DreamLadder 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Sanjeev Zarbade:                 Sir, my first question is regarding the outlook for margin expansion. Is there any scope you see 
for further expansion in the margin? 
Hirenkumar Shah:                Hello Sanjeev ji, nice talking to you. So, if you look at it overall, our current focus is to see how 
we are able to grab more market share. But definitely we have specific internal guidelines to not 
go for the EBITDA and PAT percentage. But at this point our major focus is to do, how do we 
expand ourselves heavily in the market, and we are investing a lot in our  people, geographical 
expansions, and many other things. So, definitely the moment we start getting that gear for that 
particular thing because of the multiple products that we have, it will help us in adding more 
ARPU, and that is the reason why the overall margin will grow. But at this moment, if you look 
at our EBITDA ranging between 12% to 15% and PAT is what in internal guidelines we have, 
we should have between 8% to 12% range. And you can see in the last quarter we did roughly 
around 10%. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Okay, and what would be the growth strategy? in cloud business?   
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, the Cloud business, if you look at the worldwide, I mean, there are a lot of awareness and a 
lot of expectations that are happening from individual enterprises as well as the government side. 
Specifically, it's related to data, right? So that is the reason why there are a lot of requirements 
this cloud is going to happen. Obviously, AI is another push to that because AI also requires a 
huge amount of web infrastructure to execute the same thing. So, there is a lot of demand we are 
also expecting on that, and I feel that there's a great scope over here to achieve good growth. 
And if you look at the overall market, which is roughly $2 trillion globally, like the market. 
opportunity. Sorry, you're saying something. 
Sanjeev Zarbade:                   Yes. The last question was regarding any other markets you see apart from the US market where 
you can kind of target growth. 
Hirenkumar Shah:               Correct. So currently, if you look at overall, India and the US are two major markets that we are 
focusing on. The third market we started with is the MENA region. Fourth is we already have 
started setting up an initial footprint in the UK market to cover the UK and Europe. And we did 
some setup in the HK to cater to the Southeast Asia market, and China market. But those are in 
the pipeline. Soon we will start to keep announcing that as soon as we are ready with the further 
expansion on those places. 
Sanjeev Zarbade:                 Okay, that's it from my side, and thanks for answering questions.  
V ERTOZ 

 
Vertoz Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your phone. We 
will take our next question from the line of Kashish, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Kashish:                                  Hi, good evening, sir.  
Hirenkumar Shah:                Good evening, Kashish. 
Kashish: 
My question is, the Company valuation has highly worsened in the past few days, which is highly 
concerning for the individual. investors. Despite the fact that we all know the market is going 
through a bad phase. But are we confident that things will improve in the coming days despite 
the change in the government regime from the US? 
Hirenkumar Shah:                I am sorry, can you repeat is there any? 
Moderator:                            Kashish, can you use your handset mode, please, and repeat your question?  
Kashish:                              Yes, sir. I was saying the valuations of the Company have worsened quite a bit in the last few 
days. So, which is highly concerning for the individual investors. Moreover, there is a change in 
the government regime for the US, which is our major contributor. As you said, 80% of revenues 
come from the US, right? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Correct. 
Kashish: 
So how do we see ourselves being positioned in the change in the regime of the government, 
and are we confident that things would improve in the coming days? 
Hirenkumar Shah:            Sure. So, first of all, I would like to clear here that over 80% of businesses are outside India, which 
is international business. This definitely includes US business significantly. But we are not only 
in the US, but our business is also spread across the globe, number one. Number two, if you look 
at the current US administration, which has changed, they have their country first, more focus 
on internal businesses more. If you look at our business model, it is more about advertising or 
providing a platform. So, we help each enterprise to grow further. So definitely this is going to 
help us to grow further instead of what we are seeing any negative on this part.  
Kashish:                                    What is the contribution from CloudTech and the MadTech business? Is the 50-50 contribution 
coming from both businesses? 
Hirenkumar Shah:                No. So, I just mentioned a few minutes back, it's around 70% to 80% on the MadTech side and 
20% to 30% roughly on the CloudTech side. 
Kashish:                                  Okay, CloudTech is 20% to 30%. One last question: Are there any plans for the dividend payouts 
and the improvement in the book value of the Company? Because the book value is really low, 
V ERTOZ 

 
Vertoz Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 10 
and then there is no dividend payout in the past few years in that. So, are we focusing on that 
part also in the interest of the individual investors? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Perfect. Thank you so much for this question, and I really appreciate this. So basically, if you 
look at the Company has shown, if you look at the last 3 years of data, we have grown, and we 
have given roughly 80% to 90% growth year-on-year. So, our focus right now is to see whatever 
maximum money you can deploy and the reserve that you can deploy to grow the further 
Company. That is what our requirement is if you look at the market size. India itself is roughly 
a 50,000-crore market of digital media last year, and this year is going to be around 69,000 to 
70,000 crores, and globally, it is roughly $4 trillion MadTech and $2 trillion CloudTech. So, I 
expect there's a lot of growth space available. At this point our focus is to grow further internally, 
whichever way we can grow. That is the reason we have not yet started. But yes, as soon as the 
board decides and anything comes up on that, we will definitely start working towards what your 
requirement is.  
Kashish: 
The book value is really low, I mean that's really concerning. Is there any particular reason the 
book value has been kept so low for the shares for the equities?  
Hirenkumar Shah: 
I didn't get you. 
Kashish: 
The book value is on the lower side. I mean in the accountings of the book value of the Company 
has been kept on a very lower side. Is there any reason for which or it's just..? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
No as such there is no reason for that.  
Kashish: 
There is no reason for that. 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
No. If you still have any specific question I can have my IR team, get back to you on this.  
Kashish: 
Right sir, thank you.  
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your phone. We will take 
our next question from the line of Harsh Vora from Dr Choksey Finserv Private Limited. Please 
go ahead.  
Harsh Vora: 
Hi sir, good evening. So, I have a list of questions starting with the first if you could throw some 
light on the campaign performance metrics. If you can provide insights into the number of 
campaigns executed during the year and the key performance trends that you must have 
observed? Specifically with regards to the domestic business, the kind of agencies we are 
working with and the brands, etc.  
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Sure. So, first of all, we have different businesses with different platforms under Vertoz. I hope 
you've seen those six major platforms, which we list on our websites as well, and we keep 
V ERTOZ 

 
Vertoz Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 10 
working with various different brands, either it is a P2P model or a B2B model. P2P is a partner-
to-partner and then further business, and B2B is directly to business. So, if I take the example of 
any mutual fund Company which is a customer of an agency and agencies are our customers. So 
now when we do business with an agency that is called a P2P business model, and then the P2B 
partner has maybe 10 mutual funds and maybe one mutual fund, one Bank, and another NBFC 
or anything as a customer, and they're serving that, and then they further give it to us. That is 
one model, and the second model is definitely a B2B, where we are directly working with those 
mutual funds and helping them to grow their brands globally. So, our business model is 
specifically designed in two of these things. Now when it comes to marquee customers, when 
you talk about the agencies in India, we work really closely with WPP Group, Dentsu Group, 
many other publishers, Madison, and all top agencies, where we keep working with them in a 
very close way, by executing their campaign as it comes to us. I hope I answered your question.   
Moderator: 
Can you use your handset mode please? Please go ahead. 
Harsh Vora: 
Yes. In the presentation I read there are about 2,000 plus campaigns delivered. If you can just 
quantify how much has been executed in this particular quarter? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, I do not have the right number in front of me in terms of how many exactly campaign had 
happened this quarter. But we are constantly keep getting more and more enquiries and we're 
constantly adding more and more sales team, which is getting a greater number of campaigns on 
a month-on-month and week-on-week basis. But I can definitely get back to you on how many 
campaigns we executed in this quarter.  
Harsh Vora: 
The second question with regards to the acquisition strategy and progress, I mean, what is the 
estimated size of the planned acquisition and where do we currently stand in terms of progress 
for the acquisition?  
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Okay, so you're talking about inorganic growth, right?  
Harsh Vora:  
Yes sir. 
Hirenkumar Shah:  
See, our internal team is working very closely with various different companies to identify good 
targets and we are very positive about few of the news which can come very soon. And as soon 
as it comes, we will definitely inform the exchange about our next move for that. But yes, we 
believe that there is a good opportunity in this space where consolidation can help to grow, and 
obviously that can complement each other to grow further fast.  
Harsh Vora: 
Right. So, this is regarding the acquisition of a North American Company that you have 
mentioned in the presentation, just going through it right now. You're talking on that, right? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Yes, we have a few North American companies as a part of a target list, and we are very closely 
working with them. And a few of the places we also got an LOI and we are just talking, working 
towards on how good they could fit with us. The moment we are able to do all due diligence, we 
will definitely announce at the exchange.  
V ERTOZ 

 
Vertoz Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Harsh Vora: 
Right. So, and regarding your domain business, if you can just update about how it is going and 
what shape is it taking right now? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, in the domain business, we currently have around 2.2 million domains under our portfolio, 
and we are just helping and growing at roughly 8% to 10% CAGR in that particular domain side, 
if you look at the industry side as well, we are India's second largest domain registrar, you have 
GoDaddy as the number one. And, we are keeping that, as this business is growing and adding 
more and more customers from India as well as abroad.  
Harsh Vora: 
All right, sir. And any other major competitors. I mean, how do you see the competitive 
landscape changing going forward?  
Hirenkumar Shah: 
First of all, I would like to say here that India, or globally, the COVID was a blessing in disguise, 
which has helped everyone to grow further and faster on the digital side. So, I believe that there 
is a lot of requirements of companies like us, which can help us in growing and helping those 
enterprises to grow faster. See, basically if you look at companies like us, it enables the 
companies to grow. So, we are generally kind of partners with any of the companies. So, I believe 
that there is a lot of requirements of companies like us to come and serve the customers at the 
moment because the pie is constantly increasing, and this pie requires those companies to serve 
them. So, I believe these companies are not competition, but we are complementing each other. 
If you look at like last year, we had around 50,000 crores as India’s market share as per the 
Dentsu’s latest report. And then this year, this is around 69,000-70,000 crores. So, if you look at 
that, 19% CAGR growth is what even everyone is expecting on that side. So, I believe that 
instead of competition we have to see that as a complement to each other and grow further on 
that.  
Harsh Vora: 
Right sir. So as of now in the market, you don't see anybody else giving the same services and 
offerings like your Company, right?  
Hirenkumar Shah: 
There are companies which are operating like us and definitely we are complementing each 
other. I mean, from giant to small as well on both sides. 
Harsh Vora: 
Right, sir. And any new product or service segments that you are going to enter in the future that 
are in talk right now or something like that? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, our R&D team and our internal product team is constantly evolving, and they're constantly 
working on developing new products. The moment the product is finalized, and we get the right 
GTM, or it is a go-to market strategy, we will definitely inform the exchange that we are ready 
with those products.  
Harsh Vora: 
Right, sir. And the last question, if you can just throw some light on the AI and how are you 
going to integrate AI as a business in the business offerings? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So basically, at Vertoz we are the early adapter of AI. We started using the AI and ML since 
long, till the time AI has become very popular, I mean word-of-mouth kind of thing recently by 
V ERTOZ 

 
Vertoz Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 10 
various tools which has come, as an end user tool. But when it comes to the companies like us, 
we had such things in the past because we are constantly working on a huge data. So, for example 
like we have a few terabytes of log files getting created on a platform on a daily basis, and we 
have to keep analyzing those data by using various machine learning structures. We are 
constantly using it, and the more AI structure becomes easier and adaptable for users also; we're 
also implementing more better things on our front panel as well, where we can start having our 
users use AI in a better way. So, AI is constantly helping us, and I am sure that in the future, AI 
will help us grow further fast. 
Harsh Vora: 
Right, sir. Just quickly one last question if you can just answer. How do you assess the business 
potential in US market following Trump’s administration and is there any other geography that 
you are planning to enter?  
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Yes Harsh, sorry, can you just repeat your last question? 
Harsh Vora: 
This is the last question. So how do you see business potential in the US market following 
Trump's administration and what are the other geographies that are helping to expand?  
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, if you look at the Trump’s, their election agenda, the campaign was ‘make the country great’. 
Now whenever anybody, any country wants to have such agendas, obviously they help on 
creating a lot of opportunities for internal companies and enterprises to grow further. So 
whenever even they want to grow, they obviously would like to have such advertising as a major 
thing to do to broadcast themselves. So, I believe that these are like a positive point for us and 
definitely this can help us to get more and more business from the enterprises who are growing 
further fast in the US. Like US obviously, there is a lot of good opportunity in the MENA region 
and South-east Asia as well as Europe. So, all of these regions, I mean a few of these regions 
has few things very advanced places and at the same time a few of the places it's in the 
developing but good opportunity. So, we're constantly evolving. But definitely at this moment 
our major focus was India, US, MENA region, and other part of the world, but majority in these 
three regions. But slow and steadily we are growing and expanding. And as I said in one of the 
last questions, we already had done a setup in UK so that we can cater the European market. But 
not yet started fully operational, same ways in the HK. We have done the basic background 
structure ready so that we can target China and South-east Asia market. But still it is under 
structure and we are still not yet started a lot of recruitment over there. The moment we are ready 
with that; we will definitely start on this.  
Moderator: 
Please use your handset mode, your audio is not clear. 
Harsh Vora: 
So, the 100 crores PAT that we are estimating in 3 years, will this be mostly inorganic acquisition 
or organic also will play some major part in this? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, we are hoping to get few inorganic as well as part of it. So, this will be combination of 
organic and inorganic both.  
V ERTOZ 

 
Vertoz Limited 
February 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Harsh Vora: 
Right sir, thank you sir. That was it from my end.  
Hirenkumar Shah:  
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Kashish, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
Kashish: 
Hello. Sir, you mentioned about the PAT which could be 100 crores in the coming 3 years. Is 
there any forecast about the turnover as well, the revenues in the coming 2 to 3 years of down 
the line?  
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So generally, as I mentioned, we will be in the range of PAT of around 8% to 12%. And that is 
what are our expectations that we should be in between that range. But definitely it will again 
depend on like what kind of acquisition we are able to do. Few may be strategic; few may be 
revenue generated, or few may be profit generated acquisitions. Obviously, that will be purely 
depend on how we further progress on those side of inorganic growth.  
Kashish: 
Sir, one more question. Despite all the fast-paced growth, there has been a consistent downfall 
in the share prices. Is there any particular reason? I mean, is there any promoter selling the stakes, 
FII lowering the stakes or the mutual funds moving out of stocks or it's just the macro sentiments 
of the market? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
See, basically, I mean industry has its own secondary market and its own way of behaving 
towards the various regions across the globe. So, we are not sure, I mean, I am a right person to 
comment on the secondary market side but on the Company’s side, we can definitely say that 
your Company is good growing, and we are working very hard to grow it further faster. 
Kashish: 
All right, sir. But there is no going concern kind of thing because there is a sharp decline and 
consistent downfall of the equity prices in the past few months.  
Hirenkumar Shah: 
No, I can understand pain over there, Kashish but there's something which is out of our purview. 
We are focused more on the business side than on looking at only on the stock price. Thank you.  
Kashish: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. On behalf of 
Vertoz Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining the call.  
V ERTOZ 
