 
February 3, 2025 
Sc no - 18585 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Discussion/Conference call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to 
our letter bearing sc no. 18571 dated January 15, 2025, we are enclosing herewith the 
transcript of the earnings/conference call for the third quarter and nine months  
ended December 31, 2024, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held 
on January 29, 2025. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.tatamotors.com. 
This is for information of the Exchanges and the Members. 
Yours faithfully,  
Tata Motors Limited 
Maloy Kumar Gupta 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
BSE Limited    
First Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051 
MALOY 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed 
by MALOY 
KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2025.02.03 
20:45:31 +05'30'

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
1 
 
Tata Motors Group  
 
Q3 FY25 earnings call transcript  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PB BALAJI – GROUP CFO, TATA MOTORS LIMITED  
MR. GIRISH WAGH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, TATA MOTORS LIMITED  
MR. SHAILESH CHANDRA – MD TMPVL AND TPEML 
Mr. G.V. RAMANAN, VICE PRESDIENT FINANCE, TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Mr. DHIMAN GUPTA, VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE, TMPVL and TPEML 
MR. ADRIAN MARDELL – CEO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER 
MR. RICHARD MOLYNEUX –CFO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER 
Presentation 
 
Anish Gurav 
 
Good day, and welcome to Tata Motors Q3 FY25 Earnings Call. Today with us are Mr. P. B. Balaji, 
Group CFO, Tata Motors; Mr. Girish Wagh, Executive Director, Tata Motors; Mr. Shailesh Chandra, 
MD, Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited; Mr. G. V. 
Ramanan, Vice President, Finance, Tata Motors Limited; Mr. Dhiman Gupta, Vice President Finance 
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited; Mr. Adrian 
Mardell, CEO, Jaguar Land Rover; Mr. Richard Molyneux, CFO, Jaguar Land Rover, and we also have 
our colleagues from the Investor Relations Team. 
Today, we plan to walk you through the results presentation followed by Q&A. As a reminder, all 
participants will be in listen-only mode and we will be taking questions via the Teams platform. The 
same is already open for you to submit the questions. You are requested to mention your name and 
the name of organization while submitting the questions. 
I now hand over to Balaji Sir to take over. Over to you, Sir. 
P.B. Balaji  
 
Thanks, Anish. Welcome, everybody. Standard Safe Harbor statement. I'll just draw your attention to 
the reported EBIT number deﬁnition that is out there where aligning with the TTL accounting 
treatment on the particular transaction with BMW that was there. So, just draw your attention on the 
EBIT. Any clariﬁcations, feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Next slide, please. 
An intensive quarter that was there and most importantly, quite an exciting Auto Expo that happened 
here in India and people who were there witnessed a fair amount of action on both the CV side and 
the PV side. Substantial amount of alternate powertrains, particularly on the Heavies that were put 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
2 
 
out and a lot of intelligent solutions, ADAS components that were also demoed on the CV side. And 
as far as the PV side, the standout was the launch of the all new Tata Sierra, as well as the Harrier EV 
that was there. And, of course, we showcased the concept, the next concept car on Avinya as well. 
So, a lot of action there, good excitement and the product oﬀensive continues from our side. And of 
course, on the JLR side, who would have missed the Jaguar launch? And I'm sure Richard and Adrian 
are going to talk about it in the coming slides as well. Also on the Range Rover Electric, it's now 
getting closer and closer to the launch and a very, very exciting launch coming up on that front. Next 
slide, please. 
On the numbers side, as far as the year is concerned, we are looking at a strong performance for the 
full year. Therefore, this quarter was an important one to deliver as far as our internal plans are 
concerned and overall, happy that we managed to deliver on the internal plan that we had guided 
you towards. Revenue was up 2.7% as well as EBIT, up 60 bps, and proﬁt before tax and exceptional 
items broadly ﬂat vis-a-vis last year, sequential improvement on these numbers and free cash ﬂow 
was Rs. 4,700 crores, resulting in a net debt closing at Rs. 19,200 crores. And on a year-on-year basis, 
the PBT is now a very strong Rs. 22,300 crores, up almost Rs. 3,000 crores over last year. Next slide, 
please. 
Source of growth, coming in from volume, mix and of course a lot of translation also in that, thanks 
to the recent rupee depreciation that we had as well as pound versus the dollar as well. And, overall, 
PBT improvement, JLR contributed handsomely to those numbers and EBIT going from 8.3% to 8.9% 
this quarter. Net automotive debt is Rs. 19,000 crores of which the domestic Indian business is back 
to net cash at Rs. 700 crores and JLR the remaining Rs. 12,300 crores, and Tata Motors Holdings 
Singapore. This debt reduction is obviously also translating into a sharp drop as far as the automotive 
ﬁnancing cost, interest cost is concerned both on a gross and net basis. And this is reassuring in terms 
of the more levers coming into play as far as the overall PBT is concerned. Next slide, please. 
On the corporate actions, before I hand it over to the businesses, the demerger is progressing well. 
We are expecting the NOC from the Stock Exchange and SEBI any time now, all ﬁled and done. 
Operational activities are in an advanced stage and progressing as per plan. And, therefore, we are 
expecting to have the appointed date as July 1st. If all goes well in terms of just dates from the 
honorable NCLT and eﬀective date is likely to be more like October this year. Tata Motors Finance, 
the creditors meeting completed. Final orders awaited from NCLT, and we do expect closure for this 
by end of this ﬁnancial year. And, on production-linked incentives, PLI, which has been an area of a 
lot of questions and interest in the last meeting, happy to say that we have received the eligibility 
certiﬁcate, and on that basis, we also whatever we claimed for last year of Rs. 142 crores has been 
fully received as cash and this came in the beginning of the year. It also gives us now the reason to 
also accrue for the past. And, therefore, wherever the DVA criteria has been met and techno-
commercial audit completed, we have accrued that. On that basis, we recorded Rs. 142 crores 
received and Rs. 209 crores for the accrual. And you also see on the slide, the contribution of that in 
the individual CV and PV. 
Let me now hand this over to Richard to take you through the JLR performance. Richard, over to you. 
Richard Molyneux 
 
 
Let's stop on this chart. This stunning car was certainly one of the highlights of the quarter. Okay. So 
let's move to the numbers. Next chart. So the summary for JLR is that Q3 was a solid robust quarter 
delivered in what's a very challenging market environment. At GBP7.5 billion, revenue is the highest 
Q3 revenue we have ever achieved oﬀ a wholesale volume of 104,000. EBIT at 9% is the highest Q3 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
3 
 
EBIT percent in a decade. PBT also remained strong, and we did deliver positive cash ﬂow. It's also 
relevant, however, to the year-to-date numbers in the bottom row of the chart, as Q2 was impacted 
by a quality hold, and this did beneﬁt Q3. So looking at the bottom half of the chart, wholesales within 
1% of last year, and revenue marginally up. EBIT is down  0.5 point, but PBT up. Cash ﬂow is materially 
lower, and I'll talk about that speciﬁcally on a later chart. Next chart. 
So I won't go through this chart in detail, as per usual. All the points that are mentioned on it I'll cover 
in the following charts. That's for your reference. So next chart. 
And this looks at wholesale performance. The narrative here is best also shown in the year-to- date 
numbers below. The wholesales, 290,000 units virtually ﬂat last year, but Jag volumes, as we 
progressively end the existing range, did fall by 16,000. Discovery was ﬂat, so the compensating gains 
are in the higher margin Range Rover brand in particular. The same story is for the quarter in the 
top half of the page. Jaguar down, Discovery ﬂat, Defender and Range Rover up, and that really helps 
our mix as we drive our business forward. 
The next chart looks exactly the same, but on a regional basis. I won't say performance was solid for 
most regions, but there are two that stands out. Firstly, China in Q3 did see noticeably lower sales as 
we acted to normalize retailer stock positions and stabilize our retailer network in a very tough 
market. Even with that year-to-date on wholesales, we're only 4.5% down in China on our import 
vehicles. However, secondly, I'd like to call out the strong oﬀsetting performance in the U.S. There 
have been some homologation and timing beneﬁts in Q3, but year-to-date we're up 25% in the U.S. 
as our brands continue to really resonate with U.S. clients. Next page. 
So this page takes our proﬁt before tax in the same quarter last year, GBP627 million, to the proﬁt 
before tax this quarter of GBP 523 million. From the left, the volume and mix was strongly positive. 
We sold 3,400 more cars, but more importantly, 70% of the cars we sold in the quarter were Range 
Rover, Range Rover Sport, and Defender, versus only 62% in the prior year. That mix eﬀect more than 
oﬀset the adverse eﬀect from lower China sales. You'd also note that in this quarter that we took a 
charge of GBP 30 million reﬂecting increasing price expectations of U.S. emissions credits as BEV sales 
penetrations in the U.S. slows, impacting the availability of those credits. In the next column, VME 
was up versus last year at 4.2% versus 1.7%. We are not immune to the market conditions, but the 
real focus on building brand equity does provide some shield, and the VME on Range Rover, Range 
Rover Sport and Defender is below that average. In the next column, we do have the goal of oﬀsetting 
VME changes with cost savings, which, as you can see in the middle column, was not the case this 
quarter. We did have material cost and manufacturing savings of GBP37 million, but we know we 
need to do more to drive those levels up. The bigger adverse within contribution costs was a 
signiﬁcant warranty charge in the quarter. About half of this variance was either mix, that's more cars 
sold in the U.S., where warranty costs are high, annual inﬂation adjustments or other one-oﬀs. The 
balance, however, reﬂects the fact that although quality is improving and the number of repairs is 
falling, the type of repairs and the cost to ﬁx them is rising. And from an accounting perspective, this 
has to be reﬂected in the provision forecast. Bringing down the cost of quality and further improving 
our levels of quality are signiﬁcant areas of management focus. Oﬀsetting this in the next column 
within structural costs is lower D&A, as we've ceased car manufacture at CB and extended the life of 
our ICE portfolio. Operational FX was negative, though oﬀset by a very eﬀective hedge portfolio, but 
the weakness in sterling in the quarter did impact our balance sheet revals, as you can see there. So, 
bottom line, some really strong points in the quarter, but some obvious care points that we're well 
aware of and very actively tackling. Next chart. 
 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
4 
 
This chart, which walks PBT to cash ﬂow, also shows a generally positive picture. Cash proﬁt after tax 
remained very strong. Second best Q3 ever for JLR and only 6% below the record of GBP1.24 billion 
last year. So even though investment was higher and more of that on next page and working capital 
neutral, free cash ﬂow was GBP 157 million and GBP 131 million year-to-date. This is down on our 
bumper year last year, and you can see why in the data rows below the graph. Firstly, cash proﬁt after 
tax was cumulatively GBP 250 million lower, which is essentially the eﬀect of higher VME. Investment 
was GBP 560 million, higher as our main products launches now approach, and there was GBP 440 
million of working capital timing diﬀerences that will reverse back out in Q4. Net of those timing 
diﬀerences free cash ﬂow would have been considerably higher. Next chart. 
So this looks at investment, and investment did peak just over a GBP1 billion in Q3. That is largely 
around timing of the very signiﬁcant number of prototype builds we have going on at the moment 
for our EMA architecture, our MLA architecture, and our JEA architecture, but also supplier milestone 
payments. Cumulatively, year-to-date, we've spent GBP 2.9 billion, and I expect Q4 return to at or 
below H1 levels. We've got capitalization rates in the quarter were 67%, which is fairly much in line 
with H1. Next chart. 
So looking to the future, as we look forward, we see a market that is as challenging as it is 
unpredictable. China will remain a theme, less for us about the impact of their BEVs on our global 
markets, but more in terms of how, when, if the domestic market and the retailer environment can 
improve. Tariﬀs and a progressive breakdown of global free trade are a concern, as is the disconnect 
between consumer demand for BEVs and government emission regulations. We're not standing 
still on any of these. I'll talk more about China in a minute, and we are in very close discussions with, 
for example, the U.K. government on the other points. But it is also down to us to respond on the cost 
side, to improve our resilience through driving material cost, cost of quality, and our structural base 
down, and we're very well aware of this. 
So if I move to the next chart, I turn to breakeven on the left-hand side. We worked very hard to get 
it down, and we will work equally hard to keep it down. And this, despite an investment peak this year 
and next, you can see our main focal points on the right-hand side, keep driving brand proﬁtability 
and top-end oﬀerings. We are, for example, we're in a situation, we've just launched the Defender 
OCTA. We already have six months order cover. We're increasing further our rigor on capital allocation 
and stopping projects that aren't meeting hurdle rates. We will drive material cost, cost of quality, 
and our footprint down, and our focus on after sales proﬁt will be very strong after a year, particularly 
badly hit by warehouse consolidation issues. And, we will focus on bringing up working capital in all 
areas of our business. These things are necessary for us to succeed in the world we will face, and we 
are committed to do them. Next page. 
So, two very speciﬁc updates as promised. Jaguar next, but ﬁrst China. China was only 9% of our 
wholesale mix in Q3, down from 15% last year. And this is due to a market that's the premium ICE 
segments in which we operate, that have been down markedly as you can see on the left hand side in 
the graphics. This along with high discounting, dealer insolvencies and credit availability have all had 
an eﬀect. On balance, our 6% year-to-date retail decline on imported cars doesn't look that bad, but 
our locally produced cars operating in more competitive BEV impacted segments suﬀered more, down 
27% as you can see. We focused on responding with speed, with impact. We are supporting retailers 
by focusing marketing and sales eﬀort on the higher margin Range Rover. We had Range Rover retails 
up 33% in the quarter and we're also reducing day's supply to lessen discount pressure. 
Our existing local Jaguars are coming towards the end of their production and our exciting Freelander 
launch in 2026. There'll be new energy vehicles with a China cost base and an amazing market 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
5 
 
potential. Next chart. 
Jaguar, I doubt you would have missed the brand relaunch. It was always our intent to be bold and 
disruptive and get people talking about Jaguar again. Being noticed, not forgotten. And remember 
new Jaguar is very diﬀerent. Repositioned a luxury, for exuberance, for sportiness, where it always 
was successful. You can see the launch numbers below. Almost 1 billion opportunities to see, 15,000 
press articles and already 26,000 customers with expressions of interest. We know that the customer 
base of the new cars needs to evolve, to be wealthier, be younger. And you can see bottom right, 
this is exactly what we've achieved. New Jaguar in the dark color is much more focused on the 18 to 
44 year-old proﬁle and 56% of those that search new Jag online are higher income households. So 
we've taken the ﬁrst step. We've broken the inertia and cut through. Now, it's down to the cars. I 
actually drove it yesterday around our test track. Not only does it look amazing, with 1,000 PS, it's 
incredible to drive. I got out buzzing and remember I work in ﬁnance. Next chart. 
Back to the numbers. Looking ahead, please focus on the headline. We are holding full year guidance 
for EBIT margin and net cash positive. It does mean we need a stellar Q4, but seasonality is always 
strong for us in Q4. So with the following wind and no surprises, we can do it. That means cash 
generation of GBP1.143 billion versus the GBP892 million last year. And it means Q4 EBIT of over 10% 
versus 9.2% last year. It's tough but it's possible and what a successful year that would make it. 
That's where I wanted to end. I'll be around obviously for any questions after we conclude the rest of 
the presentations. Thank you. 
 
  P.B. Balaji 
 
Thanks, Richard. Let me now hand it over to Girish and Ramanan to take you through the CV section. 
 
Ramanan GV 
 
Thank you, Balaji. So on the Vahan market share if you look at our YTD performance, trucks and 
passengers continue to perform better and are trending higher than FY 24 from a market share 
perspective. However, there has been a drop in the SCV market share versus FY24 and actions are 
underway to improve competitiveness. Can we go to the next page please? 
On the overall ﬁnancials, Q3 revenue of Rs.18.4K Crores was 8.4% lower year-on-year. But despite 
lower revenue, there is improvement in margin which is led by cost saving and further accretive is PLI 
beneﬁt on this. On a Y-o-Y basis, EBITDA and EBIT improved by 130 bps and 100 bps, respectively. On 
a YTD basis too, which you see at the bottom end of the chart, the trend was similar. Overall, the 
ROCE remains robust at 38.1%. To the next page, please. 
This kind of shows the EBIT walk. So as we shared in the earlier page, we delivered a higher EBIT 
margin despite lower volume. The variable cost saving provided a strong oﬀset to the volume impact 
that we had, the dip that we had. And PLI approvals as Balaji had shared in the beginning was secured 
in the quarter and accrued and were further EBIT accretive for us. So overall, it helped deliver an EBIT 
of 9.6%, which is an improvement of 100 bps over the same period quarter last year. 
I will now request Girish to kind of provide the business update. 
 
 
 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
6 
 
Girish Wagh 
 
Go next. Right. So I think after a double-digit decline in Q2 on a Y-o-Y basis, I think the industry if I 
may say kind of rebounded in terms of volumes and volumes remained ﬂat on a Y-o-Y basis. But 
amongst the segments, it is the buses and vans segment which continues to do very well. It grew 11% 
on a Y-o-Y basis, Small commercial vehicles grew 3%, ILMCV remained ﬂat, the heavy commercial 
vehicles declined by 9%. However, the decline was much higher in Q2, so on a qoq basis, there was 
a growth in heavy commercial vehicles. 
The utilization has started growing in all the segments on a quarter-on-quarter basis, especially 
towards the end of November, there has been a good growth in utilization. Freight rates have also 
improved, as you can see in the graphs, which is in line with seasonal trends. The diesel consumption, 
which had dropped by almost 15% on a Y-o-Y basis, improved in Q3 to a 5% growth on a Y-o-Y basis 
that is a very good sign indicating higher utilization. Transporter proﬁtability has improved marginally, 
of course, with improved utilization levels. Our internal metric, which is Customer Sentiment Index, 
has also improved, although marginally, but after a good monsoon has improved and we have seen a 
good improvement happening, especially in tippers. Commodity prices remained range-bound in Q3. 
Going ahead. Highlights for Tata Motors commercial vehicles, so I think our volumes remained ﬂat or 
declined by 1% Y-o-Y, which is after a 19% decline in second quarter. As I said, heavy commercial 
vehicles, intermediate, light, medium and passenger carriers continue to perform better on a YTD 
basis and therefore growing market shares. 
The passenger carriers grew by 30%, ILMCV by 3% and even medium commercial vehicles grew in 
double digits. For us, the digital contribution to retail is now at a healthy above 20%, so, 24% in Q3, 
which is 20% higher than the previous year. We continue to launch new products, more than 50 during 
the quarter as also followed by a signiﬁcant showcase happening during Bharat Mobility Global Expo. 
As Ramanan mentioned, cost reductions as well as the PLI approvals, PLI amount help us improve the 
margins. On electric mobility, we delivered more than 200 buses in Q3 and now have more than 3,500 
buses operating. In ACE, we have now delivered more than 7,200 vehicles. On a Y-o-Y basis in Q3, 
the ACE EV volumes have grown by 26%. On a YTD, Y-o-Y basis, the ACE EV volumes have grown 
by almost 40%. We continue to work with corporate customers apart from government as well as 
retail customers, but we added 10 corporate customers in Q3. We have now total 70 of them and we 
are helping them on their decarbonization journey. Within the organization, our sustainability targets 
are on track and very happy to note that one of our plants at Lucknow actually received the Zero 
Waste to Landﬁll Certiﬁcation, which is a critical component of the circularity initiative. In Smart City 
Mobility Solutions, we surpassed a very important milestone, which is more than 260 million 
kilometers were covered with more than 95% uptime. The deployment under CESL tender is now 
towards the end, we should be completing it now and more than 2,400 buses are deployed. Based on 
the performance of these buses, BMTC asked for additional 148 buses, for which we have already 
signed the contract. And these buses are consistently delivering above the contractual performance, 
although operating in heat as well as very cold weather of Srinagar. 
Coming to digital business, so Fleet Edge now has more than 760,000 active vehicles on platform, 
which also translates into more than 300,000 customers and a large share of that are active and 
engaged users. More than 81% users are active on a monthly basis and almost 61% on a weekly basis. 
Fleet Edge subscription continues to grow at a very healthy rate as we keep on adding more and more 
value adds. Our machine learning based fuel eﬃciency solution, the Mileage Sarathi continues to 
deliver more than 5% improvement in real-life operating conditions. And we are extending the 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
7 
 
presence of this across multiple segments. E-Dukaan, our digital space for selling spares, now has 
36,000 registered buyers. And they are selling more than 30,000 stock keeping units. An artiﬁcial 
intelligence based image search is now live on E-Dukaan, which is leading to signiﬁcant convenience 
to the customer. Our online vehicle sales platform, which is Fleet Verse, achieved more than 11,000 
platform assisted retails in Q3, so this also continues to grow quarter-over-quarter.  
Coming to Bharat Mobility Global Expo, so Balaji has already given a glimpse of what we showcased 
there. To add to that, we have also unveiled the new theme, brand theme or brand position of Tata 
Motors Commercial Vehicles, which is Better Always. And, this is in line with the changing 
demographics of customers, other stakeholders and their expectations of the company. And with this 
repositioning, we are now endeavoring to deliver better in every moment with an objective to help 
customers be more successful. In terms of products and oﬀerings, we had six battery electric vehicles, 
many of which are close to commercial launch. We also demonstrated the ﬁrst hydrogen internal 
combustion engine truck, which will now take part in hydrogen pilot as a part of government's 
hydrogen mission plan. We also demonstrated the range of alternate fuel options, so biofuel, ﬂex-
fuel, CNG, LNG. We also showcased two new generation architectures, modular architectures and 
also two very high-end special applications, especially in heavy commercial vehicles. In terms of the 
solutions, we also had showcase of Fleet Edge, Fleet Care, E-Dukaan, Smart City Mobility, as also 
Re.Wi.Re, which attracted lot of attention during the entire expo. That's it.  
I think that's the last one. I think going ahead, for the last quarter, a very important one for the 
commercial vehicle industry, and as you know, the Q4 is generally seasonally strong quarter. I also 
spoke about some of the green shoots in terms of utilization, customer sentiment, diesel 
consumption, etc. So we are looking forward to this quarter in terms of improved Y-o-Y performance 
as we have seen moving from Q2 to Q3. I think, our focus will be to continue to drive the value selling 
agenda in trucks and buses and thereby delivering more value propositions for customers. Within SCV 
pickup, our focus is on increasing penetration in pickups to the front-end transformation as also 
leveraging some of the newly launched vehicles. We will continue to grow in the downstream business 
in terms of service and spare penetration. In international market, we will continue to maintain shares 
and improve channel health. And of course, we will continue our execution of net zero and circularity 
initiatives. So that's all from commercial vehicles. Balaji, back to you. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
 
Yes, thanks, Girish. Let me now hand it over to the PV team, Dhiman and Shailesh. Dhiman, over to 
you. 
 
Dhiman Gupta 
 
Thank you, Balaji. Yes. This quarter saw the highest ever retails in the industry on the back of a strong 
festive period in the month of October and a traditionally strong December before the calendar year-
end. We were able to draw strong retails during this period on the back of marketing campaigns 
around the new launches of Nexon CNG and Curvv, as well as a festive period oﬀers. We were able to 
improve our market shares by 0.7% in this period on a quarter-on-quarter basis. The strong retails in 
this period also ensured that we were able to exit the year and reduce the dealer inventory to less 
than 25 days. 
Our SUV portfolio continues to grow strongly on the back of Nexon CNG and Curvv, but we have seen 
negative, i.e. adverse salience on our hatches and sedans, which has meant that our market share 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
8 
 
has remained muted. Our multiple powertrain strategy continues to augur well. CNG penetration has 
now increased to 24% with Nexon CNG being the latest addition to the portfolio. Diesel and EV 
penetration remains stable. Next slide, please. 
In terms of EV offtakes, our offtakes in the personal segments remain strong with a growth of 15% on 
a year-on-year basis. Overall, EV offtakes growth is lower at 6%. That's largely because of the decline 
that we have seen in the ﬂeet segment once the FAME II incentives fell oﬀ in Q4 last ﬁscal. Despite 
the very strong competition that we have seen in the last few quarters, the new launches from 
competition, we have still been able to manage our market share at greater than 53% because of the 
wide portfolio that we have maintained at diﬀerent price points ranging from Rs. 8 lakh to Rs. 22 
lakhs. Next slide, please. 
In terms of ﬁnancials, as I mentioned, this quarter we had very strong retails, but at the same time we 
balanced our offtakes to ensure that we exit the year with a lower inventory, which had been a 
problem in previous quarters. Our offtakes, still our offtakes for the quarter was up by 10,000 and it 
meant that our quarter-on-quarter revenue and revenues have gone up from Rs. 11,700 crores to Rs. 
12,400 crores. EBITDA margins for PV and EV put together came in at 7.8%. This obviously reﬂects 
about 150 bps impact for the PLI approval that we took in Q3 FY 25. Without the PLI, EBITDA margins 
would have been ﬂat. 
In terms of proﬁtability walk on a year-on-year basis, PBT in Q3 FY24 was at Rs. 408 crores. We have 
seen an adverse realizations in this period, partly because of high discounting in the industry and ICE 
side to clear out inventory. We've also passed on signiﬁcant localization beneﬁts and battery price 
reductions to the consumers for mainstreaming of EVs. Nearly all of it, if you see the amount of Rs.300 
crore that reﬂects the structural cost reductions that we've taken on the ICE side as well as the 
localization and battery savings kind of oﬀsetting a large part of it. We continue to invest in our 
existing and future products and which is why the D&A and PDE has gone - the Rs. 171 crores increase 
is largely because of the increase of D&A and PDE on a year-on-year basis. But, the PLI approval that 
we now see coming in will help sustain the investments going forward. Overall, Rs. 100 crore decline 
in proﬁtability. 
On the ICE segment, our EBITDA margins declined by about 1% from 8.5% to 7.3%. Largely it's an 
impact of adverse realizations, and on the EV side, our reported EBITDA margin was at 10%. Impact 
of PLI was about 8.3%. So without PLI, our EBITDA margins would still have been positive at 1.7%. 
Structurally, you see a steady improvement in proﬁtability on the EV side and without PDE, our EBITDA 
margin was 1.7%. And this quarter on a like-for-like basis, without PLI, it would have been about 5%. 
So, a steady improvement in overall proﬁtability on the back of battery cost savings and the structural 
interventions we keep taking in our portfolio. Next slide, please. 
 
Yes, thank you, Dhiman. So giving an update of Q3. Starting with the industry, I think the demand in 
quarter three because of festivities and the December, year-end demand was very strong and we saw 
industry witnessing a recovery to the extent of 8% in terms of registration year-on-year. As far as 
segments are concerned, SUVs grew by 16% year-on-year and the salience increased from 50% to 
54%, but this came at the cost of double-digit de-growth in hatches and sedans. In quarter three, as 
Dhiman also mentioned that industry saw a channel inventory reduction ahead of the New Year. 
However, this has come at higher levels of discount in the industry. 
As far as EV segment is concerned, we saw an increase in registrations by 23% year-on-year. This has 
come on the back of new products supporting the growth. As far as Tata Motors is concerned, for us 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
9 
 
Calendar Year 24 was the fourth consecutive year of highest ever volumes at 562,000 units. Punch for 
the ﬁrst time was the number one model in the industry in the year 2024, a product which we 
launched in 2021. And also, we remain strong number one in this ﬁnancial year also so far. As far as, 
we also achieved in quarter three the highest ever registrations and with moderation in wholesale, 
we were able to bring down the channel inventory below 25 days. Despite all the competition heating 
up in the EV segment, we maintained our market leadership with highest ever personal segment 
registrations in quarter three, although ﬂeet was challenged. Next slide please.  
Talking about Bharat Mobility Global Expo 2025, we participated this month at Bharat Mandapam and 
we were honored to be visited by Honorable Prime Minister and other senior dignitaries. The theme 
of our stall was journey to a boundless future on three pillars, which was boundless exploration given 
the praise of SUVs, boundless protection, giving more exposure to the people who came to see the 
Expo increasing their awareness on safety and what goes behind making safe cars. And also, you 
know the sustainability, future facing sustainability. So, we showcased Harrier EV, which was received 
with signiﬁcant interest. Also, we showcased the Sierra ICE, which became one of the biggest 
attractions of the show. Also we showcased the new generation luxury Avinya X concept, which was 
also a crowd favorite. And the newly launched model year 2025, Tiago and Tiago.ev, which comes 
with signiﬁcant technology enhancements, were also on display. 
In addition, we also showcased our multi powertrain capabilities, ﬁrst time showcasing the Punch ﬂex-
fuel concept, which is capable of running on ethanol. We also had an interactive EV zone, which was 
not about only showing products, but the strong ecosystem that we have been developing, including 
charging and battery recycling. Also, we revealed a new premium line for our SUV portfolio, which 
was Stealth, where power and sophistication converge in perfect harmony. Overall, we received about 
5 lakh visitors across the exhibition days, who had a signiﬁcant opportunity to view our products and 
interact with our teams. This really shows that we continue to invest very strongly, both on the ICE 
side and the EV side. Next slide please. 
So, going forward in Q4, a key focus is going to remain in terms of driving growth by capitalizing on 
the low-channel inventories and healthier dealer network, also leveraging the new refreshes, the 
Tiago 2025 and Tigor 2025. And also, we came with re-varianted Nexon, signiﬁcantly bringing down 
the number of variants and positioning each variant very strongly from a competitiveness 
perspective. We also identiﬁed some key micro-markets, we will focus on driving demand and 
increasing our market penetration there. And, we are taking structural actions in terms of driving EV 
penetration, including the Tata.ev charging network. 
So, back to you, Balaji. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
 
Thanks, Shailesh. Quickly, wrapping up the rest of the numbers, from a cash perspective, overall CV 
and PV going strong. This quarter, on a YTD basis, we delivered about Rs. 2,500 crores of cash and 
we should be now positioned to drive this further in the coming quarter. Apologies, quarter three, we 
delivered Rs. 2,500 crores of cash and this is something that is likely to increase even further in the 
coming quarter because of the seasonal impact that will always be there. And most importantly, all 
the signiﬁcant step-up in Capex, completely getting funded by the cash proﬁts. Next slide, please. 
Investments continue at pace, we are on track for delivering the numbers, about Rs. 6,000 crores have 
been spent so far. So, we are in line with the Rs. 8,000-odd crores that we indicated we will be 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
10 
 
spending this year. Next slide. 
Looking ahead, we do expect the underlying domestic demand to improve gradually on account of 
infra spends, slew of exciting product launches that Shailesh talked about and stable interest rates. 
And JLR wholesales are likely to improve further in Q4, backed by retail growth. However, we do 
remain watchful on the overall demand situation, particularly in China. And the business has taken 
through the priorities in detail. 
Let me now stop here and hand it over for the questions that will be there. With this, let me move 
into the question queue that is already built up, quite a nice set of queue, very probing questions out 
there. 
 
Questions and Answers section 
 
P.B. Balaji  
Let me ﬁrst start with JLR, the most liked question is sitting there. Do use the like button to push it, 
that way I will also know that we are answering all your relevant questions out there. 
Question coming your way, Richard. For a JLR FY25 revenue and ROCE target, this is from Raghu, 
Nuwama, ROCE targets have been cut. Can you indicate the reasons, please? Can you also talk of 
demand expectation for FY26? Would you expect challenges in the key regions? And how much 
would the inventory levels at dealers be at this point in time? And, other point that is picked up is 
obviously deprecation has reduced signiﬁcantly and you alluded to that in your discussions. Will it 
continue at these levels? 
Richard Molyneux 
Okay. Let me try and take those progressively. So revenue and ROCE targets have been cut a little bit. 
This is the eﬀect of what happened in China during the course of the year, impacting our volume in 
China, and hence our revenue. When you take revenue down, then the EBIT impact and the ROCE 
targets are a natural ﬂow through. So it's driven by the same thing, the move in the China market that 
I don't think anybody anticipated when we set our target set for FY25 a year or so ago. 
Can you talk to demand expectations for FY26? 
I think Balaji said it. I think in many regions of the world, it is okay. In China, it is not. And we need 
some time, I think, as the rest of the industry to work out whether what's going on in China is cyclical 
and it will rebounce, whether it will not rebounce or whether it will go further down from here. I think 
the jury's out on that. It would be too easy to say it will just rebound. So we are being cautious in 
China. And links into your other point, we are very focused on making sure that dealer inventory levels 
in China are kept at reasonable levels because that is what drives retailer margin and retailer margin 
is key to make sure that the retailer network stays healthy. And that is an important point for us. So 
maintaining inventory levels at dealers, I think, is also more important in China than it is in some other 
parts of the world. 
Depreciation has been reducing signiﬁcantly. It will stay relatively ﬂat at these new levels next year. 
We have already taken the moves in terms of moving out our end production of ICE vehicles that 
we would expect. So we don't have any more moves planned at this time. So I expect D&A will be 
pretty much at these levels, until we start to launch the BEV vehicles, which will be Range Rover BEV 
ﬁrst in November next year. That will start then impacting the D&A charge primarily as of Q4 next 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
11 
 
ﬁnancial year. So for the next three quarters, it will stay roughly there.  
P.B. Balaji  
Thank you. Thanks, Richard. Shailesh, this is coming your way, in terms of India PVs, this is from Kapil 
Singh. We are hoping for some market share gains with the Curvv launch, any thoughts and what kind 
of volume growth are you expecting next year, both for the industry and for Tata Motors? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
Okay. Thanks, Kapil, for the question. I think Curvv last time also I had mentioned that we were not 
able to fully leverage this launch because of the ramp-up issues, as well as inability to launch all the 
variants because of some delays on the supply chain side. 
I think ramp-up issue this month has been taken care of, as far as engines are now concerned. 
Whereas the new variants, especially the automatic variants have got delayed, but should be launched 
in this quarter itself, at least one of them. So, that should give the full potential of this product to 
unleash itself. 
Having said that, there is also an issue of awareness about the new body style. And typically when you 
launch a new body style, it grows over a period of time. It needs to be seen on the roads for people 
to fully understand the unique styling of this product. And we have gone through this journey in 
Nexon, as well as Punch, being completely new whitespace products. And we have seen Nexon going 
from 4,000 to 16,000 since the time of launch, as well as Punch growing from 7,000 odd numbers in 
2021 to 16,000, 17,000 or so. So we are very conﬁdent that as more and more Curvv's are seen on the 
road, and some of the marketing campaigns that we are going to run, it is going to really see huge 
traction and should start adding to the market share for the company. 
P.B. Balaji  
Thank you. And of course, growth rates that you expect for the industry and Tata Motors? 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yes. So far in this ﬁnancial year, at least we have seen that industry has been more ﬂattish. Nine 
months, we have seen just 2% growth and that is the kind of growth that we are going to see in FY 25. 
There has been a lot of volatility in the demand that we have seen from a retail perspective month 
after month. So one month it goes sharply up and then it goes down. And that's the trend that we 
have been seeing. It has to do more with the larger macro economy. And hopefully, if there is enough 
stimulus in the budget and the macroeconomic indicators start turning good, then the industry should 
come back to 6% to 7% growth rate in FY26, but we have to really watch out the next one quarter, 
how it pans out and really what government announces more from a consumption-led growth 
perspective. So, we have to see that. 
 
 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
12 
 
P.B. Balaji  
Got it. Thank you. Dhiman, maybe I'll just pass this question on to you. PV, EV, this is from Binay, 
Morgan Stanley. PV, EV India margins, adjusting for PLI incentives, we have seen a sharp quarter- on-
quarter margin improvement, what's driven that? And what are the sustainable EV margin we should 
be thinking of? And linked to that is also a question on PLI, where PLI incentive as a percentage of EV 
sales looks low, how to think about this number going ahead. 
Dhiman Gupta 
 
Yes. So, Balaji, as I mentioned in my slides, even without PLI, this is the ﬁrst time our EBITDA has turned 
positive, and it's about 1.7% without taking any beneﬁt of PLI. Structurally, our margins have been 
improving because of better mix of Curvv and some deep localization beneﬁts that have been doing,  
improvements of battery packs. And some of those interventions we will keep doing in the near term, 
but a lot of those beneﬁts will also get passed on to the customers for mainstreaming of EVs. The way 
we would look at it that without PLI, we would be breakeven at an EBITDA level, and PLI helps fund 
some of the capex investments we are doing, as well as some of the market development activities 
that we need to do. 
P.B. Balaji  
Yes, that probably addresses the question that's later coming through from Kapil saying that how 
should we be looking at EV margins, including PLI, as you may be factoring it in your pricing, or more 
could be passed on. 
Kapil, to answer that question slightly diﬀerently, if you recollect, when we did the whole TPG deal, 
we talked about investments of almost $2  billion in the EV business. About $1 billion of it came from 
TPG, and I always maintain that close to about $800 million would come from the PLI beneﬁts. So, PLI 
was an important part of the investment plan that we are putting through behind EVs. And, therefore, 
this money that's coming in, just reconﬁrms that the intervention that is there, now that the $1 billion 
has already come in, this also means the rest of the funding is also coming through PLI as we execute 
our plans for the coming years. So, that augurs well in terms of the continued investment that we see 
on EVs from our side. 
Let me now move to JLR. I think this is from Nishit Jalan. I'm sure there's a question that's been 
expected by a lot of people saying that in light of the subdued demand and pricing environment, how 
do you plan to achieve your EBIT margin target of 10% in FY26? What will be the key drivers? 
Nishit, before I pass it to Richard, just a clariﬁcation. Right now, we have conﬁrmed the guidance for 
the current year. We always update our guidance only by end of the year as part of the Investor Day. 
So, until such time, the current guidance stays. Having said that, how we are thinking about the margin 
improvement from here on, I think that's obviously an extremely relevant question, which Richard, I'll 
invite you to comment on. 
Richard Molyneux 
Yes, sure. So, from EBIT margin, I mean, you'll have worked out that Q4, we need to be over 10% in 
order to be able to hit our full year EBIT guidance. So, Q4, we should be at that type of level. We will 
have the depreciation and amortization beneﬁts going through next year, and in the back end of next 
year, we'll have the beneﬁt of Range Rover BEV sales. 
We know that we need to take some action to make sure that we cap the market eﬀect of VME and 
that we recover our warranty spend and drive still further material costs. So, we know we have an 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
13 
 
awful lot to do, but if you think where we will be in Q4, I think the walk through to a strong next year 
is much easier to understand. 
P.B. Balaji  
Thank you, Richard. The next, again, I'm sure, equally popular question coming up, Shailesh, at your 
end. For India, this is from Raghu, Nuwama again. For India PV, there are a lot of new EVs being 
launched. This should expand the size of the EV market. How do you see the growth prospects for 
Tata Motors amidst rising competition? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yes, Balaji. So, part of the answer is there that as the market, as more competition products are going 
to come and more choices for the consumers, there's going to be expansion of the industry as well 
as three things will happen. One, that there will be greater awareness and excitement among the 
consumers. There will be joint eﬀort by all the players now towards building the ecosystem, it should, 
which is one of the key barriers behind adoption of EVs. And third, that it will give conﬁdence to the 
customers that EV is the future because last one year there had been a lot of negativity around this. 
So, one, that market is deﬁnitely going to beneﬁt from an industry growth perspective. As far as Tata 
Motors is concerned, I think the biggest advantage that we have, which is not fully unleashed because 
of the lack of expansion of the market, is the widest portfolio, as Dhiman was mentioning, from Rs. 8 
lakh price point to Rs. 22 lakh and none of them overlapping with each other. And that's a unique 
advantage and you are able to take the best advantage of that as the market expands. So, we believe 
that as the market expands, we will be the biggest beneﬁciary. Second, I believe that all the intensity 
of competition that you're going to see and you would have seen that all are going to be above Rs. 18 
lakh price point. So, there's a lot of crowding going to happen in greater than Rs. 18 lakh price point, 
but we will have a unique advantage of cars which are priced less than Rs. 12 lakh, which are basically 
city cars, primarily city EVs. This is not where competition intensity is increasing and therefore, we will 
fully leverage this opportunity to get into even Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, including rural because there is a 
high propensity of customers going for EVs here and where a lot of the new competition attention 
is going to be in the Tier 1 cities by the way. The other thing which I feel is to our advantage is multiple 
customers, our EVs are proven vehicles in the Indian market, in very tough environmental conditions 
in which they operate. And our 2 lakh EVs have covered more than 5 billion kilometers. You will not 
believe that 10,000 EV customers have already done more than 1 lakh kilometers, and tens of 
thousands of customers have done more than 50,000 kilometers. So these are proven EVs and that 
will deﬁnitely work to our advantage. And ﬁnally, I would say that the ecosystem, which we have 
created on the charging infra side, the entire 18,000 chargers that you see is a work of Tata Power 
collaboration as well as collaboration with all the charge point operators, and we are going to really 
continue to work on this to ensure that there is a unique beneﬁt to our customers on those charging 
infra. At the same time, it will help in addressing the biggest barrier to EV adoption. 
So net-net, I would say that having got the ﬁrst mover advantage, there are lot of positives on our 
side. There can be a bit of hiccup because initially for each and every launch there will be temporary 
excitement around those products also. These products will ﬁll the channel for display vehicles and 
test drive vehicles and so on. So, there will be initial jump in the volumes for these vehicles. So there 
can be a bit of hiccup in the market share, but eventually, on the other side, when things stabilize, we 
should continue to do well as far as market share is concerned. 
 
 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
14 
 
P.B. Balaji  
Thank you, Shailesh. Just to give a little bit, just to add to what Shailesh said. I think the question on 
market share in EVs is probably less relevant at this stage. Penetration of EVs in the overall scale of 
the game is again, how do you upgrade customers from ICE into EVs, which I think with the advent of 
this level of intensity of action from every player is only going to improve and therefore that should 
augur well for us in the long run. Just to add to what Shailesh has said. 
Richard, this is coming your way, this is from Kapil Singh. Given the current quarter's performance on 
VME and warranty, what is the outlook on VME and warranty from here on, how should we look at 
it? 
Richard Molyneux 
VME, I think the industry is not showing any signs of becoming less competitive at the moment. So I 
think there probably is for a couple of quarters a little bit more room to the north on that. On the ﬂip 
side, I would expect warranty to have peaked at the level that it is this quarter and therefore to start 
coming down as some of the actions that we start to take in that space come true. 
So I think there is more say downside risk on VME, but it's not of great signiﬁcance and we're not 
talking about going back to the type of levels that were around pre-COVID, but it could rise a little 
bit from the 4.2% that we saw this quarter. Warranty I think will go the other way. 
P.B. Balaji  
Thanks, Richard. Just staying with you for a minute. Next question from Nishit Jalan. You already 
answered the pricing VME question. So ASPs, can you comment on that? ASPs have declined 
sequentially and also year-on-year despite stronger product mix. Is it purely due to China mix or are 
there other factors in here?  
 
Richard Molyneux 
I don’t think the moves here are that significant. So if you look at stat-rev by volume, Q2 was £74,000, 
Q3 £72,000. If you actually look at year to date, we are marginally up on year to date last year. So the 
moves in ASP aren’t that material. You have mentioned probably the most significant aspect of that 
which is China price mix. There’s also a little bit of FX in that and a little bit of the increase in VME. 
Those are the type of things. But the moves, they are not material. If you look at to that year to date 
level, we are actually marginally up on where we were last year. 
P.B. Balaji  
Sorry to put you on a spot. Continuing with you, just comment on emission cost as well. That's the 
next question from Jinesh Gandhi. You've covered the rest of his questions on the cost drivers. 
He's got a few more but let's talk emission and I'll cover the others. 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Where's the question on emission? 
P.B. Balaji  
How to think about emission cost and warranty cost in FY26 and beyond. Just comment on emission. 
You've covered warranty already. 
 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
15 
 
Richard Molyneux 
So emissions costs, the most relevant markets for us for emissions cost are the U.S. and the U.K. You'll 
note that  the U.K. government has already issued a consultation on the future of the ZEV mandate 
and so we're very closely working with them on that. And the U.S. may well I guess change as the new 
administration takes hold. So those are the two that are most important to us. 
I think it would be fair to say that if the regulations do not in some shape, size or form in those two 
markets change, that emissions cost for us next year will rise. However, I think at some stage this sort 
of rock and a hard place situation that we've got between consumer demands for BEV not accelerating 
and government emissions regulations being required for them to increase. Sometime that's got to 
come to fruition and the OEMs are going to avoid being stuck in the middle of that which is currently 
where we sit. So we're in close discussions with the U.K. government, we're keeping an eye on the 
U.S. government. Those are the two markets for emissions costs that are important to us. If nothing 
happens then our costs will rise next year. 
P.B. Balaji  
Okay. Thank you. Again, some exciting stuﬀ on the timelines for the Range Rover Electric deliveries 
and also about the cars that are coming, the EVs that are coming post the RR Electric. Is there anything 
you can share with us? 
Richard Molyneux 
Yes. So I think Adrian covered this in the last call. So Range Rover Electric, very end of this calendar 
year, that will be followed by the ﬁrst BEV of our EMA architecture in mid-2026 and the Jaguar that 
you saw the photo of will be the very late summer, I think is what we said in terms of 2026. So they're 
all coming this year or next. 
P.B. Balaji  
Thank you. Moving Girish on to you, this is from Pramod, InCred. SCV segment is noticing increased 
product assault by competition, especially lower tonnage. How do you plan to address it and limit 
market share impact? 
 
Girish Wagh 
Right. So in the SCV segment, as I said we look at two ends of the segment. The lower end we call it 
a small commercial vehicle and the upper end is more pickups. Now within the small commercial 
vehicles, post BSVI, this segment has actually contracted having lost some ground to three wheelers 
on the lower end due to initial pricing and then losing to the pickups on the above, upper end due 
to inferior total cost of ownership. And this is essentially due to the signiﬁcant price increase which 
happened in small commercial vehicles during the BSVI transition in view of the technology involved. 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
16 
 
I think our approach to this has been to have our own product oﬀensive and you would have seen 
in the Bharat Mobility Global Expo, in fact we introduced a completely new category of small 
commercial vehicle that is Ace Pro, which will actually get into the earlier proposition of these vehicles 
which was there in the BSIV era. We will also come up with the products with multi- fuel options, so 
CNG, petrol as well as electric. I think so that multi-fuel approach will also help to address more 
number of customers. Now, talking about pickups, I think Intra is our new range of pickups where 
the range has been widened signiﬁcantly. And we have seen that there is a signiﬁcant customer 
acceptance for this product. So I think now we are into the process of more accelerating the 
communication piece to increase the consideration and also looking at quite a few actions on the 
network side, growing rural, which in fact are all upsides for us. I think that's what is our strategy on 
the small commercial vehicle and pickups. 
P.B. Balaji  
Thank you, Girish. Dhiman, let me hand this over to you from Kapil Singh on PLI. What should, on the 
eligible EV products revenue, what is the percentage of revenue you are getting as PLI? 
 
Dhiman Gupta 
So, right now we have Tiago and Tigor AAT registered and TCA has also received, basis which we have 
done the accruals. Punch is next in pipeline for which AAT is coming and we expect TCA to be done 
this quarter. And of course, we have Nexon EV pipeline in future but all our products are DVA 
compliant at 50%. It's diﬃcult to give an output in terms of when we will be taking it because there 
are so many milestones. So, we are refraining from giving an outlook, but for all the vehicles which 
are AAT registered, we will be getting 13% of revenues as PLI, net of any vendor claims who are 
supplying to us AAT registered products. For this year at least, we haven't seen any vendor claims, so 
we are booking the entire 13%. 
P.B. Balaji  
Yes, and the 13% goes up to 18% progressively as the revenues start increasing. 
Okay, so Richard, this is over to you in terms of Europe demand from Pramod once again. Do you 
see early sign of premium demand recovery in Europe? When do you expect it to reﬂect it in 
premium car demand recovery? He is referring to the premium goods demand, luxury goods I 
presume. And for the new Jag, what is the addressable market volume value that you are looking 
at? And how should we look at the new Jag addressable market? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Okay. So in terms of premium goods in Europe, I can't really comment. What I will say, it's probably 
been a little bit surprising. There have been some green shoots in premium automotive demand in 
Europe in recent weeks. So, I mean, it's not been a particularly easy market, over the last couple of 
years, but there are some green shoots that things might be turning around. To Jaguar, we really are 
not focused on market share. A, I think it would be quite diﬃcult to deﬁne what its market is; and B, 
market share is not something that drives us. We will make sure that we have share of wallet. We do 
not have massive volume expectations. This is not something that's going to sell hundreds of 
thousands of cars. We will target speciﬁc groups in speciﬁc countries and go after them. So I would 
be surprised if you will ever see a Jaguar market share number or comment from our side. It is simply 
not something we consider relevant. 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
17 
 
P.B. Balaji  
Thank you, Richard. Let me take you to Shailesh. This is from Nishit Jalan. How do you see the overall 
EV charging network expansion in India? Is the lack of this the main reason for lower EV demand 
given that the pricing is not as high for EVs as versus ICE, the diﬀerential is not great. Will government 
subsidies for setting up the charging infra help expedite the network expansion? What is your sense? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
I think charging network expansion in India is, there are three parties who are really working on this. 
One is the OEMs themselves. The other are the oil marketing companies who have subsidy from the 
government already for the last two years, I would say, to build a charging infra of nearly 22,000. And 
the third are the smaller startups like charge point operators and all. I would believe that number one, 
which is the OEM themselves will work on the charging infra at least to some extent, but that would 
not be the predominant one. It will be only to create that critical mass for getting attention to their 
respective brands. But, I think oil marketing companies are going to play a big role. And, I would say, 
now the charge point operators and the new entrepreneurs would want to get into this space given a 
signiﬁcant activity, launch activity that we are seeing across the OEMs. So, one, because of natural 
demand growing and market expanding, there will be greater interest because of the market forces 
itself. But on top of that, you have the Prime Minister E- DRIVE Rs. 2,000 crore of subsidy. And we 
have to see really how this subsidy ﬂows and how the government is going to really plan in terms of 
the locations and where these charging points will be really installed and how it will be incentivized. 
We are in discussion with NITI Aayog, as SIAM also. At the same time from Tata Motors we have a lot 
of data from our telematics and 5 billion kilometers that our cars have covered. 
So, we are giving inputs to the government to at least ﬁrst address the highways where we see there 
will be high utilization because already we know the highways where the cars are moving, EVs are 
moving more. So I think with combination of all this, charging infra growth should really accelerate 
from here. But as you have rightly said, this is the single biggest barrier to adoption of EVs. 
P.B. Balaji  
Thank you. Girish, this is on the CV demand for India, India's CV, considering replacement demand, 
some improvement in infra spending and favorable base, how do you see the domestic M&HCV 
industry outlook for the coming year? 
 
Girish Wagh 
Okay. So before I get into coming year, let me ﬁrst talk about how this year has behaved. I think we 
started the ﬁrst quarter on a very strong note with a Y-o-Y growth. But quarter two did show a 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
18 
 
signiﬁcant decline. The decline reduced in quarter three, but still on a YTD basis in nine months, the 
heavy commercial vehicle industry has actually declined by 13%. 
But if I look at the data at the end of Q3, the utilizations have started going up. The consumer 
sentiment index has also marginally moved up. We see that the year-on-year pipeline is also better. 
And, therefore, I would say that to begin with the Q4 volumes are going to be key. With these kind of 
indications, we expect Q4 volumes to be ﬂat, which in itself should be good. And if we end Q4 as ﬂat 
on the back of the declines in Q2 and Q3, we will actually set a good base for next year. 
I think looking into the next year, yes, we do expect government spending on infra and actual progress 
of infra projects to pick up, which should help the heavy commercial vehicle industry. In addition to 
this, we also keep a track of the nine end-use sectors like steel, cement, mining, power, e-commerce, 
trade, etc. Early indications are that these sectors should do well. So, all these, as of now, point 
towards a good Q4. And as I said, if the Q4 ends being ﬂat on a Y-o-Y basis, I think it should set us a 
good base getting into the next year. Balaji. 
P.B. Balaji  
Thanks, Girish. Richard, coming your way, this is from Sonal Gupta, HSBC MF, you answered the rest 
of this questions but there is one thing on North America which I want to pick up with you. What's 
driven the 48% year-on-year growth in North America retail for Land Rover in Q3? Is there some pre-
tariﬀ imposition surge? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
No, certainly not deliberately. If you look at year-to-date, the U.S. market is 25% up for us, or our sales 
in the U.S. are 25% up for us. There was some switch between Q2 and Q3, but that was more due to 
homologation timing of certain derivatives than any deliberate attempt on tariﬀs. 
So the reality with over a three-quarter period, a 25% rise in wholesales, is that we're performing 
pretty well in the U.S., and as I say, our brands, particularly Range Rover and Defender, do resonate 
strongly with U.S. consumers, so it's a good and strong market for us. 
P.B. Balaji  
Thank you. Girish, this is coming from Abhinav, State Bank of India Pension. On the CV front, could 
you talk, you have talked about Q4 already, can you talk about buses? Can you speak about our market 
share and our strategy going forward on buses? 
 
Girish Wagh 
Yes, thank you for this question. I think buses, as I said in the beginning, buses and vans have in fact 
shown the maximum growth on a Y-o-Y basis. We have also grown our market share. I think YTD nine 
months, our registration VAHAN share is around 38%. I think our strategy here also has been to come 
up with multi fuel options, so we do have buses in diesel, CNG, as well as electric options, addressing 
diﬀerent customer segments. 
Now, if I talk of the MCV buses, essentially there are two end-use segments here. The ﬁrst is State 
Transport Undertaking, which is more of a tender business. We will continue to participate in this 
business and win tenders on proﬁtability basis. 
 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
19 
 
In retail MCV buses, which is more of intercity, we see a signiﬁcant growth happening this year and in 
fact, we track the utilization of the products. Utilization of these buses, MCV buses, has in fact gone 
up by almost 30% on a Y-o-Y basis and we see a good growth. We actually have a very good portfolio 
across MCV, ICV, LCV and that's what we are leveraging now to grow our share in MCV retail 
customers. In ICV, mostly used for employee transport and here our focus has been to deliver fully 
built buses by leveraging two of our bodybuilding subsidiaries and therefore, give ready-to-use 
options to the customer. Light commercial vehicles and vans are more for school bus application, 
seasonal, but even this one is going ahead and we are looking forward to a very attractive Q4. Even 
here, we have a very strong product portfolio, multi-fuel options, fully-built buses and therefore, 
growing in this segment also. 
So I think net-net, we have an improved value proposition across the segments, we have increased 
capacity of bodybuilding just six months back and therefore, are very well-placed to address this 
growing segment in Q4 and we also expect this to continue in Q1 of next year. 
Balaji? 
 
P.B. Balaji  
Thank you, Girish. Just staying with you, you have answered the rest of the question, but there is one 
we have not talked about, any signs of stress in ﬁnancing, banks, NBFC, etc., delinquency rates, 
anything that you are worried about? 
 
Girish Wagh 
So let me speak segment by segment. In small commercial vehicle and pickup, I think there has been 
some stress, especially in the ﬁrst-time buyers and ﬁrst-time users, but there has been an 
improvement during the year as we move towards Q3. I think the ﬁnanciers have also been selective 
now in terms of ﬁnancing and one can see an improvement therefore in their portfolio. We have also 
been working very closely with the ﬁnanciers to therefore, prioritize the leads which can also pass 
their criteria. 
If you look at buses, which were certainly under stress, but this year with the kind of utilization the 
buses are seeing, there is a signiﬁcant improvement and not a challenge here. If you look at M&HCV, 
yes, I think there was a challenge, especially towards end of second quarter, beginning of third 
quarter. 
In our conversation with the ﬁnanciers, there we could see challenge happening there, but I think post 
that with the improvement in utilization, I think this stress in M&HCV is also going behind us. I think 
that's how we are placed overall in all segments. 
P.B. Balaji  
Thanks, Girish. One question from Jinesh, in the PLI accounting, you asked whether Rs. 209 crores of 
the nine-month accrual has been done entirely in third quarter. 
Yes, absolutely. We couldn't have done it any other way given that we have received the eligibility 
certiﬁcate only in December. 
Richard, maybe I will give you the, you have the opportunity to have the last word on this session. 
This is from Rakesh Kumar, BNP. If electriﬁcation journey slows, do you think you will need to continue 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
                                                                                                                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
20 
 
to invest in ICE powertrain and the platforms longer, resulting in higher overall Capex than what you 
had earlier planned? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
 
I think that is a very fair point. As if the way I've probably explained this if you're -- imagine the world 
where there's only ICE powertrains, and you imagine the world where there's only BEV powertrains 
sometime post 2030 let's say, those worlds are nice and simple. You have one powertrain, you 
optimize it, you go forward exactly as the industry used to be 10, 15, 20 years ago. We're in that period 
at the moment where you have no choice but to be investing in parallel, in ICE, in PHEV, potentially in 
REEV and in BEV. And the longer that period extends, the more diﬃcult it is to make investment 
decisions to exit any one of those diﬀerent markets. You're entirely right, it does increase the pressure 
on our short to medium term investment. The one thing I would say, and we're not the only 
manufacturer that is probably looking at this, is it delays the point at which you move the entirety of 
your architectures to BEV-only architectures. So you do run your let's say, ﬂexible architectures like 
EMA a little bit longer. So you push back the point in time where you need to invest in completely 
new BEV-only architectures. 
But in the medium term, you're right, the proliferation of consumer demand and the lack of a binary 
switch from ICE to BEV globally does make it very diﬃcult for us to exit any of those sections and we 
have to invest in those technologies in parallel. It's a fair point. 
P.B. Balaji  
Thanks, Richard. So we come to the end of the session in a very philosophical note, which leaves a 
question mark there, don't know how to answer that. That apart, on the Investor Day, we have 
tentatively signaled these two days for the investor days. The Tata Motors one is going to be on June 
9. That's tentative and mostly will be conﬁrmed in the coming weeks. And the JLR one is on June 16th. 
So, look forward to seeing you there as well. 
So with this, we conclude the session today. Thank you all for your probing questions and look forward 
to continuing to be in touch. Thank you and thanks teams, JLR here, all you guys, much appreciated.  
Thank you. 
 
