 
February 16, 2025 
 
To, 
The BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor New Trading Building, 
Rotunda Building, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
To, 
Corporate Communications, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code : 541929  
 
 
 
Security ID : SGIL 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts / Investors on Unaudited Financial 
Results for the Quarter ended on December 31, 2024 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 & 46 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
This is in continuation of our letter dated February 07, 2025 giving intimation of the subject 
mentioned conference call and subsequently furnishing the web link for accessing the Audio 
recording of the said conference call vide our letter dated February 13, 2025. 
 
In terms of the subject referred regulations, please find attached the transcript of the 
Conference Call held on February 12, 2025 with Analysts / Investors on Unaudited Financial 
Results of the Company for the Quarter ended on December 31, 2024. 
 
Please note that the said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company 
(www.synergygreenind.com) which can be accessed at the following link: 
Link:https://synergygreenind.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/Audio%20Call%20Inverstors%20Meet%2012.02.2025.m4a  
 
This is for your information and records 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Synergy Green Industries Ltd. 
 
 
 
Nilesh M. Mankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Memb.No.A39928 
 
Nilesh Mohan 
Mankar
Digitally signed by Nilesh 
Mohan Mankar 
Date: 2025.02.16 15:24:07 
+05'30'

 
1 
 
 
 
“SYENRGY GREEN INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED Q3 FY 2025 EARNING CALL” 
FEBRUARY 06, 2025 
 
E&OE – This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on February 07, 2025 will prevail. 
 
MANAGEMENT:
MR. V.S. REDDY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, SYNERGY GREEN INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MS. SHREYA SHIRGAOKAR, MANAGEMENT EXECUIVE  
MR. NILESH MANKAR, COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Moderator : Hello everyone, thank you for joining the call. I, Nilesh Mankar Company Secretary of Synergy 
Green, will be moderaƟng today’s session. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that we will be 
recording this call and in case any parƟcipants are not comfortable, may feel free to drop oﬀ before we 
start the recording. Thank you for your understanding. Today’s meeƟng Agenda will be -ﬁrst Brief 
IntroducƟon of organizaƟon, second Investor PresentaƟon and last will be Q&A Session. 
I would like to share the Guidelines for the call i.e. all ParƟcipants are kept on LISTEN ONLY MODE by the 
Host, all ParƟcipants are requested NOT to RECORD the CALL, quesƟons from the ParƟcipants will be 
addressed in the Q&A Session at the END of the Investor PresentaƟon by the management, during the 
Q&A session, we request you to INTRODUCE yourself with your name, organizaƟon and then your 
quesƟon, parƟcipants having MulƟple QuesƟons can EMAIL us and management will make best possible 
eﬀorts to respond within 7 days, the EMAIL ID menƟoned in CHAT BOX. Dear ParƟcipants, Welcome to the 
Q2 FY 25 Earnings Call & Investor PresentaƟon of Synergy Green Industries Ltd. Synergy Green Industries 
Ltd is India’s one of the leading state-of-the-art foundries producing SG Iron, Grey Iron and Steel 
casƟngs for wind turbines, wind gear box and general engineering industries in the weight range of 3 to 
30 metric tonnes. Synergy Green has an installed capacity of 30,000 MT per annum and is in the process 
of upgrading to 45,000 MT. The company houses best-in-class equipment, IT infrastructure and quality 

 
2 
 
tesƟng faciliƟes and is a top-supplier to major wind OEMs as well as leading gear box players in the world. 
SGIL is a part of the Shirgaokar Group, which has diversiﬁed business interests over its 80+ years history 
spanning across sugar manufacturing, foundries, hospitality and market research, among others. Today, 
we are having with us Mr. V Srinivasa Reddy, ExecuƟve Director. Mr. Reddy is a B Tech in Mechanical 
Engineering, M Tech in Manufacturing and ExecuƟve MBA from IIM Bangalore. He has over 30 years of 
experience in manufacturing of large casƟngs. Over his career, he has worked for corporates like L&T, ISGEC 
& Simplex in establishing plants and managing businesses before joining Synergy Green from incepƟon. 
Ms. Shreya Shirgaokar, Management ExecuƟve. Ms. Shirgaokar has completed her MBA in Finance and has 
worked with DeloiƩe as part of their Energy & Industrials Research team for over 3.5 years before joining 
Synergy in 2023. Myself Nilesh Mankar, Company Secretary is Company Secretary of the Company and 
also completed MBA from Indira Gandhi NaƟonal Open University. I have an overall experience of 10 years 
in the secretarial maƩers of the Company. Now Ms. Shreya will be presenƟng us the HIGHLIGHTS for Q3 
Earnings and take us through the key areas of development in the Investor PresentaƟon.  
Shreya Shirgaokar: Thank you for the introducƟon. And Hello, everybody. Thank you for joining the call 
today. Before we proceed, I would just request Nilesh, sir, if you could just make sure that if there's 
anybody uh not on mute, if you can just physically put them on mute. So, there are no disturbances during 
the presentaƟon. 
So, we've divided the presentaƟon into 3 major parts. I'll be spending a liƩle bit of Ɵme on the industry 
overview as well as the company proﬁle, and then ﬁnally, walk in detail through the business performance 
and update. We all know about the climate change. It's, you know, not in the future. It's in the present. 
We're seeing it in the form of ﬂoods, heat waves, cyclones, droughts. Forest ﬁres everything around us. 
So, climate change is really not something that we're debaƟng. But we're seeing that numbers very 
alarming numbers that are coming as a part of it, because about 14.5 million lives are at stake by 2050, 
due to climate change, which is equivalent to a World war. So, it's really bringing out a sense of urgency. 
And it's really unparalleled. So, their acƟon on climate change is already underway, and we'll be talking 
more about that going forward. The energy transiƟon to renewables is a part of this ﬁght against climate 
change that we have now just to look at a few numbers. The global economy is expected to reach around 
112 trillion Us. Dollars in 2025. All resources, all sources of energy put together are expected to account 
for about 7% of this economy. Now looking at the chart on the leŌ hand side of this page, the world 
electricity, generaƟon by power sources is outlined here. The key numbers that we'd like to bring your 
aƩenƟon to is that by 2030 there is an expectaƟon. So, by 2030 we're expecƟng convenƟonal sources of 
energy to peak peak as a part of the evolved electricity generaƟon, and this will be overtaken by renewable 
sources. Renewable sources are expected to account for about 25% of the overall global electricity 
generaƟon in 2030. And this number is expected to rise to about 70% of the whole. Mix by 2050. So that's 
the kind of potenƟal that we see in renewables. 
Besides, this, renewable sources are also a great way for countries to achieve energy security sort of 
reduce their dependence on imporƟng oil and coal saving, foreign exchange. All of that. And all of this is 
when these resources are now energy cost, compeƟƟve as well. So deﬁnitely because of all of this, the 
world is beƫng on renewables at a global level. We already see that there are countrywise goals that 
companies have said, we have the Paris agreement which has a goal of keeping global warming within 
1.5°C. We have climate, ﬁnancing, goals, and deforestaƟon targets as well. At an India level we have the 
India Pansamrit, which was released at Cop 26. This includes India's target to achieve net 0 by 2070. 2 

 
3 
 
things that we would like to draw your aƩenƟon to is that the India Renewables target says that we would 
want to source about 50% of energy from renewables by 2040 and India's green electricity pool, which is 
to install 500 gigawaƩs of non-fossil fuel electricity, capacity by 2030. 
This is, besides the countrywise emission goals and carbon targets that we've set as a country. Beyond 
renewables. We'll go a liƩle bit deeper to look at India and global wind insƟtuƟons, and how that trend is 
shaping up. In 2023, we have published numbers for both at a global as well as India's level, and we see 
that wind installaƟons have globally grown by over 50% in 2023. 
What are the key growth drivers for this is that the 1st thing is 10 gigawaƩs of annual wind bids as well as 
wind or renewable purchase obligaƟons up to 2030 that has been mandated by the Government. There 
are also minimum renewables, mandates to discom. This is, besides the increase in renewables, targets 
from 145 gigawaƩs to 500 gigawaƩs by 2030 and also, of course, the carbon neutral target by 2070. 
At a global level. If we look at the chart as well as what has been adopted by naƟons in the Cop 28, the 
target is to triple annual wind installaƟons from 117 gigawaƩs in 2023 to take it to 350 gigawaƩs by 2030, 
and this should really accelerate global volumes, and a major porƟon of this is driven by onshore. 
We are now going to be talking about. The casƟngs demand where? Synergy of course, we cater largely to 
the wind market, but we're a majorly, a large casƟng supplier. So, when we look at the overall, total casƟngs 
demand in the world, the total demand is around 110 million metric tons, globally led by China, and a far 
second is India. The major consumers of these casƟngs are the auto industry, railways, industrial 
machinery, agriculture, power, etc. So I'll only talk about ﬁgures speciﬁc to our target market. 
Now I'll quickly go through the company proﬁle, and then we'll talk about the business performance. 
Synergy and green is, of course, as menƟoned earlier, one of India's leading manufacturers of large size, 
criƟcal casƟngs for wind as well as general engineering products. We produce products in the rate range 
of 3 metric tons to 30 metric tons. In the materials. Sg. Ion. Cast iron as well as steel, with the majority of 
our producƟon being SG Iron. Currently, our capacity is 30,000 metric tons per annum, which we're in the 
process of updaƟng, upgrading to 45,000 metric tons per annum. Our faciliƟes are located in Kolhapur and 
Maharashtra, and we have all the equipment from the leading brands in the world.  
Taking a look at our product, mix. So a majority of our casƟngs go to the wind industry with 70% of our 
total products. Gearbox casƟngs, which again, are also ﬁnally going to the wind industry, are another 15% 
of our total product mix and  the balance 50% is coming from nonwind casƟngs. So in nonwind, we cater 
to mining plasƟc injecƟon machines, pumps, and some other engineering applicaƟons as well. Looking at 
our customers, which are our greatest strengths. There's a chart on the leŌ hand side, which shows the 
leading wind OEM’s in 2023 globally. And of this, 50% of them are already our customers. Besides these, 
we also have Adani and Senvion in our customer basket. Flender and Zf are 2 of the leading uh world's 
leading uh Gearbox manufacturers, and they are also uh our customers in the gearbox segment and then 
in the nonwind segment, we have leaders from respecƟve industries that I called out earlier, which is Terex, 
Millicron, willow mather & Plat. These are just some of the customer names in our non-wind segment. 
 

 
4 
 
We've done a quick swot analysis of the company. So, to call it out. Our strength is the ability to produce 
large size casƟngs up to 30 metric tons. Where established products with top global OEM’s in our basket. 
We're an eﬃcient foundry, and we've achieved revenue growth in 11 out of the last 12 years. 
The opportuniƟes for growth are excellent with what we're looking at in the terms of renewable's growth 
and there are high entry barriers in terms of technology in terms of knowledge. India's also being 
converted as a manufacturing hub, and that oﬀers a very uh sort of consistently growing casƟng demand 
for us. 
Some of the weaknesses that we felt and we're trying to plug as we go along are one is the limited capacity 
which we're now scaling up from 30,000 to 40,000 metric tons per annum. Currently, also, our machining 
acƟviƟes are being 100% outsourced. So this is something that with the new project Expansion project 
that we're working on, we should be able to take about 20,000 tons per annum of our machining inhouse 
with our own machining facility. 
Finally, looking at some of the broad level threads, there are 80% of our business is dependent on the wind 
industry, but our faciliƟes are very much able to produce large size casƟngs that can be applied to any 
other industries as well. So this also uh shows the 15% uh porƞolio that we maintain for the non win 
segment. Secondly, volaƟle commodity prices can also impact our proﬁtability. But the key commodiƟes 
are being hedged with customers on a quarterly basis. 
So with that I'll jump into the business performance. Here's a summary of the unaudited ﬁnancial results 
for the 9 months of FY 24-25 ended 31st December 2024. So if you look at the total income uh in the 
quarter we have 97.8 4 crores as total income for the quarter. This is a 10.5% growth from the same quarter 
in the previous ﬁnancial year. If we compare the similar numbers for the 9 months ended 31st December 
we'll see that there's an 8.6% growth over the previous period. 
Over the previous year the main reasons for the margin expansion has mainly been driven by export 
revenues which were higher export revenues in this year, and this last quarter, especially. There have been 
improved operaƟonal eﬃciencies as well as stable raw material costs. 
If you look at the Pbt we stand at Rs.7.01 crore, which is a 61% growth over the previous quarter in the 
over the same quarter in the previous period and at 9 month level we're at Rs.17.32 crores, which is a 49% 
growth over the same uh period in the previous Year, and ﬁnally drawing your aƩenƟon to the proﬁt aŌer 
tax. The proﬁt aŌer tax is Rs.5.95 crores, 128% growth over the same period in the over the same quarter 
in the previous period, which was Rs.2.53 crores. Similarly, where a 57% growth in the 9 months ended. 
Q. 3 fy, 25, the proﬁt aŌer tax stands at Rs.13.05. So this is a quick snapshot of the ﬁnancial results. For 
the 9 month ended. 
In addiƟon to this, we also see that there is a posiƟve business outlook, and besides this, there is also a 
longer lead Ɵme for the machines that uh the superior quality, important machines that we are ordering. 
With this we've also iniƟated the second phase of this inhouse machining facility which will take care of 
another 10,000 tens per annum which is going to be completed by the 4th quarter of Fy. 26. This is the 
progress update about the project. 
 

 
5 
 
A quick look at the other iniƟaƟves that we've taken in terms of the triple BoƩom Bank. So we truly believe 
that environment goes hand in hand with economics. And here there are 4 major areas that we're, uh, you 
know, working on. So the 1st is carbon footprint, renewables. As I already spoke, we aim to reduce our 
carbon footprint through renewables. And we're achieving 50% of our producƟon by 20 of green 
producƟon by 2030, by establishing renewables as our capƟve source of power. 
The second thing is waste management. So we're improving our sand reclamaƟon capabiliƟes. So earlier, 
we used to reclaim and recycle about 92% of the sand consumed in the foundry. So in the current year 
we've established a thermal reclamaƟon system which will take this to 98%. So material recycling and 
waste management is something that we're constantly working on. 
The 3rd thing is technology, leadership. This is for 2 things. One is for eﬃciencies, and the second is for a 
safer work. Environment. So we're doing constantly working on process automaƟon and digiƟzaƟon. And 
uh, we should be in a posiƟon to um, you know, give more details about these kinds of iniƟaƟves in the 
coming uh, you know, few quarters. 
Energy opƟmizaƟon is another major area that we're working on. And besides the energy management 
system audit and Iso that we have been undertaking. We've also taken various iniƟaƟves, including 
centralized energy monitoring systems, equipment, balancing, etc. So this altogether really ensures that 
we're taking care of 2 things. One is environment. And secondly, it's the impact on economics. 
Finally coming to the performance. Outlook in the medium term. So for the Fy. 2425 for the full year. Uh, 
we've given a guidance of a 13% rejected revenue growth based on our present order Book status. The 
export revenue, as I menƟoned in the revenue slide, is esƟmated to grow to 25% as against just 11.5% in 
the previous year and then, ﬁnally, the raw material prices are stable as well as all the other factors that I 
menƟoned earlier. We're well on our way to expand our margins for the year by 200 basis points from the 
present 12 from the previous year's 12.5% levels. In the medium term for capaciƟes we've given. We do 
see that there is a good opportunity. AŌer the expansion to 45,000 metric tons. We see that in the next 3 
years, as an opportunity to grow, and ulƟmately make up a capacity, increase it to 100,000 metric tons in 
the next 3 to 5 years. So this is the overall outlook in the medium term, as well as for the year end. With 
this I will end my presentaƟon, and open the ﬂoor for Q & A. 
Nilesh Mankar: Thank you, Shreya Madam, for walking us through the investor presentaƟon for quarter 3. 
I would like to note the presence of Mr. Sachin Shiri, who is the chairman and managing director of the 
company who has joined just now. Now I request all the parƟcipants to be ready with the, with their 
quesƟons. Please raise your hand, and we will unmute you. Just as a reminder. Please keep the quesƟons 
very crisp and precise. QuesƟon, repeƟƟve in nature will be avoided. On your turn please introduce 
yourself your organizaƟon, and then ask the quesƟons. Also not parƟcipants having mulƟple quesƟons can 
email us on the email Id menƟoned in the chat box and management will make possible best possible 
eﬀorts to respond within 7 days. We also request you to mute yourself aŌer your quesƟons is answered. 
Thank you for your cooperaƟon with these guidelines. Now the ﬂoor is open for quesƟon, and answers. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Uh! Just I will go through the list of parƟcipant one who has raised their hands. Good 
evening once again. I request. Mr. JiƟn Parmal to go ahead with this quesƟon. Please unmute yourself and 
go ahead with uh your quesƟon, sir. 
 

 
6 
 
Jiten Parmar: CongratulaƟons on a good set of results. Now my 1st quesƟon is basically on the sales 
growth. Obviously, I mean it is in single digits, and we are targeƟng a 13% now is this because there is a 
capacity, constraint. What is because I think we were expecƟng higher sales growth. Though margins have 
all deﬁnitely surprised on the posiƟve side, there is no doubt. But sales growth is something which I would 
like to get more color of, and what we are expecƟng for next year. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: So there are 2 parts into that. You are right. Actually, we are running 95% uh kind of uh 
capacity uƟlizaƟon. So we have very liƩle headroom to get for a very signiﬁcant revenue growth, that's 1. 
Secondly, whatever the exisƟng customers we have seen as per the plan. Export revenues are going well 
but domesƟc revenue some of the OEM’s take oﬀ is a liƩle slow. Actually, no, we were expecƟng the earlier 
quarters to have a beƩer liŌing. But overall, we are seeing 2 areas. One is domesƟc wind, a liƩle bit of slow 
IC, and also non wind, also a liƩle bit of slow down right. SƟll, we could get a good growth because of the 
exports are extremely doing good. Exports are also doing good. The second thing is on the Gearbox side 
as per the posiƟon they are really liŌing. Well, actually, this is what is contribuƟon in growth. But coming 
back to um the next year, revenue growth order book is good mainly. We have added 2 major OEM’s One 
is Nordex. We are happy to share with you that uh, for the 1st Ɵme in India 5 megawaƩ hub casƟng, which 
is weighing 30 tons, is being produced in synergy grain. We are already successfully produced, that casƟng. 
So we are expecƟng a good order book from the new OEM. That is a Nordex for both hub and mainframes. 
Apart from this, we have already inƟmated to the investors about the signing a contract with envision. 
Envision is another big Wm. His demand is more than 30 40,000 tons per annum for Indian consumpƟon. 
Actually, no. So as of now, tentaƟvely, we have commiƩed for a 10,000. But I see there is an opportunity 
to increase further, but we'd like to take as, and when it comes. So, looking at all those things, um! As far 
as next year revenue is concerned, we should be in line with whatever the guidance are, If envision liŌ 
according to their projecƟons. We should be able to even beat the expectaƟon. Actually, again, for 
achieving all these numbers, we need to complete our expansion out of each. quarter majority of the 
expansion gets completed. So we are iniƟaƟng to producƟon from the new faciliƟes from Q.2 onwards. 
That is where we are expecƟng to increase our uh revenues. 
Jiten Parmar: Okay, and how much of our exports? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Roughly, about 20% of our revenues are coming from the Us. Exports. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: May I request NiƟn Dharmawat sir to go ahead with your quesƟon? 
Niteen S Dharmawat: My quesƟon is regarding the uh the raw material prices. So how is the trend right 
now? You menƟoned that there can be some pressure in terms of passing on the beneﬁt. So that's why 
you are factoring in 18%, not 22%, which is a possibility? How do you see the trend For from the raw 
material perspecƟve, does it remain same, or is there any change in the in the pricing from the last 
quarter? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Input cost is improving. That is also another thing. If you really look at, we have given a 
guidance of 18% aŌer compleƟng solar and missioning altogether. But we are already clocking 15% plus 
even without geƫng realizing any of the investments right now, as you know, so apart from the exports, 
because the earlier contracts were negoƟated at a diﬀerent dollar value, which Dollar went on 
depreciaƟng. Some beneﬁt, came from the dollar. DepreciaƟon. But another posiƟve thing is, the raw 
materials are very stable, are giving a liƩle bit of beƩer contribuƟon. Actually, you know. So I don't see any 

 
7 
 
the risk on the raw material side, but the whatever the pricing pressure that what we are discussing about 
uh, since we are trying to go for the next level of order booking, say from Rs.400 Crores, to say, Rs.600 or 
Rs.700 close kind of level, we are interpreƟng some of the negoƟaƟon. In fact, there are a couple of 
contracts are already in discussion which are geƫng aligned with the forecast what we are giving 18%. 
Considering the machining, solar and all everything in place actually. 
Niteen S Dharmawat: My next quesƟon is the order that we received in the last quarter that we 
announced, when the revenue will be started uh! Realizing in that order? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: This we are expecƟng Q1 will go for a development. Q. 2. Onwards we are expecƟng 
revenue started ﬂowing from this the Envision Order book which we are given. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Thank you, sir. Uh, may I request scienƟﬁc invesƟng to unmute yourself and go ahead 
with your quesƟon? Please. 
ScienƟﬁc InvesƟng: Yeah, sir, I have a quesƟon. So each gigawaƩ of wind energy which is geƫng added 
into India. My understanding is, it opens up 400 crore of revenue opportunity for casƟng players. Is that 
esƟmate, correct? If you can highlight, then I will ask next set of quesƟons. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, you can say it is over 12,000 tons. Is the 4 gigawaƩ consumpƟon actually. So that 
translate to 150 Crors, not 400. Course. 
ScienƟﬁc InvesƟng: Okay? So, sir, next 6, 7 year, whatever is the 8% kind of growth and addiƟonal gigawaƩ 
capacity which is supposed to come. What is the kind of incremental market share you are, planning to 
take it in next 5, 6 years. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See today, we are almost around 35, 40% kind of the market share what we have for 
the domesƟc market. But we look at the total Indian casƟng demand again, that is, in 3 streams, apart 
from the Uh domesƟc consumpƟon, OEM. Export, and also direct exports. Synergy is unique because we 
are also operaƟng into other segments like Gearbox and a non-wind segment. Actually, you know. So 
overall looking at the market size, we would like to conƟnue with this 35, 40% kind of the market share 
from the demand from the Indian requirement.  
ScienƟﬁc InvesƟng: This raƟo is diﬀerent, for diﬀerent players like Suzlan's raƟo is very diﬀerent from yours. 
So I mean, I don't belong to the industry. So how this technically plays out, and what is the ideal raƟo, or 
why certain raƟo is maintained if you can. You know just highlight for a layman. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, it depends on the organizaƟonal, this thing, you know, policy and also the 
investment appeƟte. Actually, you know, because when we start the investments into the missioning will 
be as good equivalent of a founder investment. That's the kind of the Capex is required for invesƟng the 
missioning, since you want to show your presence in the market, so our primary focus will be on to build 
top line and establish the customer. So this is what we did last 12 years. Actually, now, there is also need 
for expanding our margins. That is where we go for a backward integraƟon to add machining faciliƟes now 
to speciﬁc. To your quesƟon. Our compeƟtors are having, for example, one of the compeƟtors in Chennai. 
He's having 0 mission facility. Another compeƟtor in Kualamptu. He's having a sizable thing, you know, but 
our objecƟve of I can spell out on the synergy perspecƟve. Uh, we are looking at around 50, 60% of our 
installed capacity as our in-house machining facility. The reason behind this raƟos uh raƟonale is for 
example, if for 3, 4 years down the line. If there is any marginal underuƟlizaƟon, sƟll, we'll be able to uƟlize 

 
8 
 
our menƟoning capacity 100. That is the logic. Second thing is, all along this 12 years we have grown with 
our partners the supply chain. Actually, you know, so we cannot say no to them overnight, because we 
have to take care of their interest as well. So, considering both the business interest and also the uƟlizaƟon 
perspecƟve, so we are targeƟng around 56 percent kind of in-house machining faciliƟes. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: May I request Mr. Vidhi Shah to go ahead with your quesƟon? Please. 
VIDHI SHAH: Can I get a guidance on your PAT, margins, and your cost of tent. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Uh see uh pat margin is another thing uh, we focus upon the uh, what do you call ebitda 
margins? So that is the thing, because what happens now? Um, the iniƟal period, there will be a 
depreciaƟon uh. So we need to see uh, how the year on year these things will. Again, the key is we should 
focus upon the operaƟng margins. Actually, no. So that we are given a guidance of 18 to 20%. Once the 
depreciaƟon amount comes down, the path margin can go up signiﬁcantly means about 1012% kind of 
the numbers. But iniƟally, we need to go through this Capex cycle, and the appropriate way of looking at 
in the growth organizaƟon is at the Ebitda level. 
vedantsekhri: Are there any new clients that are about to be on boarded? Is there any new contract that 
is that will be signed. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, there is a 1 uh this thing, you know, uh part of our project is going on. Um! We 
believe any one of our oem will be back in that. That's a big project, I think. 8 gigawaƩ or 10 gigawaƩ. So 
if that contract goes through, it is for almost 5 years tenure. So that should be a big contract which is under 
discussion. Actually, you know. So it should be concluding anyƟme, so that will be a good stability for our 
order book. 
vedantsekhri: What is the sort of ideal esƟmate that we're looking at going forward Ɵll 27. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, we, our aim is to use uh about 90%. It's extremely this thing, you know, unless 
you have a very strong order book constantly every quarter, because it's very diﬃcult to switch between 
the oem someƟmes. Uh, some of the oems have a higher schedule. So uh, during certain quarters and 
lower schedules in a diﬀerent quarter. How we manage is we try to um distribute the producƟon schedule 
in such a fashion that. Considering the 52 weeks rolling forecast schedule from our customers. Uh, we try 
to adjust so that our capacity license goes above 90%. So 85% minimum should be able to target. But if 
things are very good, it may go up to 95% kind of replacement. So you can take a range of 85 to 95, 
depending on the ﬂow in the market. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Mr. Raju Pordeke. 
Rajiv Phadke’s iPhone: CongratulaƟons for another great quarter, all the best to you and your team. Just 
one quesƟon uh, most of the ﬁnancial and the business quesƟons have been answered. You know I would 
like to know a liƩle bit more about the Hr policies that you have and pracƟces because you're starƟng a 
new line of machining. How you have planned for acquiring the manpower, or training them in house or 
whatever? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: So you are absolutely right, sir. Uh. In fact, one of the strength of this organizaƟon is, 
we are already having a in house missioning uh capability. Uh. People are there. Senior people are there, 
and in the last 5, 6 years, in fact, our team only helped the local supply chain to develop in Kolhapur. We 

 
9 
 
developed around 3, 4 suppliers here. So of course, we need to recruit. We are in the process. But the key 
knowledge and other things already. Uh, they are on board with our organizaƟon and during next say, one 
quarter or one or 2 quarters we'll be onboarding the workforce, including the machine operators, the 
Supervisor, and all that acƟvity is on actually know. So uh we should be able to manage this I don't see. 
Unlike in foundry. In missioning. What happens is we get a good support from the machine supplier oem. 
So generally, majority of the technological support comes from 2 guys. One is the tooling guys, someone 
like sign, we can take on all these guys, they would have excellent knowledge base. The second is the 
missioning way, and plus our in hospitality, we should be able to sell through this technological 
transformaƟon towards the missioning as well. 
Kunal Mehta: How will be capitalized like the new capacity of 45,000 tons will be capitalized from next 
year itself? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes. Next year capacity will be capitalized. Yes. So it will be operaƟonal. 
Kunal Mehta: Okay. So then, how much is that the depreciaƟon to be, considered like straight line?  
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, yeah, we need to do the detailed working. I can give you very rough projecƟons 
again, because these machines have had a good life of 2025 years kind of thing. So we are doing a capex 
of uh close to go. 
Khush Gosrani: So 2 quesƟons. One is, if in one megawaƩ turbine, how much casƟng is required. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Around 12 tons. 
Khush Gosrani: 12 tones and today we can go up to what 7 megawaƩs right? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: 5. MegawaƩ is the maximum size. 
Khush Gosrani: So then, we are just now building capabiliƟes for the onshore ones? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: You're right, because today onshore itself uh 6, 8 megawaƩ also running in China. But 
India predominantly, is running on 3 megawaƩ plaƞorm. But somebody is trying to go into the 5 megawaƩ 
as well, but next to 3 to 5 years I don't see any. This, you know. Bigger megawaƩ of 6 or 8, megawaƩ 
coming into India. 
Khush Gosrani: So Siemens has launched a 5 megawaƩ in Europe if I'm correct. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Uh not Siemens. Nordex is running on 5 megawaƩ. 
D123-Darshil Pandya: I just wanted to understand. We have, you know, uh, increase our capex. That was, 
I guess it was 123, and now it is around 187, and we are adding it in the machinery side i.e. in the in-house 
machining part. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Actually, iniƟally, we were targeƟng for 10,000 tons, but looking for possible business 
environment plus considering the lead Ɵme for installing the machines because of the controllers and 
chips involved in that. The lead Ɵme for the machines is going up to 15 months. Actually, no. So if I go on 
order aŌer compleƟon of this project, so these new machines will not be available even during Fy. 27. So 
to avoid that, we have gone ahead and um, the place, the order. 
 

 
10 
 
D123-Darshil Pandya: whatever Capex we are doing Ɵll date, how is this is it through internals or debt or 
else? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Uh, you can go through the our earlier presentaƟon. It is given a very detailed, 
elaborated uh thing uh, it is in combinaƟon of these 3 things. One is the rights issue. Money, second is the 
internal, 3rd is through debt. So all those numbers breakups are given in our presentaƟons. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Nilesh. I don't see any other queries. You can go ahead and conclude. So from my side, 
I once again thank all of you for uh joining this call and I'll request Nilesh to conclude this meeƟng. 
Nilesh Mankar: Thank you, Reddy sir and Shreya madam for answering the quesƟons on behalf of enƟre 
Synergy Green management team. I would like to thank all the investors and analyst community for joining 
us today. Thank you once again. 
 
