 
Affle (India) Limited 
Regd. Office | A47 Lower Ground Floor, Hauz Khas, Off Amar Bhawan, New Delhi-110016 
Communication Office | 8th floor, Unitech Commercial Tower - 2, Sector - 45, Gurugram - 122003, Haryana 
(P) 0124-4598749 (W) www.affle.com; CIN: L65990DL1994PLC408172 
 
 
 
 
AIL/SE/ECT/Q3/2024-25 
 
 
 
 
 
              February 17, 2025 
   
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 
- 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the third quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2024 conducted on February 10, 2025 at 10:00AM IST 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, 
February 10, 2025 at 10:00 AM IST to discuss the results and developments for the third quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The same is also available on the Company’s website at https://affle.com/investor-relations. 
 
Please note that the audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call was submitted vide our letter 
AIL/EC/2024-25/Q3 dated February 10, 2025. 
  
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Parmita 
Choudhury
Digitally signed by 
Parmita Choudhury 
Date: 2025.02.17 
20:42:36 +05'30'

This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
 
 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
February 10, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Chairperson, Managing 
Director & Chief Executive Officer of Affle (India) 
Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations 
Officer of Affle (India) Limited 
 
Analyst:  
Mr. Rahul Jain – Dolat Capital Markets Private 
Limited 
 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Affle (India) Limited Q3 
and 9M FY2025 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ’*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you Aleric. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, we 
welcome you all to the Q3 and 9M FY2025 Conference Call of Affle (India) 
Limited. I take this opportunity to welcome the management of Affle (India) 
Limited represented by Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum, who is the Chairperson, 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company; and Mr. Kapil 
Bhutani, who is Chief Financial and Operations Officer of the Company. 
 
Before we begin with the discussion, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve some risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide 25 
of the company's earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer on the 
same. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for his opening 
remarks. Thanks and over to you, Anuj. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I trust all of 
you are keeping in good health. First and foremost, I must share that I feel 
deeply honoured to be re-appointed as the Chairperson of Affle for the next 
10 years. Together with the continuing management role as the MD and CEO 
of Affle, this would ensure credible and long-term entrepreneurial leadership 
commitment towards Affle's 10x growth journey and the compounding impact 
on our shareholders value creation! 
 
In Q3 FY2025, Affle delivered a landmark performance driven by our 
consistent focus on sustainable growth. For the first time, we surpassed INR 
6,000 million in quarterly revenue, INR 1,000 million in quarterly PAT and 
achieved over 100 million quarterly CPCU conversions at the highest CPCU 
rate till date. During the quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 20.6% y-
o-y and a PAT growth of 30.5% y-o-y. 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
3 
 
 
Our focused execution on higher productivity, operational efficiencies and 
continuous innovation enabled us to achieve highest-ever EBITDA of INR 1,314 
million and a record 245 basis points EBITDA margin expansion on a y-o-y 
basis. Our CPCU business delivered 103.3 million conversions at a CPCU rate 
of INR 57.8 and we earned CPCU revenue of INR 5,968 million, an increase of 
25.0% y-o-y and 10.2% q-o-q. 
 
In terms of 9M FY2025, we achieved revenue growth of 24.5% y-o-y and PAT 
growth of 32.9% y-o-y, and our CPCU revenue increased by 31.9% y-o-y. 
 
With global digital spending continuously on the rise, we see significant 
opportunities across our top verticals and key markets. India and global 
emerging markets together contributed 73.6% to our revenue in Q3 FY2025 
and grew by 19.7% y-o-y. 
 
Speaking of developed markets, our strategic initiatives in the recent past to 
integrate platforms, teams and operate with a single local entity structure 
in the U.S. makes us well hedged, and it derisks us from any currency risks 
or tariff risk, thus ensuring business stability. In Q3 FY2025, we saw a robust 
growth of 23.3% y-o-y in developed markets, and it contributed 26.4% to our 
quarterly revenue.  
Our consistent business momentum across geographies and industry verticals 
has strengthened the market position of our tech platforms. We continue to 
exceed our performance targets and are confident of delivering 20%+ growth 
in FY2025 and sustaining this growth trajectory ahead.  
The global macroeconomic environment has been marked with uncertainty; 
however, our industry tailwinds remain intact. Return On Advertising Spend 
known as RoAS, and ROI are more critical than ever before for our customers. 
Our unified Affle2.0 Consumer Platform Stack and our conversion-driven 
CPCU business model positions us at the forefront of delivering scalable and 
profitable outcomes for our customers globally. 
 
Our focus on innovation and investment in next-gen technologies, including 
AI, continues to strengthen our competitive moat. As we expand the use 
cases of our GenAI tech IP, we are proud to have received a new patent grant 
in India, further enhancing our comprehensive tech IP portfolio. We received 
the patent related to - System for switching and handover between one or 
more intelligent agent conversational agents. Additionally, we received one 
more patent grant in India that was already granted to us in the U.S. for - 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
4 
 
Method and systems to utilize advertisement fraud data for blacklisting 
fraudulent entities. This underscores our commitment towards responsible 
adoption of emerging AI tech to drive value for our customers. 
 
This quarter, we have included three customer approved case studies in our 
presentation. The first case study highlights our unique capabilities in scaling 
fintech services in India targeting high lifetime value (LTV) iOS and iPhone 
users. The second case study highlights our success in making urban mobility 
more efficient in global emerging markets with use of AI-led vernacular 
strategy and the third focuses on the E-commerce vertical, enabling deep 
funnel conversions in developed markets. 
 
Our Affle2.0 Consumer Platform Stack continues to be recognized as a top 
performer and recently won the ‘Best Partner Award’ at 2024 OPPO Ads 
Awards, Silver award in ‘AI and ML category’ at the Maddies 2024, ‘Best use 
of Martech’ at India Digital Awards and multiple other awards at MMA's 
Smarties APAC. 
 
Finally as also discussed in the last quarter's earnings call, to strengthen our 
governance, we have been onboarding new independent directors 
progressively since last year as part of the transition plan for some of the 
directors, who are completing their term this year. We aim to further 
augment our culture of tech innovations and entrepreneurial leadership with 
even deeper commitment towards consistent execution and attainment of 
our long-term 10x growth goals. 
 
With that, I now hand over the discussion to our CFO, Kapil Bhutani, to discuss 
the financials. Thank you and over to you, Kapil. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thank you Anuj. Good morning and hope all of you are keeping safe and well. 
We have continued to raise our performance bar to conclude Q3 FY2025 with 
highest-ever quarterly revenue, EBITDA, PAT and CPCU conversions. 
 
In Q3 FY2025, we delivered consolidated revenue of INR 6,017 million with a 
robust growth of 20.6% y-o-y, led by a broad-based business growth across 
our key industry verticals and in India & international markets. 
 
It also marks our 7th consecutive quarter of sequential growth with 10.8% q-
o-q increase in revenue. This highlights our ability to build success of each 
previous quarter as we continue to execute our strategic initiatives 
effectively across our business units.  

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
5 
 
In Q3, on a standalone basis, India revenue grew by 34.7% y-o-y, while on an 
adjusted basis, India growth was about 19.8% y-o-y. 
 
We delivered strong growth in operating profit with our EBITDA increasing by 
35.9% y-o-y and 15.9% q-o-q. This resulted in EBITDA of INR 1,314 million, 
reflecting a margin of 21.8% of revenue compared to 19.4% margin in Q3 last 
year. 
 
As guided in our previous calls, we continue to calibrate our platform 
offerings on to premium inventories, touch points and deeper ecosystem 
level partnership. Despite these ongoing calibrations, our unified Affle2.0 
Consumer Platform Stack continues to provide us operational efficiencies 
across our tech platforms, resulting in further decrease in our inventory and 
data costs, which stood at 60.3% of our revenue in this quarter versus 61.1% 
in the previous quarter sequentially. 
 
Our employee costs increased by 1.5% q-o-q but declined by 6.5% y-o-y, as 
our past investments in human resources coupled with integrated team 
strategies, continue to provide us efficiencies over the last 4 quarters, thus 
normalizing our human resource cost. 
 
Other expenses stood at 8.3% of the revenue versus 7.6% in the previous 
quarter, increasing primarily on account of our ongoing investments in 
business promotion activities to further capitalize on emerging opportunities 
across markets and maintain our growth momentum ahead. 
 
We continue to deliver higher Profits Before Tax. We achieved a Profit Before 
Tax of INR 1,237 million in this quarter, with an increase of 48.4% y-o-y and 
9.0% sequentially. 
 Our Profit After Tax for the quarter was INR 1,002 million, marking an 
increase of 30.5% y-o-y and 8.9% sequentially. 
 
Our operating cash flow for the nine months period was INR 2,837 million. 
We continue to prioritize efficient working capital. As such, there were no 
material changes in our collection risk. 
 
Our robust financial performance supported by a healthy balance sheet and 
strong cash flow generation has further cemented our competitive position 
in the Adtech industry. With performance advertising on the rise, we are 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
6 
 
well-positioned to seize emerging opportunities, driving sustained growth 
and continued success through FY2025 and beyond. 
 
With this, I end our presentation, let's open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital 
Markets Private Limited. 
Rahul Jain: 
Congrats on strong quarterly execution. My question pertains to how you see 
the environment both on the developed markets side and the emerging 
markets side. I specifically want to understand how the holiday season for 
retail space has played out because the commentary that we are hearing 
from the IT peers is that this has been a very strong quarter, and it was a 
strong holiday season. 
 
Similarly, in India, there is a lot of consumption theme buzz right now after 
the budget announcement. So, what is your view on both the sides? Secondly, 
how does that should shape up the seasonality for Q4 this time versus last 
time? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thank you for your question. In terms of the overall trend lines, you can see 
from our commentary and discussion that it is an all-around broad-based 
growth momentum that we have seen for many quarters and for many years 
in our company and this year is no different. 
 
This year, we are also seeing a lot of operating efficiencies coming into play, 
and that is because of the successful integrations and strategies that we put 
in place as well as our very good adoption of AI technologies across the board, 
helping our customers to get higher ROI and RoAS so that we can defend our 
prices. 
 
While the volume is going up and the business is growing, we are able to also 
increase our pricing. That is showing the strength and the premium nature of 
our business and that applies across verticals, across markets, be it India, 
emerging markets and even in developed markets. That momentum should 
definitely support our trajectory. 
 
Of course, in any advertising business, there is some seasonality. If you look 
at the historical track record of our company, we have always seen Q3 being 
the highest quarter and Q4 being flattish or sometimes a little bit lower than 
Q3. But given where we are today, our goal is to stay inspired. 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
7 
 
 
What we did in Q4 last year was we had beaten Q3 even though it was still 
flattish, and that seems a long-term trend that we are able to beat or meet 
Q3. So yes, seasonality plays an effect in Q3, but we have an overall growth 
momentum that is also helping us. 
 
When we go ahead and we get more budgets from our advertisers, it's not 
only about seasonality, it's about delivering performance, giving them ROI, 
RoAS and that becomes a strong case for winning new customers & getting 
more budgets from existing customers. We are hoping that Q4 will continue 
to be in line with what we have seen with Q3 and hopefully expecting more 
bottom-line efficiencies as we execute. 
 
We are optimistic. It's not only about Q4 but also going forward into the next 
financial years ahead, our commitment to deliver long-term 10x growth kind 
of goal that we have set for our company is intact. The thesis is intact and 
we are confident that we are on the right trajectory. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vijit Jain from Citi. 
Vijit Jain: 
Anuj, if you could broadly talk about how the overall ads ecosystem outside 
the big guys (walled gardens), has changed over the course of last 1 year. 
Any interest from your side in acquiring any supply side platforms or 
businesses now that it's been about 2 years since you last did acquired and 
integrated YouAppi? 
 
I asked that question because I keep seeing all these commentaries which 
suggest that having more first-party data or having more end-to-end offerings 
is attracting a lot of ad dollars, especially in the developed markets? Do you 
see that overall theme playing out? If you can give an overview from your 
vantage point? That will be very helpful. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Sure. One of our key unique aspects is that we offer a unified platform. It's 
an end-to-end unified platform and where we highlight a specific point that 
we are unifying and simplifying an otherwise fragmented and complicated 
digital ecosystem.  
 
What are we offering to our advertisers – It is end-to-end ROI-driven 
conversions with consumers, which includes not just the demand side, but 
also the supply side and all the other technology components that go within 
the system to deliver the end conversions. 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
8 
 
 
We are clearly a unified end-to-end platform. Of course, the revenue comes 
from the advertisers. Hence, the demand-side platform typically gets a lot 
of attention. But when you look at our whole structure, the Affle2.0 
Consumer Platform Stack, that is an end-to-end platform and its is a 
complete platform. 
 
Should we still look for an acquisition, whether on demand side or on supply 
side? Well, that depends on many factors. Typically, if you look at all our 
acquisitions, we have had a long gestation period. You may have seen a lot 
of acquisitions done since IPO, but we are very selective. We always wait for 
the right time.  We look at the targets carefully. We integrate them fully, 
maximize them fully and then we look at what's next. We are going to be 
careful in terms of what we do in terms of acquisitions next, but there is no 
particular gap in terms of our existing platforms capabilities or the 
comprehensive end-to-end capabilities that our platform today offers into 
the market. 
 
You talked about it highlighting the developed markets, where it's slightly 
different. I believe the fundamental thesis is the same. When we are going 
out and executing in developed markets, we are looking at premium 
touchpoints. We're looking at CTV, iOS devices, giving a CPCU-led conversion 
model, differentiating verticalization of our platforms and going into 
different industry verticals, serving those customers with ROI-oriented 
outcomes, and that is holding us in a good stead. 
 
Also, the customers are looking at learning from us. We are a thought leader 
in the market. We are going out there and sharing with them how we can 
deal with the new age GenAI use cases, whether it is in creative creation, 
content creation or even on Governance. How do you fight digital fraud 
where GenAI could be used in a good way or could some people, some actors 
out there use it in a bad way. Affle is not only creating patents but also 
creating use cases demonstrating that we do responsible adoption of AI. 
 
All of these factors, when you put that together, we have a strong 
competitive moat and a competitive advantage as we go out and execute. 
This is not something that we are now pivoting towards. We have always 
maintained this position of our platform since a very long time. 
 
Since our DRHP or the draft presentation roadshow, from 2018 to 2025, we 
are consistently talking about being an end-to-end platform, and these 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
9 
 
capabilities are inherent in our approach to the market. I hope that answers 
your question . 
Vijit Jain: 
Yes Anuj, that's helpful. My second question is just on the employee cost 
side. I believe the expectation at least I had here was there were going to be 
wage hikes in some geographies this quarter, but I see that the employee 
costs are down 7% Y-o-Y. So if you can just explain, is that just ongoing 
integration efficiencies and those kinds of things? Or is there more to it? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Absolutely. When you compare last year to this year, we have completed the 
full integration of all our platforms. Across markets, we have unified the 
teams, the entities and so on & so forth. There are some efficiencies that 
have also come from there. 
 
Of course, people have got appraisals. That's why you see sequentially, our 
cost has gone up. We do take care of our teams well. We also have a 
comprehensive stock option plan which many employees are a beneficiary 
of. Overall, we have a comprehensive structure. 
 
The team is super motivated and aligned. We are also enhancing the internal 
operating efficiencies because almost all the teams and departments are 
leveraging, not just the assistance, but the automation and the autonomy 
that we are deriving from using GenAI capabilities internally. 
 
Hence, we are able to do a lot more, a lot faster with the same number of 
people. So people can get paid more, they can be even more productive. We 
don't need to increase our workforce dramatically. We can keep growing our 
revenues and our productivity without increasing headcount. I believe that 
you will continue to see, especially in tech platform-driven scalable 
companies and businesses. 
 
We are certainly one and we are realizing the full power of it. It's quite a 
fantastic thing that has have happened to us. We are unlocking new use cases 
and new ways to drive even higher productivity. Everybody is way more 
productive and therefore, that leads to employee satisfaction and the value 
creation. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Swapnil Potdukhe from JMFL. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
My questions are mainly growth related, and I will start off with your 
emerging markets growth. My back of the analysis says that there has been 
some tapering of growth in Other emerging markets in this particular quarter. 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
10 
 
Just want to understand, is there any particular reason for that? Or is it macro 
related? 
 
I mean it would be great if you can just help us understand how does your 
growth stack up versus the underlying market growth in other emerging 
markets? Also follow-up to that, a similar analysis to your 19.8% growth in 
India for this quarter versus the broader digital Ad tech market growth in the 
country? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: All right. First of all, I am satisfied with the broad-based growth and 
performance of our company. The emphasis for us this year consistently has 
been on deriving not just growth, but growth together with deeper 
profitability and better pricing. 
 
It is not just to be seen in one dimension of growth. It has to be seen as 
premium growth, premium conversions, better price conversions and better 
profitability. We are choosing the business that we want to do in order to 
achieve the growth that we have, while attaining all of those metric points 
leading all the way down to positive free cash flows. 
 
When we work across emerging markets, it's extremely important to know 
how you are pricing the customers. Generally, the willingness of a customer 
to pay or how promptly they eventually pay to us; all of these factors are 
considered when dealing with customers and we have a very disciplined 
execution. 
 
The sales team can bring an order, but until we go through the check on all 
of the fronts, whether the pricing is right, whether the payment terms are 
right, we make sure all of that is taken care of and then we onboard the 
business or a campaign. 
 
I am satisfied about this approach because that shows disciplined, sustainable 
cash flow positive and profitable growth for our company, and that's what 
we are achieving across markets. 
 
This discipline is important because our company is running across so many 
countries and therefore, the process to ensure that we are achieving each of 
these metrics well and therefore, delivering sustainable and sensible growth 
is what you are seeing in the results. There is no other factor to that. 
 
If we look at it from one quarter to another, I suggest you should probably 
do the analysis back of the envelope even on a broader sense and you would 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
11 
 
find that it is sustainable, sensible growth, and there is no real trend of 
tapering off or any particular concern on that front. 
 
I, as a CEO don't have that concern that we have any area of tapering of 
growth. It's a sensible execution that I am pushing for in the company.  
The same goes for India. We are always making sure that just because our 
business volumes are growing, there should be no customer coming out and 
saying, "Can I get a discount? Or can I get a lower pricing and so on?" We keep 
it competitive, premium and that has been our approach. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay. I get your point on the sustainable profitability improvement as well 
while pushing for growth, which is evident on your gross margin. You have 
been able to maintain or slightly improve the gross margins. But if I were to 
just extrapolate that, are you suggesting by any chance that gross margins 
will keep on improving, and henceforth, we are close to around 39% right 
now. Should we see that improvement going ahead? In pursuit of that, you 
are okay with slightly less growth versus the broader market growth? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: No, I wouldn't say that. We are an aggressive company. We are not saying 
less on anything. It is not always a trade-off. We have a business plan of 
achieving long-term 10x growth for our company. On that business plan, you 
have to calibrate and say how much growth at what parameters. 
 
For each of those parameters, revenue growth, margin percentage, operating 
efficiencies, profit, cash flow, we are monitoring all of those metrics in an 
integrated fashion. Therefore, it is important for us to make sure that we 
must achieve all of them, it's not just one of them. It's not okay to say that 
let's go for margin and okay, let's go for lesser revenue. No, it's not like that. 
We can get all of it. 
 
But we need to be positioning ourselves right. If we position ourselves for 
right kind of customers who will continue to increase their spends, who will 
pay us well, who themselves make enough ROI from those consumer 
transactions that they don't mind paying us what we ask for earning for 
ourselves. Now that's where we are going.  
So give the clients premium conversions, high LTV consumer conversions. 
Then you can extract the right kind of margin, the right kind of execution 
and then internal efficiencies come into place. We are looking at it 
holistically. I don't think it's a necessary trade-off. So far, we have not 
reached that place in terms of a trade-offs.  

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
12 
 
We have a plan and we stick to it. If we are achieving that plan with all 
metrics achieved, that's the outcome we look for in every result that we're 
aiming for. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Arun Prasath: 
Anuj, my first question continues with the previous participant's discussion. 
So what I infer was that in emerging markets, probably there are some 
pockets of challenges in collecting money and hence you let go of those 
business or chose not to take the business, and hence, in the emerging 
markets, growth is lower than the developed markets. Is this the right 
takeaway from your explanation? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: No, I don't think that is correct. What is the right way to understand what I 
said earlier is to say that we are not looking at it only at one dimension. What 
we are saying is that there are many kinds of organizational cultures. There 
are some companies where sales is king. Anybody brings an order, okay, let's 
just take it on, even if it means there is lesser margin or even if people think 
they can solve the problem later on.  
Affle's culture is not that way. The DNA of the company is that we will look 
at all the metrics to be achieved successfully in all campaigns in all markets 
across all customers. That's disciplined execution should not be seen as there 
is a certain element of risk. 
 
Let me give you a simple example. At any given moment when, let's say, you 
are using your device and we can show you one ad. Now to you as a consumer, 
we will show you, say, one ad at any one given moment, which ad should we 
show? 
 
The decision-making algorithm that is working on this is saying, what is the 
probability of getting the conversion from this person? Therefore, let's show 
a particular advertiser's ad. But then you would also look at which advertiser 
is bidding at a higher price for that moment. 
 
If we get a higher price, is that going to translate to higher margin? If it 
translates to higher margin, will we also eventually get the collection? The 
whole risk management algorithm from first consumer decision-making to 
conversion decision-making to profitability and margin and cash flow 
decisions, is all seeded as part of the algorithmic decision-making, which is 
made in split seconds. 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
13 
 
 
When there is a moment of truth, when are you on your device, you're using 
an app, the algorithm that's working behind is doing all of this calculation in 
every split moment of decision-making. It's not like Kapil and Anuj are sitting 
there and just saying, okay, let's not take this or take that. 
 
Even if we take all the business on board and without putting the necessary 
checks and balances, the technology stack as well as the DNA of the 
organization will insist otherwise because even the salespeople, they earn 
commissions only on collections. Even the salesperson is going to check 
themselves and the algorithm will check. 
 
This is a sensible, sustainable profitable growth plan and execution DNA of 
the company. That's all that I'm saying. Now I'm not sure why you would want 
to interpret it as a trade-off between revenue or collections or something. 
This is the algorithm. This is the DNA of the company. 
Arun Prasath: 
Anuj, thanks, that's already a broad explanation, but I just wanted to double 
check on the disparity - I mean slightly better growth in developed markets 
versus emerging Markets. Is there any single driver that you would like to 
point out, say, a certain verticals doing well or certain geographies doing 
well, which is not doing well probably in emerging Markets? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I would just say that in terms of the organizational emphasis, you would have 
seen that we were last year turning around developed markets. Therefore, 
there is a certain momentum that it creates in terms of where are you 
attending more marketing events, where are you investing a bit more effort 
in terms of thought leadership and so on. 
 
It's just a case of organizational momentum. I don't think it has to be read 
into anything. We are constantly calibrating towards maximizing growth in 
all regions, but there could be an effect of the fact that we were so deeply 
focused on turning around North America, we are seeing a natural momentum 
carryover effect of that, and I think that should continue. 
 
I wouldn't read into it as if there is any weakness in one or there is any unique 
carved out strength in any vertical in developed markets. But what I am 
seeing it is broad-based growth across all markets. To me, the trend lines 
look fairly sensible on a broad basis. 
Arun Prasath: 
Yes. Understood. My second question is on our past acquisitions, especially 
Jampp and YouAppi. Now would you say that in terms of what you can control 
and what they can do, you have done completely all of that. I am sure you 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
14 
 
would have done that. But in terms of output, that is in terms of let’s say, 
margins or profitability levels, do you think we have reached the levels 
satisfactory to you? Or is it still some way to catch up from the rest of the 
portfolio? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I am satisfied with what we have done so far in integrating, turning around. 
Acquisitions are not always straightforward, but the kind of conviction with 
which we have done the integration and the outcomes that we have seen, I 
would say that our team has done a fantastic job of making sure that each of 
our acquired businesses has been integrated properly. 
 
Of course, there were many challenges, but also in terms of margin 
expansion, optimizing for greater growth or cross-selling, upselling 
opportunities, the technology stack efficiencies. I wouldn't change too much 
in terms of what we are looking out as outcomes. 
 
But going forward, there are some new opportunities of greater scalability 
and better efficiencies. We are still work in progress on that as an 
organization. We will keep tapping into that and hopefully deliver better 
results as we go along. 
Arun Prasath: 
Just that in terms of profitability gap, do you think still you can close the 
gap? Or this is the kind of a steady-state level for those acquired platforms 
like Jampp and YouAppi? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: The integration is complete. Now, I would no longer go and look at it on a 
piecemeal basis that, okay, let's optimize this or that. Because once you 
integrate everything over a period of 3 to 5 years, it becomes harder to 
separate it out and measure it or optimize it like that. 
 
But as a holistic, one whole cash flow generating unit, there are efficiencies 
to be extracted, and that has to do with various things that I already talked 
about in my comments that we are working on and optimizing & making sure 
that we can be even more efficient than we have been. There are certain 
initiatives that are still underway that will extract better efficiencies going 
forward. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood. Finally, if I can squeeze in one bookkeeping question for Kapil. 
Kapil, can you share what is the proportion of our revenue which is fully 
invoiced, billed and received in U.S. dollars or the currencies which catered 
to the U.S. dollars? 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
15 
 
Kapil Bhutani: 
The international market business that is our non-India business is 
predominantly in USD. 
Arun Prasath: 
Including in emerging markets, we bill it in USD? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Yes. Most of our entities, except in India, work on USD as our functional 
currency. 
Arun Prasath: 
So, roughly 2/3 of our revenue is billed in U.S. dollars? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Yes approximately. You can say that approximately 2/3 of that can be in U.S. 
dollars. However, as our cost of operations are also in USD, it's all naturally 
hedged. 
Arun Prasath: 
So, our costs and revenue are both in USDs at a margin level. With rupee 
depreciation, should that help us at the margin level? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
As I mentioned while answering your first question, our cost of inventory and 
data costs are also in USD predominantly. So if my revenues are 60% in USD, 
then 70% of my cost is in USD. That’s naturally hedged for us. There are no 
major exchange gains or losses, which we confront. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Deepak from Sundaram Mutual 
Fund. 
Deepak: 
Congratulations on good result and crossing 100 million converted users. If I 
look at your CPCU rate, now this is the highest CPCU rate we have delivered 
in this quarter. You have indicated that in the past also that as we go more 
premium, this is likely to inch up further, which is showing in the numbers. 
But those premium inventory come at the premium cost as well. But if I look 
at your inventory cost per converted user, it has largely remained flattish Q2 
to Q3. We have managed it well. I wanted to understand how did we do that? 
Is it because we are doing more OEM-level partnerships where we are able to 
negotiate better ad placements? Or is it less to do with experimenting with 
marketing campaigns? What is that which is helping us maintain our inventory 
cost lower, but our CPCU rate going higher? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I would attribute that completely to the strength of our platform and 
algorithm and not to some one-off here or there partnership or cases or a 
particular category of execution. End of the day when our platform operates, 
it looks at consumer conversions without being biased by a particular 
category of inventory. We are talking about billions and trillions of data 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
16 
 
points being processed and decisions being made on the fly. The only reason 
for us to do that efficiently is by not just targeting premium consumers, but 
also knowing that premium consumers means that you can't bombard them 
with ads. 
 
You just want to make sure that you show the minimum number of ads to get 
the maximum number of conversions and that's the job of algorithm, and we 
are doing it well. 
Deepak: 
Okay. Second question is to Kapil. What I could see is that whatever cost we 
are saving on the inventory front, we are investing back into the business. 
That is why our other expenses is kind of elevated. It was 20% Q-o-Q growth. 
I understand that because Q3 is a seasonally strong quarter for us. So going 
ahead, what could be the quarterly run rate of these Other expenses? Will it 
come down because it was more to do with seasonality? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
As mentioned in our previous calls, we have been focusing on attending a lot 
of events from last 5 quarters. You would have seen increase in this line item 
steadily. We expect that this line item to stabilize or grow a little as our 
focus to reach out to or convince the customers is going to be there for the 
next 4 quarters. We want the customers to get more understanding of how 
to get more RoAS or ROI from the campaigns they run with us and how to 
compare us with other clients. 
Deepak: 
Okay. Then, sir, what would be our margin target, let's say, going forward in 
FY26? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
We are expecting EBITDA to stabilize at around 23% in the medium-term, and 
PAT to be around 17% to 18% in the medium-term.  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Medium term doesn't mean the next year, it just means that over the course 
of the business growth plans of the company, we will obviously keep inching 
up as we go along. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Just one line, if you will see last 3 quarters of the previous year and these 3 
quarters, this is where our emphasis is to reach out to and educate more 
clients on our business on how we are delivering better than the other 
competitors of ours. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
17 
 
Lokesh Manik: 
Anuj, congratulations for being the appointed Chairperson for the next 10 
years, alongwith continuing as the MD and CEO. We hope we will have the 
similar journey what we have seen in the last 6 years as well and maybe 
more. Anuj, my question was on the Facebook coming out with Advantage+. 
 
Now it seems that they are enabling their own users or their own advertisers 
to optimize their campaign. Does this become a competitive threat for us in 
the sense that they have been thrown to not share data, but through AI, they 
can solve that problem for advertisers? Do you see that as a threat in the long 
term with the walled gardens? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Look, the fact that each of these platforms have to adapt to the needs of the 
advertisers seeking higher ROI and higher RoAS and to open up a bit more. 
That is a good trend line and that's the trend line that will help us a lot more 
because still a lot of the advertisers have the inertia of spending for 
impressions and clicks versus going for deeper funnel conversions or paying 
for deeper funnel conversion. 
 
This is a positive trend line. As far as the advertisers' budgets are concerned, 
at least in the last two decades, we have seen that the advertisers' budgets 
have been earmarked separately for some of the walled gardens and then a 
separate bucket for dealing with the non-walled gardens. We have seen that 
the spends on the non-walled garden side are growing. The thesis is clear 
that it should grow more because the advertisers are over-calibrated on how 
much they have been spending on Facebook or Google. So, going forward, I 
expect the balance of power to shift. As the advertisers become better aware 
of what's out there as well as with automation and AI, we would see a greater 
amount of budget spends moving out from the organizational inertia because 
the advertisers today have big teams just working on Google, big teams just 
working on Meta or Facebook. 
 
So a lot of times, the budget allocation is because of the internal organization 
structure that we have these big teams, we have to give them that budget. I 
believe over the next few years, we will see a transformation, where budgets 
will balance out more in favour of the non-walled gardens platforms, and we 
think that we will be significant beneficiaries of that. 
 
I don't see a threat with respect to what Meta is doing at the moment. What 
we see instead is an opportunity that we could go to the advertisers and 
educate them and say, "Hey, open it up. Open up the budget, and let's see, 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
18 
 
let the optimization algorithms dictate where the end goal will lead to better 
performance." 
 
Now let me give you one insight. If you talk to the teenagers today, I believe 
most of them would tell you that they are not using Facebook as much. That's 
a challenge,  at least in the markets where I have direct connect, or even in 
my own family, I see no young teenager using Facebook. Facebook has a very 
our generation kind of a usage pattern, but the youth is not on it. That's the 
problem, because the advertisers know that they will go after this particular 
segment. 
 
If you look at emerging markets where there are new rural to urban users 
who are new smartphone users, who are emerging in India, Indonesia or 
Africa or Brazil and all of these markets, again, those guys are not having 
that affinity that, hey, I am going to go to social media and post something 
on Facebook. The trend lines are shifting and a lot of the government 
regulations clipping the power of some of these bigger platforms for various 
reasons, regulatory or otherwise, is actually working to our advantage. I am 
not seeing it as a threat at the moment at all. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Understood. But even from the point of view, these tools basically enable 
the internal team of advertisers to become more competitive versus you 
where you have that edge today to deliver better ROI based on your tech 
stack. From an enabler point of view, for these walled gardens to enable the 
internal team, does this increase the competition for you between the 
advertisers' internal team and you to allocate budgets? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Not exactly. We also give our platforms and tools to those advertisers and 
the teams, and we are also educating them that it's competitive bidding. For 
example, Advertiser A is competing with Advertiser B to drive conversions on 
Affle's platform. Those teams have the tools and the ability to say, "I want to 
bid higher because I want higher volume." Otherwise,  they are not getting 
enough conversions from Affle's platform if they don't bid high enough. 
 
That is how we are able to maintain our premium pricing. We have around 
1,000 advertisers campaigns live at any given time, and we have to show one 
ad. For a platform like ours, we also empower the advertisers and we believe 
that this is not a scenario where the internal teams should not be 
empowered.  

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
19 
 
 
We have to bid and optimize for how much conversions they are looking for, 
and it's competitive bidding. If they price themselves for conversions too low, 
Affle platform and algorithm will not serve out their ad campaign because 
the other advertisers are willing to bid higher and get it. It is very competitive 
and we as a company, have always gone out and empowered our customers. 
About 75% of our revenue is direct with customers and about 25% of it through 
agency platforms. We are very much advocating to the agencies as well as 
the advertisers, that their teams need to be empowered, educated, given 
the tools to see in real-time what is happening in their campaigns with full 
transparency. 
 
In terms of the model, if they want higher volume, they have to pay more, 
and that is how we are keeping it aligned. I don't see that as a threat. The 
kind of users that Facebook can convert for these advertisers versus the kind 
of users that we can convert for these advertisers might be very different. 
There is no apple-to-apple comparison. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital 
Private Limited. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Anuj, congrats on a good set of numbers. One slightly futuristic question in 
terms of - we were in an era where we used to separate out non-genuine 
machine traffic and focus on human conversion, but with Authentic AI, you 
will have machines driving conversions. How are we preparing for that? How 
soon can this emerge as one more mode of conversion? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks for asking that question. For benefit of everybody else, let me be a 
bit more descriptive. What is being asked here is that when we talk about 
fraudulent entities, we fundamentally, in the past, could simplify it and say 
that these are non-human entities or fraudulent bots. Going forward, there 
will be a new entity, which is, let's say, authenticated bots or agents acting 
on behalf of entities which could be organizations, could be individuals. Some 
of those entities might also do some conversions online. 
 
For example, your refrigerator might be empowered to place an order for 
certain groceries up to a certain price limit based on a refrigerator home 
agent, which is acting on a delegated behalf, where it says, okay, it's INR 
1,000 every week you can spend on buying groceries. Now, how do you sort 
of see whether that is an authentic agent or is it a non-human interaction. 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
20 
 
 
The wild visualization of the future all of us can do, but in terms of adoption 
curve, the adoption of AI and the adoption of such intelligent agents is today 
faster than the adoption that we saw of Internet and the adoption that we 
saw of PCs prior to that. 
 
If you look at the technology innovation landscape, and in that, you see how 
quickly personal computers were adopted. How quickly in an organization 
everybody must have a personal computer. How quickly everybody must have 
a smartphone to how everybody should be connected to Internet. Now the 
adoption curve of AI or GenAI by end consumers is clearly faster than all of 
what we have seen in the technology world. These possibilities are real, and 
they will certainly happen. If you look at our patent portfolio, how we are 
talking about verticalized, specialized agents, conversational agents, 
switching of context from one to the other, how do we take care of fraud in 
these kind of context where there could be impersonalization, where 
somebody is acting, or you have an authenticated agent and where other 
agent is acting as if it's your agent - all these complexities will certainly come 
in. 
 
We have to the largest extent built that into our roadmap and it's already 
indicated in the IP portfolio. Some of the patents are already granted, as I 
talked about earlier, but we are clearly on that path and keeping ourselves 
future proof and future ready. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Okay. Sure. Just one bookkeeping question for Kapil. What was the 
intangible's capitalization for the nine month period? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
It's about USD 12 million for the nine months. We are broadly in line for the 
last 3 quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika 
Institutional Equities. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
I just have one question. The pace of development and innovation in AI is 
moving at rapid scale. Do you think any way it will impact our business model 
going forward? The way cost curve is falling in developing LLM and AI that we 
have witnessed in past 1 month. Your thought on the same thing? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: There are two three sort of aspects to looking at, when you look at 
technology progression. There is technology progression at fundamental 
scientific level, where people are still building the underlying layers of 
science to power AI. Initially, the cost of doing that is very high. Then with 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
21 
 
every incremental change, the cost becomes lesser and lesser. What we have 
seen with computing earlier, those computers were quite expensive to make 
and then became cheaper and cheaper, more power inside the hands of the 
consumer at a much more affordable cost. 
 
From core scientific progression to what we call applied science,  once it 
goes into an application level, and you start seeing more applications coming, 
so those becomes more bite-size, more usable and even a layman can start 
sort of using that. That's sort of one dimension of the technology curve that 
we are talking about, and that's linked to the earlier question from Ashwin 
as well. 
 
The second part of it is in terms of business model. The business model that 
we are offering is a fundamental business model. The fundamental business 
model, meaning that we are taking the risk off the table from our advertisers 
while giving them full power, transparency, trackability as well as their 
ability to decide their budget and pricing. But we are taking the risk factors 
out of them in the sense that once they get a conversion, that's when they 
pay. 
 
For example, when Ashwin asked, what if there is a fraudulent conversion? 
So when there's a fraudulent conversion that the chances of a non-authentic 
bot paying on behalf of you to deliver something to you is highly unlikely. But 
if it does happen, as far as our advertiser is concerned, they would only pay 
when they receive the ROI. 
 
The point that I am making is that we are taking the risk off the table from 
our advertiser side and therefore, ability to command premium pricing, 
conversion-led pricing, taking the onus of technology innovation and dealing 
with that in comprehensive ways is a defensible and long-term business 
model.  When you do outcome-led pricing, that is actually the holy grail of 
business, where you are telling somebody I am going to deliver you X value 
and when you get that X value, then you pay me a proportionate justifiable 
appropriate value from it. That is a strong business model. 
 
The business model will hold good going forward, especially when the 
complexities and technology go up, the need for a tech platform like ours, in 
between to bridge that, to simplify that and to unify that for the advertisers, 
while keeping them derisked and saying you pay when you make money, is, I 
believe, defensible, but I will still watch it closely. 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
22 
 
 
If along the way we see that any fine-tuning is required to the business 
model, then we will keep the market and the stakeholders proactively 
informed. But at the moment, our business model is robust and defensible. 
It is based on financial fundamentals that shouldn't change.  
The need for our tech stack and platform and to de-risk the advertisers is 
only going to increase. The complexities are going to increase. There is a 
need for a tech platform like ours and therefore, the dependence of 
advertisers on a platform like ours and willingness to pay for it, should only 
become better going forward in my opinion. But let's wait and see how the 
world unfolds. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rucheeta Kadge from I-WEALTH. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Sir, most of my questions are answered. My only question is on the taxation 
rate. Going forward, what should we assume? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Our long-term tax rates will be in the range of 19%, plus / minus a few basis 
points on a long-term basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Onkar Ghugardare from Shree 
Investments. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
My question was actually a follow-up to the earlier questions asked about 
tapering of growth. If you see the percentage growth, it has been coming off, 
even though you mentioned that you are choosing the growth which is 
favouring operational efficiency. So just wanted a thought on that because 
earlier, it was around, say, 28%-30%. Last quarter, it was around 24%-25%. 
This quarter is closer to 20%. Just wanted a thought on that and your guidance 
on that. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I am very satisfied with the kind of growth that we have seen. It is exceeding 
the growth guidance or targets that we have defined for ourselves, whether 
it is our internal business plans, which are approved by the Board or whether 
it is the commentary that we have shared with our investors and 
stakeholders. 
 
That clearly shows that we are in control of what's happening. We are able 
to realistically predict the trajectory and to deliver on that. The fact that 
we have exceeded on all those expectations, whether it's on revenue growth 
or on profitability growth or on cash flows, it's a  clear trend towards 

Affle (India) Limited 
February 10, 2025 
 
23 
 
sustainable long-term growth. So our base of business has grown, but we are 
still in a large addressable market. 
 
For many years ahead, we can see this kind of a broad-based, all-round, 
sensible, sustainable, profitable cash flow positive growth for our company. 
If you are feeling that it is tapering off and you are feeling that it's not 
sufficient, I would request you to recalibrate that based on what you have 
heard today. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Okay. You maintained the upwards of 20% kind of growth with expanding 
margin on a medium-term basis? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Yes, absolutely. That's how we should be modelled. If you are modelling us 
on a long-term basis, model us towards the direction of 10x growth for the 
company and consistent long-term sensible execution, balanced execution in 
terms of revenue growth and defending margins, improving operating 
efficiencies and delivering better than revenue growth on bottom line 
growth. That's who we are and that's what we will deliver. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thank you everyone for joining the call today, and I hope this conversation 
continues. I look forward to our next quarter call which will mark the end of 
this financial year. We hope that the emerging technology trends as well as 
the commentary and the case studies that we are providing are helping you 
build a deeper understanding and appreciation for the fundamental moat and 
the business model that we have. This has been a good discussion. I wish all 
of you well and I look forward to the next opportunity to present to you. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Dolat Capital Markets Private Limited, 
that concludes this conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
*** end *** 
 
