 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
1231, 3rd Floor, Solitaire Corporate Park, 167, Guru Hargovind Marg, Chakala, Andheri (East),  
Mumbai 400 093 I Tel.: +91 22 66919477/78 I CIN: L01110RJ2006PLC047173 I  
Web: www.bajajconsumercare.com 
Registered Office: Old Station Road, Sevashram Chouraha, Udaipur- 313 001, Rajasthan  
Tel.: +91 0294-2561631, 2561632 
                                       
 
           
 
 
 
February 21, 2025 
 
 
To: 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trade Wing 
Rotunda Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 023 
 
Stock Code: 533229 
To: 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block 
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
 
Stock Code: BAJAJCON 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Conference Call transcripts (Scrip Code: NSE: BAJAJCON BSE: 533229) 
 
Please find attached a copy of the Conference Call transcripts in respect of Bajaj 
Consumer Care Limited dated February 14, 2025. 
 
The same may please be taken on record and disseminated to all. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vivek Mishra 
Head-Legal & Company Secretary 
Membership No.: A21901 
 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 
VIVEK 
MISHRA
Digitally signed 
by VIVEK 
MISHRA 
Date: 2025.02.21 
11:23:07 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Bajaj Consumer Care Limited Q3 & 9M FY-25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIDEEP NANDI – MANAGING DIRECTOR, BAJAJ 
CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
MR. DILIP KUMAR MALOO – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, BAJAJ CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
MR. RICHARD D'SOUZA – AVP, FINANCE, BAJAJ 
CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MR. KARAN BHUWANIA – ICICI SECURITIES 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 
baj~ coNsuMrn CARE 
II ICICI Securities 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9 months FY25 results conference 
call of Bajaj Consumer hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder all participants’ line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhuwania from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you sir.  
Karan Bhuwania: 
Thank you, Larik. Good evening, everyone. It's our pleasure at ICICI Securities to host Q3FY25 
Results Conference Call of Bajaj Consumer Care. 
From the management we have Mr. Jaideep Nandi, Managing Director, Mr. Dilip Kumar Maloo, 
Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Richard D'Souza, AVP, Finance. I will hand over the call to 
Management for their opening remarks, post which we can open for Q&A. Thank you sir. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you Karan and good afternoon, everyone and thank you for participating in this Q3 FY25 
earnings call. First let me apologize for this delay of half an hour. Actually, the board meeting 
got a little delayed because the board was deliberating on a special matter. And I will cover this 
in the later part of my opening remarks.  
So, before that let me take you through the company's performance for the 3rd Quarter and the 
nine months ended December 31st, 2024, before we open the floor for questions. The 
consolidated sales for the company stood at 230.7 crores for Q3 FY25 and INR 703 crores for 
9M FY25. Consolidated sales declined by 2.4% in the quarter and 4.2% for 9M FY25. Gross 
margin for Q3 FY24 on a standalone basis stood at 51.8% lower by 150 basis points YoY. While 
for 9M FY25 the margin stood at 53.2% lower by 97 basis points. The contraction in gross 
margin was partially on account of lower margins in coconut oil portfolio. While we took a price 
increase in Q3 in coconut oil portfolio of about 5%. It could not completely offset the cheaper 
copra price inflation during the quarter. Subsequently we have taken another round of price 
increase in high single digits in the portfolio in January ‘25 to mitigate the cost inflation. And 
we plan to take further price increase to cross the inflation that has been seen in the copra prices. 
Also, higher saliency of coconut oil also resulted in a little bit of gross margin dilution.  
The standalone EBITDA for the quarter stood at 29.3 crores while for the 9M FY25 EBITDA 
stood at 102.5 crores with margins of 13% and 15% respectively. The EBITDA margins for the 
quarter was impacted YoY on account of combination of specific factors like gross margin 
dilution as explained above. Investments in Project Aarohan for improving our representation 
reach and ways of working in GT channel, one time investment in IT infrastructure in Q3 for 
improving our technology enablement and increasing number of ISRs to increase retail coverage.  
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
The standalone profit after tax stood at 27.5 crores for Q3FY25 and INR 98.7 crores for 9M 
FY25. GT channel registered a single digit decline in Q3, FY25 and 9M FY25. On a sequential 
basis secondary sale grew by 4% driven by marginal growth in retail and double-digit growth in 
wholesale channel and we see wholesale stabilizing now as a result. Initiatives were taken to 
reduce inventory levels also of distributors by four days in the quarter to improve ROI. The 
secondary sales for the quarter was higher than primary by INR 7 crores.  
Our retail loyalty program registered a growth of 27% for Q3FY25 and 35% for 9M FY25. The 
program contribution now stands at 11% for Q3 and 9M FY25 and this will continue to remain 
a focus area for the company. We have been streamlining our distribution network to improve 
efficiency and reach. Our VAN network during COVID period which was crucial for reaching 
remote rural markets is now being optimized to also optimized costs. High throughput VANs 
have been converted into direct coverage through sub stockage based on Project Aarohan 
recommendations. Further rationalization VANs are expected to be done in Phase-2 of Project 
Aarohan which would lead to further optimization of cost. While VAN rationalization has 
resulted in some temporary disruption in business, we expect the rural sub stockage business to 
streamline and deliver strong performance going forward with rationalized cost to sales.  
In relation to improving the quality of distributor channel, we have automated the appointment 
and separation process via new workflow enforced through technology enablement where we 
had incurred the IT cost. The RTM Revamp Project Aarohan has made significant progress as 
of December ‘24 and is now operational across the entire states of UP and MP. Representation 
changes have been identified in terms of Sub-DB to direct DB, VAN and satellite coverage to 
Sub-DB. Nearly 90% of these identified changes have already been actioned upon in both States 
of UP and MP. Similarly, a large number of previously unrepresented towns have been brought 
under coverage. Direct Reach has also expanded substantially with UP coverage increasing from 
42.4K to about 58.6K outlets, which is about 1.4x, and MP from 15K to 24K outlets which is 
about an increase of 1.6x. These changes are expected to increase sales significantly in the near 
to medium term. In the Phase-2 of Project Aarohan, we plan to cover all other major states in 
India over the next four quarters. Our geotagging initiative has made significant progress with 
all 3.3 lakh urban outlets now geotagged and geofenced. This initiative will help us to enhance 
sales force efficiency and optimize cost to sales in the coming quarters.  
The organized trade business continues to register a robust growth of 22% YoY in Q3 and 14% 
for 9M FY25. Modern trade channels registered a growth of 10% led by Diwali activations with 
ADHO achieving an impressive 18% growth in that channel. While value added hair oils in 
DMart saw a decline, Bajaj was the only brand to record growth gaining 300 bps share. The 
launch of 525 ml SKU of Bajaj 100% pure coconut in Apollo resulted in 44% growth in Q3 
FY25. Modern trade B2B posted a 40% growth driven by the addition of 175 new stores in metro 
cash ‘n’ carry. 
The E-commerce channel continued to witness robust growth of 39% in Q3 YoY and 28% in 
9M FY25. Quick commerce, which has been a focus area for the company, grew by 72% YoY 
contributing to 10% of their business compared to 7% last year with Swiggy and Zepto recording 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
their highest ever secondary sales. Bajaj 100% pure coconut registered a growth of 40% YoY. 
AD lotion achieved its highest secondary sales in Q3FY25. 
Myntra recorded its highest ever offtake in Q3 driven by ADHO and NPDs. CPC and CSD 
institutional sales grew by 25% in the Quarter. Growth institutions were enhanced by cross-
category consumer promotion activations. 
International business on a consolidated basis registered growth of 23% in the quarter and 19% 
for 9M FY25 YoY. Bangladesh doubled its top line in Q3 YoY and registered 49% growth for 
9M FY25 despite political challenges in the country. Digital engagement activities generated 
significant reach with 7 million engagements and 13.7 million impressions in Q3FY25.  
Steady growth was witnessed in GCC in Africa, UAE and Lower Gulf saw a healthy growth of 
21% for 9M FY25. Opening of new markets in Iraq, Pakistan and Angola aided this growth. We 
launched our first ever ATL campaign in UAE to raise awareness about hair fall reduction 
reaching about 2.3 million consumers with VTRs of 65% across YouTube and Meta platforms. 
The rest of the world registered growth of 12% YoY and 26% for 9M FY25. This was broad 
based across countries with top five countries Australia, Canada, Malaysia, Tibet and US 
constituting 73% of the business growing at 35% YoY. Nepal grew by 5% in Q3 YoY and 28% 
for 9M FY25 supported by launch of NPD's outdoor visibility and in store promotion for CNO, 
virgin CNO and Serum. The digital influencer engagement for virgin CNO achieved a reach of 
5 lakhs with 7% engagement. 
During the quarter we launched our new ADHO campaign featuring Kiara Advani. The launch 
campaign delivered ~840 GRPs with a 21% share of voice in HSM market for Q3 FY25. This 
comes from the backdrop of overall lower TV spends by hair oil companies in the quarter. In 
digital we reached a reach of about 2.5 crores on key OTT platforms. ASP was increased by 
190% sequentially on account of the new TV Media Ads. ADHO witnessed a single digit decline 
year-on-year while on a sequential basis it remained flat. Large and mid-packs continue to 
perform better than the small pack. New consumer offers resulted in good traction in large packs 
in Indian markets. This quarter we also introduced a 24 ml pack of INR 10 with an improved 
value proposition and size perception for consumers. This will help in the recruitment of new 
consumers for ADHO.  
The AD hair and skin range is scaling up well, registered a strong growth of 50% in the quarter 
and 39% in the growth for 9M FY25, led by growth across major platforms. Regime kits 
introduced for AD shampoo and conditioners saw positive momentum from activation in large 
E-commerce players during the festive season. AD body lotion sales on E-commerce were 
boosted by a new pack launch and influencer marketing campaign. AD soaps grew by 14% in 
OT and brand is performing well on Flipkart Grocery. AD Serum saw a high single digit growth 
in Q3 and 16% overall. Bajaj 100% Pure Oil registered a growth of 8% in Q3, 19% for 9M 
FY25, the product has been scaling up well and has reached an all-India market share of 2%. 
The brand has attained strong close to double digit market share in traditional Bajaj stronghold 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
States of Punjab, Rajasthan, MP and UP, Maharashtra has also been seeing growth in market 
share. We also launched 525 ml in Apollo which has boosted offtakes by about 25%.  
Moving on to input costs, our LLP continued its downward trend in Q3 due to reduced demand 
and lower crude oil prices. However, it is getting offset by refined mustard oil which has 
increased due to higher import duties on edible oils. The global edible oil also saw price increase. 
Copra price has increased substantially over the past two quarters. The company is taking steps 
to improve gross margins and profitability structurally, while we have taken rounds of price 
increases in CNO including in this quarter, we will keep taking further price increases for the 
same proactively going forward. Also, we are planning to take graded price increases in ADHO 
in the coming quarters to further improve margins on the same. Structurally, we are also 
rationalizing our trade inputs and incentive structure as well to make them optimal. These 
measures will improve our overall profitability going forward.  
Multiple initiatives have also been taken to reduce material costs and structurally which will 
give us sustained benefit in the long term. The initiatives taken during the year have resulted in 
a saving of INR 3.3 crores in the first nine months of the financial year. Our focus on increasing 
productivity through smart manufacturing programs, use of technology has resulted in 
improvement in productivity by about 5% in Guwahati plant and about 13% in Paonta.  
Our CSR activity also continues to do well with 12,000 families impacted over 600 villages. As 
part of our ESG commitment we are on track to meet the short and mid-term targets in all the 
key resources both from the demand and supply side. Rainwater harvesting has been done for 
the last few quarters resulting in replenishment of groundwater to the extent of 500% of our 
water consumption. We are confident that our investment in expanding and rationalising our 
distribution network through Project Aarohan continued thrust on diversifying our portfolio and 
scaling up of organized trade and international business will be strong growth levers for the 
organization for sustainable growth for the near to mid-term.  
So, while urban demand remains sluggish, rural demand has been showing some improvement. 
The recent union budget tax relief for middle class is expected to increase disposable incomes 
leading to higher consumer spending on essentials and discretionary products. Focus on rural 
development with enhanced agriculture productivity is also expected to improve rural income 
which augurs well for the industry as well as for Bajaj Consumer Care.  
Now to share some exciting development; we have just signed a share purchase and shareholders 
agreement which is SPA with 100% stake in Vishal Personal Care Private Limited, a leading 
Personal Care company with presence in all southern states of India having their flagship brand 
Banjara’s. The company was established in 1991 is a trusted brand with strong presence in 
natural space in the hair and skin care range in South India. The brand offers a wide range of 
high-quality products, is built on strong business fundamentals and consumer liking. Banjara’s 
has demonstrated strong performance with 14% revenue CAGR over the past 4 years coupled 
with high gross margin, healthy EBITDA margins and a debt free balance sheet with positive 
cash flow.  
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Now let me take you through the rationale of this acquisition: 
Firstly, the market of natural products in the BPC products space is significant and is expanding 
rapidly. Natural BPC products make up about 40% of the total BPC market and is growing 1.5x 
faster than the overall market. This bodes well with BCCL's traditional and Indian heritage brand 
credentials. 
Secondly, Banjara's general trade distribution reached through cosmetics stores, pharmacies and 
groceries all across five southern states substantially adds to BCCL current distribution in 
southern states thereby increasing our distribution to near 3-fold for our existing brands as well.  
Thirdly, with a wider portfolio offering from Banjara’s, we will be also able to exploit BCCL's 
wide distribution in HSM markets for the same. And finally, another potential revenue upside 
will be leveraging BCCL’s expertise with Banjara's products in the organized trade as well as in 
international markets. In both of them Banjara’s do not have any significant presence of any 
kind.  
So now let me move on to the deal structure. The purchase condition consideration for the deal 
is estimated at about is about INR 120 crores at a pre-money enterprise value of INR 108 crores 
which is a multiple of 2x on a trailing 12-month revenue basis on a yearly basis, so It's a multiple 
of 2x on the revenue. In the first tranche we will be acquiring 49% stake in the company. The 
balance 51% will be acquired in the coming 3-4 months, subject to completion of the closing 
conditions. So, we are delighted and very happy to welcome Banjara's within the BCCL family 
and are excited to unlock the next phase of growth with them. 
With this, I end the opening remarks and open the session for questions. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask 
a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are requested to use handsets 
while asking a question. A request to participants, please restrict yourself to two questions so 
that the management can address as many participants as possible. If you have more questions, 
kindly rejoin the queue. The first question comes from the line of Rachana from SIMPL. Please 
go ahead.  
Rachna: 
In our previous calls of FY23 and FY24, we have mentioned to achieve high single digit to 
double digit growth in the near term. But that's not visible. So, can you explain us in detail what 
challenges we have faced and what is stopping us to generate good sales growth? Second is other 
expenses are increasing even though the sales. So, what are those expenses? And you also 
mentioned we have been taking some cost reduction. So please explain that in detail, what 
measures are we taking? Third is with respect to Banjara’s acquisition.  
Jaideep Nandi: 
Two questions please. So just prioritize the two questions that you want please.  
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Rachna: 
Okay. Please tell us about the low sales growth and why the other expenses are high and what 
cost reduction measures will we be taking? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you. So as far as the sales growth is concerned, very clearly as you have seen the hair oil 
industry, especially the value-added hair oil segment, if you read the commentaries of other 
companies as well, while the only product that has been growing in the hair oil category is the 
coconut category. All other hair oils if you see commentaries from other companies also have 
been under stress. Almond Drops is a premium hair oil in the value-added hair oil category. So 
obviously has faced headwinds. We have taken enough corrective measures. We are further 
taking corrective measures in terms of increasing our advertising spends on the brand etc. While 
we will also take some price increases and rationalize the cost to ensure that our EBITDA 
margins are protected. So, this is a step that we are taking. The other thing that we have already 
done, as you would hearing in terms of Project Aarohan, we have been continuously working to 
ensure that our entire RTM for general trade because all the pressure that is there, is only on 
general trade. We had corrected the wholesale. Now wholesale is slowly coming back. We had 
seen now these are changes that take some time to adopt. It cannot happen overnight. So, we 
wanted to ensure that the large wholesalers are controlled. I think a lot of good hygiene work 
has happened. Now we are seeing both in terms of number of wholesalers as well as in terms of 
wholesale itself coming back. It does take time but now it is already on track. Similarly, in terms 
of retail presence we had already had aimed that we wanted to take it. Now we are structurally 
partnered with a consultant which will be doing for the next four quarters as well. And there is 
already some positive signs we are seeing in UP and MP and now we are going to extend it to 
other states. Coming to your cost structures; yes, you're absolutely right. Certain costs have gone 
up. Especially, if you break it up in certain areas the cost will look the same. One is in terms of 
employee cost because there has been no increase in terms of employees etc. It's just that there 
is a bit of higher percentage fill as far as employees are concerned which is making a little bit of 
a difference. But the bigger difference is obviously a deleverage thing where the sales has not 
grown and the employee cost has had an annual increment. That is what has taken a blip at this 
current moment. This will get corrected as the sales naturalize and come back in the next few 
quarters. The other area you will see is in the other expenses, admin expenses especially so as I 
had mentioned, so two things are going on. One is a continuous thing where Project Aarohan is 
going on. So, there are some additional investments as far as Project Aarohan is concerned. So, 
this will continue for somewhat two-three quarters more. Specifically, a one-time investment 
had been made in IT. Certain things like e-invoicing and e-way bill, Cloud application 
protection, geofencing, central managed and detection response and higher DMS support. All of 
this we have done this way. We had to do these corrections. We have done it in this quarter. We 
could have split it across quarters. So, we are taken this, this has also resulted. This will 
normalize in the next quarter and you see this coming back. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Yes Rachna, those were your two questions. If you have any further questions please rejoin the 
queue.  
Rachna: 
Okay. 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vaibhav Barjatya from Honest & Integrity 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Vaibhav Barjatya: 
Hi sir. Thanks for providing the opportunity and congratulations for the new acquisition. I hope 
it works out well. So, I have a question on, if we look at FY20 you had EBITDA of around 200 
crores and now we are on run rate of around 140-150 crores. So, there is a delta of 50 crores. 
Now if I want to look at it that way, that between almonds and the new and non-almond portfolio, 
do you think that it is majorly contributed by decline in profitability of the almond portfolio or 
if you can just broadly give us the breakup, will this 50 crores decline that has happened, is it 
because of Almond Oil, decline in profitability or due to other products? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Fair question. So, if you look at in terms of structurally, if you are investing in a consumer 
product, if you are looking at either a new product range or an acquisition or into your markets 
or modern trade, international, wherever where you are investing, you will typically go through 
a 4-5 year cycle before they start building results. So these are the investments that have been 
made. So, there are two parts to your question. The first part is investments for growth that we 
have made. And if you would have seen, we have made significant progress in all the growth 
levers that we had pushed whether be it in product diversification, be it channel diversification 
or whether be it international markets, wherever all of these places we have invested for growth 
and now the growth are slowly coming in some of the products like coconut etc. have been doing 
very well. I mean now it's just a question of as the business bulks up then a little better pricing 
power as well, which already we are seeing a bit of it. Only thing is we need to be a little smarter 
in taking the price increases on time as the commodity prices keep going up. Because this is a 
commodity product, we need to just be a little more smarter. That's about it as far as the products 
are concerned. So, some bit of investment has gone into that. So, there has been a dilution as 
well as this. But this was a planned thing, if you really want to make it a company from a single 
product to a multi-category, multi-channel, multi country product, this is where it was. So, this 
acquisition is also fitted exactly in that sense where you wanted to get into a market which is 
unrepresented as far as we are concerned. Earlier we never had a product range which could 
really cater to the south market. Now we have enough products including another good brand 
that we have established which will go through the southern markets. With our eco that we have 
in the market is about 27,000K - 28,000K in the entire five states of the South. With this it will 
straightaway go up to 80,000K odd. So straightaway is an advantage of having a far larger 
distribution network to sell our products. Clearly those actions have happened. As far as ADHO 
is concerned, yes, you absolutely right. But if you look at the trends, as far as the last five years 
is concerned, the value-added hair oil category has faced headwinds. So, there has been a lot of 
bloodbath in the marketplace in terms of in this value added hair oil category. And you would 
see that from the commentary of most companies as well. So hence we being a single product 
dominated in that hair oil category. Obviously, our margin looks directly flows into our P&L 
directly like that. If there were companies where there are multi brands, multi categories, this 
part of the portfolio gets a little hidden. But if you were to cut it out and look at this thing, none 
of them would be faring any better. So yes, we were in the downward cycle of demand as far as 
this product is concerned. But now as we feel that the cycles are slowly starting to turn, maybe 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
not yet, but with the government budget, etc. As we see turning all these investments that we 
have made, we will now be able to see. And also, we will be able to see the results slowly coming 
out. And also, as I had also mentioned during my presentation, we are also looking at some 
structural corrections as far as Almond Drops is concerned in terms of pricing and investment 
back into the business. So that is also the other strategic direction we will take.  
Vaibhav Barjatya: 
Yes. So, I understand you that you have invested in a part of the decline in EBITDA in absolute 
terms would because of that. But I was just trying to get a sense on the fact that how much is it 
majority because of the almond decline in gross margin of the almond portfolio or EBITDA? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Almond Drops portfolio would have declined a bit. Not really much. It is more the investment 
for the future.  
Vaibhav Barjatya: 
Okay, got it. Understand. That's it from my side sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets 
Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Kaushik Poddar: 
When can you get back to that 15% to 17% margin that you have spoken about in the previous 
con calls? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So, the 15% to 17% margin, just an aberration in this quarter.  Till last quarter you would have 
seen that consistently we have delivered 15%-16%. I don't think this was just an aberration. You 
should see, as I said we had made it was in a downward cycle for both. Both in terms of the 
corrections that we have made. Some of the results coming in has slowly started to trickle in. 
Whether with the wholesale corrections, whether the investments in terms of feet on ground that 
we have increased whether the rationalization of VANs which are now being converted to sub-
D, so cost structurally we have done all these corrections. So, the results will obviously slowly 
flow in the next quarter or two. But these are the investment, plus we made those one-time 
investments as far as the IT requirement enablement based that is concerned. So, this is a blip 
that has happened. You will see this coming back quickly. So that should  
Kaushik Poddar: 
So, we should be around 15% from this quarter onwards and progressing further. That's what 
you are suggesting.  
Jaideep Nandi: 
I don’t want to like to give any forward guidance on that. But you can assume from the structural 
direction that we have taken that is where we should be looking at even more going forward.  
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay. And this value-added hair oil being a substantial part of your portfolio and that category 
having not done well for the last few quarters. Do you see the challenge there, is the market 
landscape changing for this value-added hair oil? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
If you look at in the last few quarters, I mean slowly we are seeing the demand cycle slowly 
coming back. While it was quite under stress last year. Slowly we are seeing the hair oil category 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
itself coming back in terms of growth as well as earnings and numbers are concerned. Obviously, 
it is still led very much by coconut. But we can also see value added coconut slowly trudging 
back. And given that this kind of announcement has happened from the budget where we feel 
that there will be more participation as far as discretionary spends are concerned, we feel we are 
quite buoyant that Almond Drops also should be able to see a benefit out of the demand cycle 
reversal.  
Kaushik Poddar: 
And what is the timeline for this new acquisition being consolidated in your accounts?  
Jaideep Nandi: 
So, this acquisition as I said 49% will go with the first tranche this quarter itself. And by the next 
quarter, I mean we have announced next financial but we will aim to finish it by 3 to 4 months 
the entire acquisition.  
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay, thank you. I will ask my questions later.  
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gaurav Gandhi from Glorytail Capital 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Gaurav Gandhi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question. On this new acquisition of Banjara’s which is 
more into the Southern market. What are your plans to test it pan India, how are you making it 
to grow?  
Jaideep Nandi: 
So as I said there'll be four-prong to the strategy. The first and foremost is where we see synergies 
coming in. As far as our company is concerned. We feel that we ourselves can substantially add 
value to Banjara’s brand and make it much larger in terms of just in terms of sheer let's say all 
the other back-end benefits that we can provide as a much larger company to the company. So, 
Banjara’s itself, we feel that from the 50-55 crores of annual revenue that they do, in the next 2 
years that can be scaled up substantially in Banjara’s southern market. The second benefit we 
see clearly is where the Bajaj brands that are today available can go into the five southern states 
where our distribution scale up can straightaway go to about 3X times. I mean that is the kind of 
numbers that are looking at. And clearly there are some products which can go into that market. 
So that clearly is the second growth lever that we see. The third growth lever obviously as we 
see is that in terms of modern trade and e-commerce, I just told you that we have now a 30% 
salience as far as modern trade is this thing which was about 5%- 6% about 5 years back. This 
is exactly where Banjara’s are even lower. And that clearly, we have the expertise now in modern 
trade, e-commerce which with our full team and Banjara’s, they are also very excited that we 
can add value to their product range in that market. Because as you are aware, south is a large 
modern trade salient market and e-commerce, large players sit out of Bangalore. So, a lot of 
benefit can come out of modern trade and e-commerce as well as the international markets we 
see there is some scope as far as the Banjara's product is concerned. The last and is where your 
question is specifically. We also see some of the products like Multani mitti etc. These are 
products which are face packs etc. These are basically northern products more suited for the 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
northern markets which are now going into the Banjara’s. We are also looking at how that can 
be scaled up in the northern market. So, a four-prong strategy, we see there's a large opportunity 
for growth upside as far as all these.  
Gaurav Gandhi: 
Okay, great efforts sir. Hope to see the results in the revenue growth soon. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants. You may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The next 
question comes from the line of Rachna from SIMPL. Please go ahead.  
Rachna: 
The acquisition that we have made, Banjara’s acquisition. what gross margin levels is it 
operating at and how are the ad spend compared to our ad spend?  
Jaideep Nandi: 
So, the gross margin that this company has consistently operated for the last 4 years is about 
60%. So, it has remained between 59.5 or 59ish to about 60 and a halfish. So, they have 
consistently maintained that they have a large range of product categories that they operate and 
all of them operate at these kind of. So, they have a face pack range, they have rose waters, they 
have other skin care products, they have black henna, natural henna and other hair care products. 
That is roughly where it is and all of them are between let's say 55% to 60% kind of a margin. 
So very well distributed and very well controlled products. So coming to ATL cost, this company 
had made large ATL investments in FY22 and after that they have scaled it down. So now they 
operate with a mix of ATL and BTL where the ATL is substantially lower but BTL is much 
more. You have to also remember, they have beauty advisors at their places. So, lot of it is also 
sold the way the beauty advisor sells at the shop at the point of purchase consumption happening. 
So, they are extremely adept at that. And they are also very efficient in terms of churn of the 
new products. So with their beauty advisors they are able to monitor what kind of trends are 
happening as far as the new products in the various categories and they are able to churn out 
newer products and also scale up the older products. The other great advantage of this company 
is this is a completely secondary sales focused company. So only when the distributor, so they 
only do replenishment of stocks of distributors. So, in that manner they are actually even better 
than a company like Bajaj. This is a very well-managed efficient company in terms of stocks 
etc. So, they have complete channel management in that sense to ensure that there are not too 
much of bad stocks or obsolete stocks that happen. So great NPD work and as well as great 
inventory management.  
Rachna: 
So how are these products positioned as compared to Bajaj?  
Jaideep Nandi: 
So, they are not comparable to Bajaj in sense because that's not a category we are really into. 
But if you look at, they are more in the Himalaya range of kind of pricing, just a little lower but 
considered to be premium, not the super-premium but just a little higher than the local ranges 
etc. So, that's where they are. That's why they are on a 60% gross margin. 
Moderator: 
Does that answer your question, Rachana?  
Rachna: 
Yes.  
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants. Please press ‘*’ in ‘1’ to ask a question. The next 
question comes from the line of Karan Bhuwania from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
Karan Bhuwania: 
Good evening, sir. Firstly, I wanted to ask on Project Aarohan, right. So, we have already 
implemented in couple of states UP and MP. So just wanted to understand what are the green 
shoots we are seeing in terms of, I understand we have expanded distribution, improved presence 
etc. but what are you see what are the green shoots are we seeing in terms of sales how has it 
trended over the last couple of quarters, if you could share that would helpful? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So good question Karan. I mean I think we started the Project Aarohan quite some time back 
and we implemented it in a phased manner in both UP and MP. We did not take full UP and MP 
in the beginning because we wanted to ensure that all of it is monitored. So, we have a Project 
Aarohan team of our own and there is a steering group there as well as we have a project manager 
of Project Aarohan while PwC's own people are also fully involved. So now the entire states of 
UP and MP are covered. The objective was to ensure that we ensure that everything that is 
required as far as the improvement in the route to market has been put in place. So in terms of 
rationalization of distributors, in terms of conversions of sub-DBs to direct DBs, satellites to 
sub-DBs, rationalizing of Vans which we knew would result in reduction of sales or cost to sales 
will improve. Neither will happen immediately but all of them will over time as you convert, 
rationalize the VANs and add them into the sub-DB network as it stabilizes it will give you 
advantages. So, all of these actions as well as both UP and MP is now about 90% completed. 
90% as in what was identified as Project Aarohan. Whatever has come out of Project Aarohan 
and which we had presented and we saw and then finally said okay, these are something that we 
will take up, 90% of those have been now already implemented. So just to give you certain 
numbers, let's say the number of unrepresented towns etc. 475 has gone into 658 towns that we 
have now taken into coverage as far as UP is concerned from 90 to about 112, as far as Madhya 
Pradesh is concerned. I talked about coverage expansion of direct reach of UP and MP. UP went 
from 42.4K outlets to 58.6K outlets. That's about 1.4X and MP from 15,000 outlets to about 
24,000 outlets. So, we see great progress that is happening. Obviously, numbers will not 
immediately show up because these are all in the stabilization process. So now all the 
investments are happening. So, we have put foot on the ground because to service this larger 
number of towns and this thing etc., you will require more people. But as they stabilize and as 
they see, you will start seeing the numbers slowly and strongly flowing in. And given this, as 
we see and as we are so confident that this has been a successful path going forward, we are now 
extending it to eight more states now, and few more we will add at the end of the 3rd Quarter. 
So, for the next four quarters we will aggressively push this so that then this entire attempt where 
we were trying to ensure our retailing initiatives become stronger, whereby we are program 
outlets etc. that programs that retail loyalty programs etc. Now we are structuring it in our own 
with a project managed by a consultant. So, we wanted more on ground execution project rather 
than a strategy project because I think as a company, we required this intervention more than a 
strategy project. And I think we have had fantastic results coming out of this and going forward 
we feel that as it scales up in the other states, we will see very good results coming.  
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Thank you, that's very helpful. I will come back in a queue.  
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. Please go ahead.  
Raaj: 
How much growth are we expecting for the full year FY26 and FY27, looking at the initiatives 
which we have done? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
See two things. One is first and foremost I wouldn't be able to give you forward statements like 
these. But I can tell you all the growth levers that we have pushed and the kind of interventions 
further we are taking. If you look at the overall picture because of the market conditions etc. The 
main area where, and obviously that is a not only a main area, that's where the large fall has 
happened is basically ADHO in general trade. Other than that, every other lever that we have 
pushed is working well, including ADHO in the modern trade, e-commerce as well as 
international market. So, one of the biggest focus now we have is to ensure that the core becomes 
far stronger. So, one exercise is ensuring that the wholesale destabilization that was there is 
slowly taken up. We knew three quarters back itself that it will have a long little mid-termish 
pain area. So, two-three quarters we will have to suffer before wholesale slowly starts coming 
back. It was not unknown to us. But you have to make this intervention to ensure that in the long 
term the company benefits. So now that has happened and that's why you have seen this Q2 to 
Q3 wholesale has already had a double-digit growth. On the other side, retail which has been 
not a very strong area for the company. We have been taking initiatives at the company level 
itself and a lot of work has happened but we have really not ever done it through a structural 
manner. It was more internally done. So structurally this was identified and that is what has been 
going on. So, we feel that is also going to be a good lever. So as far as GT is concerned, lot of 
good work is happening. ADHO itself we are looking at intervention in terms of increasing our 
investments as far as ADHO is concerned. How we will fund it, maybe we will have to take 
price increase may be a little more rapidly to ensure that we are able to fund it. That's the path 
we are planning to take going forward. So, as a result you will see ADHO and general trade and 
obviously you require some kind of a turn as far as the demand conditions are concerned. As 
long as that is concerned that happens and all the other growth levers are pushed, I think we are 
in for a good—I cannot obviously promise any number or I can't even give any forward guidance 
but clearly ‘26-27 we should be seeing some good numbers.  
Raaj: 
All right, I was just trying to understand all these initiatives which we are taking, so when all 
these initiatives will get converted into numbers? So, you are saying FY27 will be the year when 
we can see some good growth in numbers, right? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So, I'm not saying any commentary on that because all of these are initiatives which take time. 
These corrections maybe you will see results a little more earlier in terms of the initiatives as far 
as RTM is concerned and some of the others. But in terms of developing brands etc. you have 
seen coconut already go beyond INR 100 crores etc. So, those kind of products will slowly take 
time and we are in the right path. I mean you will see in the last 5 years there are no products 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
which have been launched by companies which have scaled up to 100 crores plus in the Personal 
Care space. I mean obviously there might some misses, this is my thing but I think some work 
has happened and I think those we will have to give it time now. Slowly time is coming slowly 
to mature and fructify. We keep investing in these. I think we should see results. I mean 
international market has been doing very well. This can give us good growth. So, in terms of the 
consol numbers, you should see good numbers coming up. It will require some investment, yes, 
but I think we should see growth. So, I will not say go to FY27. Let's look at even FY26 
positively.  
Raaj: 
Because overall it is a concern for the investors because the sales have been flat for last couple 
of years. And compare your peers, they have grown well, only we haven't been able to scale up. 
That's why I've been asking about.  
Jaideep Nandi: 
As I explained, you'll have to look at it a little more, cut it into categories and see how the 
growths are. With a multi category company selling multi segment, in multi category multi 
segment companies versus a single category single segment. If you want to do a like to like 
comparison then you will have to look at how this particular brand which is in a single category, 
single segment has operated against their peers. And I would like to think overall in that sense 
we have done pretty well. Yes, there will be some misses here and there which is so for the 
others as well. So that's where it's a fine balance and I think we are coming out of that balance 
and now looking at growth getting delivered in the future.  
Raaj: 
All right. Okay. All the best. Thank you.  
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Amit Agicha from Hawa & Company. 
Please go ahead.  
Amit Agicha: 
Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question was connected to international 
business like what are your top markets and how do you plan to expand further?  
Jaideep Nandi: 
So international market has been as we had said about 5 years back that we wanted to take on 
the international market after we had got into modern trade, e-commerce, newer products etc. 
So we got into this journey about 3-3.5 years back and initially we had a small operation in 
Dubai and in Nepal and that's about it and in Bangladesh we are doing some, we had closed 
down on operations. We started our local operations in Bangladesh. Bangladesh has been scaling 
up very well. We feel there is a huge potential as Bangladesh is concerned because 
demographically as well as usage wise it's very similar to India. They have a higher preference 
for coconut sure. But there is a clear opportunity as far as ethnically there is a clear opportunity. 
The Middle-east market is another focus market for us and Middle-east is not only just UAE or 
neither GCC, Middle-east is Middle-east which would mean all the other surrounding markets, 
whether it be extended Middle-east of Afghanistan, Africa and parts of North Africa, etc. So, I 
think that is a market which is a great potential for us. The third market, which I am personally 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
buoyant and we had mentioned it in the last time is the US market itself. That's a large export 
market, a huge diaspora. Most of our competitors have huge amount of business. We have tied 
up with one of the largest FMCG distributors in the US in the last quarter or last one and a half 
quarters or so. And I think that I personally think is a large opportunity as far as us. In fact it has 
come to a certain stage where now we are looking at using digital advertisement in the US market 
to ensure that we can create further demand other than organic whatever demand is there. 
Another market which is of interest to us is Malaysia because that's another market where there 
is an ethnic Indian population. So, they are not Indian Indian in a sure sense. But at least there 
is ethnic Indians out there. So that is a market also focus which is what we are also focusing. 
Quite a few more markets and levers we are pushing other than our standard Nepal and all of the 
world which are smaller. We clearly think that international if we play out well for the next 3-4 
years can easily go to good low-teens, high-teens, even to the 20% of our contribution. But there 
we need to play it well. But that is clearly an opportunity and easily doable which we have also 
demonstrated in the last few weeks.  
Amit Agicha: 
So, what is the present contribution of international business?  
Jaideep Nandi: 
It is higher than it is close to 7% and we are taking it up from about 2%-2.5% to about 7% in 
this thing. And we personally think that you can easily continue to scale up. The growth of the 
international market 37% in the last 3 years that is CAGR. CAGRs are not that strongly relevant 
because the bases are low. But I think this is the direction that we have. But more interestingly 
more comfort wise, I think I would like to say two things. One is sequentially as well as in terms 
of CAGR, in terms of on a continuous basis, the growth has been very healthy. The other thing 
is geographically the growth is healthy. It is not driven by one geography but across all the 
geographies that you see and it's part of the presentation as well. All of them have been doing 
well. We have been working on each of the geography, newer products in each of these markets 
and they have been doing that. So that gives us confidence that moving forward international 
market can deliver.  
Amit Agicha: 
My last question was connected to like is the company coming up with any product innovation 
in the pipeline connected to other things other than the personal care? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
At this moment we would like to consolidate our position in personal care. The Personal Care 
market itself is so large, we would like to focus on that. And plus, with this acquisition of 
Banjara’s, we have a large number of newer products that comes into our portfolio. That is 
something that we will also like to exploit and explore across the country as well. So, there is 
enough in the pipeline. Yes, we will continue to, our R&D function is pretty robust. They will 
continue to innovate, continue to look at newer ranges, whether be it in terms of Almond Drops 
itself. What can we do on Almond Drops itself or some of the other ranges? Yes, that work will 
happen but we will also look to consolidate the kind of products that we have already launched, 
balance our portfolio, look at the new member that we have gone into our fold now, look at how 
we can exploit that. So, our focus will be more of the base and also looking at some opportunities. 
Innovation work will continue but the focus will be to ensure the existing range is more put into 
that.  
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Amit Agicha: 
Thank you for the explanation, sir and all the best for the future.  
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets Private 
Limited. Please go ahead.  
Kaushik Poddar: 
You started this con-call with the statement that your GT trade has gone down by high single 
digit. When do you think that it will come to the neutral level with all the initiatives you have 
initiated?  
Jaideep Nandi: 
So, Kaushik as I said, I think you should see that in fact, in January itself we have seen good 
progress happening there. Two things, as I said, there are three parts of this business. One is 
obviously the wholesale which we had said at the first quarter itself that we have taken this 
correction in wholesale. It's a pain area; it will take time to recover. And now we have already 
seen the recovery happening as well as far as wholesale is concerned. So, wholesale has already 
as I told you, QoQ has already grown by about 14% and the number of wholesalers has gone up, 
which is a good sign that is slowly coming back to normalcy, and it will maybe take another 
quarter or so and then we see that coming back. As far as retail is concerned, which is one of the 
weak areas, urban retail, one of the weak areas is something that work has been going on for the 
last 2-3 years now. Now structural work is going on in terms of our entire coverage as far as the 
loyalty program outlets are concerned, how do we structure them, how do we make it more 
attractive to them, how do we ensure attracting…. etc. A lot of work is happening on that. So 
that we feel it is going well and it's a rural market which is part of that Project Aarohan as well, 
which is where all this work that we are talking about has been in terms of representation, 
improvement, number of coverages, number of feet on street, etc. So, I think you will see good 
numbers coming in the next quarter. I don't want to commit any number but I think most of this 
work has already happened. Now we should see benefit.  
Kaushik Poddar: 
You said wholesale has grown 14% quarter-on-quarter and this quarter it is growing? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
That is correct, quarter-on-quarter. So over Q2 wholesale has grown by 14% in Q3. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
But why didn't it show up in numbers?  
Jaideep Nandi: 
Because I said in Q1 and Q2, in numbers it is showing up. Sequentially look at it, it has actually 
by numbers it has gone up. If you look at against last year etc. still it is coming back because 
that's where the number. That's where in Q1 the drop happened, so slowly it is recovering but 
clearly between Q1-Q2-Q3, clearly, we are seeing the Q1 anyway was a drop. So, because that 
was a correction that was made. Q2, it has still been coming back, not yet completely come back. 
Q3, we see substantial coming back has happened. Further it will continue to continuously 
stabilize.  
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
February 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments.  
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you so much for attending this call and once again apologies for delaying this concall by 
half an hour as you are aware, because of this extraordinary item that we had to place. We are 
extremely happy that we are able to welcome Banjara’s to our fold. This is a fantastic valuation 
that we have got from the business and also more than valuation itself, it is also in terms of 
fitment to our business. This perfectly fits in because it opens up the southern market where our 
distribution has always been weak. It increases our distribution reach by about close to 3X and 
all the benefits that we feel can accrue will come from that. So, from that perspective, it's a great 
acquisition. We are very hopeful that this will give us great positive momentum going forward. 
On the other side as far as the business corrections that we have taken, we have taken a lot of 
these business corrections and slowly some of them are bearing fruit. So, I think going forward, 
both through the Banjara's acquisition as well as our internal growth, we do see good 
performances coming up in the coming quarters, both in terms of top line as well as bottom line 
and we will keep balancing both. So, thank you once again for coming and joining on this call 
and best of luck and good evening.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. You may now disconnect your lines.  
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies in the English 
language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking / recording/transcribing 
 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 
