 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze 
Jeejeebhoy 
Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543212 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block - G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: BOROLTD 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Please find attached transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Tuesday, February 11, 
2025.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also available on the Company's website at www.borosil.com. 
 
You are requested to take the same on records.  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Borosil Limited 
 
 
 
 
Anshu Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS – 9921 
 
 
Encl: as above 
Anshu 
Arvind 
Agarwal
Digitally signed 
by Anshu Arvind 
Agarwal 
Date: 2025.02.17 
21:32:49 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Borosil Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHREEVAR KHERUKA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BOROSIL LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH KUMAR CHAUDHARY – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – BOROSIL LIMITED 
 
MR. ANAND SULTANIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BOROSIL LIMITED 
 
MR. RITURAJ SHARMA – PRESIDENT, CONSUMER 
PRODUCTS – BOROSIL LIMITED 
 
MR. BALESH TALAPADY – VICE PRESIDENT-INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – BOROSIL LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Borosil Limited Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thanks, Lizann. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q3 FY '25 Results 
Conference Call of Borosil Limited. We have with us today senior management represented by 
Mr. Shreevar Kheruka, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Rajesh Kumar Chaudhary, Whole-
Time Director; Mr. Anand Sultania, CFO; Mr. Rituraj Sharma, President, Consumer Products; 
and Mr. Balesh Talapady, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 
Now I hand over the call to the management for initial comments on the quarterly as well as 9-
month performance, and then we will open the floor for a question-and-answer session. Thanks, 
and over to you, Shreevar Sir. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
So thank you, Aniruddha and ICICI Securities for raising this call. I wish everyone a good 
afternoon. The Borosil team is delighted to be communicating with everyone again. I'm pleased 
to inform you that Borosil Limited's Board approved the financial results for Q3 FY '25 and 9 
months FY '25 during our meeting on 7th February '25. 
 
We have submitted our results and an updated presentation to the stock exchanges, and they are 
also available on the company's website for your review. This quarter, we have sustained our 
growth momentum driven by, I would say, not as strong as before consumer demand, but we 
have been able to execute across key categories, which gives us industry-leading revenue growth 
for both the quarter as well as the 9-month period ended sales. 
 
Our revenue performance remains robust, reflecting the trust consumers place in our brand. We 
continue to enhance operational efficiencies and ensure sustainable growth across all business 
verticals.  I'm pleased to share that Borosil Limited delivered a strong performance in 9 months 
FY '25 with revenue from operations reaching INR837.6 crores, up from INR715.1 crores in the 
same period last year. 
 
This indicates a 17.1% year-over-year growth. And, as mentioned before, we are one of the 
industry's top performers as far as revenue growth is concerned. This underscores the strength 
of our strategy, operational excellence, and most importantly, the trust and loyalty of our 
customers. It also reflects our ability to tackle challenges head on and make the most of new 
opportunities with new products introduced as well as reinforces our Borosil's strong position in 
the market. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
As far as profitability is concerned, in 9 months FY '25, the company achieved an operating 
EBITDA that is before investment and onetime income of INR140.2 crores, up from INR119.3 
crores in 9 months FY '24, which is also a 17.4% year-on-year growth, reflecting our continued 
focus on efficiency and growth. 
 
The operating EBITDA margin for 9-month FY '25 stood at 17% versus 16.7% in the same 
period last year. One of the downsides for us this year was the uniform code for Pharmaceutical 
Marketing Practices 2024, which restricts pharmaceutical companies and their agents like 
distributors, wholesalers, and retailers from offering gifts. 
 
This has impacted our B2B sales, which was a reasonable portion of our revenues, and that 
affected bulk orders and distributor engagements. To counterbalance this, we shifted focus to 
online sales, and that has experienced strong growth, although the loss of a key channel or sales 
in a key channel has definitely impacted overall sales growth. 
 
Also, given the switch to more e-commerce sales, the marketing expenses have also increased 
because of higher customer acquisition costs, and that has put some pressure on margins.  As a 
result, the company has incurred higher A&SP expenses of INR18.56 crores in 9 months FY '25 
and INR5.74 crores in the quarter Q3 FY '25 as compared to the same period last year. 
 
As the Diwali festival being a little bit early this year compared to last does not make the exact 
quarter-on-quarter sales exactly comparable. So I think it's better to look at the 9-month sales 
data versus specifically looking at Q3 or Q2 sales data because of the 1-month earlier Diwali 
this year. 
 
Additionally, other operating income includes INR12.6 crores from shared service support 
income for 9-month FY '25 and INR1.2 crores for 9-month FY '24, with the associated expenses 
captured under total expenses. 
 
Consequently, profit before tax for 9-month FY '25 came in at INR86.3 crores, up from INR81.2 
crores in 9-month FY '24, which includes a one-time income of approximately INR13.5 crores 
from the sale of certain tenancy rights at our erstwhile office premises in Mumbai. 
 
At the same time, depreciation and finance costs have increased substantially by INR27.8 crores, 
and this was largely due to the commissioning of our new Borosil glass furnace in the last quarter 
of FY '24. The investment income was also lower by about INR1.4 crores in 9 months FY '25 
as compared to the same period last year. As a result, PAT for 9 months FY '25 reached INR63.1 
crores compared to INR60.8 crores in the same period last year. 
 
Furthermore, as per the Union Budget 2024, the discontinuation of indexation benefits on long-
term capital assets, effective July 23, 2024, led to a reversal of deferred tax credit. This resulted 
in higher taxation for 9-month FY '25, impacting profit after tax by INR2.7 crores. 
 
Now let's take a closer look at both the category-wise performance for 9 months FY '25. The 
Borosil Consumer division continued to expand across both glassware and non-glassware 
categories under the Borosil brand, along with our Opalware range under the Larah brand. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
The Larah Opalware segment known for its modern design and superior quality reported sales 
of INR292.6 crores in 9 months FY '25, up from INR268.5 crores in the same period last year, 
reflecting a 9% growth.  
 
In our glassware segment, which includes Borosilicate microwavables, lunch boxes, serving 
ware, glass tumblers, and storage solutions, we recorded a very strong year-on-year growth of 
22.9% with revenues reaching INR190.9 crores in 9 months FY '25 compared to INR155.3 
crores in the same period last year. 
 
The non-glassware segment, which has a range of small home appliances, insulated bottles and 
flasks, cookware, and other kitchen essentials also performed quite strongly, posting a 17.8% 
increase in revenue. Turnover for the segment reached INR340.9 crores in this year's 9 months 
compared to INR289.5 crores in the same period last year. 
 
This impressive performance reflects the successful execution of our strategy to expand the 
Borosil portfolio, catering to the evolving culinary and serving needs of Indian households. It 
also reaffirms the strong brand equity and broad appeal of Borosil across multiple product 
categories. 
 
During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the company successfully raised INR150 crores through 
a QIP to facilitate the repayment/prepayment of long-term project loans and for general 
corporate purposes. 
 
Post-issue expenses of INR4 crores, the entire net proceeds of INR146 crores have been utilized. 
The company has utilized INR107 crores for the repayment of working capital loans and INR39 
crores for the repayment/prepayment of long-term project loans. 
 
Pursuant to the composite scheme of arrangement during the quarter ended 31st December '24, 
the company has also paid INR93.07 crores to Borosil Scientific Limited towards repayment of 
the loan, including interest. 
 
As of 31st December 2024, Borosil Limited has a net debt of INR20.4 crores.  
Through portfolio optimization, we have enhanced efficiency and profitability, streaming our 
offerings to focus on high-growth categories. 
 
Our premium product lines have continued to witness strong traction, reflecting evolving 
consumer preferences. We continue to invest in design, functionality, and quality enhancements, 
further strengthening our leadership in key segments. 
 
In addition, our initiatives in e-commerce and digital have gained strong momentum. By 
leveraging technology and consumer insights, we have effectively scaled our reach and 
engagement, thereby helping customers. 
 
At Larah, we believe dining should be a perfect blend of beauty and functionality, transforming 
everyday meals into memorable experiences. We launched our premia dinner set collection 
which is a sophisticated new addition to our premium kitchenware lineup. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
The premia collection combines exquisite aesthetics with practical functionality, making it an 
ideal choice for contemporary homes. Featuring intricately embossed designs, this collection 
brings a touch of timeless elegance and luxury to any dining table.  
On the marketing front, our campaigns have delivered a strong impact, reinforcing our brand 
leadership. 
 
Our integrated campaigns have helped us to deepen customer connections and expand market 
penetrations. We are seeing significant engagement growth across digital platforms, which 
reflects the success of our content-driven approach. The focus on brand storytelling and 
consumer experiences will continue to be a strategic priority for us. 
 
Additionally, our media engagement and industry outreach have further strengthened our 
positioning. As I mentioned in previous calls, I want to reaffirm that since acquiring Larah in 
2016, this flagship brand has been on a remarkable growth trajectory. 
 
Larah's success is a testament to our strategic vision, operational excellence, and unwavering 
focus on customer satisfaction. Sales for Larah have grown at a CAGR of 22% from INR87 
crores in FY '16-'17 to an impressive INR358 crores in '23-'24. Similarly, our non-glassware 
segment has emerged as a key growth driver for Borosil with a CAGR of 50%. 
 
Sales have grown from INR23 crores in '16-'17 to INR387 crores in '23-'24. This achievement 
reflects our commitment to broadening our product portfolio and staying ahead of evolving 
consumer needs. 
 
The commissioning of our new borosilicate glassware furnace last year marks a major milestone 
for us. By expanding production capacity, we're not only meeting the growing demand but also 
strategically reducing our reliance on imports. This move aligns seamlessly with our mission to 
drive a shift from plastic and steel towards healthier, more sustainable glass alternatives. 
 
Our approach of combining product innovation with accessible pricing has resonated strongly 
with consumers, particularly in everyday use categories like lunch boxes, which appeals across 
all age groups. 
 
As awareness of the benefits of glassware continues to grow, we see this momentum sustaining 
in the long run. Our key focus right now is to broaden and strengthen our brand presence. We 
are committed to transitioning consumers from plastic and melamine to glass storage and Opal, 
while also encouraging greater adoption of microwavable products. 
 
To diversify our portfolio, we've continuously introduced new innovations, including high-grade 
steel products and home appliances. Our ultimate goal is to establish Borosil and Larah as a go-
to brand for modern Indian kitchens, catering to every storage, preparation, cooking, heating, 
and serving needs. 
 
We are highly confident in the medium-term outlook for our business. While we may experience 
periods of slow growth and cautious consumer sentiment, which are natural in market cycles, 
our long-term growth potential remains strong. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
Our strategy is focused on expanding our consumer reach through targeted initiatives and 
launching innovative products that cater to evolving customer needs. We also plan to optimize 
our supply chain and marketing efforts to drive maximum impact. 
 
With that, I would like to throw the floor open to questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Resha Mehta from GreenEdge Wealth. Please 
go ahead.  
Resha Mehta: 
Compliments for the revenue growth considering the muted macro demand. The first is on the 
sourcing. I'm fairly new to the company. So first on the sourcing, if you could just clarify that 
now glassware with the furnace that we have is everything 100% in-house? 
 
Or how is it for each of the segments, if you could elaborate on glassware and non-glassware, is 
there anything that we in-source or everything is outsourced? And what would be the China 
sourcing component over here? For each of these segments, if you could also comment on what 
would be our utilization for glassware and opalware? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Okay. So thanks for your interest in the company. I'll answer this question from multiple 
perspectives. As far as I'll go segment by segment. 
 
As far as opalware is concerned, 100% is in-house manufactured and there is no external 
sourcing. Coming to glassware, glassware has 3 separate product categories. One is pressware, 
which is entirely made in-house after the addition of our new production line. Second is 
blownware, which is a very small segment, maybe only 5%, 7% of our overall glassware sales, 
and that is imported, and that will continue to be imported. 
 
And the third is what we call tube-made glass products, which are actually manufactured by 
Borosil Scientific and that is purchased from Borosil Scientific. So these are the 3 categories. I 
would say glassware and even the blown glassware is not bought from China. 
 
So glassware is 100% either made in India or then some quantity comes from other geographies, 
but that's hardly 5%, 7% of the total glassware sales. As coming to non-glassware. 
Resha Mehta: 
Sorry to interrupt. Just the last one you said what is it that we get it manufactured from the 
scientific ware, which one? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
These are our glass bottles and our vision glasses, some storage containers. 
Resha Mehta: 
And I mean, from an overall revenue or a manufacturing standpoint, that would be how much 
that is basically sourced from? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
No, we don't share that data. But I would say the vast majority of glassware is the press 
production, which is anywhere made in-house. Coming to non-glassware, it's 100% outsourced 
at the present moment. It used to be mostly coming in from outside of the country. 
 
But I would say in the last 2 years, we've now about 30% to 35% made in India, 65% is imported 
still. With various BIS norms coming into play, I would say, if I have to take a bet in the next 3 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
years, this will become 70%, 80% in India, and maybe 20% outside of India, that will be the 
shift. 
 
And we are also evaluating our production versus outsourced production here. I think we'll be 
taking a call very shortly on capex in this area because as you can see, the market is growing, 
and we have also done reasonably well in the segment. 
 
So overall, the in-sourcing is definitely the theme and made in India is definitely the theme that 
we see across this range. And coming to capacity utilization, I would say, in opalware, we are 
roughly at about 85% capacity utilization this year. And in glassware, as far as the press is 
concerned, we would be closer to 55%, 60% capacity utilization. 
 
So there's room for growth in both these product categories. The other area is, there's no real on 
the non-glassware front, there's no capacity utilization anyway is outsourced. So it doesn't make 
sense to have any number on capacity utilization. So yes, I think that answers more or less all 
your questions. But some data we can't share. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sir, 2, or 3 questions from my side. So first of all, just wanted to understand regarding this ban 
in a way, the metal bottles, etc. So what does the current situation mean the SMEs are, I guess, 
allowed to import right now. 
 
But till what time they might be allowed to import again, in India, I guess, the capacity to produce 
the products that are getting consumed right now is very limited, the high-quality production 
capacity. So what can be the ultimate solution over here? So that is question number two. 
 
Secondly, now that can be a very big opportunity for a successful brand like Borosil because we 
can gain market share as the smaller stock unorganized players may struggle to set up the new 
manufacturing units as early as Borosil. So what is our strategy in this market? 
 
And lastly, if the steel bottle market itself may in a way decline, can that be taken over by 
glassware bottles? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Okay. So look, I'll answer the last one first, and the answer is no. Because steel has a totally 
different requirement. So I don't think glass can replace steel from an application or from a use 
perspective because people go to the gym or sit on the train or go on a bike to work, unlikely 
that they will carry a glass bottle for fear of breakage. 
 
So we have, frankly speaking, no alternative but to decide to make this product in India. And I 
think very shortly, we'll be doing that. We do see some short-term challenges in terms of revenue 
growth I think we've alluded to that in the past also. But I think these are short-term challenges. 
 
As you rightly kind of highlighted, there's actually a very strong medium-term opportunity for 
us because when we set up the manufacturing plant here, we are likely to be doing it in a much 
more organized way than, let's say, smaller players. And I hope that will give us a long-term 
reason to win in this category in a bigger and better way than we have. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
So whatever we do, we'll be doing it with some large scale in mind. And I expect that the short-
term headwinds will be able to, let's say, overcome that from a medium-term perspective. 
 
We have imported more products in the short run to avoid or to, let's say, reduce the impact of 
the sales slowdown. But yes, there will be some small short-term impact. And we're actively 
working even today to increase our domestic sourcing. 
 
The challenge is that we can't even just go ahead and choose any vendor. We really have a lot 
of quality control mechanisms, which are in play to make sure we give a quality product to the 
end customer. So we can't compromise our brand even if we have the cost of losing sales even 
in the short run. 
 
So there are certain challenges. But I think in the medium term, I'm not even saying long term, 
but even in the medium term, I think it's a fantastic opportunity for us. And it will only help us 
increase our sales and increasing profit in the medium term. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
The second question is on the small kitchen appliances. So we have entered multiple kitchen 
appliances, obviously, at the top end or premium end of the market. So what is the current 
revenue run rate and whether the products are available pan-India or we are still present largely 
in metros and Tier 1 cities? And how do you see this business panning out? 
 
We see there is some stress at the bottom of the pyramid and overall other kitchen appliance 
companies have also reported muted growth rates over the past 2, or 3 quarters. And even e-
commerce is the only channel that is doing well in that kind of market. So how do you see the 
market panning out? And what is the 3-year road map for this business as well? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
See, non-glassware, you can see the growth, 18%, okay, 17.8% to be precise. It's on Page 13 of 
the presentation in 9 months.  So I can say that non-glassware primarily comprises 3 categories, 
that is your kitchen appliances, Second is the hydra, bottles and the third is steel servingware. 
And the steel servingware is still quite small. The other 2 categories are, let's say, the dominant 
in share from non-glassware. 
 
So I would say we have scaled reasonably well in that segment. And I think the mass premium 
segment where we operate, we are not really spending too much money in advertising for this 
category. Of course, we spend a lot of money advertising overall for the brand. But for this 
specific category, we don't really spend much money. And it's more dependent on customer pull. 
 
And hopefully, you can see reviews on Amazon and other social channels. You'll find that people 
generally have a good view of our products. So we are a quality-led company in terms of the 
feel of the product, the performance of the product has to really help customers give word-of-
mouth feedback to their friends and relatives. And we have been quite successful over there. 
 
So I don't see that the muted growth from this is something for us at this scale to really be too 
concerned about. The larger challenge even here is the supply chain because, again, BIS issues 
even in appliances are getting larger and larger. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
Although we have successfully transitioned a lot of this range from India to Made in India. There 
are a few products that still are not in the ecosystem, the vendor ecosystem doesn't exist in India. 
But I think we'll be able to find solutions here in terms of the supply chain, the supply chain for 
the steel bottle is more critical at this stage at least compared to the appliances. 
 
But overall, I believe this market has substantial potential. We are available, like you rightly 
mentioned, more in metros. But actually, we are seeing the penetration increasing in terms of a 
number of retail outlets in which our appliances are available. But I would say it's still the tip of 
the pyramid. 
 
There's a huge number of places where we are not available. And our team is working diligently 
to add those areas wherever it makes sense. But online, I think we have a fairly good presence 
even here. But on the trade side, I think there's still a lot of work to do. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sir, last question, and then I will join back in the queue. So what is our current channel-wise 
mix, let's say, in 9 months FY '25? So general trade, even modern trade, e-commerce, including 
our own website and other e-commerce? And also, what is our strategy for quick commerce? 
 
Lastly, we have seen there is a lot of stress in the MFI channel also. So, one is Borosil present 
in the MFI channel? And again, this means, is there any impact we have also observed in that 
channel? 
 
Also, in the case of CSD, some of the companies have said that there is inventory correction 
happening and that can lead to relatively lower primary sales, while secondary sales may remain 
healthy. So again, what is our impact due to the changes in CSD norms per se?  Yes, that's it 
from my side. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Thanks. Aniruddha. You said one question, you've asked ten there anyway. To answer your 
questions, I would say that as far as percentage share of channels is concerned, we don't share 
that data. And I would not like to share it either. We want to reach the customer. 
 
The basic strategy is that the customer is who we care about, how to reach the customer that the 
customer chooses, whether he or she wants to buy online, wants to buy on quick commerce, 
wants to buy on trade, that's the customer's prerogative. We have to be everywhere. 
 
And wherever the customer decides to buy our product, they will find it there. So that's actually 
the strategy, not necessarily speaking quick commerce or e-commerce or those are just means 
to the end. And those channels, every time there's a change in their own competitive intensity, 
their own desire to kind of penetrate the market. 
 
So, we just follow those trends. We are not making those trends. But yes, to substitute plastic in 
the kitchen, to substitute, let's say, melamine, these are the strategies that we have and the 
channel is just a means to achieve that end. 
 
As far as the question of the channels is concerned of MFI rather specifically, we are not directly 
present in MFI. And therefore, you're right, there has been some, at least what I've heard is that 
there has been some stress there. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
We have not been impacted because we didn't have much revenue from that segment. Not to say 
we won't participate in the future. But at the moment, we don't have much revenue directly. 
Maybe some of our distributors would be doing it on their own independently, but nothing direct. 
 
Coming to CSD, you're absolutely right. You have good research. There has been some 
correction in stocking at CSD. But these things happen in business every 2, or 3 years, something 
or the other happens. So sometimes something grows a bit less, sometimes it grows more. I 
would say that's just a general business case. 
 
So I would not highlight it. The one thing that has to be highlighted, which I also shared in my 
opening remarks, is the gifting reduction in B2B for your pharma companies, this has definitely 
impacted not just us but the whole industry. So that is something that is a one-off. I do believe 
that eventually, this should come back. But at the moment, I would say that if I had to pick one 
thing in the whole year, that was the biggest impact from a sales perspective for us in this year. 
 
Other things are business as usual, whether it's an increase in quick commerce or a decrease of 
any other channel. Those are just normal things, and I would not say they are from a larger trend 
perspective, they are not that meaningful. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question. That is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Very good growth in non-glassware compared to the industry. So sir, my question is related to 
the brand extension in terms of getting more products and to support our growth going forward. 
So if you could tell us more about it. Also, opalware now seems to be hitting full utilization, and 
we are already at INR400 crores annual run rate. So how do we get growth going forward from 
the opal segment? And also the newer categories, which we had spoken about. So how do we 
get growth for the future years? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes. So we are actively working. Let me talk about categories first. Although we ourselves say 
opalware, actually, the appropriate definition for that is not opalware. The appropriate definition 
is dinnerware. We say as opalware, let's say, serving wear is the appropriate definition for that 
category. 
 
Now in opalware, we do see more competitors coming also maybe in the future. But there is still 
a lot of scope in the broader category of serving to substitute plastic, melamine, and even bone 
China. So we are actively working on other materials. And hopefully, soon, we should be able 
to launch some products. I don't know how the scale will work over here. But that's certainly 
something we're working on, and we will be launching in the next few months, new products in 
the general dinner or serving ware segment. 
 
We also have other products, other categories we are working on, in the non-glassware space, 
which I believe we will also probably look at launching in the next 3 to 6 months. So I would 
say that new categories will drive some percentage of growth. 
 
Obviously, when you launch a new category, there's no guarantee of success. We have succeeded 
many times. We also failed many times. So we keep trying, and I believe that if we do the right 
process, we should have a fair share of successes. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
But I would not like to comment too much on that because it's still work in progress. And 
hopefully, that should also cover some percentage of, say, losses that happen in the short term 
coming from things like BIS implementation. 
 
So let's not look at opalware growth. I don't have any answer for you specifically that how 
opalware will grow, but I do have an answer on how serving ware will grow. And I have always 
maintained that overall as a company, we should have a 15% to 20% kind of medium-term 
CAGR, which I still believe that we can achieve. 
 
Although in the very short run, there may be some challenges owing to BIS, but I would say we 
should be able to overcome that. And if you look at historical numbers from 2016 till now, even 
through COVID, we have grown at better than 20%. So while, of course, the base grows higher, 
I would say that 15% to 20% is achievable when we look at new, new category launches as well. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sir, 2 questions on this topic, sir. So one is now when we say about newer category of products 
we get into. So in the dinnerware you have a lot of, you say Bone China or maybe something 
else. So in terms of positioning of the products, so we have glassware, I mean, borosilicate glass 
though not as pure dinnerware, but as at the premium end of the pyramid, and then we have 
opalware. 
 
So the newer category would be priced below that or somewhere in between. 
So, as I can 
understand, we will be occupying more shelf space at the retailer end. So how the pricing would 
work because yes, giving the premiumness of Borosil as a brand in the consumers' minds. Then 
I have other questions. This one, please. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Okay. So you mentioned that glassware is the high end of premium, that's not entirely correct. 
It's probably a mass premium product, slightly higher than mass premium, but there are also 
other products that are even more premium than glass. 
 
So, we are evaluating entering even further more premium categories as one option. But in 
principle, we don't really go after markets which are too low in cost. That's not like, say, 
melamine, that's not the idea to get into those kind of categories where it's not good for you or 
not good for environment, not good for health. So we'll not enter those categories. 
 
The idea would be to look at categories which are good. Our tagline performs beautifully. So 
products that have some high performance and they must look good also while performing. So 
those are categories where we will enter. 
 
I would not like to give too much away at the moment because it's still work in progress. When 
we launch it, we'll definitely talk about it. But it's not necessary to say that glass is the highest 
end. There are even many categories that are more premium than glass. 
 
Conversely, there are categories which are cheaper than opal, but also are healthy and which 
may be looking for some disruption. So those are also categories we can think about. But I would 
not like to comment more on it until we actually have a firm launch of those products. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
And now the other question is on the margins front. So 2 things here. So one is that this quarter, 
the margins were clearly below expectations of the investors. So there must be some line item 
that could have seen a lot of inflation, a lot of onetime maybe. 
 
So I would like to understand in detail about it. And secondly, now in the short term, is there 
some cost or some BIS regulation as a one-off it could be, which could put further pressure on 
the margin? So as over a longer-term period, a 2-year period, we are aiming to have a 20% 
EBITDA margin at a company level. So in that journey, what should we be expecting? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
I'll refer to EBITDA margins because going after PAT doesn't make sense right now because 
our depreciation has skyrocketed, which is always expected given the capex invested. So if you 
look at EBITDA margins, we are roughly around 17.5% EBITDA margins. 
 
And as mentioned already, it's not a gross margin issue. It's an EBITDA margin issue, okay? 
Gross margins, which we don't share of course the data, so you don't have it, but our gross margin 
has actually been growing. Even this year, we have grown at least 2 percentage points in gross 
margin across all the categories. 
 
The challenge has been, as I mentioned earlier, there's been a change in channel mix, and 
advertisement expenses for online have increased which has contributed to this. The second 
thing is because, again, this a course change in channel mix, things like institutional sales, which 
were relatively more profitable because normally, these are large volume orders, they are more 
efficiently producible and they are delivered at one location. 
 
So freight costs are lower and so on, plus manpower costs are lower because these are large key 
customers. So the loss of the pharma, let's say, orders have definitely contributed to some 
reduction in margin. 
 
Now I would say that's a temporary phenomenon that should reverse itself. So we look at the 
gross margin and the gross margin is more, I would say, indicative of any challenge, let's say, in 
the category itself, which we don't see.  So the number which I have also always mentioned that 
in the next say, two, or three years, can we increase our EBITDA margin to beyond 20%. I think 
that is very much on the cards. 
 
There will be short-term blips. It's never a straight-line increase. So we are going through one of 
those blips. And given the fact that gross margins are improving, I'm not too worried about it. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Would that be a related issue that could come would be in terms of higher sourcing cost and 
thus, again, some pressure on the margin? Is that what you mean? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
See, the higher sourcing cost would be applicable for everybody in the whole industry, okay? 
So in my opinion, that should not reduce margins because the product price may go up and the 
total demand of the product may suffer to some extent if you increase the price. I don't think the 
margins will be impacted there. Your revenue growth may be impacted for sure. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
And in the short term, if you're not able to get the full supply chain in order, you have fixed 
overhead, which you will not be able to absorb, okay? The short-term margin impact will only 
come from overhead, not from the actual gross margin of the product. 
 
And in the long term, the impact will be dependent on how efficiently we can make the product 
in India. And therefore, how little an impact it will be -- there will be definitely some impact to 
the end customer in terms of higher selling prices, but how we can limit that impact? But I would 
say I don't see any margin impact because of this in the medium-term at all, only revenue growth 
in that. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sir, when are the BIS norms kicking in? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
They've already kicked in. 
Dhaval Shah: 
So is there some quota in terms of reduction of imports? Or how is it? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
No, there's no quota per se, but fresh imports are not allowed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman from Seven Rivers. 
Aman: 
So my first question is on opalware. We haven't grown much there in this quarter. And since we 
had launched some premium products recently, does that mean there was volume loss in this 
quarter? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
No, actually, volume growth was higher. The premium product is just a small percentage of 
overall sales, at least at the moment. There's no volume loss. In fact, like I said, volume growth, 
overall 9-month revenue growth of 9% volume growth is probably slightly higher than that. But 
again, I'll just repeat the main issue was because of the loss in institutional sales, which has 
impacted the revenue growth of the organization. And because most of that has come out of the 
opalware sales. 
Aman: 
And my second question is on the utilization of glassware capacity. So when do we expect to 
reach the maximum capacity there? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Well, we have overall given three years as, let's say, the time frame in which we should utilize 
the whole glass capacity. But we hope to do it in two. Let's see. It's only year one, which we are 
going through at the moment. So it depends on the market. 
 
I mean we are not really having a lot of tailwinds from a market perspective at the moment. So 
we would hope that we have some more tailwinds. And if things go well in terms of our new 
product development, even in glassware, I do hope that we can do this in two years. But in any 
case, it should not be longer than three. 
Aman: 
So it's fair to assume like FY '27, we should be able to completely utilize this? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Aman: 
And do we have a number for steady-state EBITDA margins then? 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes, we have already indicated that we expect somewhere in the 20% to 22% EBITDA margin 
overall. 
Aman: 
And my other question is again on other expenses. So other expenses have come in higher than 
last year, like you mentioned. But in our Q2 call, we were expecting some normalization in ad 
spends from this quarter on, right? So are we expecting ad spends to stay elevated for some time? 
If you could give us some time line there? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes. Like I said, the challenge has been the channel mix because the e-commerce has become a 
larger share. So normally for e-commerce, you have to spend more advertising money to keep 
sales localized. And that because of the B2B business reducing the ad spend has kind of been 
impacted in a negative way, meaning we have to spend more. 
 
It's hard to give you very short-term input on this in what will happen in Q4, and Q1. In the long-
term, we have always indicated that at a certain scale, our ad spend should come down, and that 
will also be a part of the operating leverage, which I still expect it has to happen. But 
unfortunately, in the very short run, in quarter-on-quarter, it sometimes gets impacted. But I do 
expect our ad spend used to be 10% at some point. Now it's down to 8%. And hopefully, over 
the next two, three years, it should come down to 6%. And I think we should be able to maintain 
that. 
Aman: 
You just said that there was some slowdown on some of the channels. Is it like a broad-based 
slowdown? Like in all the channels, are we seeing some slowdown? Or how do you see? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Generally, you can see data across. There has been a general consumer slowdown. I mean, it's 
not just restricted to kitchen products. If you look at numbers shown by most of the consumer 
facing companies, I don't think there's been really very aggressive growth. So in general, there 
is a slowdown. And specific for us, there was a slowdown in the B2B channel. 
Aman: 
Another question I have is on sir, would you have a number for us for change in margins when 
it comes to importing bottles versus, let's say, sourcing them from India manufacturing? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
At the moment, I can't share. I mean that's too early. It's too early. 
Aman: 
And how much do these bottles contribute to sales? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
See, non-glassware is about 1/3 of our sales, if I'm not mistaken. And this is a large chunk of 
non-glassware. It's about 40% of our sales. And yes, it's about half of that, let's say 20%. 
Aman: 
20% or so? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes. 
Aman: 
And the last question I have is, so we are doing about INR20 crores in depreciation every quarter. 
Can we expect this number to come down next year since the second opalware furnace might be 
near full depreciation, right? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
No, no. The depreciation takes about five, seven years, if I'm not mistaken. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Aman: 
So this number will be around this INR20 crores for the -- throughout next year, right? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes. Is not a bad thing. 
Aman: 
And sir, do you have any capex plans to be shared with us for next year? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
At the moment, I have nothing specific to share. But like I told you, thematically, we will have 
to put the most likely the capacity for the bottles here in India. And that will have some capex. 
I don't know the exact number, but my sense is somewhere in the INR50 crores to INR70 crores 
range would be the capex. 
Aman: 
INR50 crores to INR70 crores for bottles for next year? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes. This includes working capital and everything. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sir, my first question is on the opalware. I mean you have mentioned the reason for weakness in 
sales in opalware mainly because the gifting sales has not happened. Would you be able to 
quantify how much is the impact or maybe broadly how big was gifting as a percentage of all 
these? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
I would say it's cost us at least about 10% of revenues of our opal revenues. 
Akhil Parekh: 
And this is like a permanent loss, I believe, right? I mean it's not going to come back next year 
because of this. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Look, I don't know very well, but I think there's some change now. So maybe we'll expect this 
to bounce back. But it's not clear to me yet.. So when we get orders, we'll tell you. 
Akhil Parekh: 
And secondly, you mentioned that the capacity utilization is already at 85%, right? I mean we 
know that it takes a lot of time for a glass facility to come on stream. 
 
So theoretically speaking, I mean, shouldn't we have already started building a new facility? Or 
is it that the channel level inventory in Opalware is right now at a higher level? And it might 
take more time for that capacity to get absorbed. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
See, firstly, we are doing debottlenecking for our current capacity. And so our furnace will be 
down this quarter, 1 furnace will be down next quarter for rebuilding. When we rebuild these 
furnaces, we will increase our capacity by roughly 10% as it is. So our capacity will go from 
100 units to 110 units in this coming year just by simple debottlenecking. 
 
Then we have another potential to further debottleneck, which could maybe increase it from 110 
to 120 units about 2 years out. So effectively, we have room to go from 85 to 120 in the next 2 
years. In this interim, we do see competition may be increasing here. So we should then evaluate 
whether we want to focus more on this category or look at other categories within the dinnerware 
segment. We see some opportunities there as well. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
So at this moment, we are not ready to commit to any further opal capacity increase, except for 
the 100 to 120 sales journey, which will happen just with very minimal capex and will happen 
organically in the next couple of years. 
Akhil Parekh: 
It's a bit surprising to hear that competitive intensity has gone up in opalware ,we always thought 
that it's very difficult to have opalware capacity and the business is very complicated. And the 
market size is not big enough for the other players to kind of enter into this segment. 
 
Would you be able to comment on which are the players because our channels in past, like a 
year back were indicating built and probably trying to enter into this segment. Is that correct? 
Or maybe if you can throw some more light on competitive intensity part? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
So your assessment is right in that there is very few players can play in the segment because of 
the challenges that you already mentioned. But there are at least 5 players in India who can do 
this, out of which 3 are already playing. So our understanding is that a fourth player coming in 
this segment. It's coming, it's about to come. 
Akhil Parekh: 
But if we don't expand in opalware, I mean, my ballpark assumption is that 50% of our operating 
profits are coming from the opalware segment as a percentage of the total. And if we don't grow 
in that segment, our margin trajectory won't it get impacted because of that? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
No, that's not correct because glassware also will actually may have even better margins than 
that. And we are growing aggressively in glassware. And glassware capacity utilization, as 
already mentioned, is, say, 55%, 60% long way to grow. And we can further expand capacity 
quite organically over there in, I would say, in a relatively low capex manner. 
 
So I would not jump to that conclusion that Opalware is the only one that's profitable.. So we 
have other levers also. In non-glassware also, there are other product categories, which we can 
start working on and then also get into manufacturing there. 
 
So there are many levers to increase the margin. Opalware is one, glassware is the second. And 
the BIS implementation will also open up at least 1, if not 2 more avenues for margin expansion. 
Again, the reason I don't talk much about it is we should prove it and then talk about it. So no 
point in giving something and then everything takes time. So anything new we do does take 12, 
18, or 24 months to see results. 
 
So in the very short run, that it's not likely to happen. But in the medium term, all these market 
changes may give big opportunities to existing players. 
Akhil Parekh: 
And just 2 last questions, if I can squeeze in. One is, so capacity-wise, like glassware and 
opalware is completely in-house sourcing, right? And non-glass is completely outsourced at that 
point? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Broadly, yes. 
Akhil Parekh: 
And in the pressware facility, the end product would be drinking glasses or with the -- 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Lunch Boxes. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
And these are largely imported at this point of time, if I'm not mistaken? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
No, we make it all. It used to be imported. 
Akhil Parekh: 
It used to be. I mean, so it's more of an import substitution plus domestic growth. I mean that's 
what I'm gonna say. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
That's right. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for the interest in the company. And I just want to end by saying 
that as already mentioned, revenue growth has been good. Margins, definitely, as you can see, 
there are some challenges. But from an organization perspective, our concern is always 3, 5, 10 
years out. And in that particular thing, we do things to grow the organization from that 
perspective, even at the cost of short-term decision-making, which can improve margins or 
which can help you in the short run to show, let's say, better numbers, but it may hurt growth. 
 
So our focus has been on growth, on communicating to customers what we're all about, on 
spending money on developing teams. And definitely, when you have quarters such as a couple 
of ones that have just gone by where demand has not been so robust, then you do see some short-
term impact on the margin. I'm not too worried about it. 
 
I think we have to build a company which is very strong and customer-centric for the future. 
India's opportunity is vast, and that's how we look at the business, not specifically too worried 
about quarter-on-quarter from a margin perspective. It's just a kind of thought I would like to 
leave everyone with. But really thank you for your support and your engagement and look 
forward to speaking with you next time. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI 
Securities, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
