05th March, 2025  
The General Manager    
The Manager 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited    
National Stock Exchange of India 
1st floor, New Trading Ring,    
 Limited 
Rotunda Building    
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G 
P J Towers    
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Fort    
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 001    
Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 500249    
NSE Symbol: KSB 
Subject: Transcript for the Institutional Investors Meet. 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
In continuation to our intimation dated 20th February, 2025 and 28th February, 2025 
enclosing herewith the Transcript of the Institutional Investors Meet held and 
participated on 28th February, 2025. 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For KSB Limited 
Shraddha Kavathekar 
Company Secretary 
Encl. as above 
Mail to 
: 
 (Head Office) KSB Limited (Formerly KSB Pumps Limited), Mumbai - Pune Road, Pimpri, Pune - 411 018. (India) 
Tel. : +91 20 2710 1000 Fax : +91 20 2742 6000 Visit us at : www.ksbindia.co.in 
Registered Office : Office No. 601, Runwal R-Square, L.B.S. Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai- 400 080, Tel. : +91 (022) 2168 1300 
Zonal Offices 
:     Chennai • Kolkata • Mumbai • NOIDA CIN : L29120MH1960PLC011635
SHRADDHA 
SHAM 
KAVATHEKAR
Digitally signed by 
SHRADDHA SHAM 
KAVATHEKAR 
Date: 2025.03.05 
17:11:15 +05'30'

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 1 of 23 
MANAGEMENT: 
Rajeev Jain - Managing Director 
Mahesh Bhave - Chief Financial Officer 
Presentation 
Unidentified Participant: 
Hi, welcome you all to the Q4 and CY '24 Institutional Investors 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Meet of KSB Limited. Today with us, we have on the dais, Mr. Rajeev 
Jain, 
Managing 
Director; 
and 
Mr. 
Mahesh 
Bhave, 
Chief 
Financial Officer and Ms. Shraddha Kavathekar, Company Secretary.
We'll start with the detailed presentation for the management, which 
will be followed by Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Good morning all. Thank you ICICI for arranging this. So I'll start 
with a cautionary statement as usual. This presentation may contain 
certain forward-looking statement relating to company's future 
business development and economic performance. Such statements 
may be subject to number of risks, uncertainties, and other important 
factors such as, but not limited to, competitive pressures, legislative 
and regulatory developments, global, macroeconomic, and political 
trends, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and general financial 
market conditions, delay or inability in obtaining approvals from 
authorities, technical developments, litigation, adverse publicity, and 
news coverage, which could cause actual developments and result to 
differ materially from the statement made in the presentation. The 
company assumes no obligation to update or alter forward-looking 
statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or 
otherwise. 
Good. So, today, we start with a KSB Group at a glance. We thought 
of sharing this so that you understand worldwide, what is KSB as a 
brand, as a company, as a group. So KSB is having around 300 
locations around the world. You can see the world map. This is where 
KSB's production assembly sites, and sales and service sites are 
involved. 
Global presence, 37 production sites in 18 countries, around 3,500 
worldwide service staff, service workshops around 190, additive 
manufacturing centre one, and we have spare part warehouses for you, 
we can see, and nine foundries in three continents. 
So KSB Group companies over 60 countries. You can see this, our 
very strong KSB's presence in America, in Europe, Middle East, 
Africa, and Asia-Pacific. So this is some historical KSB through the 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 2 of 23 
years. So it started in way back in 1871. And some of the milestones, 
that 1890, we can see the Frankenthal started with 12 people, and 
become a public limited company in 1887. So another milestone 
acquire five German companies. You can see the first outside Europe, 
thing in Argentina. We started way back in 1941 and further 
milestones and sales and production companies in all continents in 
1950. Workforce, of course, rose to 11,000. 
This is a BOA compact, globe wall is launched to the market 1989, 
and of course, further milestones in '14, '18. '23, we can see 
SupremeServ monitoring delivery, transparency, and reliability for 
pump operators. So this is KSB management, KSB SE. We can see 
Dr. Matthias Schmitz, who is our Group CFO; Mr. Kannefass, who is 
our CSO; Dr. Stephan Timmermann, who is our CEO, and Dr. 
Stephan Bross, he's our CTO. That is the Chief Technology Officer. 
Coming to KSB India at a glance. So KSB India, KSB Limited 
established in 1960, headquartered in Pune, Maharashtra. And you can 
see the network. We have six manufacturing plants, six service 
stations, 350 plus service centres, and 22 warehouses, four zonal 
offices, 14 branch offices, and more than 1,100 dealer network. 
We have associated company, KSB MIL Control. This is acquired in 
1997 and headquartered in Kerala. KSB Tech Private Limited is a 
captive unit providing engineering and IT services to the group, 
and this is headquartered in Pune, Maharashtra, established in 
2005. And, of course, we have a licensing office in Bangladesh. 
You can see the photographs of our plants. This is Pimpri, Pune, 
where we have industrial as well as standard pump. Shirwal a state-of-
art energy division plant near Pune. Water Pump Division in Nashik. 
This is our standard pump factory. And Vambori, we have a backward 
integration. This is in Vambori, near Ahilyanagar. Coimbatore this a 
valves division in Tamil Nadu. Coming back to Pune again at 
Chinchwad, our SupremeServ division where we have a central 
warehouse and service backup. And MIL, we discuss associate 
company in Kerala. 
A few milestone for KSB India, as we discussed, established in 1960. 
Foundry, 
in 
Vambori 
near 
Ahilyanagar, 
we 
started 
in 
1974. Chinchwad plant, we started in 1978. Valves division in 
Coimbatore we started in 1987. Energy pump division as we 
discussed, it is a state-of-art energy pump plant. We built this in 
2017 recently. KSB 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 3 of 23 
Tech started in 2005. MIL, as we said acquired in 1997, and water 
pump division in 1994. 
KSB Limited Board of Directors, Mr. Gaurav Swarup who's the 
Chairman. Dr. Stephan Bross, we have seen, he's a Non-Independent 
and Non-Executive Director. Dr. Matthias Schmitz, he's again Non-
Independent and Non-Executive Director. Mr. Jain who is with us 
today is a Managing Director. And we have four Independent 
Directors, Mr. Ulhas Yargop, Mr. U. C. Muktibodh, and ma'am 
Sharmila Roychowdhury, and Mr. Vishal Kampani. 
This is the senior management of KSB Limited. Mr. Nitin Patil, 
Vice President Nuclear Business and Operation; Mr. Mohan 
Patil, who heads HR; Mr. Jain, of course, Managing Director; 
myself, I'm handling Finance; and Mr. Sunil Bapat, Vice 
President of Solar Business and Sinnar operations; and Mr. 
Prashant Kumar who heads Sales and Marketing. 
Moving ahead with financial performance. So, total employee strength 
is 2165 as of 31/12/2024, and quarter ended, as you are aware ₹726 
crores, and the year ended with ₹2,533 crores. And PBT level, you can 
see ₹938 million and ₹3,220 million. 
So a very good growth story, I would say. You can see the CAGR 
revenue from operation with very robust 20% growth. We ended at 
25,331 million. Profit after tax, again, a very robust CAGR 25%. We 
ended, December '24, ₹240 crores. And EBITDA level, you can see 
again a very robust 18% CAGR, and we ended with ₹350 crores. 
So value creation for investors over last five years, again, a good 
story. Net worth, you can see ₹14,251 million. Again, a good growth. 
EPS, you can see ₹13.84. ROCE, this is with cash and bank balance. 
So it is, again a good story of 23.42%. And if I take out cash and bank 
it'd be around 29% to 30%. 
Dividend, again, what we declared, yesterday is a 200%. Again, a 
good steady and robust growth story. Inventories, you can see good 
improvement. You can refer the DIH. That is number of days. It is 
reduced from 96 to 83. Lot of efforts in all plants, and that has resulted 
into a good control over inventories. Receivable this is also under 
control. You can see 74 days, even including solar. We are 
maintaining this very well. Cash, good improvement. You can see 
$323 crore as net cash position as of December end. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 4 of 23 
Some of the business highlights. So fields of application for our 
products, we are into energy, building services, general industry, 
petrochemical and chemicals, mining, and water. So these are six 
market areas and 21 submarket areas where we are operating. Order 
intake with nuclear, again, a very good story of CAGR, 19%. You can 
see '24 it's ₹27,035 million. 
Orders in hand, again, a very good thing, and you can see around ₹967 
crores without nuclear, and nuclear is around ₹1,200. So overall, 
₹2,200, and ₹50 Cr orders in hand. A same slide where you are 
interested a segment wise. And you can see standard business is 
growing to 51%, which is giving us lot of opportunities. 16% is 
engineered, SupremeServ 14%, and 19% is valves, which is also 
growing very well. 
So some of the success stories, few segments which we'll be 
discussing today. Solar, you can see order intake is very steadily 
growing as well as sale. Sales, we have done $183 crores in 2024. 
Successful development of DC motor, MNRE approvals for our solar 
products, successfully qualified for MNRE tender under PM-Kusum 
scheme. 7,000 plus system order received from Maharashtra, Uttar 
Pradesh, Gujarat, Haryana, and Rajasthan, and recently qualified in 
three states that is Meghalaya, Tripura, and Madhya Pradesh. 5000 
plus systems are installed so far, dedicated solar organisation and 
installation teams. 
Moving to another success story, SupremeServ. So this includes the 
Spare Part business and service. So we can see very good growth in 
SupremeServ sales, and we ended in ₹233 crores in 2024, and many 
prestigious and important orders. 
Valves business another very good success story. You can see the 
CAGR 21% growth, and many products which we added here. We 
have added compact ball valve launched for MEA market. We have 
new Ecoline Steam Traps, low emission valves, we qualified and a full 
bore forged. So these are new introduction. 
As I said good CAGR even in order intake as well as sales. We 
reached first position in GGC domestic valves in 2022. Order based 
development, range enhancement, certification, qualification to meet 
customer requirements, capacity enhancement measure through 
contract manufacturing for low end products, efficiency improvement 
measures through semi-automation, flexibility, and hybrid sales, and 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 5 of 23 
implementation of identified cost saving measures, inventory control 
through standardisation. 
So we have certain very, very important certification, success story. 
Coimbatore is TSG Manufacturing License. So KSB Limited 
Coimbatore achieves prestigious TSG Manufacturing License for the 
state administration for market regulation that is SAMR. And this is 
for PR China making major breakthrough in expanding export 
capabilities for pressure piping components. 
Another, in the mechanical seal, we have again very proud to 
announce that this is Avant-Garde Systems and Controls. This is a 
very prominent consultant in general industry has officially approved 
KSB Mechanical Seal. 
Navy business update, products for naval ships. So we have a KSB 
Itur who is supporting us technically and on license front. So we have 
AU monobloc and KMND. So this is for Indian Navy, Mazagon Dock 
yard, Cochin Shipyard, Indian Navy, and yeah, these are the 
customers. Mechanical seal, again, a very good story. You can see 
mechanical seal order intake is rising 2024. This is $13,065. And you 
can see the production also and the localisation 92% of component 
seals are localised and 90% import is reduced. 
Firefighting pump update, another a very good segment. You can see, 
ETN, FXM two models tested and found okay, and remaining three 
models will be assembled and tested. Application for alternate 
manufacturing location that is AML is already submitted to FM and 
UL by KSB Germany. Another is with WKS 125 1450 RPM. That is 
Horizontal MSMO is developed and released in the market for sales. 
And you can see the order intake December '22 and December '23. 
And of course, December '24, you can see the steady growth. Another 
success story, BP & CL. 
As you are aware, we have acquired this technology, and you can see 
the numbers is already, payback can be achieved in next two years. So 
order intake in '23, achieved is 42 Mio and order intake in '24, 162 
Mio. Nuclear business update. As you are aware, a very positive news 
in this budget also. So we can see the order intake from '18, '19 to '24. 
It's a very steady order intake and 2,700 million is 24 order intake, 
which includes of course Kudankulam order. 
Aftermarket is also very steadily growing. You can see a good growth 
and 235 million we achieved in 2024 in aftermarket in nuclear. Some 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 6 of 23 
of the ESG and CSR updates. So it's a feather in cap that third-party 
assurance for GHG Emissions, Zero Waste to Landfill, that is ZWL 
and Zero Liquid Discharge, that is ZLD. So these are few 
environmental goal, what we have achieved. 
Yeah. In, Kade, near Pune, we have this skill to employability. So 
KSB Care Charitable Trust and KSB Limited have been supporting 
tribal woman in the Khed region near Pune to provide them skill sets 
so that making them employable. So total, you can see 182 girls have 
been impacted and trained in the PCB assembly operator and 
beneficiaries are employed, and they are earning around 13K to 15K 
salary. 
So this is a very good scheme. So Y4D is an NGO. This is Annual 
Day award, what we got for KSB Limited. Yeah. So that's it for 
today's presentation. We also would like to run, we are entering into 
domestic market where we have started some of the advertisement 
which we released in East Zone initially. Now we will be going for 
North Zone. So just to give you an idea. 
[Video Advertisement]. 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Yes, so we are open for question and answers. 
Question-and-Answer Session 
Unidentified Analyst: 
The payments are also delayed. So that is leading to, I mean the pace 
of execution has reduced. At least this is what we hear from the 
industry in general. So how has been your experience? If you can 
break it up into which subsectors are doing well and which subsectors 
are not doing that well from the project side? 
Rajeev Jain: 
Government business, we are mainly in solar. That means directly 
doing the business with government sector. And in solar, I think the 
business and the potential and the growth is quite good. Yeah, there 
are challenges in terms of payments, the receipt of payments. But 
there is a process there. You have to finish the installations, get all the 
documentation, certification complete, upload it on the portal, and 
then it becomes really actual receivable. So that itself today for us is a 
bit of a learning curve. 
We are understanding the whole process and strengthening that thing. 
But once it is done, it is the payments are happening even though I 
would admit that it is slow. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 7 of 23 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Excluding solar, if we see, the large projects like, water supply, 
irrigation, and even on the industry side, are there any delays that you 
are seeing in execution where your EPC contractor would have told 
you that please supply with a lag? 
Rajeev Jain: 
We are not much present in the Water segment in the project site, 
irrigation. We are mainly in the dealer business, in the standard 
business. The project business is more focused on energy site and 
refinery and petrochemical. And industry, yes, but that again is 
through dealers. We don't do directly with the government sector. So 
that's why our exposure to government business is more on the solar 
and nuclear energy as well as petrochemical refinery. So I wouldn't be 
able to clarify on that point related to water projects. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And just last question on the nuclear side. Today, the pumps that we'll 
be using for the primary island, for the nuclear island, those pumps, 
are they indigenised here or we are still in the process of doing that? 
Rajeev Jain: 
100% indigenised. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So even for the reactor island, all the pumps are… 
Rajeev Jain: 
100% indigenised. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Liquid, sodium pumps and all. 
Rajeev Jain: 
100%. KSB's strength is that, we have been in this business for 
decades, and this localisation has happened in the step-by-step phase. 
And for the latest orders, we are supplying 100% in indigenous. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi, if you can quickly update us on the status of nuclear power 
execution, what is the status? How much are we likely to book this 
year and next year? That's my first question. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, I keep giving this information in every Investor Meet. Hopefully, 
this year, I may avoid that I should answer this next time. ₹100 crores 
is what we have planned, two pump sets. And the status is the test bed 
where it has to be tested is progressing. The casing was supplied some 
couple of months ago that is being welded, and the test bed should be 
ready by end of March. And once it is ready, the hydro test will 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
happen, and then the pumps will be tested in the coming months. The 
motors are being dispatched in this month, that means today itself. 
 
So, I would say that we are pretty confident that we should be able to 
supply two pump sets, pump sets, pump with motor in this year, and 
that's what we have planned. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And what is the plan as of now for next year? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Next year should happen four pumps minimum at least, sure. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And the second question is related to capacity utilisation. What is the 
capacity utilisation for us across plants? And do we have enough 
capacity for growth next year? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. Capacity, I would say capacity utilisation is quite healthy. I 
would rate it, between 85%, 90%. This is very healthy at each 
locations now. At most of our older locations, we are almost covered, 
all the ground coverage area except for our new plant in Shirwal. Even 
in Sinnar, the last shed is being built, which will be completed in 
couple of months. And then we would have hardly any space for 
further expansion. So capacity utilisation wise, we are quite good. On 
the readiness for capacity for growth, also we are investing in our 
plants in Shirwal and Sinnar, I mentioned. 
 
Shirwal, we are building. We took care, taken a land. We are building 
the shed and expanding the capacity there. Sinnar, we should complete 
this shed in this year, as I mentioned. Apart from that, we are 
upgrading our machineries, old machines, replacing with the new four 
axis, five axis machine, which will be high end and multi-operation 
machines. 
 
We have ordered also machine for mechanical seal manufacturing. So 
all this will enhance our capacity, machining capacity and machine 
building capacity. On the manpower front, yes, we are continuously 
taking in skilled young naps, apprentices, and other replacing with the 
people who are retiring. 
 
So, yes, for the present situation, we are very well prepared not only 
for next year, but all the coming years because there is going to be 
good investment in nuclear in the coming years, and we need to have 
the readiness prepared in terms of machines first. And all those CapEx 
is being done in these years. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sure. Thank you sir, and best of luck. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah, hi. Good afternoon. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Good afternoon. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
In thermal, I understand we have a strong opportunity to supply pump 
sets. So have you started, receiving any inquiries yet? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. That's a change which has happened, compared to the previous 
years. In the thermal sector, the supercritical plants were normally 
BHEL was the successful EPCs, and BHEL makes their own pumps. 
So we had less opportunity there. Except for FGD, we could not 
supply much. But recently, L&T has won three projects, and there are 
other EPCs who are bidding and successful, also in JSW project, West 
Bengal. 
 
So there is good amount of projects coming up and with the 
government announcement on to set up these plants in the next five 
years. And the first inquiries have already there. Now the technical 
bids have been submitted to L&T, and the finalisation should happen 
in the next quarter. So this is a new avenue of business which has 
opened up for the thermal sector. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Per megawatt term or if you could talk about like an 800 megawatt per 
unit, what could be our opportunity for thermal? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Very difficult to quantify such things. Normally, for this kind of 
plants, we offer boiler feed pumps and condensate extraction pumps 
and some pumps for balance of plants. If you ask me, maybe a 
ballpark figure of ₹50 crores or something would be for each plant, 
but it depends on our hit rate and success rate on what different plants 
we get. But just as a figure which we would be satisfied or targeting 
would be this much. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And our valves business has done quite well in this quarter in terms of 
growth and in terms of margins. So is there a one-off in the margins, 
or how do you see the growth progressing for valves business for 
coming few years? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
If you would have seen our presentation, it's not only in this quarter. 
21% CAGR year-on-year for four or five years. So it's a remarkable 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
success for valve business. Valve market is a bigger than pump 
market. And with the products we have developed, with the capacity, 
internally efficiency, improvement with our success with the OEMs 
and the dealers, we have been able to grow this business continuously. 
And believe me, there is no onetime effect there. It's all day-to-day 
business and regular business, recurring business. 
 
So we're confident because the valve market is a huge market and our 
share is not big enough. There are many players. Normally in a valve 
market, it's a very scattered and lot of players. But, if we maintain our 
good sales network, our dealer network, and our product range, I think 
this helps us to grow and we are still targeting the same amount of 
growth year-on-year. And not only growth, it's a profitable growth. It's 
one of our best profitable divisions, giving profitability almost at 14% 
to 15% EBITDA in there. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Good to know. Thank you for your time. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
On the industrial side, if you could talk about which end users are the 
ones where you are seeing traction. We understand petrochemicals 
refining is your stronghold. If you could talk in bit in detail about that, 
that's one. Second, if you could talk about the exports opportunity that 
you are seeing given that we are seeing a lot of opportunities from the 
other industrial companies as well. 
 
The third question is if you could talk about the resi pumps, we saw 
the advertisement that what's the kind of market share that you have 
and kind of growth one should expect on that side? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
In which one? 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
The residential pumps. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Residential, I'll start off with the third question. And the intention of 
showing you this ad was, KSB is a well-known brand in industry, and 
also in power plants and all other segments. But in the Residential 
segments, the Domestic segments, we are not one of the leaders, and 
this segment offers us a good scope for improving the business. But 
this segment requires a different kind of approach and more branding 
and reaching the households. It is a different segment, and that's why 
we have intentionally shown that we are now going in for TV ads, 
making ourselves visible in this segment. And this segment gives us 
maybe around ₹250 crores, ₹300 crores, but the potential is huge to 
double it or triple it also. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
 
So this is segment, which we are focusing on as a standard business 
where we brand the products KSB and come out with a 
comprehensive product range. The product range is so comprehensive 
that it has to be customised, localised to the region's requirement, and 
that is what we are coming out continuously. And this scope is one of 
our focused target segments for growth. And it's not only products, we 
do brand labelling, cables, panels, motors. So it's a complete basket of 
products which we are doing. 
 
So and that will continuously receive our attention and focus. Not only 
this advertisement, we just finished our Dealers Conference in Goa 
where we invited our top 150 dealers. So KSB is focusing a lot on this 
segment, which has been for decades our strength. 50%, 55% of our 
business comes through this standard business segment, which is 
mainly through dealers and OEMs. So we are now also, as I 
mentioned earlier, we are now also putting a focus on promotions 
specifically in the consumer segment. 
 
Coming to the industry segment, yes, KSB traditionally has been very 
strong in the industry segment. There are two types. One is the 
refinery petrochemical, which is the API products and the normal 
ones, which is the non-API. So the API, this is very project driven. If 
there are projects announced, for example, HRRL project, the 
Mongolia project. So we have done quite fairly well with EPCs there, 
for example, mega engineering, so doing and also Haldia 
Petrochemicals. So such projects, whenever they come, we are pretty 
good with that. And I think more and more projects are expected in 
this year compared to last year. I feel the CapEx and the 
announcement and the movement of these projects will be much better 
in this year. 
 
Exports also, with our continuous development of not only the 
products, also the foundry qualification for NORSOK and other 
requirements. We are upgrading our foundry. So that is making us 
much more qualified for many customers. And within the group also, 
the focus is to have these products out of India as well as China. So 
this gives us an opportunity. The Middle East market is one market for 
growth on this petrochemical segment. 
 
On the export side, the U.S. is having a big boom in the energy 
segment demand, where we are bidding for a lot of boiler feed pumps 
through our subsidiary and company in USA. And coming to the 
normal general industry, that's our normal segments are the pulp and 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
paper, steel, sugar, distillery. And I think for a brief period, the 
distillery had slowed down, but I see that it is picking up again. And 
with our range in the pulp and paper as well as increasing our range in 
the steel market, so we see a better outlook this year compared to the 
previous year. So this business, we normally do through our dealers. 
And our strength has been that we are continuously adding products to 
the portfolio. The network is already there. 
 
So as and when we add products, we of course, get a better accessible 
market, and hence it helps to grow our business in this segment. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
One more question on the margins. Many of your peers are kind of 
talking about supply chain getting tighter import, because of the 
currency related cost inflation. How do you see the supply chain and 
the cost? If you could also, along with that talk about people cost, 
that's something that we are observing is rising in most of the 
industrial companies. And consequently, how does that impact the 
profitability margin trends? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
On the commodity side, I think it is quite stable. If you see, we are not 
very import dependent, very, very less dependency on import. Most of 
our supply chain is local, and we seek quite a good stability there for 
some months. And, hence, I would say that the supply chain costs, 
material costs are quite well in control. I don't see a concern there, 
since also we have very less dependency on imports. We only imports 
very, very few, some components for pumps, for sheet metal, and 
some FGD linings. Other than that, all are sourced locally. And, the 
supply chain in India is developing with over time as a lot of 
companies are coming to India, moving away from China. Same is 
with our group, who is also developing supply chain base here. 
 
You know that our foundry also for cast iron, we have closed it step 
by step. We have come out of the cast iron business and almost 1,100 
patents and the 3,000 metric tons of business. We have given it to 
other foundries here, and we did not have any issues. So I see the 
supply chain quite stable and nothing of a concern. People's cost, yes, 
I would say. This is an area where the growth and the special skill sets 
and that's a challenge which we are facing and we continue to face 
there. The demand is quite good in terms of the growth, which we are 
doing. 
 
In fact, if you see, in the last three years, we have almost recruited 
more than 350 people apart from replacements. I'm not talking of 
people who are hired because of replacements. 350 positions is 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
additionally created, because of our growth. And that is just KSB as a 
company. So you can imagine, means how the industry must be facing 
this challenge, because it's not only about engineers or qualified 
people coming in. It's about the skill set and the experience and the 
readiness to do those jobs. 
 
So that I think, but it's a work in ongoing. We are taking measures, 
developing, participating with also skill set companies and working 
closely with them to get a good input or pool of people to which we 
can hire. And this, and if you ask me today, still we have 150 positions 
which are open in the company. So that is an indication of how 
difficult it is. And one of the common topics in our company is 
recruitment and hiring, and I always get a feedback from our 
functions, it is taking too long. But, that is the situation today. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you so much. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I have two questions. First is on the solar pump side. If you could 
please clarify the scope of work over there. Are you just supplying 
pumps, or does it include the modules and the EPC component of it as 
well? And the second is on your focus in the residential segment. Can 
you maybe flesh out your go-to-market strategy a bit more? What are 
the geographies you're targeting within the country? Where does the 
dealer penetration stand and what are the strategies are you pursuing 
to grow that business? Because I think you highlighted it as one of 
your most important growth engines for the company. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So, the first question was solar. Solar, no, we are not supplying the 
pumps only. We are participating as an integrator. So that means we 
supply the complete pump and the accessories including the PV 
panels. And after completing a supply of almost thousand units sets, 
we have also qualified to participate in tenders independently. The 
initial approach was through a consortium partner. But after 
developing a reference of thousand, now we participate directly as an 
independent participant, which where we supply 100%, and we have 
qualified for that. 
 
So and our future strategy is also to participate as an integrator. But 
that doesn't mean that we don't participate with integrators. So 
somewhere, wherever the integrators require only pump sets, we also 
supply to them. So it's both, but we are focusing more on the 
integrator side, because pump sets only make 15% to 20% of the 
whole value. So the potential today is much higher in those integrated 
sets. And subsequently, over a period of time, I think those pumps will 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 14 of 23 
when the install base we build up, that volume will increase, and that 
may become a potential. That is one. 
On the domestic front, I already mentioned, I think it's basic, the piece 
the four piece. Promotion is one thing, which we were always thinking 
what was the right way. But now, TV media and all is so much 
required for this domestic business and in the B tier cities also. So that 
is one which we have make it as a part of our strategy. Network is 
very important. So we realised that in the earlier things this was an 
add on business. Used to have a agree or something business, and 
domestic was a add on business. So we are going away from that, and 
we want dedicated and focused dealers who are more in this segment. 
And when you look for such dealers, they are more of distributors, 
because they should have a very good secondary retail partners, and 
they should carry good stocks. So we are looking for, when you say 
also place, we are looking for dealers who are distributors and also 
ensuring that our 22 warehouses across the country have enough 
availability to cater to this market. 
So it's nothing very special strategy. I think whatever normal 
marketing gurus teach us, that same thing which we are following. But 
the difference is that we are more focused there. We are looking it as a 
separate segment, separate from our other engineered or technical 
segments. This is very consumer, which is depending on speed, 
availability, and of course, competitive price is always there. But more 
importantly, it is the branding. The brand sells, and that is where we 
are trying to position ourself much more. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah. I have two questions. So just extending the first one that the 
previous participant asked about PM-Kusum on the solar side. So you 
mentioned that you're working as an integrator, but are you also doing 
the EPC work like some of your peers are doing right now? And if 
not, then are we planning to enter that category? 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. Not yet. We are not entered into that EPC thing. But maybe in 
future, once this market gets saturated and exhausted, I would say that 
is some area we could look at. But today, we are not looking at the 
EPC route today. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. Got it. And on the cells and module side, some of the peers are 
also planning to manufacture themselves. Is that in our plans as of 
now? 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 15 of 23 
Rajeev Jain: 
No. Not yet. We are not looking it. We are still not a very big players. 
We are as I said, last year we did ₹180 crores in that segment. So 
unless somewhere it becomes a four digit big figure, then it would 
make sense. You would have that critical volume to kind of look into 
backward integration and assembling those things. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. And coming on to this additional point of PM-Kusum, if you 
can just throw light on what the competition is like and what are the 
margins there like, we are also seeing that the subsidy which is 
coming is divided with both states and the centre. So how many states 
are we working in right now, and what could be that number and what 
are the major issues we are facing, while penetrating these different 
state and working with the state governments? 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think we had it in our presentation. First of all, the potential is good, 
PM-Kusum, at least till the next three years, till '27. As I recollect or 
as I am informed, out of 2 million, 1.2 are installed. So there is still 
800,000 pump sets yet to be ordered and installed. So a huge potential 
is there for the next three years. The states where we are participating, 
is Maharashtra, Rajasthan, UP, Haryana. These are the segments 
where we are participating. 
Recently, we got qualified in Madhya Pradesh, Tripura, and other 
Northeastern states as well. So that is a good sign. And so as I said, 
the potential is good. The challenge, I would only say one is working 
capital. That is the biggest challenge is being faced, because the 
process is, it's not only supply, it's installation, it's working, then 
certification in uploading onto the portal, and then your clock starts 
for getting the payment. So that is a bit much longer cycle. And but 
the suppliers of the PV panels and others, we have to make the 
payment within seven days of what we buy. So we are financing this 
business, and fortunately, KSB has a very good financial standing and 
strength that we are able to sustain this long working capital cycle. So 
that would be the major challenge. 
I don't see yet a challenge in the supply chain as yet. I don't see that 
because maybe our share of business is not very big, and we can 
manage this. But as the business grows, but I'm sure the supply chain 
also will is investing and also building up capacities. So as the time 
goes on, I think these issues will be addressed. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah. Just additionally on that PM-Kusum competitive intensity and 
margins, is it significantly different than our other business? 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 16 of 23 
Rajeev Jain: 
No. Margins, we are quite, this business has given us good margins. I 
would say not on the same level as product, but not very far away 
also. It may be 1% or 2% here and there from the product business. 
And that was our concern when we started this business, and that's 
why we went in very, very cautiously in this business. But maybe a bit 
to a surprise, the business has been quite profitable and not affected 
our margins to a great extent very slightly, but that has been 
compensated by the volume, which we have been able to target. 
And also, the challenge, of course, is the five year maintenance. But 
with our network, which we have, we don't see that as an issue 
because we do that business for years and years with our service 
network and our partner network. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. And just last question. If we see KSB two, three years down the 
line, what would be our major two or three growth drivers for us in the 
medium term? 
Rajeev Jain: 
Good drivers would be standard business. When I say standard 
business, its business through the dealer network where we keep on 
adding products and going to newer markets, whether it is food and 
beverage, whether it is non-metallic, whether it is green hydrogen, 
whether it is railways. So every new segment through our dealer 
network, firefighting, which is a huge market where our share is low. 
So all these markets which we deal through our dealer network is an 
area of growth and considerable growth, because the network is there, 
they only have to be given those products so that they can get more 
accessible market. So I see that as the biggest pillar of growth, the 
standard business with the product range and the new segments, new 
technologies, which we are going into. 
The second is the Aftermarket SupremeServ. In this SupremeServ, we 
have the mechanical seal business as an add on compared to the past. 
And you saw that we are already done 22 crores, which is very small, 
but almost we have sold more than 10,000 seals. So we are having a 
good exponential growth there in SupremeServ. 
Second is BP&CL business, the one which we acquired. Last year, we 
did a turnover of ₹16 crores at a very healthy margin. And this year, 
we are targeting double it. So this business and all these examples, 
which I'm giving is add on business. You know that we have supplied 
400 FGD pumps in the market. Those pumps have not yet been 
commissioned due to the slow implementation. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 17 of 23 
But in one or two years, those pumps will also get commissioned, and 
that will be a very running counter for spare parts because due to the 
nature of that application. So I feel this the SupremeServ business also 
should grow much faster than our overall company growth, I would 
and that is what we are targeting, which is not only in terms of growth 
but on a very profitable growth and makes our overall company 
profitability quite decent. 
Next is valves. You have seen that healthy growth also in valves. So 
that is another segment which we are investing and banking on, and 
taking it to a good level. And of course, growth would be nuclear and 
solar. Enough is mentioned on that. But I'm focusing more on the 
recurring daily business. To me, that is more important than 
opportunities which come for three, four years and then it vanishes. 
So I'm focusing more on that, but nuclear will be there for another 
decade, two decades. It will be continuous with all those, new Bharat 
reactors, which are planning to come where KSB has a very 100% 
market share. So this is a very good where the private sectors are 
entering. So that I see as a big potential in the coming years, but that is 
not three years. It's going to happen in the next five, 10 years also. 
And solar, I mentioned already, the Kusum Yojana is at least there till 
'27. Then we'll have the Component C, Component A, a part of the 
business which will be growing. So that is an outlook for the next few 
years. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you very much. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Couple of questions. Last time, you had mentioned on water and 
wastewater as being one of the growth areas. But this time, you have 
not mentioned that at all. So just curious as to what are you seeing in 
that particular segment? 
Rajeev Jain: 
Where is the question coming from? Yes. Water and wastewater is 
definitely especially wastewater is definitely our growth segment. I 
may have missed out to mention, but our business is consistently 
growing in that segment. And we are targeting more than ₹100 crores 
of business, especially in our submersible sewage pumps this year, if 
not more. So we are localising the products. We are adding products. 
If you must have seen some posts on LinkedIn and other social media, 
we have come out with the vertical turbine pumps. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
So that is an addition to that segment where we have not been present 
for so many years. So plus the big size split case pumps. So step-by-
step, we are entering into the project business of water, but only with 
the products. So that segment, I think will also deliver. We have a bit 
of a conservative target. I mentioned only ₹100 crores, ₹110 crores, 
but I feel the potential is much higher. It takes time till we start 
making entries into customers. 
 
They knowing our products, they get the confidence. But if I look at 
the next three to five years horizon, this segment will also grow much 
faster than the other segments, but definitely a segment which we are 
focusing on. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Got it. And in terms of the order book, when we look at it ex of 
nuclear, while you mentioned that the outlook is very good, this order 
book has sort of come down on a year-on-year basis. So just wanted to 
understand whether we should read something into that or, how does it 
fit into the outlook which is better for next year as compared to the 
previous year? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. I think, you're right. The order on hand for the non-nuclear has 
come down primarily due to a bit of slowdown last year and a good 
sales, what we have done in last year, as you see. But from the first 
two months, I can say the trend is different, and we are having a good 
incoming orders in the first two months, which we feel is a good sign 
for the economy and our business and should also continue in the 
coming months. 
 
So I would only mention that a bit of slowdown in last year is behind 
us. And hopefully with all the strategic measures which we are doing, 
we should have a good healthy order intake. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Got it. And lastly, the DSO increase, is it largely related to the solar 
Kusum business? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Yeah, yeah. As I mentioned, this is mainly due to solar because in the 
initial year or so, maybe, three to four days around. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Got it. But if it is just related to that particular branch of the business, 
then are you sort of capping it at some level that this much receivables 
we are allowing it to go, but beyond that, we would? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Now, as Mr. Jain discussed, we are at very small kind of a portion. So 
that is not, right now affecting much. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Got it. Thanks. That's all from my side. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question would be on the solar. 
You mentioned that it was ₹180 crores in revenue about for CY '24. 
What can we expect for CY '25 and '26? That's the first one. And 
second is that are we expecting any tenders from MNRE this year? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. The tenders from MNRE, the state tenders keep on coming. So 
there is as I mentioned, still a scope for 800,000 pumps to be installed. 
So I'm sure different states are coming out with different schemes. So 
the potential is there. And ₹180 crores was last year, and we are 
looking at a very healthy growth year. I can't estimate the figures, but 
it is going to be good with good numbers, which we are targeting 
internally. 
 
And when I say good, it is more than our normal growth. This is the 
segment which we are focusing. And we see the potential and the 
inquiries and the tenders coming. So the business is it's not something 
which is a bit of a doubt. I guess, in solar, it is more about 
implementation. It's only about implementation and finding the right 
partners to implement it, complete it, make it work, complete the 
documentation, and get the payment. So business is there. It is only 
how fast we can implement it. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Also, in the valves section, someone already asked, but I just wanted 
to hop again on the EBIT margins. So the margins are growing for the 
last couple of years. Will we see margin growth further in this or is 
this sort of like the peak expectable margin for the next couple of 
years? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. I think this is a very good margin, EBITDA of 14, 15. I would 
say 13 to 15 is the range which we will be there. We are not expecting 
it to increase, but we are definitely expecting the growth to be 
maintained in the same way because it's not only domestic, but we are 
growing also in exports there, more and more tenders. Last year, we 
had a big order from Poland, and we are getting, we will get overseas 
orders. Finland is one. So there are good orders coming in. So I see a 
big scope for growth, but the margins I think, we are already at a good 
level. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 20 of 23 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Rajeev Jain: 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Rajeev Jain: 
Just one question on the corporate overheads, like the employee cost is 
12% odd rate of the revenue on a full year basis and 4Q and even on a 
whole year basis, it did around 16% year-on-year growth, when your 
top line was lower than that in terms of growth. So is it something to 
do with nuclear also where you're not capitalising it or inventorising 
those on the overheads? So when the execution or the delivery of 
pumps happen, actually the margin see a bump. 
We are certainly inventorising related to what is allowable as per the 
accounting norms that is on production side. But the sales side, of 
course remain in the expense part. Secondly, as we discussed, we are 
into many strategic businesses or projects. So that headcount remains 
initially, and the realisation will take few years to happen. So that 
keeps a kind of a burden on headcount actually or personnel cost. 
So just last one year, what was the addition? Over three years so 
mentioned, but last one year, how much was the addition in 
employee? 
Average 125 people every year. And as Mahesh mentioned, it is more 
for readiness for the future also. 
Thanks. 
Hi. So, can you just elaborate a bit more on what you said that in 
the last two months, the order inflows have started picking up. 
Exactly, especially the non-nuclear part that you spoke about, any 
colour you can add in over which sectors, how is it happening? And 
do you sense that, this has got a potential to continue for a few 
months? Because this is where the entire, if you look at capital good 
industry, there's a lot of question marks that have been raised off late. 
So anything you can add. 
Yeah, for us what is different is, is the product range which we are 
adding continuously. And the measures which we are taking helps us 
to get into much more markets. It it's not about playing in the same 
markets. And that's why I said the order intake improves because our 
accessible market increases. And also as I said, we are seeing a good 
investments also coming or signs of coming up in some segments. 
And basically, it's a combination of two things, the addition of product 
range and also some segments which are growing up especially 
Wastewater is one segment which is coming up. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
Page 21 of 23 
Domestic, I already mentioned, our share is low, and we are growing, 
or we intend to grow. And then about building services, which was a 
bit low last year. But again, it has picked up because we are 
participating more and more in firefighting pump sets, which is a 
segment. 
So, again, to just answer to your question, the order intake gets better, 
because of the continuous measures and the product introductions in 
the new segments which we enter. So we get a better coverage of the 
market, and that helps us apart from the fact that there is definitely a 
better optimism compared to last year. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I have two parts to my question. And congratulations, you have very 
good numbers. And it sounds like a very strong business in India. My 
question is what keeps you awake at night? What are your concerns 
going forward? That's one part. Second is your parent company. What 
kind of help you get from your parent? And other than dividends, do 
you make any other payments to them? 
Rajeev Jain: 
What keeps me awake in the night? I get very sound sleep in the night. 
I sleep very soundly. Even my wife complains that if she gets up, I 
don't, I don't have a concern for her. So I sleep very soundly because I 
think we have a great team. We have a great business, and all is 
running well so far. Thank God. But, to answer seriously, nothing is a 
major concern as I see today. I see the market developing well. 
There is a good export potential and we are developing, we are 
showing our readiness very well and preparing ourselves for the 
future. So if you ask me, no major burning topics, which I would be 
concerned. It's only I would say if I would have a wish, I would say 
the implementation of nuclear projects, if it could be faster. That 
would be my wish, which is then I wouldn't have to answer this 
question every Investor Meet. That is something which I would wish 
for. But otherwise, in general, no major burning topics. 
The second question was on a parent company. Great support. I feel 
this is KSB strength. It's a one-stop-shop for all the products. If boiler 
feed application comes, KSB is the first one. If, FGD application 
comes, it is the first one. If nuclear applications, the biggest reactor 
coolant pumps, KSB is there. So this comfort what we have with our 
parent company that they have the products for all applications and 
their willingness to localise it is the greatest strength which we have. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
And with that strength and that product basket, which we have the 
comprehensive, I think no other pump supplier in India has as a 
comprehensive product basket as we have and which is being 
localised. In fact, I mentioned to you mechanical seal business, navy 
marine business, we are going ahead. You must have heard about 
Mazagon Docks and winning or being successful with the 
ThyssenKrupp for the future submarine building in India. 
 
Those pumps are coming from Germany. Those will be in future 
localised. So anything which comes as a new avenue, the potential and 
everything is there in KSB. So great support, and I feel that is a very 
strong foundation. What are the payments to them? We pay royalties, 
of course to them, which is very natural. And we also pay them the 
service charges, IT charges, like whatever is done on a group level. 
 
If they have SAP platform, if there's which is going to change to 
S/4HANA. So we are a part of the team and group team, and 
accordingly the costs are allocated. And yes, whatever special 
technical support we need, those are kind of provided, IT charges 
because we are all bound together with the common IT systems and 
infrastructure. So whatever is our share, we share that in a very 
transparent and a reasonable way. 
 
Unidentified Participant: 
That's the last question for the day. And we'd like to thank the 
management for giving us the time to host at the Analyst Meet. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. I hope we have answered all the questions. I think, but 
yeah. Since we are short of time and there's one more? Okay. Last one 
now. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
On the industrial, you mentioned that, last year the order inflow was 
weak due to probably lesser inflows from large projects. So like, 
probably, that piece of the business would have two parts, like to have 
project driven large pumps and then you would have relatively smaller 
medium pumps for regular supplies to industry where probably maybe 
customisation. But so if you can just provide like, what was the reason 
for a bit of slowdown over there, and how do you see it going 
forward? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. As I said, less projects announced but recently, this as I said, 
HRRL, Mongolia, Haldia Petrochemicals. So lot of projects are being 
announced. Investments are being announced. So much better now, 
with from the second half onwards and continuing now. So I see plus 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
exports. Exports also, especially from Middle East, projects coming 
in. So I see much better, at least the traction of projects. 
 
And on the non-project side, the ones which we sell through dealers, I 
think a bit of a revival in the distillery side investments and steel 
sector and cements and all those things, the investment, the CapEx is 
there. And, yeah, we do this business through our dealers as well as 
OEM. So from my viewpoint, I see a better situation with our 
enhanced product basket. We see a better situation for ourselves in 
this. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Participant: 
Yeah, that's the last question for the day. And, thank you for 
attending the session. Any closing remarks before we close it? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Nothing much. Thank you for your very, always deep dive questions. 
It is good to your perspective as well. And thank you, keeping us alert 
and awake with your questions. Thank you very much. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Thank you. 
