 
 
PGIL/SE/2024-25/99 
 
Date: February 18, 2025 
 
THE GENERAL MANAGER, 
DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATE SERVICES - 
CRD 
BSE LIMITED 
1ST FLOOR, NEW TRADING RING  
ROTUNDA BUILDING, P. J. TOWERS  
DALAL STREET, FORT, 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
THE GENERAL MANAGER, 
LISTING DEPARTMENT 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LTD. 
“EXCHANGE PLAZA”, PLOT NO. C- 1, 
G- BLOCK, BANDRA - KURLA COMPLEX,  
BANDRA ( E ),  
MUMBAI - 400 051 
 
Reg: Scrip Code: BSE-532808;  
                        NSE – PGIL 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In continuation of our letter no. PGIL/SE/2024-25/95 dated February 12, 2025, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the Conference Call held with Investors / Analyst on February 12, 2025, to 
discuss the Company’s financial results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Shilpa Saraf) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Mem. No. ACS-23564 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SHILPA 
SARAF
Digitally signed by 
SHILPA SARAF 
Date: 2025.02.18 
17:05:03 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Pearl Global Industries Limited Q3 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 12th February 2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PALLAB BANERJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
PEARL GLOBAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY GANDHI – GROUP CFO, PEARL GLOBAL 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9-months FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Pearl Global Industries Limited. 
This conference may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based 
on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements 
are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pallab Banerjee - the Managing Director of Pearl Global 
Industries Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
I will start from the beginning. Good afternoon. I welcome you to our Q3 and the 9-month 
Financial Year ‘25 Earnings Conference Call. 
Along with me, we have our Group CFO – Mr. Sanjay Gandhi and the Strategic Growth 
Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. I hope all of you have had a chance to go through the 
results and investor presentation uploaded on the exchange and our company website. 
I am pleased to report that the growth momentum we built in the first half of the fiscal year 
further carried forward in Quarter 3, helping us to achieve the highest consolidated Quarter 3 
and the 9-months revenue, adjusted EBITDA and profitability. 
During this 9-month of Financial Year ‘25, we experienced a 28.1% increase in our consolidated 
revenue driven by healthy growth in sales volume across all our geographies. We also achieved 
a 25.5% increase in the adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated basis for 9-months of Financial 
Year’25. This success showcases the strength of our leadership and the operational efficiency, 
reinforcing our position as a prominent global manufacturer. Our consistent growth is attributed 
to our ability to leverage key strengths such as multi-country footprint, diverse product lines, in-
market design proficiency and strong customer relationships. Our performance for the quarter 
has been largely fueled by strong volume growth from the existing customers and growing the 
wallet shares with the clients acquired over the last 5 years. 
Now, let me present an overview of the industry landscape and our business outlook: 
The textile and apparel market are showing signs of recovery after the challenges faced in the 
2023 and part of 2024. The key factors driving this rebound include improving consumer 
sentiment, steady rise in the demand for casual and athleisurewear and using up of supply chain 
disruption. Although the recovery is still cautious, it points to a promising outlook for the 
industry. The US apparel stores showed notable resilience in 2024 with estimated sales hitting 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
$29.5 billion basis of 2024 December numbers, which is 6% higher on a year-on-year basis. We 
expect consumer spending to remain robust and steady throughout this year ahead. Over the past 
few years, the US market has experienced an annual growth rate of 2%-5% and this trend is 
likely to persist in the next few years. 
As of November 2024, the year-to-date apparel imports into the US has risen by a percentage 
point compared to the previous year that stood at $73.9 billion. This growth is largely fueled by 
an optimistic outlook of the inventory levels and the overall demand trends. Recent updates from 
retailers highlight reduced inventory levels indicating consistent and stable demand in the 
market. The year-to-date apparel imports into the European Union has also risen by a percentage 
point as of November 2024, while UK and Japan have experienced declines. We have started 
seeing an improvement in these markets and we anticipate further improvements here. We are 
servicing brands and retailers from UK and Japan who have strong international presence and 
have been growing. Our shares of business from these two countries are increasing steadily and 
strategically. 
For European Union, as I stated in earlier calls that Bangladesh presented us a significant jump 
in our presence through the Inditex group of brands. As we expand, our market presence across 
these regions, our order book share from US based customers versus non-US based customers 
is trending towards 65-35. You may recall this was 85-15 three years back. Among the non-US 
customers, the largest segments are from EU European Union, followed by Japan, Australia and 
UK, and then finally Canada. However, since many of these customers have global store 
networks, our ship to country data may vary. 
Now, coming to our manufacturing centers: 
Starting with Guatemala, we continue to attract increasing interest and inquiries from our 
customers as the transit time to US is just over a week. However, the overall capacity of Central 
America and even for us in Guatemala remains limited and is only a fraction of what we do out 
of Asia. During the quarter which has gone by, we did see some impact in the regions 
performance as we have incurred additional cost in operations at Gautemala facility as we have 
increased our production lines up to 12 lines now, which is operational, which further demands 
additional manpower, employing business heads, training cost, etc. Looking ahead, we expect a 
significant improvement in this Gautemala facility by next year with a cash breakeven point 
anticipated. The two key factors driving this positive outlook are one, appointing of an 
experienced professional to head this operation. Earlier, our minority partner was duplicating 
this role. And the second point is onboarding of a marquee customer whose production has 
started already is a year round by that this customer is doing with us and we have seen significant 
greater initial results. 
Now, moving on to the next country, Bangladesh: 
In the initial part of last quarter, Bangladesh underwent a period of unrest followed by a change 
in government and had faced a curfew shutdown. Those of you tracking the apparel export 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
figures of Bangladesh may have noticed that it is forecasted to be anywhere between flat to last 
year or -7%. Despite the political unrest that ensued in 2024 till the month of August, we 
continue to witness the highest shipment volumes during this period from our factories and with 
zero delays in our deliveries. We are happy to share that their growth momentum continued in 
Quarter 3 as well. We have reported a robust performance from our Bangladesh operations and 
our order book continues to be very strong. We are confident of improved performance from 
this region in the coming quarters as well. 
Currently, all our facilities are running at optimum utilization, and we are seeing a greater 
willingness amongst our partner’s factories for even greater collaboration with us. Our European 
Union and UK customers are keen to strategically guide and support us in this growth journey. 
This country of Bangladesh still has advantages of lower cost, higher efficiency, productivity, 
availability of skilled workforce and a well experienced middle and lower-level management 
staff along with the favorable trade agreements with important markets that of European Union, 
UK, Canada, Australia and China. It continues to improve its logistics infrastructure. This will 
continue to keep them ahead of competition from other geographies and continues to be an 
attractive destination for the international brands and retailers for apparel. We are actively 
evaluating value accretive capacity expansion opportunities to tap on this growth opportunity 
that we are facing in Bangladesh. 
Moving to our performance in Vietnam: 
We have seen strong growth from this country in this quarter as well. We are confident in 
maintaining this upward trajectory. We have entered into a new partnership factory, and we 
expect to see growth in Vietnam next year as well. We will continue to expand in this geography 
at a steady pace while providing exceptional service for our higher-end customers. 
Talking about Indonesia: 
Indonesia is on track to recover its performance levels following a decline over the past 2 years. 
Our new factory is now fully operational, receiving positive feedback from both existing and the 
new set of customers. We will steadily scale up production lines and output over the next couple 
of quarters. This recovery is expected to drive a 20% plus growth in both volume and value in 
the coming financial year. Supported by strong customer demand, additionally we remain 
committed to serving our higher-end customers from this region as well. 
Talking about India: 
We have reported a robust performance in India, which grew by 49.5% year-on-year in Quarter 
3 Financial Year ‘25 and 26.1% year-on-year in the 9-month of Financial Year ‘25. Our adjusted 
EBITDA margin stood at 3.7% in Quarter 3 Financial Year ‘25. On the margin front in India, 
we still have large scope to grow significantly. We augmented our capacities in our existing 
facilities in metros of Gurgaon, Bangalore and Chennai over the last 10-12 months and we are 
further in process of adding newer capacities in the Tier-2 cities of Muzaffarpur in Bihar as our 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
own factory and in Bhubaneswar as a partnership factory. Also, as highlighted in the last 
earnings call, the Madhya Pradesh facility will be launched once we assess the progress of these 
factories in the Tier-2 cities in the Eastern part of India, Muzaffarpur and Bhuvneshwar. So, 
from India, we already have and we foresee good order book for upcoming spring and summer 
seasons products. Historically, Q4 is generally the best quarter for Indian operations. We again 
foresee this year. Our goal is to first work towards achieving high single digit EBITDA in India 
and we are making significant efforts to march towards the same. 
In summary: 
All our initiatives are on track and progressing as planned. We continue to strengthen our 
relationship with key customers, particularly those expanding their presence in the global 
market. Our focus remains on consistently surpassing previous milestones in revenue, 
production capacity, and operational efficiencies, which will directly contribute to enhance our 
profitability. We are confident that we are on track to meet both our topline and bottomline 
forecasts for the year while staying aligned with the strategic objectives we have set for 2028 as 
shared with you in our earlier calls. 
Now, I will hand it over to Sanjay - our Group CFO, who will provide a detailed overview of 
the Quarter 3 and the 9-months financials of financial year 2025. Sanjay, over to you. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Thank you, Pallab. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our Quarter 3 and 9-months FY25 
Earnings Call. 
I will now walk you through our financial and operational performance for the Quarter and 9-
months ended 31st December 2024. 
Starting with our consolidated financial: 
We are pleased to report the highest ever Quarter 3- and 9-months performance in terms of 
consolidated revenue, adjusted EBITDA and profitability. In Quarter 3 FY25, our revenues 
reached INR 1,022.5 crores, making a substantial year-on-year increase of 45.3%. For 9-months, 
FY25 revenue grew by 28.1% year-on-year to INR 3,277.2 crores. The revenue growth was 
driven by strong sales performance in key market across geographies supported by robust order 
book and healthy growth in sales volume Adjusted EBITDA excluding other income for Quarter 
3 FY25 increased to INR 92.6 crores reflecting a growth of 35.1% year-on-year. The adjusted 
EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at. 9.1%. 
We are also pleased to share that we crossed the INR 250 crore mark for consolidated adjusted 
EBITDA in 9-month period. Adjusted EBITDA increased by 25.5% year-on-year to INR 291.8 
crore with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 8.9%. This growth in EBITDA is in line with our 
revenue performance. Please note that adjusted EBITDA excludes ESOP expense of INR 1.3 
crore in Quarter 3 FY25 and INR 5.4 crore in 9-months FY25. We have witnessed certain 
onetime costs, such as in Gautemala, we are increasing our production line and in India we are 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
scaling up our Bihar facility. Excluding this one-off, the growth would have been better than 
what is currently reported. 
Profit after tax for Quarter 3 FY25 grew to INR 48.2 crores reflecting a growth of 42.6% year-
on-year. For 9-months FY25, PAT increased by 38% year-on-year to INR 165.8 crores. Happy 
to share that adjusted PBT and PAT has almost touched the level of financial year 24 in the 9-
months period itself. If you look at PAT after minority interest, it increased by 57.4% year-on-
year to INR 56.3 crores in Quarter 3 FY25 and by 45.8% year-on-year to INR 180.1 crores in 9-
months FY25. The PAT after minority interest margin stood at 5.5% for both Quarter 3 and 9-
month FY25. Please note that 9-month FY25 included an exceptional gain of INR 1.4 crores, 
which is on account of gain of sale of non-core asset and one-time QIP expenses. We have 
reported a strong EPS at Rs. 12.52 in Quarter 3 FY25 compared to INR 8.25 in Quarter 3 FY24. 
For the 9 months FY25, we have reported EPS of INR 40.07 compared to INR 28.47 in 9-months 
FY24. 
Turning to our standalone financials for Quarter 3 FY25: 
Revenue increased to INR 235.5 crores, a robust 49.4% year-on-year increase. Revenue for 9-
months FY25 grew by 26.1% year-on-year to INR 798.7 crores. This increase in revenue reflects 
growth from wallet share expansion from existing customers. 
Adjusted EBITDA excluding other income for Quarter 3 FY25 improved to INR 8.6 crore 
compared to the loss of INR 0.8 crore in Quarter 3 FY24 with a margin of 3.7%. 
For 9-months, however, adjusted EBITDA declined by 9% to INR 26.1 crores with a margin of 
3.3%. PAT for Quarter 3 FY25 grew by 18.3% to INR 4.2 crores. For 9-months FY25, PAT 
increased substantially by 93.8% on year-on-year to INR 31.7 crores. Please note that 9-month 
FY25 included an exceptional gain of INR 2 crores. We have reported EPS at INR 0.93 in 
Quarter 3 FY25 compared to INR 0.82 in Quarter 3 FY24. For 9-months FY25, we have reported 
a strong EPS of INR 7.04 compared to INR 3.77 in 9-months FY24. 
Our product portfolio in India is heavily oriented towards summer and spring season with quarter 
4 expected to be the strongest quarter. India has considerable potential for growth with capacity 
utilization projects to rise. We are fully prepared for these expansion opportunities. In India, as 
we have highlighted in our earlier call as well, we are investing INR 35 crores approximately in 
total capital expenditure in Bihar with approximately INR 22 crores allocated to Phase-1 which 
will be capitalized by March-April. The facility currently operates 100 machines and an 
additional 300 plus machine will be operational by March-April. 
Our Bangladesh operations continue to demonstrate strong performance with all our factories 
running at optimum utilization. A strong order book in hand, we are confident of continued 
improved performance of the region in the foreseeable future. We are actively evaluating value 
accretive capacity expansion opportunities. We are receiving many queries from partnership in 
the region, and we are actively evaluating the opportunities. Once the diligence is completed, 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
we will be evaluating the final CAPEX requirement by end of quarter 4 of the coming quarter 1 
FY26. As communicated, we have already committed INR 21 crore for Indonesia acquisitions. 
This incremental investment is likely to yield ROCE of 20% plus from FY26 onward. 
In Vietnam, we have entered into long-term arrangement with existing partnership factory. This 
further fortifies our relationship with a partner factory for long periods. Please note that such 
arrangement has been done to secure good capacity for long term and it also opens up more 
collaboration opportunities. For 9-months FY25, our sales volume has reached 53.8 million 
pieces compared to 39.8 million pieces in the same period of FY24. Our average realization per 
piece continues to be around Rs. 600 per piece. Please note average realization is a function of 
product mix, customer mix. Looking ahead to the next quarter, we expect volume to rise, 
bringing us to a capacity utilization rate of almost 20% adjusted of the SAM. By the end of this 
year, we expect to reach around 90 million pieces of installed capacity. By FY26, we anticipate 
this figure will rise to 105-110 million pieces and by FY27, we expect to reach 125-130 million 
pieces. This growth trajectory positions us well to achieve our target of growing our topline to 
Rs. 6,000 crores by FY28 with double digit EBITDA growth being an attainable goal. 
We are happy to share that our long-term credit rating has been upgraded to ICRA A stable from 
ICRA A- stable, whereas our short-term credit rating has been upgraded to ICRA A1 from ICRA 
A2+. The rating upgrade was on the back of a couple of factors such as healthy performance in 
H1 FY25, comfortable return matrix, multinational presence and improved debt to operating 
profit ratios, etc. This result into lower borrowing costs and easy access to new credit lines. 
To summarize, we have delivered a robust performance in the 9-months FY25, combined with 
a strong endeavors, customer base as well. As our broad geographical presence, we are well 
positioned for continued growth in the year ahead. We can now open for question and answers. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. The first question comes from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal 
& Broacha Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, just wanted to 
understand what is the overall capacity utilization because you mentioned that 90 million is the 
installed capacity for the year, so are we peaking out at 90% capacity utilization because if we 
bake in for the fourth quarter, we are very close to 90% capacity utilization, just wanted to 
understand on that? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Thank you, Bhavya. So, first of all this capacity what we publish, we publish the existing 
capacity that we have as an organization on 31st of March every year. So, last year, when we 
calculated the capacity, that means all the factories that we had, what is the maximum potential 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
capacity that we could have run those factories that was coming out to be 83.9 million, almost 
84 million pieces and our utilization, this number of pieces that we had shipped and built to the 
customers was approximately about 56-57 million around that. So, this year we are seeing 
already like our order book is crossing, I think about 74 million odd numbers. So, definitely, you 
see, like that utilization will become better if we are talking about the existing capacity that we 
had at the beginning of this particular year. But as the year continues, we continue to invest, so 
wherever we see, there is an opportunity to add capacity or a new facility like the Bihar that is 
coming up, so whatever number that we will be publishing on this 31st of March 2025 will be a 
significantly higher number compared to last year because our goal is to cross that number that 
we have already given to you by 2028 and continue our journey to be a much bigger 
approximately, so that is what the journey that we are in. Sanjay, you want to add something on 
this? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes, Mr. Bhavya, you mentioned about 90 million pieces, as you said 90 million plus pieces 
around 31st March 25. Our capacity utilization will hover as I mentioned adjusted to stand 
around 78%-80%. So, there is a continuous addition of the capacity and then there is a utilization 
which is what we mentioned in our call. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Right. Got it. And sir, because on the lower base on a Y-on-Y basis, we have seen big volume 
growth of 66%, but next year onwards, once the inventory gets rationalized, when it comes to 
US markets also, so will we still maintain like a double-digit sort of volume growth here on also? 
I understand that we are building capacity, but from a demand perspective, if you can throw 
some light? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
See, how we are creating demand is increasing the wallet share of our existing customers that 
we have added earlier like till date, whatever customer that we have. Wherever we see that the 
customer is going strong, we are definitely trying to grab more and more wallet share of the 
customer. And at the same time, we are also finding out the new customers like who we think 
are the players for the future. As we become a growing company, we look forward to the growing 
customers like who are financially sound and have a good strong future what we see from our 
understanding in terms of how they are capturing the market or how they are performing. So, 
that exercise continues parallelly. So, definitely we are not into like typically commodity 
marketing, which depends on the market size, how it grows and how it shrinks. Ours is more 
strategic driven with targeting customers across the globe. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Got it. And just one last thing, if you can just help me tally the 15 million incremental capacity 
where exactly in terms of pieces are we going to add, piece wise if you can just help me 
understand in terms of million pieces? Maybe if you can just throw some light on Bihar, 
Indonesia and Vietnam, number of million pieces that we are going to add? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, we have even at the group level, the capacity which is anticipated is 105-110 by end of FY26 
and by FY27, 125-130 million pieces. So, as per the geographical mix is concerned, as I 
mentioned earlier, there are many opportunities which are under diligence. The main criteria is 
to really see how to maximize the return on capital employed. And if that is in Bangladesh or 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Vietnam or Indonesia or India will be accordingly evaluated and implemented. As soon as we 
keep committing CAPEX in across geography, we will keep updating as we mentioned at Bihar, 
we have done here, Indonesia, we are acquiring the stake, it will have an incremental impact not 
on the capacity, but the earnings growth will be there which will be accretive to the shareholder 
and to the PGIL. And so like that we will keep updating you on the capacity as it get added. It is 
a geographical split…. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
See, if I have to give you a little bit broader idea in terms of which geography will be bigger 
than the others, then yes, the maximum growth you will see is from Bangladesh, India or 
Bangladesh, India, these kind of countries followed by Vietnam and then Indonesia. So, that is 
the kind of preference that is there. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Great, sir and thank you and all the best. That is it from my end. I will be back in queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Arnav Sakhuja from Ambit. Please go 
ahead. 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Thanks for taking my question. So, I just wanted to know, so was there any impact of the rupee 
depreciation for our company? If so, how does this impact us? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, we have entire export from India. We are not importing any fabric in India. I mean it is a 
very miniscule level. So, the depreciation of currency it only benefits us in improving the topline 
and the bottomline. We have a hedging strategy, but we are taking a hedging forward cover in a 
very calibrated manner and we take some 20%-30% of the order book get hedged. The rest 
because of the depreciation in the currency is kept open which result in a higher realization for 
us and hence a higher exchange gain and everything. So, it is only a favorable impact as far as 
the rupee depreciation is concerned for us. 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Thank you. And I was also noticing that we had a year-on-year fall in the gross margin. So, what 
was the main reason for this? Was it for just a product mix or something along those lines? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, I guess you are referring to quarter number? 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Yes, Quarter 3. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, the gross margin is a mix of a product mix. If you see if the gross margin is coming down 
that is the only case, the manufacturing costs also come down. So, the resulting EBITDA remains 
almost at the same level, or it improves only. So, overall, when we look at a product, one is a 
gross margin, then the gross contribution, I would say, so the gross contribution has come down 
from 56.68%-50.50%. The gross margin, which is after the manufacturing gross has remained 
the same because the manufacturing cost has come down because the product mix has changed 
the number of minutes are required to produce a style has really come down, hence the lesser 
manufacturing cost. So, we got to see the gross margin level, not at the gross contribution level 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
when we look at a product mix and everything. But yes, it is a function of the product mix, the 
gross contribution which is reflected in the gross profit margin gets changed accordingly. 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Thanks for answering my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The next 
question comes from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the line of expansion that we are 
seeing from 90 million pieces to 130 million pieces. So, I wanted to know what is the total 
estimated CAPEX that we need to incur over the period of next 2-3 years to reach this 130 
million pieces. And does this 130 million number include the tie up that like we have done in 
Vietnam recently with factories So, I want to know how is it exclusively our capacity that you 
are going to put? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Thank you, this is a good question. So, what we did is 2024 February, we presented a plan that 
where we will be by 2028 financial year end. Of course, this is just a snapshot of one particular 
period. We continue, our aim is to grow further definitely, but just to give a horizon like 2028 
financial year end where we should be. So, on that basis what we saw that our capacity by that 
year end should be in that range of about 130 million pieces across the globe. So, that is the 
snapshot that we had prepared. And since then like anything that we are doing, like all the 
expansion, whether in the existing factories, also what we are doing is in terms of additional 
factories, both are part of that journey itself. And the Vietnam collaboration that we have done 
is part of that strategy itself. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Any number, maybe you might not be able to give the number till 130 million pieces, but any 
number for this quarter 4 plus FY26 on the CAPEX side? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, on the CAPEX, quarter 4, we mentioned that we have already committed one CAPEX of Rs. 
35 crores plus we are also, I am talking about a growth CAPEX right now. There are other 
CAPEX also which are being incurred like we are doing CAPEX for renewable energy, solar 
energy setup in India about close to a million dollar. That I am not mentioning as of now. In 
terms of the growth CAPEX Rs. 35 crores is what is committed here. And then, we have 
committed certain commitment amount with the partnership factory in Vietnam. There are 
CAPEX under evaluation in Bangladesh. I mentioned in my commentary that by end of this 
quarter or early next year, first quarter, April or May we should be able to crystallize the final 
amount of CAPEX, which will be committed for implementation. As I mentioned, if you look 
at the installation, the capacity, how it is increasing, it is expected that large part of CAPEX will 
be committed in FY26 which will take us to 125-130 million pieces capacity. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Just one question from my side. So, I wanted to understand what is our total FOREX gain that 
we made in Quarter 3 FY25 and wanted to know is it accounted as part of adjusting the finance 
cost because if I understand it right, in other income you have not reported the same, right? 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, FOREX gain can get reported in other income only. It is not included in EBITDA. That is 
point number one. As far as the FOREX hedging accounting, there is a principle which follow 
whereby there is a detailed accounting standard we are following it up, so the FOREX gain has 
two legs, one it goes into sales figure, the second, which is not directly relatable, cannot have a 
direct contract with the sales realization, it goes as a part of other income, so the scale which is 
coming in the part of other income only. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sir, what is the number, total number because there notes to Number 5 only highlight the 
dividend that you have received from your foreign subsidiary in other income, the other breakup 
was not given, so that is why? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes. So, there is a realized and unrealized which is there. I think we can take it offline to really 
make use explain you where the numbers are lying, then that can be added. But our annual report, 
with complete notes to account, has all the details, which is, how much is the gain coming and 
where it is lying in that way. We can explain your number a little later also as a complete our 
accounting on FOREX exchange gain and FOREX exchange transmission as well. It will take 
little time to explain all the entire accounting process and we can discuss that offline. You can 
reach out to us. We can surely explain that. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. Yes, that is all from my side. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The next 
question comes from the line of Saurabh Kumar from Scientific Investing. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Hello, sir. Congrats for the good set of numbers and I think a few years back we had a 4-year 
vision where we looked for good revenue growth rate and also the margin improvement, I think 
somewhere around 12% EBITDA margin. This year, the results are great, but we have not seen 
much improvement in the margin if we take that 12% number. So, are we still sticking to it and 
what would lead to cover this gap and how you plan to achieve it if you can? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, thank you, Mr. Saurabh for this question. Our plan to reach a double-digit EBITDA remains 
intact. We are very clearly heading in that direction where double digit EBITDA will be there. 
What we have stated is that between 10%-12% by FY28 and that is our target remain is there 
and we are heading in that direction. Coming to the current year margin, there are two functions, 
one we have to look at it. I will first answer on the percentage of EBITDA. As we have 
mentioned that current quarter EBITDA got impacted because of the ramp up of the operation 
in Guatemala and Bihar. If we add all those one-off cost, I think will be coming close to slightly 
higher than what was reported in the last year before which was 9.74%, we should be around 
9.8% kind of EBITDA. Now, the second part, which I would like to just mention is that when 
we are looking at the growth in revenue, I think return on capital employed also become very 
important parameter to decide on the growth. So, as the absolute amount of growth of EBITDA 
is growing, our return on capital employed also keep growing in that proportion. As we speak 
for the full year, though we have a target of having a 20% plus, but the full year we have been 
able to sustain at 25% plus return on capital employed. So, these two criteria will play an 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
important role while we are deciding on revenue growth. Definitely, the EBITDA as a 
percentage is also very important target for us to achieve a 10% plus excluding other income 
and foreign exchange gain. So, that is what we are working towards it. However, our decision 
making, when we look at revenue growth opportunities, the return on capital employed also 
plays an important role while we are looking for business expansion. So, both the metrics will 
play an important role in our decision making for the growth as well as profitability improvement 
going forward. In any case even if the EBITDA as an absolute amount is increasing, our EPS 
and our book value keep on increasing while we keep working on, so as and when the double-
digit EBITDA kicks in that will further improve our profitability. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Amazing, sir. Two more questions, one on Bangladesh side, like last quarter, we know that 
Bangladesh is integral part of our growth strategy, but you were little kind of you needed more 
time to come back on the long-term plans on Bangladesh and we continue to do well, the 
numbers are really good. So, is it like all the issues which were there in Bangladesh, they are 
over and we can expect things to be smooth from here? That is one and second on the US side. 
So, the last cycle inventory issues which happened, COVID was a onetime phenomenon, maybe 
people were doing a lot of shopping and companies were building inventory. So, is this a typical 
cycle in US market or like how the US inventory cycles behave if you can give some idea of that 
from your last 10-20 years of industry experience? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Thank you. I will take that. First of all, the Bangladesh growth strategy, Bangladesh, definitely 
we are a strong believer in Bangladesh as we have been speaking in all our calls and our 
performance in Bangladesh over the last 3 quarters has been really good and we also look 
forward to continuously growing this market. Yes, when we spoke about, let us say, 6 months 
back and we were really looking into the opportunity of growth. That is the time Bangladesh 
was undergoing some significant changes. So, there were lot of good factories or other assets, I 
would not say a business, but more of an asset was available and we were almost finalizing. 
Then what this turmoil taught us is that the links because in this kind of country, like, where the 
money came from and lot of financial irregularities that surfaced after this change of regime, so 
that made us much more cautious about going for a ready asset. So, our banking is done through 
most of the international partners. We have a local partner as well and we go very conservative 
on the local in Bangladesh. And that is one of our pillar of success in Bangladesh and despite all 
this turmoil and all we have been performing very well and very secured both from customer 
point of view and from the workforce point of view as well as financial point of view. So, that 
is something we will continue to maintain. We have now changed that strategy of acquiring 
ready factory rather than going in that direction that we are going in the other direction, so that 
we have to make and so it slows down a bit, but I think we are solidly on target on that. That is 
why Sanjay is saying that within the next 3-4 months, you will hear from us about our investment 
plans in Bangladesh and some of these facilities that will be adding up. Then, whether it is 
smooth, yes, we feel that the country is doing quite well, in fact in my just now the speech what 
I talked about that this particular year, it is some people are guessing it is -7%, some people are 
talking about flat, but BGME their authorized website is talking about already the growth 
happening from $35-$38 billion. So, they are showing growth. We don't know like this is all we 
verified, the numbers will get verified over the next weeks and months. So, we should be 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
knowing that. What I am trying to say is that this also proves that Bangladesh has lot of thing 
left in it and it will continue to grow. It is still an important destination for all the international 
retailers. Working is becoming more and more smooth. There were few big players who went 
under and because a lot of financial irregularities were found by the new regime and that affected 
some of the working in certain spots of Bangladesh like Ashulia and all. Fortunately for us, none 
of our factories were in those areas and where we have been working like there have been no 
disturbance and working has been very smooth and very strong. So, that is what is about 
Bangladesh. The second part of your question was the US inventory. I have been working in US 
for more than 30 years now and this is the first time post pandemic what we saw what happened. 
So, normally what happened with US retailers, there is a heavy markdown that market believes 
in heavy markdown and clearance of inventory. They never used to store the inventory. Now, 
this particular year of 2021-22 was a big exception. At that point of time, the logistics time was 
very high. The goods shipped even from China, which normally takes only about 18-19 days or 
20 days, was taking as high as 75-100 days and so is from other countries like India, Indonesia, 
Vietnam, all these places, Bangladesh. So, because of such a high lead time, the goods were not 
in the store and the stores were doing extremely well because consumers were spending money. 
So, naturally, the merchants thought that they could buy more and they bought really 
aggressively at that point of time. And by the time these goods were reaching US, the war had 
started in Ukraine and it affected the petroleum prices and the whole world was experiencing 
inflation. So, that really killed the sentiment of the consumers and that is how by the time the 
goods were reaching, there were no sales that was happening in the stores. So, that resulted in 
lot of inventory which they didn't go for a clearance. They stored those inventory for 1 full year 
or 1-1/2 years at US and various locations and also the goods which were yet to ship from the 
factories and the vendors they were hold at the vendors. So, that is how this whole inventory 
situation got created in the first place in that year, and which got I think now fortunately cleared, 
and I don't see this is such a exceptional, I would say event that I saw in 30 years. I don't think 
it will be happening so soon again. Does it answer both of your questions? 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Yes. Thanks for such a detailed and candid reply, sir and wish you all the best. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The next 
question comes from the line of Kunal Bhatia from Dalal & Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, I just had 
one question in regards to the previous participant, what was the volume growth in case of 
Bangladesh at this time? And how much of it would you consider it as a one-off because of the 
unrest and what is a more sustainable volume growth in case of Bangladesh, we could do? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So, Bangladesh as a country, I was saying that the numbers are getting published from January 
to December. You see, like Bangladesh, we all knew where in the $45 billion mark till year 
before last and then, interestingly, what happened was in Bangladesh, the bank said where is this 
$45 billion? We didn't receive the money. If the country has exported that much of goods then 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
that much of money would have come in. So, that is how like all these things started happening 
in Bangladesh and now that number got revised that means the incoming of the money was set 
that $35 billion in 2023, officially by Bangladeshi authorities. So, this year, if you go to their 
website, if you go to the bgme.com, you will see that number, they are publishing is 38 billion. 
So, that means they are claiming that the overall number of the country has grown, despite this 
turmoil that has happened, political turmoil, as we have seen in Bangladesh. In regards to Pearl, 
what we are seeing is we have grown significantly, like if I look at the numbers, it will be like 
high 30s that we are growing. So, that is because of the two factors, one as a foreign player like 
we are very well disciplined and well organized out there and run by very professionally and 
second part is that there were some of these big players, really big players, the biggest of the 
players in Bangladesh who had financial irregularities and had to shut down their operations are 
significantly went down. So, the customers, mainly the European customers who get the GSP 
benefit, they had a choice either to move out the business from Bangladesh and take to other 
countries which are other countries. If they go to Cambodia, they get the same GSP benefit that 
means 10% duty when they get goods land in the European countries or UK country whereas if 
they come to countries like India or Vietnam, they pay other extra duty of 10%. So, naturally 
their choice was to place the business with some other vendor, which are much more stable 
vendor and that is where like people like us got the benefit and similarly not only us, there are 
other benefits, people also have gone grown significantly this year in Bangladesh. So, that is 
what has happened. So, yes, in nutshell, our business has been up more than 30 plus and a high 
30s I would say. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
And sir, this would be more volume driven, right? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Volume of course, like volume means number and dollars forth. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
And sir, how much of this you expect to continue, from next year do you believe that there is a 
higher proportion of one-off in this quarter or do you believe now this is a new normal? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So, that is something like our overall strategy as I just mentioned earlier. So, we are talking of 
wallet share with existing customers and also we are inputting newer customers and then 
aggressively growing with them. The virtue of our design strength like we have a design, strong 
design presence in countries like Spain and Europe and UK. So, we are definitely capitalizing 
on that. So, because of this, we will be also adding new customers and growing the wallet share 
of the existing customers. So, that is independent of what is happening in the country or what is 
happening as what you call macro factor in those regions. So, we definitely are putting all our 
strategies in place to have that growth. So, that is why we will continue to have a growth, it may 
not be this kind of significant jump, but there will be continuous growth. So, that if you 
remember like always, we say that all our strategies have been built on a cumulative growth of 
at least the topline should be going in the rate of 15% plus growth. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
And thank you so much for this and how much will be the 9-months growth for Bangladesh? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
You are referring to Pearl numbers? 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Pearl, yes. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, this is what Pallab mentioned in high of 30 that is what the volume growth has been there. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saurabh Dhole from True Beacon 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Thank you so much for the call and congratulations. I just have one question. I think when you 
talk about CAPEX, you also included some or other earmarked some funds for acquisitions. So, 
I just want to know what characteristics do you typically acquire for is it like client relationships 
or other any specific manufacturing capabilities that you are looking to add to your portfolio? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. So, like when we talk about acquisition, so we are not talking of acquiring a business so far 
like that is something like we are not actively looking at. We have the customer relationship, or 
we have the ability to acquire new customers and that we have proven in the last 3 years 
repeatedly. So, that is something is not the priority. But yes, like if something very attractive 
comes in, for example, one of the areas like I always talk about the four supply chain areas of 
the globe. One of them is the Mediterranean region where we don't have. If I get a good attractive 
business proposition, we may look into that. But apart from that, like the most common 
acquisition that we were looking at or we are still looking at is a good facility, a good factory or 
a good set up, but not as a business but more as asset, more as infrastructure. So, that is how we 
have been thinking, and we have been working upon. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Great. And also when you talk about your FY27 aspirations are going to close to 130 million 
pieces, to what extent are you also factoring inorganic addition to the facilities in this particular 
capacity addition? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So, this is the normal strategy that we are talking about 15% growth of our acquiring new 
customers, growing with our wallet share of the existing customers and in the geographical 
region that we are. So, any other opportunity comes in that will be addition. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Yes, that will be an addition. So, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. First question was on 
Bangladesh itself, you mentioned that there is a kind of vacuum created for good suppliers in 
the country. What is your strategy to increase your capacity therefore, because is it going to be 
more linear or what could be the growth rate in our capacity there to cater to this opportunity? 
Because I thought this would be created more near term and therefore one would have to act 
more immediately? 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So, thank you for the detailed question. This is like definitely one level deeper. So, as you know 
that we work on both models in country like Bangladesh where we have our own facility and 
the partnership facilities. So, in the short term, definitely we are not losing any opportunity. We 
are capitalizing on the partnership facilities that are available to us. In fact, as this turmoil 
happened and as this financial liabilities comes out more and more like coming out the cupboard, 
I would say so naturally a lot of the partners that we work with where we book our capacities, 
they were more secured with us and overtime as they got to know that this is a better safe haven, 
a safe player to bet on, so they have been giving us more and more capacities and attractive rates. 
So, that is something that we could capitalize in the short run. And in the long run, definitely 
what happens is we take the business like certain European brands who are also in problem, they 
are more flexible at this point of them. They are partnering, but at the same time, they are taking 
promises from us that we will build the infrastructure for having this business long term with us. 
So, that is how it goes hand in hand. So, we get the assurance, we get the business and then we 
can invest. That is the luxury that we had in this case. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Are their contracts in place that allow you to kind of build factories and do it more linearly over 
the next 3-4 years, is that something or just a verbal commitment? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
From the customers, yes the customer basically, see it is depending on the relationship. 
Normally, a customer very rarely would give a written contract, but once we are in terms of 
strategically giving them the benefits or understanding their need and servicing it that 
commitment starts coming in, not a legal contract, but more of the relationship contract that we 
continue to get. So, the forecast for the next 3 years is available to us. The kind of programs that 
will be coming is available to us. Those are the things on which places of which we can take this 
call much more securely. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Understood. And secondly, on the capacity front, you are talking about 125-130 million in 2 
years from a 90 million base that translates to almost a 40% kind of growth over 2 years in terms 
of capacity 40% plus, is that the kind of growth rate you are expecting for the business as well, 
so that the utilization remains at the same level? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. The only difference, only point that I will add out here is 2028 is a not end goal. So, 2028 
31st of March, we would have a runway with us of a capacity of 135 million. So, that 135 million 
will be encased on the next few years. Because what we did was we are keeping that assumption, 
whatever capacity that we have in hand will continue to use about 80%, which is currently what 
we see is the healthy balance that we are seeing repeatedly. So, we are forecasting on that number 
basis and also the second part of this capacity is that the majority will be our own and some 
would be the partnership. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Right, thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha 
Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just wanted to understand why are we not going all in for 
partnership model because it is asset light also and it is ROCE accretive also, so just to scale 
because we see immense demand coming in from a couple of other countries plus from the 
existing players as well, so just to fast track, why are we not going for a partnership model 
throughout? Are there any loopholes or maybe a missing out something on partnership front? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. See like partnership, as we have stated earlier also, we would like to keep about 15% 
approximately and can jump up in the short run maybe 25% as well. That is the kind of 
opportunistic approach that we want to keep. We are in a business of manufacturing on our own 
mostly and whatever the partnership also what we are doing, we are completely responsible for 
those factories, their compliances, their manufacturing. It is just not subcontracting or just not 
sourcing. So, that is a different business model that other businesses may have, but not us. As a 
result, the kind of customer base that we are working with, 80% of our customer base also wants 
to see that complete ownership amongst us. So, both this thing goes hand in hand. So, that is the 
place, those are the customers they could place the premium or relative premium I would say in 
the market where we can maintain margins. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And just one more thing on the European and the Japanese market, you mentioned that it is not 
seeing any healthy growth on the market per se, overall market. So, what is the USP that we are 
able to increase our market share because there might be some existing suppliers also in the 
market who are supplying to them. In fact, the market is not growing and we are increasing the 
penetration wallet share. So, what is allowing us, any USP or anything on that front? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes, I can talk a little bit more about that. See Japan, there are two big companies. I think most 
of us know about, one is Uniqlo and the other one is Muji. Now, these are the brands which have 
grown significantly in the international market. So, Japan is their primary market, but they have 
a significant presence all over Asia and also in the West, both in Europe as well as US. Now, 
these are the companies that have been growing significantly. Of course, Uniqlo, today is a very 
large company, more than $24-$25 billion they have already gone into the topline and Muji is 
the other one which is growing very fast. So, these are the kind of customers that if we are talking 
about, so then naturally, like our growth would be much bigger or faster than the Japan market 
as a whole how it is growing as only Japan. The second challenge is that it is not easy to service 
Japan because of their quality norms. Now these are the brands which looks after almost like 0 
defect, whereas the Western countries they have a statistical method of taking the quality 
inspection and doing the quality inspection whereas this country, like Japanese brands and all, 
so they are completely on 0 defect. So, that is also one of the reason that, despite the treaty that 
we have from India and Japan, still, India doesn't export too much of garments to Japan, so 
anyway, like we have focused on that and that is where like a significant growth has come in 
and this particular brand is we are approaching almost good growth, we will be walking towards 
at least 50 million over the next one or two years. That is the path that we had chosen. And the 
UK market also similarly there are brands like Primark or Next and all which are like 
international brands. They don't sell only in UK, but all over the Europe and Primark has gone 
into US as well. So, our association with those brands definitely allows us to continue to grow. 
As they grow and also like as we grow from one or two categories to all the seven categories 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
that we are supplying to them or more and more categories you want to bring out under the 
umbrella and more countries. So, that is why, like strategically we are working with this kind of 
customers who are having international presence. So, if you look at our customer profile, most 
of the customers you will find have international presence. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Fair enough. Thanks for the elaborate answer. Just one more thing on the Indian operations if 
you look at our peers, they are not facing any struggle in terms of the EBITDA margin, especially 
when the demand is shifting from other geographies. So, I just wanted to understand on a broader 
level, is it because of the product mix that we are struggling or is it something else that we need 
to do to get the Indian operations right? I understand on the console level things, we are doing 
better, but India most of the operations you could explain. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
I will be transferred on that also, see that is more of a legacy, like when we came on board in 
Pearl and we have been doing the strategy and the growth expansions and everything, India has 
legacy of doing mainly the blouses, top skirts and blouses kind of segment for Pearl in India. So, 
that particular one is more of a seasonal business. So, Q3-Q4 becomes very big and Q1-Q2 are 
slow. So, some Australian customers like Southern Hemisphere customer comes in those 
seasons, but still its volume is not in comparison to the Western market. So, to do that, as we 
have said in other calls also we are expanding in other categories in India, building up those kind 
of manufacturing lines and marketing. Most of the customers that we are working with also knew 
that Pearl India does only blouse, so as we are acquiring the new customers and newer products 
so that is one strategy that we have worked upon. And the second strategy that we have worked 
upon is that our factories were limited to only in the metropolitan cities like Gurgaon, Bangalore 
and Chennai, so diversifying into other locations like the Tier-2, Tier-3 cities of Muzaffarpur, 
Bhubaneswar and then buying land in Jetapur near Indore. So, this is the strategy that we are 
working upon, so that our cost also can be mitigated. Now, when I am talking I can also say that, 
factories were quite small, so it was definitely the scale was not kicking in India. So, that also 
now I think some of you have visited some of our factories, now we have skilled it up to 1200 
because that is the sweet spot where we find that under one roof, if we have 1000-1200 machines 
in India that I think is the best. So, these are things like strategically, we have been doing these 
things, so that is why we are saying that if we need maybe another 3 or 4 quarters to get to that 
level of double digit EBITDA from this region also. So, we are working on that part. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Great, sir. All the best. Yes, that is it from my end. Thank you so much. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Thank you very much. In case of any further queries, kindly reach out to us or Strategy  
Growth Advisor or Investor Relations Advisor. Thank you. 

 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
February 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Pearl Global Industries Limited, that concludes 
this conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
