 
 
 
February 01, 2025 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
 
SYMBOL: POLICYBZR 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services/ Listing 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
SCRIP CODE: 543390 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on January 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sir 
 
In furtherance to our earlier communication dated January 17, 2025, January 30, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on January 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript of Earnings Call is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.pbfintech.in/investor-relations/. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your records.  
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For PB Fintech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Bhasker Joshi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
        
          
 
 
BHASKER 
JOSHI
Digitally signed by 
BHASKER JOSHI 
Date: 2025.02.01 
12:48:20 +05'30'

 
PB FINTECH LIMITED 
Q3 FY2024-25 
Earnings Call 
January 30, 2025 
 

                                                                         
 
Page 1 of 26 
 
Management:  A very warm welcome to PB Fintech Limited earnings call Q3 FY 24-25. Today   
we have with us 
 Mr. Yashish Dahiya, Chairman & CEO, PB Fintech 
 Mr. Alok Bansal, Executive Vice Chairman, PB Fintech 
 Mr. Sarbvir Singh, Joint Group CEO, PB Fintech 
 Mr. Naveen Kukreja, Co-founder & CEO, Paisabazaar 
 Mr. Mandeep Mehta, Group CFO, PB Fintech, and 
 Ms Rasleen Kaur, Head, Strategy & Investor Relations, PB Fintech. 
Management:  I now request Yashish to make the introductory address 
Management:  As we share our performance update for the Quarter ended Dec 31, 2024 we 
are very pleased that our health and life insurance business, which are, as I 
always say, the bulk of our long term value, witnessed a combined growth of 
47% year on year in new premium for Q3. In this health is just shy of 60%. And 
I think if I was just giving you a color for the quarter, our savings business grew 
a tad slower than we anticipated, and thus we had built up our capacity, 
expecting a higher growth in savings. But that did not happen. So just to take 
away the thing. Health grew really well, term grew quite well, and savings were 
a little slower, and the other the good news is motor, and two-wheeler actually 
came back. And so, it's a pretty balanced growth this time across the board. 
Our total insurance premium for the quarter was ₹6,135 Cr, up 44% YoY. Core 
insurance premium grew 42% in Q3, with the core insurance revenue growing, 
45%. Credit linked revenue was ₹119 Cr for the quarter. New initiatives grew at 
87%. And now are at a 3% positive contribution margin. 
 
Overall, our revenue for Q3 grew 48%. I wanted to signal here that phase where 
our premium growth was higher than our revenue growth is hopefully behind 
us, because that was because we were moving from the traditional products 
to the products of the saving side. That part seems to be now behind us we 
are. It's been more than a year of that change. 
So, the revenue has grown at 48% to ₹1,292 Cr, and the PAT grew 92% to ₹72 
Cr. Our trail revenue is now at an ARR of ₹665 Cr, up from ₹454 Cr last year. And 
just to complete that story, this same number was 287 Cr exactly 2 years ago. 
So, what that means is much more than doubling every 2 years. As we all know, 
this is a key driver for our long-term profit growth. So, this is quite secure. We 
continue to improve our customer onboarding and claims support services. 
And the insurance CSAT is now for the 1st time above 90% and 90.2% up from 
last quarter. 

                                                                         
 
Page 2 of 26 
 
The credit business has been down. It's about 20% down YoY, and this is actually 
the 1st quarter where we've seen a significant reduction compared to the 
previous. So, it's even on quarter and quarter. It's about 13% down. In terms of 
disbursals, in the online side of the business, however, the good news there is 
– secured is building up very fast. Secured is now much bigger than unsecured 
in terms of total disbursals. It's about 1.4 times now. So that's clearly taken over. 
Of course, it has materially less revenue per disbursal. And the good news is 
that the secure business was just started in Q2. So, it's just been a 6-month-old 
business. So, it's a very rapid growth and all organic.  This is now in the new 
initiatives, and showing a disbursal of ₹2,570 Cr. So, this is largely secured 
business, which is now at almost ₹1,000 Cr a month and ₹ 24 Cr revenue for the 
quarter, so that part is acting as a filler. The core credit business continues to be 
adjusted EBITDA positive. However, I must say, in this year, we will face about a 
₹40 Cr negative delta on the Paisabazaar side. However, that should be taken 
care of by some incremental EBITDA coming from the other parts of the 
business.  
We continue to strengthen our leadership in new initiatives with the revenue 
growth of 87%, as I said, and adjusted EBITDA margin moving from minus 13% 
to minus 7%, with a 3% contribution. PB Partners continues to lead, which is our 
agent aggregator platform. Today it has 270,000 advisors. Last quarter was 
250,000 advisors. So, in the in the last one quarter, we've added another 20,000 
advisors. We have moved the business increasingly towards smaller and higher 
quality advisors, more diversified across different lines of business and present 
in 18.9k PIN codes covering 99% of the PIN codes in India. 
Our UAE insurance premium has grown at 58% YoY and is now aligning more 
and more towards health and life similar to our India business. 
Our core health and life insurance businesses are growing ahead of 
expectations. In anticipation of the steady growth, we continue to invest in 
operational capacity as well as brand awareness campaigns. 
Happy to take questions. 
Management: Thank you Yashish. We'll take the first question from Sachin Dixit, JM Financial. 
Sachin, please unmute yourself. 
Sachin Dixit: Hi Yashish and team! Hope you can hear me. Congrats again for delivering a 
good growth quarter. My first question was with regards to profitability. So, 
while obviously revenue continues to ramp up, the jump in sequential path 
seems a bit muted. What is driving this? Is this just Paisabazaar related impact, 

                                                                         
 
Page 3 of 26 
 
or there is more to it, in terms of contribution effect. Sorry I have not been able 
to go through the presentation, so the question might be a bit naive. 
Management: No, it's not your fault. It's our fault, because the presentation just got uploaded 
some time ago. No problem. So yes, as I mentioned earlier last year, if I look 
now at our credit P&L, it was about ₹40 Cr better than this year. So yes, there 
is an impact that's coming from there. The other part, as I mentioned at the 
opening of my speech, was we anticipated a certain growth and that growth 
delivered in Health, it delivered in Term, but we fell short of that growth rate 
on the Savings business, and that's partly reflective of the insurance market; of 
the market cycle that's going on. Because most of what we're selling is ULIPs, 
which are market related, so they are, in a way, the same alignment as mutual 
funds. So that did get impacted. If you remember the last call, I said, yes, we 
have invested in anticipation of growth. That growth did not really come in the 
Savings side. So, we were left with some additional operating capacity, which I 
think, as we get towards through the next quarter, we are aligning also. Our 
overall growth is at 44%. But the Health growth, as I said, is about 15% higher 
and that continues to hit. Even our Health renewal growth is at 46% or so. 
Whereas the new business is growing faster, fresh health business comes at 0% 
margin. And that's obvious. In fact, a little bit of loss actually. So that continues 
to hurt us. Obviously, that doesn't hurt us from an NPV perspective. And we 
should also always look at the NPV. But from medium term it does. And so, till 
we stay in this cycle, where new business is outperforming, and especially new 
business of health is outperforming, that stress will stay. But it's a good stress 
to have, not a bad stress. However, on the saving side, I think we made the right 
call because we saw a lot of growth in September, October. That growth did 
not translate in December. 
Management: I just wanted to add: So, the seasonality this year has been a little bit typical in 
the sense that September was a very big month, and then October, because of 
Diwali, we expected it to be where it was. We thought November and 
December again would be very big months, but I think there was general 
slowdown in some kind of consumer demand also. So, it took a lot to get this 
growth and that's what you are seeing. But I just want to again say that if we 
can grow at these rates, we cannot prioritize three-month profitability. 
Sachin Dixit: Just a quick follow up on the Savings piece. The markets, obviously, January has 
started very badly, and who knows how it's going ahead. So, Savings could 
continue to be a laggard. So, are you building accordingly or you still believe 
that other segments will take care of the investments that you've already 
done? 

                                                                         
 
Page 4 of 26 
 
Management: See when we say slow growth, do appreciate, it was still north of 30 for the 
quarter, and even for the month. Well, it was quite okay. And even in January 
we are seeing quite okay. So, it's not like we are where the rest of the industry 
is. We are definitely ahead but it is just obvious we can't be not impacted by 
the cycles. 
Sachin Dixit: Got it. On my second question quickly - An update on the Healthcare foray? If 
you have anything in place, we'll love a good update? 
Management: That is the same as last time. I was authorized by the Board about 45 days ago 
to have negotiations with the multiple parties in trying to get investors on 
board. We are in deep negotiations with the investors. We are in a position to 
announce something in about 30 days or so, I hope. That's the best, I know. 
Multiple negotiations of SSAs have happened and at some point, we'll reach 
closure. Investors have been identified, of course, because that's why we're at 
that stage. 
Sachin Dixit: Understood. Thanks a lot for the update and all the best. 
Management: Thank you, Sachin. We'll take the next question from Jayant Kharote from 
Jefferies. Jayant, please unmute yourself. 
Jayant Kharote: Thanks for the opportunity. First one is on the margin Yashish. While I 
 
understand that Savings is falling a bit short, if you could just sort of touch 
 
upon your long-term guidance of 50-55% on the contribution margin. 
 
Should we still continue to expect that over the next 2-3 years, or is there  any 
revisit on that? Then I'll come back with the second question. 
Management: I think as you look at longer term, 2-3 pieces have to play out, and strategically, 
nothing has changed. Strategically, the renewals part, which is the NPV, is a 
great driver of profitability, and eventually, both in Health and Life, that does 
contribute, and even in Motor, it does contribute. I guess we are still a very 
early-stage business. If your fresh business is growing at the rates that we are 
growing, we are still quite early. I guess as time evolves, that's the first part that 
plays out. The second part that has to play out - we have for the last 12-18 
months decidedly been pushing the pedal in terms of operating spends and 
cost of acquisition spends, etc. It is the right thing to do, because for us, if we 
had 5% higher growth, that is better than having 5% higher profitability at this 
stage, because that's the stage we are at and we know which side of the coin 
we need to back on. As we get to a more mature phase, clearly that part would 
also shift. I haven't actually thought of the exact numbers, but I don't think one 
should rule out a much higher contribution margin than today, and I don't think 

                                                                         
 
Page 5 of 26 
 
a 10% delta from where we are is out of imagination in any way. Obviously, 
efficiency, etc, would also come in. We are also doing a lot of work on AI, on 
Product development, etc. Let me explain - the kind of things that we're doing 
right on the Garage network, we are able to have opened 100 different garage 
networks with our partners, and what that does is allows us to give better 
service to our customers, and that's again, part of the reasons why our Motor 
business has started to grow again. One of the reasons, as we do these, 
hopefully, our sales also become easier. So, these are all linked activities, and 
all of these should drive further and further efficiency. But I would say, in the 
last 3 years we've been in a phase of high investment, in capabilities that would 
enhance future sales. 
Jayant Kharote: 
 Understood Yashish. So, the second question is on the POSP business. 
This 3% contribution margin looks impressive. Is this the Dubai and the 
Corporate business, or this is largely the POSP piece? And if we can sort of 
expect this number to stabilize and move up from here to the sort of 5-7% 
range that you had at some point entered to? 
Management:  So, in our new initiatives, nothing swings the needle like the POSP. So, it's 
largely POSP. But I think the key thing there is, POSP is a low margin activity, 
and then it depends upon if are you dealing with really small individual agents 
or are you dealing with people who are slightly larger agents. With larger 
agents, you don't have negotiation ability. They are essentially auctioneers of 
business with smaller agents, and they tend to be more of your partners. Thus, 
you make better margins when you deal with smaller, but when you deal with 
smaller agents, you have to also deploy your own sales team, your own 
relationship team, etc. So, I think, 5% is certainly not out of reach. I hope we 
do better than that. Let's see how that market evolves. 
Jayant Kharote: We should hold on to this 3%+? 
Management: I don't want to comment on that. You do realize that is a competitive area, and 
we will always be counter-cyclical. We want to hold our cards close to our chest, 
and we don't give short-term or mid-term guidance on that.  
Management: By the way, now even Paisabazaar's PB Connect is also included in that and 
Dubai is a contributor as well. Of course everybody is a contributor, but now 
the new initiative is four things - Paisabazaar's PB Connect,  Policybazaar's PB 
Partners, UAE business, and the Corporate business. So, all four are there. But 
I don't want to tie our hands in any way, shape or form in the POSP business. 
It's a competitive arena, and we will stay competitive, and we will be somewhat 
counter cyclical. I think that's the only guidance one can take away. 

                                                                         
 
Page 6 of 26 
 
Jayant Kharote: 
Perfect and congratulations for a great set of numbers. 
Management:  
Thank you, Jayant. We'll take the next question from Ankush, Surge 
 
 
 
Capital. Ankush, request you to please unmute yourself. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Yes. Am I audible? 
Management:   
Yes. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Yes, just to clarity. If you clarified the secured business is now  
 
part of new initiative, and it's not considered the core business,  
 
 
right? 
Management: 
No, the secured has two parts to it. One is what we sell as a marketplace 
on our platform, which is Paisabazaar, and the second is what 
essentially is a platform in a way, like a consolidation platform like POSP. 
Basically, it's the same as PB Partners. So, we have both sides of the 
secured, and the number I gave you was secured was a total number 
on the offline side. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Okay, got it 
Management: 
 Main business will be in the Core. The PB Connect is, of course, larger 
in terms of disbursals. About 3/4th is PB Connect, the POSP business of 
the total secured business. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Can you give the Core online business disbursal for the quarter? 
Management:  
It's ₹2,866 Cr for the quarter. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Okay. Got it. That was helpful. Thank you. 
Management: 
 Thank you, Ankush. We'll take the next question from Shreya, CLSA. 
Shreya, please unmute yourself. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Hello! Can you hear me? 
Management:  
Yes 
Shreya Shivani: 
Hello, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set 
of numbers. Keeping the quarter aside, I wanted to understand your 
outlook for the coming year in terms of growth across the major 
segments. I will not go into the lending business, but the Health 
insurance segment. So, what we are hearing from the underwriters is a 
fresh round of price hikes are going on in the industry right now and 
that segment already has challenges in terms of affordability. Now I 
understand you have a major market share in the fresh business that 

                                                                         
 
Page 7 of 26 
 
you get over there. But the theme of the year that is coming through is, 
first, the fresh rounds of price hike; second rising pressure from the 
regulator on the underwriters to keep their expenses under control. 
FY26 is the year where they all have to comply with the EOM guidelines. 
So how do we look at our business going ahead, given that the 
underwriters would be going through a sea of changes in the year 
ahead, on the Health? 
Management: 
I will pass this over to Sarbvir, because he will have a much better 
answer. I just wanted to leave you with one thing which I'm sure you all 
know.  I'm not talking about Policybazaar business, I'm talking about 
the industry.  On new business, claims ratio is 25% and on renewal 
business as an industry, the claims ratio is 75%. This has nothing to do 
with Policybazaar. This is the reality. Policybazaar might be better on 
both. Let's leave that out of the equation. So, everybody wants new 
business. I will leave it there. I'll pass it on to Sarbvir. 
Management: 
I don't think anybody is anticipating that they don't want to grow in new 
business. I think that's the key point. That fresh business is the solution. 
So, if you think about it from an industry perspective also, the only 
solution is to grow your fresh book faster than your renewal book and 
manage that. So, I think anyone who can bring fresh business will 
always have higher value. And I think that's what we are doing right. We 
are bringing fresh new lives into the industry. We are bringing them at 
a reasonable sort of loss ratio. We are a positive channel in terms of 
quality and disclosures. So, I think our proposition is in fact much more 
valuable in a year, where you have stress on your book, and you have 
various other things going. So, I don't necessarily anticipate that to be 
a major challenge for us. I would only say that you are right - 
Affordability is the key issue to work upon, and I think this year we 
found a lever in terms of going much more into monthly mode policies 
and things like that. 
Management: 
 Now, as we go through that next year, we'll have to find newer and 
newer ideas. But if you can get fresh business, I don't think you will have 
a huge challenge next. And last thing I would mention is 
if you go through the notes of all our calls and our conversations with 
each one of you, what's happening is exactly what we've laid out over 
the last 3 years. So, all I'm saying is, there is 0 surprise for us. I don't 
know where the surprise is. I'm just talking about my own 

                                                                         
 
Page 8 of 26 
 
communication with all of you. It's always been exactly on the lines of 
what's going on right now. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. I understand the part of your ability to bring new lives into the 
industry, etc. Do you see any advantage in the past 3 months or past 
month? Have you seen any advantage of other distributors in the 
industry slowing down, or particularly in the last 3 months? There was 
a lot of news around other distributors, having some sort of pressure. 
So, in those terms, where would you see sense anything on ground or 
was it just the great momentum that has been? 
Management: 
Shreya, honestly, I appreciate the question. But we genuinely don't 
even have time to think about any of the others. As far as Health 
insurance is concerned, in terms of distribution, we are kind of in our 
own race. Honestly, I remember first few days in IIT, when I had joined. 
There was a run going on, and I think in the 800m race, I was about 
100m ahead of everybody else. Then it became just my race. There was 
nobody else to compete with. So honestly, this is just us, that's it. From 
a distribution standpoint, I don't know what else is going on. and I don't 
know who we can focus on. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. Thank you so much. This was useful, and all the best. 
Management: 
Thank you, Shreya. We'll take the next question from Sachin Salgaonkar, 
BofA. Sachin, please unmute yourself. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Congratulations to management on good set of numbers. My first 
question is on your Core growth. Clearly, every year we have a new 
base, and you guys continue to positively surprise on the overall 
growth. So, on this high base, should we continue to see 30%+ growth 
for next couple of years or do you see downside risk to this growth? 
Management: 
New growth is the only thing nobody can predict, and I have always 
maintained that for the last 5-6 years. We think we can grow at 30%. 
It's a hard problem. It is not an easy problem, but if it's less than 30% 
we'll be very unhappy also. It is all I can say, but it's impossible to tell 
what your growth over the next 5 years is going to be, but I think the 
way we are growing, I hope we can maintain. It's absolutely very hard 
to say anything. I think the main thing as we go forward is that we have 
to execute fearlessly, and  we can't be worried too much about what 
happens in certain time periods. I think you have to think beyond where 
you are today, and we have to keep our eye on the future. I mean, you 

                                                                         
 
Page 9 of 26 
 
can't just say this profitability this month or this quarter. So, I think that 
is the main thing to avoid and if we can avoid that and focus on basic 
building blocks like affordability, product, disclosure, service claim 
support. I honestly think that there is no reason to believe that we 
cannot grow for many years. No, and I totally agree with Sarbvir, and I 
echo this. In fact, I specifically wrote a note out to management 
because sometimes communication gets misunderstood, because I do 
believe that this quarter our profit was slightly less than what I 
anticipated for various things. So, I specifically wrote the message, 
saying, please, that is not important at all. What is important is our 
growth and let's focus on that. And this ₹10-20 Cr up or down will keep 
happening. Just don't worry about it at all over the long term, it'll all 
even out. So, let's just focus on that. And let's focus on the building 
blocks. So even next year, if we had to err, we would err towards growth 
rather than err towards trying to get profitability by 5% lower growth. 
No, that is not what our objective is going to be. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Thank you, very clear. In one of your slides, you did mention that the 
future growth will be coming from tier-2 & tier-3 cities. So, question out 
here is, can you help us in terms of the contribution today for premium 
from tier-2 & tier-3 cities? Where do we see that going? And again, 
incrementally, should we see higher investments or a bit of pressure on 
margins as we go and target consumers into these places? 
Management: 
I would say that today, about 2/3rd to 70% of our business comes from 
tier-2 & tier-3 cities. And I think this number will grow. That's the way I 
think growth in the country is happening. So, I have a feeling that we 
will definitely reflect that is it going to be more expensive or less 
expensive than where we are today? I'm not really sure, because our 
funnel works in a way that we do digital as well as television advertising 
which brings people into our website. And there, it's not really like we 
have to spend on hoardings in Bombay versus hoardings in a smaller 
city, or something like that. It's all national kind of work. I think it brings 
these people, and then yes, there will be a service element that we have 
to manage. In some cases, we have to be distributed more in terms of 
we are today, I think, serving in over 200 cities. We have sales capability. 
So maybe that will keep growing incrementally as we go along. You 
could argue some cost associated with it. But honestly, I feel that it's in 
reasonably good shape right now, because we do gain in productivity, 
we learn how to manage ourselves better in the existing areas. The new 

                                                                         
 
Page 10 of 26 
 
area may come in at a slightly lower profitability but then you also have 
existing areas which improve. I think Yashish mentioned the use of 
technology is very exciting. There's a lot of opportunity. I'm sure you all 
are hearing about all the Gen AI models and things like that but 
practically what it really means is that you can bring some productivity 
gains; you are able to translate what is the intent of the customer more 
clearly, and I think that will help. So yes, I don't know the answer to 
your question, but I feel it will be all good. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it, very clear. My third question is - Clearly, we are seeing a better 
growth coming from secured versus unsecured. Question to 
management is in medium term, how should we think about the 
growth coming from unsecured space? Is this something where the 
company is looking to defocus, or, how the stress in this part of the 
industry goes down, we should see growth again, picking from 
unsecured? 
Management: 
As you may have heard from the various concalls that happened in the 
banking and the lending industry, that the industry consensus seems to 
be that the risk is speaking, and we should hopefully have bottomed 
out in terms of the growth in the last quarter. We are starting to see 
some positive signs already in our conversations with the partners. So 
firstly, hopefully the growth will come back. And again, if you look at 
the fundamental pieces on, banking industry liability is growing at 
about 12-14%. Those have to be deployed into assets, and within that 
secured assets give you a 1% or less than 1% ROA. Unsecured is one 
which gives you higher ROA so unsecured as an industry should get back 
from this base to about 15%+ growth, which the regulator also 
hopefully would be comfortable with and as that growth comes back, 
we, as a digital player would hope to grow faster than the industry. So 
unsecured will remain a focus area and we are working hard in terms 
of going deeper into the product and use of technology which we also 
alluded to in terms of improving our productivity, reach and efficiency. 
So unsecured will remain a focus area but secured will have its own 
growth path because it started recently. And we found a segment in PB 
Connect - a PB Partners equivalent, which, where we see a big 
opportunity, although at a lower margin, but a big scale opportunity 
absolutely. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
 Thank you Naveen. And my last question - Yashish, your last guidance 
in the company was 2+ years back. Today we are pretty comfortable in 

                                                                         
 
Page 11 of 26 
 
terms of PB Fintech, raising more that ₹1,000 Cr+ in terms of net 
income for FY27. Given the fact that even your new initiatives margins 
are improving, your core business margins continue to improve, any 
thoughts in terms of coming up with a new guidance, or revising that 
guidance as we head forward? 
Management: 
We don't like to give guidance very often and usually we are long term 
thinkers, and that guidance was on some fundamental blocks of the 
business. Those blocks are fairly unshakable. I think we will be able to 
hit those numbers and quite easily so, but I don't think we are giving 
any new guidance, and we don't give any guidance. We don't have any 
guidance for next year or for the year 2028, or anything of that sort. We 
just gave a guidance for 2027 once. And I don't think we're changing 
guidance if we do better.  
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
 Got it. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you, Sachin. We'll take the next question from Manas, Bernstein. 
Manas, please unmute yourself. 
Manas Agrawal: 
 Thanks Team. Trying to peel into unit economics a bit. I've never really 
liked the fact that your first-year business is actually not making money. 
In an industry, it typically makes money almost entirely in the 1st year. 
I understand the LTV, so wanted to understand what is the CAC trend 
and what really sits in the CAC - is it just digital marketing or is it 
something more? So that's the first piece. and as a follow-up. 
Management: 
Yes. So, if you wanted me to answer the first piece that way or finish the 
follow up and then we can answer it all in one go. 
Manas Agrawal: 
Sure. The follow up is related. So next year, sitting on this very strong 
new business growth, you should have very strong renewal business 
growth in terms of commissions, and therefore margin should flow 
through, if the economics is what it is? 
Management: 
See, when I gave the ₹1,000 Cr guidance, there was a very simple 
principle behind it. It was a long, long time ago, right? But it was at that 
time when we used to make ₹1,000 Cr losses. That was a time when 
that guidance was given.  And why was the guidance given- It was based 
on one simple premise, nothing else. It was based on renewals doubling 
every 2 years. And that's why I emphasize on one number renewal ARR 
out of the ₹665 Cr 2 years ago. That's the reason I mentioned 2 years 
ago is ₹287 Cr. So, we are more than doubling. And this will happen 

                                                                         
 
Page 12 of 26 
 
once more within the next 2 years. Right. It's currently growing at 46%. 
Whether you grow at 40% or 45%, you'll be in that ballpark. And that is 
your guarantor of profitability. Now coming to your question. The first 
question - See, ours is a very simple business. Life insurance - You make 
the bulk of the revenue in the 1st year; Motor insurance you make 
about 2/3rd of your lifetime value in the 1st year; or something like 
that. In Health, fortunately or unfortunately, whichever way you want 
to think about it, we think it's fortunate, you make only 20% of your 
revenue of your NPV in the 1st year. Health is a product where the 
premiums keep going up; commissions are flat, and in the 1st year 
nobody makes money by selling Health within one year. Thus, our CAC 
is about 22-23% of LTV. So, it's a very high margin business for us. But 
the point is, our revenue in the first year is only 20% odd of NPV or 
thereabouts, thus, in the 1st year we make a loss. It's a beautiful 
product; it's a product where we have our book for the last 17 years. 
And around IPO, we put out some of those numbers, and we can always 
start putting all those. All those renewals are holding up and the 
renewals are higher than they've ever been before. Because of the 
growth we've had in the last 18 months on Health, that should reflect 
into higher renewals and you're seeing that. If you look back, our 
renewal rate was slightly lower in the beginning of the year than in the 
latter part of the year. But again, if you look back, we had guided 
towards that. Because see, the only thing I will ever guide you on is 
renewals, because that is fairly certain. Like we know what our renewals 
next quarter and next year are going to be; the other pieces, we don't 
know. We don't know where fresh growth is, and so fresh growth, we 
always shy from guidance. We just say our target is 30%. We don't 
know; it's not a guidance. And all our businesses at an LTV level, operate 
at about 2.7x. So, what that means is our cost; our acquisition cost; our 
customer service cost is less than 40% of our lifetime value calculated 
with an IRR of 15%. And it goes through lots of checks and balances. It 
is not that business just puts it, and we take it. It is based on a lot of 
scrutiny and a lot of data over the last 17 years. But that's our current 
number. We're at about 2.7x. We would love to be at 3, but that's not 
as important as growth. Because if you're at 2.7x, you do want to grow. 
Manas Agrawal: 
Thanks for the detailed answer. Would love to have more disclosures 
around this from the DRHP time. But that's it. Thank you. 

                                                                         
 
Page 13 of 26 
 
Management: 
Sure. Thank you, Manas. We'll take the next question from Dipanjan, 
Citi. Dipanjan, please unmute yourself. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hope I'm audible. 
Management:   
Yes. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Yes. Hi, so just a few questions. One, I missed the POSP premium data 
when you mentioned it. If you can spell that, and the PB Corporate 
premium data. Second, you mentioned in a presentation that the 
revenues from the lending business to the partner channel was around 
₹7 Cr in the Q2. Could you give the similar number for Q3? And third 
again, if I just look at your overall disbursals to existing customers in 
Paisa, the ratio to existing customers seems to have dropped. So, are 
you getting new customers because of your relative change in mix 
towards more of secured business and how do you see this trajectory 
going ahead? 
Management: 
Paisa, I'll leave for Naveen. From numbers perspective, POSP is ₹1,326 
Cr the premium of the quarter. Corporate is about ₹390 Cr 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
 Got it. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
 On the Advisor revenue for the Paisabazaar business. 
Management: 
 Okay. Your question was PB Connect Q2 Revenue was ₹7 Cr and Q3, 
that number would ₹24 Cr. Right, and your second question was around 
the customer growth. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
 Sorry just to follow, this would be included under the new initiatives - 
Contribution, profitability from this quarter onwards, is my 
understanding correct? 
Management: 
This is not profits, this is revenue. It is as of now, a loss-making business. 
It makes a loss of about ₹4 Cr, a quarter. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So, if I understand correctly, ex of this, I mean, if you were comparing 
apples to apples, the new initiatives might have been, maybe of 
whatever 3%, maybe 4% or 5% contribution margin during the quarter. 
If you are doing it on a historical accounting basis. 
Management: 
It's very small right now. ₹24 Cr is very small in the overall scheme of 
things, as far as new initiatives is concerned. But yes, you may be right. 
A couple of points here and there. 

                                                                         
 
Page 14 of 26 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. 
Management: 
And on the existing customer disbursals, I mean, that seems to have 
dropped. Our new customers coming into the ecosystem because of 
this product mix. 
I will explain to you in a very fundamental way and leave Naveen to 
answer. Consumer demand is not down; supply is down. 
So, it is not that we are seeing less consumers. It is just the loans 
available to people are far fewer, and we continue to acquire new 
customers. Customers typically experience credit score as a first 
product. So, there we continue to acquire about 5.5 lacs new customers 
every month. That's not down. Secured is not very relevant from the 
number of consumers perspective because the ticket size is very high. 
It's a ₹40 L average ticket size, so that is not a consumer driver. It is a 
disbursal, and then, eventually a revenue driver, but not a number of 
consumers. Number of consumers is more credit score driven, which is 
now at about 49.5 mn, and then, of course, some of them unsecured. 
Some of them take credit cards, some of them take some of the other 
products. Secured is not a number of consumer drivers. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just one small question if I can squeeze in. Your yields on the insurance 
business seems to have gone up. So, is this more of a function of mix 
change, or if you can give some color on that? 
Management: 
It's nothing very dramatic, is what I would say. I think it's fairly within. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thank you, and all the best. 
Management: 
And obviously fresh business might have slightly higher yield than 
renewal business that may have some impact. It's almost flat by the 
way. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Right. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you, Dipanjan. We'll take the next question from Neeraj, UBS. 
Neeraj, please unmute yourself. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Hi team. So, I just saw in one slide that we have entered into FLDG 
arrangement with one of the partners. Can we elaborate more on that? 
Management: 
Yes, so Naveen will answer this. But I will just give you a very quick detail 
as board authorized it. One partner because of lack of supply in the 
market. We went in for this the way we are reporting our revenue, we 

                                                                         
 
Page 15 of 26 
 
are assuming that the FLDG; whatever we have promised in the FLDG. 
We've lost it at the at the beginning itself. That's the assumption. So, if 
we don't lose anything, it'll come back. I don't think I should give out 
the exact number. I think Naveen just stopped me from saying that. But 
yes, we've 100% provisioned on day one.  
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
To restrict it, only secured business, or even unsecured? 
Management:  
No, it's unsecured. You don't need FLDG for secured. 
Yes, it's with one partner. The rationale was to try and work with them 
and see how the profitability plays out over a 36-38 month, which is a 
typical tenure of a personal loan. This allowed us to expand the 
segment which was our objective. We've taken a much lower FLDG than 
the allowed threshold by the regulator, and, like Yashish mentioned, we 
are provisioning that fully. As we kind of do the business, we've already 
seen. So, this was the end of December, we've already seen the 
expansion of the segment happen in January because of that category. 
Management: 
From a revenue reporting perspective, please appreciate it, there is no 
further risk. It is not like anything else is coming, whatever we have 
provide put, we have already written it off and if it comes back is only 
positive, and it is helping us expand the category. We may or may not 
do more of it. We'll see there'll be two filters that we will use to consider 
any other proposal. One would be that either it helps us expand the 
segment and expand the number of consumers we can go to and test it 
out along with the partner. The second would be to expand the margin. 
So, if it's fitting one of those two objectives, then we would consider it 
and take it through the process of board, approval, etc, before we go 
live. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
And is the unit economics higher than the normal unit economics in this 
category. 
Management: 
Unit economics are very similar. Like, I said this particular deal. The 
objective was to expand the segment. So, by expansion or we've seen 
the higher disbursal growth. But unit economics is similar to what it 
would have been without the FLDG. 
Just wanted to clarify net of FLDG, your economics is similar. But I think 
, it's a specific deal. I don't think we should comment too much on that 
particular deal in terms of its profitability, loss to us, etcetera. 

                                                                         
 
Page 16 of 26 
 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Sure, and in terms of Pb Connect which we are now entering. POSP 
model into Paisabazaar. How is the unit economics? And can it be 
scalable significantly from here? Again, it will be like similar to insurance 
POSP model, where , the margins will be low for a very long period of 
time. 
Management: 
 Yes. So almost all the points that you mentioned in your comment. It's 
very, very scalable. The opportunity is very high. We've seen it over the 
last few years, and PB Partners has kind of shown the path there that in 
secured especially home loans and LAP, there is a lot of business that's 
out there which requires physical processes and fulfilment. And it's 
very, very distributed. And spread across multiple partners. So, we're 
trying to build a platform to bring all of them together. As we build the 
scale, it will continue to be low margin. Currently, it's at negative 
margin, small negative margin like Yashish mentioned, and the 
objective would be again as we scale it up and bring more efficiencies 
and bring more smaller distributors the margin should continue to 
improve, and at some point, like PB Partners, has reached. Now it gets 
into the positive contribution zone. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Sure. 
Management: 
Yes and secured is quite cyclical. So, we're building this strategically. So 
that cyclicality goes down. That's one of the primary reasons why we're 
building this. And of course, it also includes an influence with partners, 
because suddenly we do large volumes with them. As you can see, it is 
already 1.4 times the unsecured business in terms of overall disbursal. 
And it's going to grow quite rapidly. So that's the other part like POSP 
build our relationships. This should also build our relationships with 
partners. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
 Got it, and last question, if I may squeeze in is on the cost 
rationalization we talked about in the last call that we might free up 
some of you know, on the capacity on Paisabazaar given slower growth 
so wanted an update on that. 
Management: 
Some of it has happened. But , when you do that, it doesn't reflect 
immediately, because there are, , processes, etc. You'll see some effect 
of it now onwards, like from December onwards started coming, and a 
lot more impact will come from April onwards. That's not really doing 
anything else. It's just we've got empty offices right now. So those 
empty offices we've given notices to leave those offices. But you can't 

                                                                         
 
Page 17 of 26 
 
just leave them right. Your accounting still takes the costs, whether 
they're empty or fulfilled. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
So how much savings, if we can quantify, we will be able to add, 
Management: 
We once we do the exercise, we'll update you. And maybe Rasleen can 
update on that. We haven't quite done the exact exercise but just to put 
in perspective. May may sound a bit odd, And that's a lot of seats. So, if 
you do a per seat analysis a seat typically costs about 8-10k per month. 
I'd leave it there. But. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Got it. This is helpful. Thank you. Yashish. 
Management: 
Thank you, Neeraj. We'll take the next question from Nischint 
Chawathe, Kotak. Please unmute yourself. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Hi, 3Q was a weak quarter for life, , as you mentioned. And I think 
you've capacitated for more. But volumes were a little weaker. Just 
curious. How are you looking at 4th quarter? Have you sort of made 
similar investments. And any feelers that you have from insurance 
companies. 
Management: 
First of all, maybe I've given the wrong impression here. Our life 
business grew at more than 40%. Just putting that out there, so I should 
not give the wrong impression that it's been a weak quarter or anything 
of that sort. The only thing is in savings, we had got used to 100% 
growth YoY. Our health and term businesses have grown exactly as 
expected, and that is a reflection of the market that the savings 
business has been, but it's still decent growth over last year. Even if I 
look at current, I don't see any challenge in , giving what our usual 
projections are, as growth. Only for the savings business, and of course, 
health in terms should outdo that. No point giving any specific guidance 
here. But that's how I see it. I think, savings, we're okay.  
If the if you are selling unit link products, and if the market is soft there 
will be some impact. I think that's what we are seeing. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
 Just moving on to the non-life part. The regulator has asked the 
insurance players to move to 1/n formula. Obviously, you're not part of 
it. So, your premium numbers continue to be the way you've been 
doing it in the past. But have they changed the commission structures? 
Have they deferred the commissions for long term policies. 

                                                                         
 
Page 18 of 26 
 
Management: 
I think we would prefer not to discuss commissions. Obviously, we are 
part of the industry. We follow all the rules and regulations as per the 
industry. And  we continue to do that. See Policybazaar is not a 
commission-hungry platform. I think we are more focused on number 
of customers, good & better-quality products, more affordable pricing, 
better service. So, I think, yes, it's not really clashing right now, with that 
approach. And the data proof. If you want data-based proof that, we 
are saying, we're not commission hungry. But actually, we must be 
commission hungry. That's how everybody is supposed to be. Just look 
at the data from the day of the IPO till today. Our premium is about 6 
times higher but our commissions are exactly the same. Obviously a 6 
times larger player with larger market share should have been able to 
attract higher commissions. If , if they wanted to muscle into it, or 
something of that sort. That's not our intent here. That's never been 
our intent. We are exactly where we were. We are getting the same 
commission today as we were getting when we were 6 times lower, and 
even when we were 30 times lower, we're getting the same 
commission. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
 Sure, got it. Thank you very much, and all the best. 
Management: 
See, read us very clearly. We are growth-of-premium-hungry. We are 
not growth of commission hungry. I know that at some level from a 
financial perspective, that sounds very stupid. But I think at another 
level, it's very smart. We really want to be large in our impact. That's 
all. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Management: 
 Thank you, Nischint. We'll take the next question from Sanketh Godha, 
Avendus. Sanketh, please unmute yourself. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. Probably the question is on 
similar lines. So out of the total health, what we do, what portion is long 
term. Say, 3-year indemnity health you sell. And just if you were getting 
upfront. Whether you were recognizing commission on deferred basis, 
or on accounting basis you were recognizing on deferred basis, or you 
are recognizing on cash basis. So that that's the only thing I wanted to 
check. 
Management: 
 So, I'll give you a very simple answer to this. We have renewals, and we 
have fresh. Overall when you look at it. It all evens out because if you 

                                                                         
 
Page 19 of 26 
 
are doing 3 year business, then your renewals from the last 2 years will 
not come up as renewals. So eventually, when you look at it, it's not a 
big impact to anyone, at least as far as we are concerned. I'd leave it 
there for now. We don't want to go to very specifics of  how much is 3 
year, how much is 2 year, etc. What I can say is our 3 year, and this is 
important. Our 3 year in the last 18 months has been lower than our 3 
years in the previous 18 months. And this is important. So that you 
know that our number of transactions actually growing. It's not like 
we're growing because we've had some 3 year story, or something of 
that sort. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. And just on the contribution margin on the core business. Last 
year, if you see, on an average, you reported around 44 45% 
contribution margin on the core business. But now that number every 
quarter in in the current year at least seems to be dipping today, it is at 
40 or 41 odd percentage. So just wanted to understand, is it largely 
because of Paisa or is it largely because health has done very well? So 
just wanted to understand. How do you see. 
Management: 
You are absolutely right. Health has done very well. Health takes away 
about 3 to 4 percentage points. Let me explain to you in a very simple 
terms. When a business continues to grow for 18 months, 2 years it 
scales up compared to the other businesses. So if you take everything 
ex health, it is growing downwards of, . Maybe it's growing at 35, 40%. 
Right? And health has been growing at 55, 60, 65%. So let's say, it's 
growing at about 25% more than the rest of the business. Essentially, 
on that, you're making 0 compared to 45% that you were making on 
the overall piece earlier, right? And that affects you. Of course, your 
renewal piece is also coming in. That helps you, plus. 
We have explained to you that on the we put a little extra effort in trying 
to get sales on the savings side. And we anticipated a hundred percent 
growth. Maybe we got a 40% 50% growth, it wasn't 100, that was all. 
And I think if you think about it over the multiple years Policybazaar has 
been in that 42-44-45% range and these changes are very minor 
compared to so all. All I'm saying, is. Yes, you might want to worry about 
them. That's your choice. If you want to hear me say it - don't get fussed 
by this too much. It is largely some new health happening, some little 
investment here and there. Whenever we want to, which is going to be 
at any point, we can always take this a few percentage points up very 

                                                                         
 
Page 20 of 26 
 
quickly. And that's just a question of when do you get into a into a 
slightly lesser growth mode. It's not anytime now. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, and lastly, given you have a very strong health growth in the 
current year we as it flows to the next year in in the. 
Management: 
The market is growing at 10-12%, we are growing at like a multiple of 
the market growth. It's not like we are the only ones trying. Everybody 
is trying. So, I think Sarbvir is spot on. I don't think we can focus on, this 
quarter, you had this profit or last quarter. That has to be seen over 
multiple years, and I'd say, draw your attention - there's a very 
interesting slide that Rasleen puts out right, which has a 4 quarter 
rolling average. Actually, if you look at that 4 quarter average which has 
gone through various cycles, right of different businesses going at 
different rates. You can see the very steady progression that we've been 
able to maintain for the last 3 years, and I think that is perhaps the right 
thing to focus on. You know, because one quarter here and there is very 
hard to explain also, actually, sometimes. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, got it. And lastly, one small thing, my back of the envelope 
calculation suggests that probably if a retail health in insurance industry 
size is around ₹10,000 C,r you, you are probably at 23 to 25% market 
share on new what industry is generating. If you're already at 25-26% 
market share, there is a meaningful, more scope to gain market share 
or incrementally, the growth might be not be 3 x of the industry, maybe 
a little lower than the industry average. 
Management: 
 Yes, I don't think it's a market share problem anymore. I don't want to 
get into what our exact market share is, and whether what you're saying 
is correct or not correct. But I'm saying it's not a market share problem 
anymore. I think all of us need the industry to grow. And for all of us, 
for the industry to grow, certain things need to fall in place. And we are 
part of the solution. We will be a larger and larger part of the solution, 
because we want to be. And I think we are being welcomed by the 
industry for that reason. As a seller, as a solution provider as a bearer 
of new business, I think from many perspectives we are coming at it. 
But the whole idea is to have a steady industry which grows a lot. I think 
the industry is currently facing a challenge right that the growth is being 
restricted by the trust in the industry you're seeing, , parliamentary 
conversations, this, that, and the other. There is a belief that, , claims is 
a hard process, and I again don't want to get into. I think that problem 

                                                                         
 
Page 21 of 26 
 
does need solutions. And as I said, we are part of the solution. So, we 
allow growth to happen because we allow claims to be settled better. 
And I think that is the biggest part of our proposition. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Thanks. Thanks for the answers. 
Management: 
 But a simple, a simple way to think about. It is only 4 Cr people in India 
today have health insurance, all said and done whether you even come 
to the middle class. The middle class alone is perhaps 20-30 Cr. So you 
have a lot of people who don't have health insurance yet. And I'm 
talking about lives. I'm not talking at number of policies. I'm on the 
retail side, and I'm not really talking about 140 Cr Indians. Right? I'm 
just talking about the whatever 30, 30, 40 Cr middle class. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes. Got it? Thanks. Thanks for the answer. 
Management: 
 Thank you, Sanketh. We'll take the next question from Srinath, 
Bellwether. Please unmute yourself. 
Srinath V: 
 Hi, guys, I just wanted to understand, how are the performance 
marketing costs trending. My assumption is that, our growth in health 
and term has largely been driven by conversions , may not be that much 
of upper funnel growth. 
Srinath V: 
 So would the performance marketing cost, , as a percentage of revenue 
or premiums. Have they seen a significant reduction given that, , health 
insurance has seen significant growth over the last 2 years 
Srinath V: 
Question on this would be, I would like to understand how persistency 
in health insurance renewals is playing out in the context that in the 
base last year, already health insurance growth had taken off. So just 
wanted to get a feel if how persistency is broadly trending. Yes, these 
are my 2 questions on Policybazaar. 
Management: 
 I'll just answer the 1st part. Whenever we have to advertise on Google 
or any performance, marketing or anything else, we are another 
commodity player with a brand. So we are slightly more efficient than 
anybody else. We're probably 2 times more efficient than anybody else, 
because it's a recognized brand. But our primary way of growing is 
brand, which is that people come to us without us having to spend on 
performance marketing, and that is the bulk of our business, and 
specifically on health and term, that is the large part of our business. I 
also just want to explain to you on performance marketing that you 

                                                                         
 
Page 22 of 26 
 
have to understand it's an auction platform, right? Google is at the end 
of day, an auction platform, and while we are obviously going to be a 
more efficient player than anyone else, given our brand, given our 
experience in conversion, having multitude of choices, it is our job to 
keep pressing the pedal. We would not like to leave room on that side 
for anyone to find efficiency right? So you should expect that whatever 
we can do to get the lead, we will do. Because, as Yashish explained, 
our majority of our business is coming from our direct side, so that 20% 
business or so that we're getting from performance, I would never want 
to leave anything on the table, because that is essentially leaving 
oxygen for someone else. So that we will never do. As far as renewal 
rates are concerned, very happy to tell you that in December, and we 
look at it on a number of policies basis, because I think that's the most 
important number both our 1st year renewal and our second year 
renewal onwards are at the highest rates that we've ever had. And 
again, this is because obviously, our team has done a phenomenal job. 
The products that we have introduced with our insurance partners over 
the last few years, , we've been talking about the modular products. 
They have this feature that the no claim bonus increases rapidly every 
year, and that, as you can imagine, acts as sort of a barrier to leaving 
that product, and hence we have seen, , our renewal rates, and I think 
we have room to grow in terms of improving our renewal rate 
persistency. All the work that we do on the service side should finally 
translate to higher and higher renewal rates. I think that's a fairly 
straightforward equation. 
Srinath V: 
 Fantastic congratulations on that. On Paisa. Just one question. There's 
this number in our presentation monthly inquiries that number has 
actually seen a significant growth. Wanted to clarify or understand what 
drives that particular metric. Monthly Inquiries. 
Management: 
 I think that should be a typo. Apologies for that. That should be 
quarterly inquiries. It should not be monthly. 
Srinath V: 
 Okay. Thank you. Congratulations on a good set of numbers, guys. 
Thanks. 
Management: 
 Thank you, Srinath. We'll take the next question from Nidesh Jain, 
Investec. Nidesh, please unmute yourself. 

                                                                         
 
Page 23 of 26 
 
Nidhesh Jain: 
 Thanks for the opportunity. The 2 questions. Firstly, if you can share 
contribution margin and EBITDA margin for credit business for the core 
credit business. 
Management: 
 It's in line with the overall core business so roughly in the forties, and 
the overall EBITDA margin is 9%. 
Nidhesh Jain:   
On the on the credit side, core credit side. 
Management: 
 EBITDA margin is 9% and contribution is 45%. So it's actually more 
efficient than Policybazaar, because there's also a factor of the NPV of 
Policybazaar. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
 Secondly, what would be your market share on new health side? 
Management:   
We don't discuss that.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
 Sure, and lastly, just a comment that if you, if you can share the renewal 
rates the way you have shared in DRHP 
Management: 
I'll explain to you. We're not cagey about this. Our mindset has shifted. 
Our mindset has shifted from Policybazaar should be big towards the 
industry should be big. We know that if the industry is big, then we will 
also be big.  So would our partners be big. I think that works for 
everybody. That's really how we are thinking about it. And I think for 
that, fundamental problems need to be solved. We have deep 
problems. It's not an easy problem to solve for any nation as far as 
healthcare is concerned. Andwe hope we're going to be part of the 
solution.  
We'll look into it. We'll probably try and share it in the future. 
Nidhesh Jain:   
Sure. Sure. Thank you. That's it for my side. 
Management: 
 Thank you. We'll take the next question from Madhukar Ladha, 
Nuvama. Please unmute yourself. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi! Good evening. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Your 
contribution margin has been lower. But if I look at your adjusted 
EBITDA margin for the existing business that has improved so there has 
been a pretty good control over cost. The indirect cost. 
Management:   
Don't say that. You're making my life harder. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
But and this is despite you telling us that you mentioned 1,200 to 1,500 
vacant seats. So , I wanted to understand what is really driving this and 

                                                                         
 
Page 24 of 26 
 
, when do we see either we eliminating some of these seats, or we 
filling up these seats for. 
Management: 
 Don't take it too seriously. We've already given the notice to the real 
estate Guy, that we are getting rid of those seats. So the offices will get 
emptied by April. Notices are playing out. And , financing costs coming 
down hopefully. Don't take them too seriously. Yes, it'll have some 
impact, and you'll see it by April. We did over plan a bit, and the 
requirement was much lower. Finally, so that's what I would say, and no 
our OFC (other fixed costs) are not low. Please don't get that wrong. 
Our revenue has increased by the percentage OFC will look low. Of 
course, if your revenue is going 45%. Thank God, our OFC is not growing 
at 45% there. But I just want to explain to you that our marketing, 
actually, our television in Q3 was higher, significantly higher than last 
year, because we were on air all 3 months, many times in Diwali we 
don't. That month we reduce our spend significantly, but this time we 
were on air 3 months, so I would say that , whatever be Yashish's view 
on the cost. But as far as the numbers reflect, the fact is that  this 
quarter, we were able to leverage our fixed cost quite effectively. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Yes, because, , when I look at when I back out the fixed costs or indirect 
cost between, , contribution and adjusted EBITDA margin for 6 months, 
there's a growth of about 12.5%. But for 9 months there's actually a 
decline, on a year over year basis. Is this sustainable? Because then , 
that could lead to a higher margin expansion. Q4. And beyond. So how 
should we think about this, and what is driving this. 
Management: 
Yes, I would look at it more on a long-term basis. Yes, we try to maintain, 
as we've always mentioned, that we would like to keep our fixed cost 
growing, , significantly slower than our revenue. And again, I would say, 
3 months is not the right way to look at it. But yes, over a period of time 
that should happen, and we'll see how it goes.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
 Got it. And also coming back to this,  whole thing by the regulator of , 
accounting for long term policies on 1/n basis, are we changing our 
strategy in in any way?  
Management: 
We are not so small there like, honestly, we're not. We're not so small 
that we would change our strategy basis, some commission payout or 
something of that sort. No, not at all. We want to be big in health. We 
will continue to be big in health. We will continue to do 3 year plans, 2 
year plans, one year plan everything. In fact, if I was to say from a 

                                                                         
 
Page 25 of 26 
 
competitive perspective, it is a huge advantage to Policybazaar, right? 
Because as a player, we are very keen to go down that direction of 
investing in our growth. Not everybody can invest in growth. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And as an insurance broker, I would tend to believe that it's always 
better for you to sell a 3 year plan over a 1 year plan right? Because it 
guarantees you persistency upfront or reduces lapse rats. 
Management: 
 When you look at a 10-year view and because we have the data 
thankfully of the last 10 years, the numbers, it basically becomes Even 
Stevens. There are lots of factors. And, it's a more detailed 
conversation. There are lots and lots of factors that go into this this 
decision. But over a 10 year period of the same story, whether you sell 
one Year Plan or 10 Year Plan becomes the same thing. A 3-Year Plan 
will have one decision point at the end of 3 years, which will have a 
higher drop than, a continuous drop that there'll be. There'll be lots of 
complexity. It's a long conversation. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
 Okay, got it. And can you just give me your renewal premium for the 
platform business and for the new initiative separately. 
Management: 
Our core business on renewals is about about ₹2,050 Cr. 
Management:   
That's our renewal premium. ₹2,042 Cr. That's only core. 
Management:   
And all the new businesses put together about ₹500 Cr more. 
Management: 
 Which means we had an ARR of about 24,000 Cr about half is fresh. A 
little more than half is fresh. About 50, 57% is fresh. 43% is renewals, 
which is a great place to be. If your new business is more than your 
renewals, because that means you're really growing fast. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
 Understood. Thank you, all the best. 
Management: 
Thank you, Madhukar. We'll take the last question from Rina Mehta, 
Trident Capital. Reena, please unmute yourself. 
Rina Mehta: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers and thank you for 
providing this opportunity. So, I have basically 3 questions, what is your 
market share in the incremental life business within the industry; 
another is like, how big is your saving business for you now in terms of 
premium. And the 3rd is, what is your agent productivity like? If you 
break down your growth between your agent, product, agent, growth 
and productivity growth. 

                                                                         
 
Page 26 of 26 
 
Management: 
 We don't discuss market share, as you would have heard on the call. I 
think it's not a necessarily a very relevant metric. Obviously, our term 
market share is more than our I would say, savings market share. We 
are obviously a big source of term business for the industry. So, I think 
that will be a disproportionately high share for us as compared to the 
overall industry, and I think the last point you asked was about agent 
productivity. And thing I would say, this varies by quarter because we 
build scale for the season. So, what happens is that the 1st 2 quarters 
typically, we build agents size and numbers and etc, etc. And then we 
try to convert. Obviously, the back half of the year. We tend to do better 
in terms of productivity. So, I would say in Q3, it was similar that yes, 
productivity was not as good as we would have hoped to be. Because, 
like you said, we had just set very ambitious growth targets but other 
than that, I would say largely it would be 50 50 in Q3 and in Q4. I think 
it will be higher on the productivity side than on the growth side, 
because we will not add capacity in Q4. 
Rina Mehta: 
 Okay. So, then it is better to assume like, if you expect to grow 30, then 
you will be adding 30% more agents or employees will bring business 
for you, or there will be the existing agent who will be more productive 
and can bring 30% more business. 
Management: 
I think it's a mixture of both. It's not an exact science in that sense, 
because what also happens - it depends. If you're opening a new center, 
it's a different geography versus existing geography. So overall we look 
at, we assume a certain productivity growth of existing people. And 
then we do our capacity planning and typically we are not aiming for 
30% growth. We are aiming for much higher growth. So, there is an 
element of always having to add capacity as we go along. 
Rina Mehta: 
 Okay? And if you can say that, how big is the saving business in terms 
of percentage of total premium right now. 
Management:   
We don't discuss that. 
Rina Mehta: 
 
Okay. Okay, sure. No problem. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. Everyone. I really appreciate your 
patience. Listening in until quite late. And once again apologies for the 
late start.  
Take care. Have a good evening. 
