WABAG 
An ISO 9001 Company 
February 17, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: WABAG 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
BSE Limited, 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 533269 
Sub: Transcript of the 'Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Conference Call' 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of the 'Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Conference Call' held on 
Tuesday, February 11, 2025, post declaration of Unaudited Financial Results (both standalone 
and consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and nine months period ended December 
31, 2024. 
This intimation is filed pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46 read with Part A of Schedule III 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
The Transcript of the 'Q3 & 9M FY25 Results Conference Call' is also available on the 
Company's website at www.wabag.com.
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
For VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
Anup Kumar Samal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F4832 
Encl.: As above 
Sustainable solutions, for a better life 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
CIN : L45205TN1995PLC030231 
WA BAG "WABAG HOUSE" 
No.17, 200 Feet Thoraipakkam - Pallavaram Main Road, 
Sunnambu Kolathur, Chennai - 600 117, India. 
Board : +91-44-6123 2323 
Fax 
: +91-44-6123 2324 
Email : wabag@wabag.in 
Web : www.wabag.com 
ANUP 
KUMAR 
SAMAL
Digitally signed by ANUP KUMAR SAMAL 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=59cac15eefeb45778f26d80212ea49e1, 
2.5.4.20=2f08e2a4abd03cf834087d0169b8295db945
b73a74bab7f34c29fd5496859827, 
postalCode=600091, st=Tamil Nadu, 
serialNumber=26a2e917225a7e97909c27b92ba3e35
6c8947696ef734eb423b8137492e67dee, cn=ANUP 
KUMAR SAMAL 
Date: 2025.02.17 14:59:29 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“VA Tech Wabag Limited Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV MITTAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
MR. SKANDAPRASAD SEETHARAMAN – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
MR. SHAILESH KUMAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
INDIA CLUSTER, VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Good evening, and welcome everyone to this Earnings Call Post-Announcement of Q3 & 9M 
FY25 results of VA Tech Wabag Limited. 
On the call today from the Management Team, we have Mr. Rajiv Mittal – Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Skandaprasad Seetharaman – Group Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Shailesh Kumar – Chief Executive Officer, India Cluster. 
Kindly note that during this call, the Company may make certain forward-looking statements 
concerning the business prospects and profitability, which may be subject to risks and 
uncertainties, and the actual results may materially differ from those in such forward-looking 
statements. 
This conference call will be archived, and the transcription will be made available on the 
Company's website. The Company's Results Update Presentation has been uploaded on the 
Website and Stock Exchanges, which provides an overview about the core offers and analysis 
of the results for this period. We trust that you had an opportunity to look through the same.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
We will start with the “Opening Remarks” from the Management, post which we will open up 
for the interactive question-and-answer session. 
I now hand it over to Mr. Mittal to take you all through the “Key Business Highlights”. Over to 
you, Mr. Mittal. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We extend a very warm welcome to you all to 
this Earnings Call, Post-Announcement of Q3 & 9M FY25 results of VA Tech Wabag Limited. 
Your continued support and engagements are crucial to our growth journey, and we appreciate 
your presence today. 
Joining me today for this Earnings Call is Mr. Skandaprasad Seetharaman – our Group CFO; 
and Mr. Shailesh Kumar – our CEO for India Cluster. 
I would like to begin with the great news. India Rating and Research, a Fitch Group Company 
has upgraded Wabag's long-term rating to Ind AA- with a ‘Stable’ outlook. This milestone 
further strengthens stakeholders' confidence and reaffirms our position as a trusted global leader 
in water technology. 
We continue our growth trajectory into our financial performance over the past 9 months, 
reflecting our focus on delivering profitable growth through expanding our presence in 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
international markets, strengthening our foothold in Industrial segment, advancing our expertise 
in cutting-edge water technology projects, growing our engineering and procurement business, 
and enhancing our focus on long-term O&M contracts. 
Consistent with our strategy, nearly half of this 9 months revenue has come from international 
geographies. Our Operation and Maintenance business contributed 19% and we continue to 
maintain a healthy revenue mix of about 70-30 between Municipal and Industrial segments. As 
a global leader in advanced water technology, our order intake is primarily focused on 
desalination, water re-use and re-cycle effluent treatment projects. 
With our continued focus on emerging markets and efforts of our agile go-to-market teams, we 
have secured 4 significant orders in the last quarter, 2 from Middle East, 1 from Africa, and 1 
from India.  
We have secured a significant consortium order worth approximately INR 3,251 crores for 200 
MLD Al Haer Independent Sewage Treatment Plant in Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. This 
project is being developed by Miahona Company in partnership with Marafiq, and N.V. Besix 
S.A. for Saudi Water Partnership Company, the principal off-taker for water and wastewater 
projects in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
Wabag is a technology partner and also leader of consortium, will design and build the plant 
while consortium member, Mutlaq Al-Ghowairi Contracting Company will undertake the scope 
of laying the transmission pipeline and construction of reservoirs. 
We were awarded this repeat order by Miahona Company Consortium, a respected client, 
recognizing our 4 decades legacy in Middle East, our technically superior proposal and our 
proven execution capabilities. This order win, marks another key milestone for us in Saudi 
Arabia and reinforces our leadership position in Middle East region. 
Wabag has further strengthened its O&M portfolio by securing 7 years operation and 
maintenance order worth approximately INR 121 crores for BAPCO Refining Industrial 
Wastewater Treatment Plant in the Kingdom of Bahrain. With this order win, Wabag has 
reinforced its technological excellence and unwavering commitment to deliver world-class water 
solutions to the oil and gas sector globally.  
We have secured a prestigious design, build and operate order in Zambia, worth approximately 
INR 700 crores from Lusaka Water Supply and Sanitation Company. This project is 
multilaterally funded by the European Investment Bank and KfW of Germany. The engineering 
procurement and construction phase will be completed in 36 months, followed by 24 months of 
operation and maintenance. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
We have recently, also secured an order from Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited towards 
design, engineering, supply, fabrication, installation and commissioning of desalination water 
pipeline, will further strengthen our industrial water portfolio. The project is worth INR 145 
crores to be completed in 12 months.  
During our Q2 call, we had informed you all that Wabag is a preferred bidder status for projects 
worth approximately INR 3,500 crores. We are pleased to report that we have already secured 
75% of these opportunities into confirmed order. We remain on track with our target and expect 
more orders in the coming months. With a robust order book exceeding INR 14,200 crores, we 
maintain a healthy mix of 58% EPC and 42% O&M projects, and a 40-60 split between domestic 
and international projects, with most contracts having secured payment terms. Further, our 
strong order book and pipeline visibility instills confidence in our ability to continue to grow 
and create long-term value for our stakeholders in the years to come. 
Looking ahead, we are further enhancing our presence and efforts in the emerging markets like 
Middle East, Africa, Indian sub-continent, Southeast Asia and CIS countries.  
I would also like to share some updates on our key project. Our prestigious 400 MLD Perur 
Desalination Project in Chennai, funded by JICA is progressing well. Engineering activities are 
in the advanced stage, deliveries of equipment’s have commenced, and civil work is progressing 
in full swing.  
Year 2024 marks a milestone for Wabag as we celebrate our 100th anniversary. We commence 
the centenary celebration with a grand event in Vienna in August 2024, followed by mega event 
in Riyadh in September 2024 and in Delhi in November 2024. The grand celebration to conclude 
the series of centenary events, we held across the world will be hosted in this month in Chennai, 
where we will honour our customers, business partners, bankers, stakeholders for their 
unwavering support. 
As we move forward, Wabag remains steady fast on its commitment to build on its century-old 
legacy, driving excellence in water treatment sector. By integrating innovation, cutting-edge 
technology, and strategic resilience, we continue to develop advanced sustainable solutions that 
address the world's growing water challenges. 
Our expertise in high technology water treatment enables us to provide state-of-the-art systems 
for municipalities and industries, ensuring access to clean water and safe water.  
With strong focus on sustainability, digital transformation and operational efficiency, we are 
well positioned to expand our global footprint, foster long-term partnerships and contribute to a 
water-secure future for generations to come.  

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
I extend my sincere gratitude to our investors, partners and stakeholders for their continued trust 
and confidence in Wabag. Your support drives us forward as a global leader in the water sector.  
Now I hand it over to Skanda to take us through the “Financial Highlights”. Over to you, Skanda. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
Thank you, Mr. Mittal. Good evening, everyone. I hope you have had a chance to review our 
Result Update Presentation, which has been shared on our Website and with the Stock 
Exchanges. 
I would like to reiterate and share the happiness expressed by Mr. Mittal about the upgrade of 
our long-term rating to AA- with a ‘Stable’ outlook. This upgrade strengthens our market 
perception, increases business opportunities and reinforces stakeholders trust, positioning the 
Company for sustainable growth and success. It is worth noting that we are already rated highest 
in the short-term rating at A1+. 
We have experienced consistent rating and outlook upgrades over the last 4 rating cycles which 
reflects Wabag leadership in the water treatment sector, strong revenue visibility, continued 
focus on profitability and cash, and an asset-light approach.  
Before diving into the numbers, I am pleased to highlight that we continue to progress on our 
profitable growth trajectory, with PAT growing at a rate faster than revenue, in line with our 
long-term strategy. This reinforces the resilience of our business model, our strategic focus on 
high-margin projects and our disciplined execution approach. 
Further, with a strong order book as of December 2024 and robust pipeline visibility, we are 
confident in our ability to sustain revenue and profit expansion, while maintaining our net cash 
positive position as we enter the last quarter of this fiscal year. 
Now let me quickly walk you through our “Performance Highlights”: 
Our consolidated revenue for the 9 months ended December 31, 2024, stood at INR 2,138 crores 
growing over 11% year-over-year. Standalone revenue for the same period stood at INR 1,835 
crores. 
Our consolidated EBITDA for 9M FY25 stood at INR 289 crores which grew by around 11% 
year-over-year. Standalone EBITDA for the 9M FY25 stood at INR 264 crores. We have 
successfully maintained healthy EBITDA margins, aligned with our medium term outlook. This 
is a direct reflection of operational efficiency and disciplined product execution, a well-balanced 
mix of EP, industrial and international projects and a growing contribution from our high margin 
O&M business. 
Consolidated PAT for 9M stood at INR 196 crores with a PAT margin of 9.2% growing at over 
13% year-over-year. Standalone PAT for 9M stood at INR 172 crores. As part of our strategy to 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
reduce our exposure in the European region, we have divested 3 European subsidiaries in the 
last 2 years which has further enabled us to channelize our focus and resources to the emerging 
markets. On like-to-like basis excluding European divested entities, our consolidated EBITDA 
for 9M grew by 14% year-over-year, and the consolidated PAT for 9M grew by 17% year-over-
year. 
We are proud to report that Wabag has remained a net cash positive company for 4 consecutive 
years, and this quarter marks the 8th consecutive quarter of maintaining a net cash positive 
position, driven by our disciplined cash flow management and prudent debt control. As of 
December 2024, our net cash position stands at INR 262 crores, excluding debt on HAM entities 
which is transitory in nature. 
Considering asset-light strategy, our net cash stood at INR 379 crores. We closed 9M with a 
gross cash position of INR 659 crores. Our strong cash reserves enable us to infuse necessary 
funds into projects, expediting execution timelines. You would remember that we have secured 
the approval of shareholders for borrowing limits up to INR 6,000 crores to meet the next wave 
of growth and order book expansion. 
We already have bank limits tied up for INR 4,000 crores, which we expect to increase to INR 
5,000 crores within this fiscal year. We are currently in final discussion with our bankers and 
we believe that the credit rating upgrade will further help us in this process.  
We remain steadfast to our asset-like model delivering a Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) 
of around 18%. We continue to create long-term shareholder value generating a Return on Equity 
(ROE) of 14.5%.  
With the recent order win of Al Haer 200 MLD Independent Sewage Treatment Plant, the order 
book now stands in excess of INR 14,200 crores, and is well diversified across Engineering and 
Procurement - EP, Engineering Procurement and Construction - EPC, and long-term Operation 
& Maintenance - O&M contracts. 
With adequate payment securities, our order backlog is robust and provides clear revenue 
visibility for the coming years. International business continued to remain robust with 48% of 9  
months revenues, delivered by overseas projects. International projects now constitute 40% of 
the order backlog, reaffirming Wabag's strong global presence. 
O&M business continued to grow, now making up 42% of the order book reinforcing our focus 
on stable long-term revenue streams. We will continue our emerging market focus on advanced 
technology projects, particularly in desalination, recycle and reuse and effluent treatments. We 
take this opportunity to express our heartfelt thanks to the bankers, investors, fellow Wabagites 
and all other stakeholders for the continued support extended to us. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
With this, we now open the floor for the interactive question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press “*” and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and 2. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the Management is able to address questions from 
all the participants, please limit your question to 2 per participant. If you have a follow-up 
question, I will request you to re-join the queue.  
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Yes, thank you so much for taking my question. Firstly, I would like to congratulate you on the 
robust order inflow that we have seen this quarter. So, my first question would be on the budget. 
Recently in the budget, it was announced that the Jal Jeevan Mission Project will be moved till 
FY28. Regardless of this, we see minimal activity in this past year in Jal Jeevan, do we expect 
any tenders to open up in this space soon? How do we expect this to pan out, sir? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Okay, a good one. Just to reconfirm, we had spoken this in earlier quarters also. See, directly a 
Jal Jeevan Mission Project is not in our domain area, because these are basically rural water 
supply, which consists of mainly laying thousands and hundreds of kilometers of pipeline. 
As we have told you earlier that strategically we have moved away from sea. We are more into 
engineering and specialized procurement. So, this is not a focus area for us, unless there are 
projects where the groundwater which they are extracting or the surface water which they are 
taking, needs some advanced treatment. Yes, we will take part, but most of the projects are 
basically boreholes, some minimum treatment, disinfection, and then laying kilometers of 
pipeline. So, it is not in our direct domain area.  
Nidhi Shah: 
Thank you. My second question would be on the execution on 2 plants, Chennai and Bangladesh. 
So, in Chennai, we can see that the execution has picked up this quarter. So, how do we expect 
the execution to pan out for the remaining quarter of the year in FY26? And similarly for 
Bangladesh, you had mentioned on the last call that there were temporary disruptions, but the 
project is back on track. 
So, we saw a lumpy execution of this in Q2. But in Q3, again, we are seeing that the execution 
is significantly lower. So, would we expect the execution of this project to happen in such a 
manner itself or can we expect these numbers to change in the remaining quarter and then FY26? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Okay. So, as Mr. Shailesh Kumar is with us, I would allow him to respond to your India Cluster 
question. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Shailesh Kumar: 
So, 2 projects we talked about. 1 is our big desalination project that we are executing. As Mr. 
Mittal said, project is progressing well. We are getting more and more robust in terms of project 
outcome.  
On every compartment, we are working well, engineering, procurement, and construction. It is 
in advanced stage of construction. So, for the next year, the numbers what we are talking about 
or what earlier we talked about, it would be on that line only. We do not see any change on that. 
So, it is steadily progressing, and we are seeing the end of the project as we had initially started.  
Coming to Pagla Project that we are talking, yes, initially, we saw some impact because of the 
geopolitical situation that was emerging there. But we are coming to grips with that. We have 
tried to overcome that situation. Things are getting normal there. And going forward, we would 
be again aligning some derailment, some initial movement away from this. Expected project 
schedule was there, but we are getting back on track, normalcy is returning and next year, we 
would be getting aligned with the number what we had projected. 
Nidhi Shah: 
All right. Thank you so much for taking my questions. I will join the queue for further questions. 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anupam Goswami from SUD Life. Please go 
ahead. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Hello, sir. Sir, my first question is on the margins. We have seen margins dipping about 200 
basis points from the last YoY and also QoQ. What could be the reason in this? And going 
forward, how do we look at? 
And also from the execution point of view, where do we see execution picking up now that the 
order book is pretty much in full and pretty robust? Where do we see the growth in the numbers 
coming? That is all, sir. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
Okay. Anupam, your first question on margins, we had spoken in the past. I would reiterate, we 
are a project company. Please do not look at us quarter over quarter. There are a mix of projects, 
EP, EPC, margins will sway, but we will remain in that window, which we have committed for, 
from a medium-term outlook. So, you would see the 13% to 15% window remaining clear. You 
see the 9 months number that we have last year to current year, we are at 13.5%. That remains 
steady. 
We have also grown our top line by more than 10% now. So, execution is also picking up. Mr. 
Shailesh just mentioned about the 2 top projects, which are getting into the peak of execution, 
like in Chennai, the deliveries have commenced, civil work is in full swing. Pagla, next year, 
you will see expansion. You have seen us announce the Al Haer project in Saudi Arabia. That’s 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
a large project which will also start execution. So, already you are seeing that the top line is 
growing, and in the next year, you will see that it will expand meaningfully.  
I think I have answered both your questions.  
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, and just next year, the execution would be far better, did you mean that? 
Skandaprasad S.: 
Absolutely. It has to be, because we have such a large order book. The revenues will be a 
consequence because we have to execute these projects within a 2-3 year period, and all these 
revenues will pan out as far as EPC is concerned. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Okay. And given our order book is currently skewed towards international 60%, do we see a 
margin in the top range? Let’s say, you said about 13% to 15%. Do we see about 15% given 
international order book?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Inshallah. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Anupam does that answer your question? 
Anupam Goswami: 
Yes. I will join back in the queue. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Unique Stockbrokers. Please 
go ahead.  
Tejas Shah: 
Just wanted to understand on the Bangladesh project, I think the U.S. has stopped aid towards 
Bangladesh. Are we affected in any manner in that Bangladesh project?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Not at all. These are projects which are committed funding from World Bank, and committed 
fundings are not affected by any future decision which U.S. government or anybody will take. 
None of the multilateral agencies, unless there is something very serious, governance issue, they 
never cancel the already approved fundings.  
Tejas Shah: 
Okay. And if you can throw some light on that Saudi Arabia order, I think, which got cancelled 
for some technicalities. If you can throw some light, I have missed out the earlier part of your 
conversation on this thing. So, if you can throw some light on that? And whether we can be able 
to bag it again or how is this? 
Skandaprasad S.: 
See, first of all, there was no order cancellation. It was the tender which went into a re-tendering, 
because the client wanted to change scope, specifications, etc. The tender has been, as we speak, 
re-announced. We are working on the tender. We will have about 8 weeks to submit the tender. 
We will make the submission of the tender. And please let us be very clear in our mind, there 
was no capability issue, there was no technical issue. There was only a customer-related 
decision. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Tejas Shah: 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Where this Jal Jeevan Mission had nothing in favour of your company. See, the recent Delhi 
election, what was talked about and promised by BJP is that there will be a cleaning up of the 
Yamuna riverfront. So, is it possible that there can be a big opportunity in such kind of cleaning 
up of the riverfront? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
It’s not only possible, it is. And we are already doing this Yamuna cleaning under the Yamuna 
Action Plan, we’re part of Yamuna Action Plan 1 and 2, now 3 and 4 will come. We have built 
plants like Kondli. We have built plants like Keshopur, Papankalan and recently Rithala. All this 
is helping to clean the water in Yamuna by discharging treated sewage, rather than untreated 
sewage in River Yamuna. This is right in the center of our domain capability and this is the kind 
of projects we like to work on. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So, what’s the kind of incremental tender that will be required to do the complete clean up?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
We will not guess the number on how much the Government puts the money in Yamuna. How 
much money the government allocates for this budgetary allocation of Yamuna. Whatever they 
allocate, we will be a strong contender for that.  
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay and see, we see a lot of contracts that you get from the developing countries, but is it 
possible that you can go to developed countries and get some orders also?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Why to go to developed countries. It is a question of survival in developed countries. They 
already have the infrastructure developed. Now, what incremental you can get? Some 
renovation, some upgradation. You don’t get green field, large projects what you get in the 
emerging market, where the infrastructure is developing. So, why go to a crowded market with 
no margins, no scope for innovation? We are very happy with our strategy of remaining in the 
emerging markets. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay, thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sabil from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sabil Dabhoya: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on the recent order wins. Sir, previously we 
had called out that the Perur Desal, Pagla- Bangladesh, RIL, IndoSolar projects which are largely 
EPC nature of projects were to be executed in the second half, and we could see that margins 
have dipped a bit. So, how do we think about margin trajectory going forward from here on? 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think one of our friends had asked this question. Our CFO, Skanda replied to that question. Is 
it something specifically you want other than saying quarter on quarter, do not look at margins, 
because it is a mix of projects which determine the margin.  
And when you still look at a 9 months, we like to be seen as at least 2-3 year period Company, 
but even if you see us as 9 months, it is very steady margins. So, some quarters, nobody will ask 
us last quarter why did you do well on the margin. Now, if 1% or 2% is less in this quarter, we 
are getting this question. But at least see us on the 9 months period. Is our margins not good 
enough in the range what we have projected to you in the May last year?  
Sabil Dabhoya: 
Sure sir, understood. And sir, second question was on the dividend policy. Sir, if we can 
elaborate on that part, please. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
We have said in many, many quarters, you are the owners of the Company, you are the 
shareholders of the Company. Our shareholders decide what is the best return on capital on their 
investments they do.  
As a Management, because they trust us in our ability, in our judgment, we take a judgment that 
investing money into the projects is far superior and gives us better return than giving a dividend. 
That's been our judgment and that's how we have worked over the last 3-4 years. Now, if our 
shareholders want dividend and say don't invest into this kind of Namami Gange, HAM Projects, 
we are fine with it. So, it depends where you get a better return on your capital. 
And you have seen over the last 2-3 years, how the Company's performance has improved on 
every single matrix, whether it is EBITDA, whether it's PAT, whether it's cash, whether it's 
RoCE, whether it's RoE, on all fronts, the performance has improved and I think we are on the 
right strategy to give this kind of return to the investors.  
Sabil Dabhoya: 
Understood. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshil Parekh from Acuitas Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Harshil Parekh: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question was, I would like to know what is the order 
bid pipeline where we are the preferred bidder? For example, as of 2nd Quarter, that amount was 
approximately INR 3,500 crores, out of which 75% of them are already confirmed orders. So, I 
would like to know that value as of Q3. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, I think even after booking 75% of INR 3,500 crores, we still fancy our chances to a project 
in next 2-3 months in the range of INR 2,000 crores to INR 2,500 crores.  

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Harshil Parekh: 
Okay, sir. And sir, my next question was that earlier we have communicated that we aspire to 
grow our revenues by around 15% to 20%. And if I look at our 9 months revenue growth, it was 
around some 11%. So are we still confident of achieving that 15% to 20% growth in FY25?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
First thing I want to remind you that these projections were not given for a quarter or 9 months 
or a year. This was given for a medium term, which is 3 to 4 or 3 to 5 years, in our personal 
meeting, which we did in May last year. On that front, we are very, very confident. And 
especially with the kind of order intake we have and the sector, which is looking up, I do not see 
we need to doubt the projections we have given 3 quarters back. So a short answer is yes, we are 
confident. 
Harshil Parekh: 
Sure, sir. And sir, the last final question would be what is our like-to-like revenue growth on a 
9-months basis, excluding the divestment of our subsidiaries? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think this is given in our investor presentation. 
Harshil Parekh: 
Sir, EBITDA and PAT growth is given, but revenue growth is not.  
Skandaprasad S.: 
Revenue growth?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think it is about 10%-11% we have given.  
Skandaprasad S.: 
So, like to like revenue growth would be about 13%. 
Harshil Parekh: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. Thank you.  
Rajiv Mittal: 
9 months to 9 months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jainam Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jainam Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, sir, my first question is could you please give us some details 
on the recently won 200 MLD Saudi Arabia project? What is the execution timeline and what 
kind of gross margins can we expect from these orders? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, it is a 30-months order execution timeline. We have already taken 2 months during the 
limited notice to proceed. Balance, we have 28 months to execute this project. And this is a very 
advanced technology sewage treatment plant, similar to the one we did a couple of years back 
in Jeddah, same technology. So, this is something very new for the Middle East market, and we 
are very confident after the successful operation of Jeddah, that is suitable for this climate and 
the region. And that is one of our success factors for this project. This also gives us a very large 
reference in the GCC market, which is anyway our target market for us. And we definitely see 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
that such projects give us huge exposure and confidence to the clients to consider us for future 
bidding also.  
Jainam Jain: 
Okay, sir. And sir, what are the payment terms for this contract?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think we can take it offline, because I will tell you the payment terms are good, because this is 
funded project. They also know it has to be performed, but you can connect with any of my 
team, because it will take a long time if I have to narrate the whole payment terms of the thing. 
So, we’ll take it offline.  
Jainam Jain: 
Okay, sir. And sir, the next question is on the 300 MLD Saudi Arabia order, which was cancelled 
a few months back. So, what was the reason for the cancellation? Like, was it an operational 
issue or it has something to do with the Wabag? And do we expect the tender to be floated again. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, I think you were on the call when one of our friends asked this question, and our CFO 
responded exactly the same questions you're asking. 
Jainam Jain: 
Okay, sir. Sir, what is the order pipeline looking like for India and abroad for Q4 FY25 and 
FY26? Like, are there any large tenders on the horizon for India? And what is your order inflow 
guidance for FY26?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
We don't give order inflow guidance. We have already given guidance for the medium term on 
all the parameters. And to get all the parameters, order inflow has to grow at that level. Today, 
we have said, even in today's concall, that the market is very bullish, the sector is looking up, 
we are well placed, we are even preferred bidder. So, in short, I would say, it's looking good. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, please limit your question to 2 per participant. If you have a 
follow-up question, I would request you to rejoin the queue. The next question is from the line 
of Mihir Dhami from Sharekhan. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Dhami: 
Sir, last quarter, you had alluded that the second half could see revenues of around INR 2,000 
croresm. So, after the third quarter, do you see a significant pickup in revenues in the fourth 
quarter?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, our fourth quarter revenues are always a bumper quarter. In all the 4 quarters, always fourth 
quarter is the biggest quarter. And I don't have any doubt that this year would be no different. 
Mihir Dhami: 
So, the guidance which you gave is maintained, right?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, yes, obviously. 
Mihir Dhami: 
Okay, all right. Thank you. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Eshwar from ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Eshwar Arumugan: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question, and congratulations on a strong order inflow this 
quarter. So, I would like to know how much would be the ratio of the bid we do for orders and 
how much would we have won? What would be the ratio, sir?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Shailesh will take this question. 
Shailesh Kumar: 
If I tell you specifically, it varies on various conditions, many conditions that win and bid ratio. 
But generally, we have 30% to 40% is the range in which we are bagging the order and that is 
by any industry standard, very phenomenal. But it depends on very many conditions under which 
we are bidding. So, it may vary. But generally, in that range, we are strong.  
Eshwar Arumugan: 
Okay, got it. Sir, can you talk a little bit about the R&D department, what they do? Because the 
CEO earlier alluded that the emerging market, there is a chance for innovation. And plus we 
have 125 plus IP rights. So, is there any more in the pipeline? What is the status of that 
department? If you can throw some light on that part. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think this department still exists. They are still live and kicking and doing some good work. 
And they are continuously improving the existing technology, innovating new technologies, 
commercializing the pilot projects into a prototype. So, this is a continuous exercise. We do not 
stop this work. This is a good work. It gives us an edge in the market with advanced technology. 
We would like to be considered as an advanced technology, pure play, water company. Sorry, 
you are saying something?  
Eshwar Arumugan: 
Your IP is in the pipeline. Sorry for interrupting, sir. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, it is always there. We have a R&D director sitting in Vienna. He decides which of our 
developed technologies we need to apply for a patent or IP or a trademark. And accordingly, he 
is managing that on a day-to-day basis. So, it is not that we have a plan that 3 IPs this year we 
will take or 10 IPs we will take. He takes a decision based on the type of the project, type of the 
technologies we do. 
Plus, this being a centenary year, we have come up with an initiative called Blue Seed. This is 
to help the new startups with the pre-seed and seed capital to encourage them, develop them, not 
only by giving money, but also sharing with them the water technology knowledge, help them 
to perfect their technologies, and also help them in commercializing, because we are present in 
27 countries. So, we can also help them in marketing in those countries. 
Eshwar Arumugan: 
Okay. Thanks a lot, sir, for taking my questions. That’s all I have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. And my first question is, have you heard anything on the 
Mumbai desalination plant? I heard that it is retender, is that right?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Mumbai desalination plant, its last 3 years, is off and on. Yes, it is not the first time it is going 
to be retendered. I hope they will find some interest in it, the way they have structured it. But as 
of now, the way they have structured it, there are no takers for that. So, we have to wait and 
watch how does it develop.  
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. My second question is, of course, you have done very well in the Middle East, 
but the Indian opportunities look like to be very, very low. So, are you seeing the pipeline for 
the Indian project building up? And are you hopeful that some of the new orders, especially on 
Namami Gange 2.0, will likely to take off in FY26? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Surely it has to take off. What we have seen so far is just the tip of the iceberg, because it's only 
we have worked on our Ganga as a river, but we have huge river fronts, which we have to work 
on. And the government has made it very clear what they have started as a good pilot with Ganga. 
They would extend this to all the rivers, whether it's Godavari, Krishna, Brahmaputra, whatever. 
They are going to extend the same model to all rivers. Just imagine if they are extending to all 
these rivers, and also it was announced in the interim budget, 100 cities, they are going to extend 
this HAM model, which they will make sure they are bankable projects.  
I think there's no dearth of opportunities, as I said before, there's enough in this water sector, 
which is looking up and we remain very bullish about it.  
Mohit Kumar: 
Can we see in the medium-term, few tenders getting closed in India, large tenders? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Why not? Keep your fingers crossed, yes, it will happen. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. Thank you and all the best, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashiwani Singh from Statpro Fintech Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ashiwani Singh: 
Yes. Hello. Good evening, sir. Congratulations on your fantastic results. I have 2 questions, but 
you have already answered 1. So just 1 question. So I would like to know what is the goal of 
Wabag, and where do you see yourself in 3 to 5 years time in terms of business value, in terms 
of international expansion, and in terms of your business in India?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
What is the goal of Wabag? See, let me tell you and maybe take this opportunity to share a new 
vision statement, which we have given to our colleagues in Wabag, because it's 100 years. We 
have talked about as a responsible Water Company, conserve water. That is a responsibility we 
have given to ourselves. That means do everything to make sure this limited resource, which we 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
all consider is unlimited, which is not true. It's a myth. It's a very limited resource water. We 
should conserve it. That's the first target we have given to ourselves.  
The second we have said is to protect environment, because if we do the proper treatment, we 
use the right technology. We use green technology. We don't emit out greenhouse gases. All 
these things, if we do well, we are protecting the environment. That's the second target we have 
given ourselves.  
Third, we all have not realized what is the importance of water for a growing economy, for our 
GDP growth. That is another emphasis we have brought in. We have said, we are the guys who 
are going to power the economy. How you are going to power the economy? By making sure 
water is available to commercial and industrial units, uninterrupted, reliable water source at an 
affordable price. This has been our mantra. So, that is what is our contribution to the society.  
Ashiwani Singh: 
Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Hardik Gandhi from HPMG Shares and Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
Yes, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just one single query on the big order which 
we received from Saudi Arabia. So, here the order's number is INR 3,251 crores. So, just a small 
question on that. Is the whole INR 3,251 crores that will be coming on our books or is that the 
contract, and we'll be distributing that amount with our other partners who is forming the pipes 
and infrastructure on the site?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Obviously, we have mentioned that it's a consortium order. It's not a Wabag's order and the other 
partner is a partner, not a subcontractor. So, his revenues will not pass through our books. Neither 
we want it that way, that it's a pass through our books, and just to show our top line. We have 
organized that his revenues will be in his book, our revenue will be in our book. Our order what 
will be passing through our books will be about INR 1,725 crores or something. So, INR 1,725 
crores will be passing through our books and the rest of it. So, about 55% odd should pass 
through our books. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
Understood. Yes, that's just what I wanted to know. Thank you so much, sir. That's it.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Welcome. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dheeraj Ram from Ashika Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead.  

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Hi, thank you for taking up my question. Sir, in recent times, there are a few listed companies 
who are making close to 25% EBITDA margin, and they are in similar segment what we do. So, 
I don't understand what can be the take on this. I would like to understand what's your take.  
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, it's on a lighter side, my friend. We have to learn from these companies. In my 41 years 
career, we have not seen this kind of thing. So, maybe they are doing something which we are 
not aware of. So, maybe they have to answer what they do to make this kind of thing.  
I think in our business, if you make around 14%-15% EBITDA, you are doing well with 
generating free cash flow. That is our aim. That is our target. We are fixed to it. We don't look 
at what others do. I think it's their business. They know what their business model is.  
Dheeraj Ram: 
Got it, sir. Got it. So, I understand we have plenty of opportunities in Saudi Arabia and in other 
Southeast Asian countries. But in U.S., there is something called PFAS initiative that is started 
by the government, due to which companies such as Veolia and Ecolab are grabbing a lot of 
orders there. So, can we expect Wabag also going to bid for those projects anywhere in future?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
No, if you are talking about U.S., no. We have been very clear and very focused on the direction 
we want to go, and that we will have no change of mind. There is no requirement to change the 
mind, because the business opportunities in the emerging world is tremendous. This developed 
world, I think we want to stay away from, till there is a need that we need to go. As of now, there 
is no need that we go to the developed world. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Got it, sir. Thank you.  
Rajiv Mittal: 
The next question is from the line of Nishant Gupta from Minerva Global Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nishant Gupta: 
Hey, so thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to ask a question on the O&M part. So, 
since the O&M would be a recurring kind of revenue, right, you do the EPC work. So, will the 
margins on the O&M side be higher? Like, I understand your guidance for the medium term, but 
typically, what are the margins of the O&M side after you are done with the EPC? 
Shailesh Kumar: 
Yes, I'll take this question. As you rightly said, O&M is a different business, not like EPC, lesser 
risk. And as Skanda told you, we have a good mix of O&M and EPC, and that makes the business 
sustainable. 
As far as margin is concerned, rightfully said, it is more predictable, more in grip. So, margin 
would be slightly higher than the normal EPC. And that is the way we are performing over the 
years, and we foresee that the similar trend will continue to do. It is definitely better than EPC. 
Nishant Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Thank you. And all the best.  

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sani from Axis Securities. Please go ahead.  
Sani Vishe: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. So, my question is a little subjective. I don't expect a 
definitive answer to it. But we see that there is a lot of order inflow. But are there any constrain 
on Wabag side, how much you can execute in a particular quarter? Is there an upper limit given 
that resources like human capital or whatever you need? So, is there any constrain on that end? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I would say not at all. If there is a concern, we will not even book the order. It is unfair for a 
customer that we take the order and don’t execute it or don’t execute it on time and to the 
requirement what we have signed the contract. So far, we have grown from a company, from a 
startup to what we are today as a globally number 3. 
So, we have always grown with the orders, and we believe we have enough strategy in place in 
recruiting and hiring people, training people, developing them under the NATs, NAPs, all 
schemes which government has given us. We do run almost like a university to train water 
engineers. And so far, it has worked for us, and we are very confident going forward it will work. 
One more thing, I leave it for your digestion. See as the ticket size of the orders are going up, 
the number of manpower required to execute an order is definitely coming down or per million 
revenue, the manpower required is definitely coming down. So, this is also helping us to focus 
on few large orders, rather than 10 such small orders. This is also making it more efficient and 
profitable for us. 
Sani Vishe: 
Okay. So, the only risk on execution side is possible delays on approval from customers or 
unforeseen situations, which are not usual to the business operations, is that correct?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Let’s have a separate session on risk. I don’t think we can count in our fingers what are the 
possible risks. It’s not about risk, life is full of risk. It’s your ability, your experience, your past 
track record in managing this risk. Risks are, I don’t think you can count on your fingers. There 
are many, many risks, especially in project business. So, the work of a company is managing the 
risk and mitigating those risks.  
Sani Vishe: 
Fair enough. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Anupam Goswami from SUD Life. 
Please go ahead.  
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, one question. What is the peak order book that we can go before we stop taking any orders? 
That is one, and are we selecting or choosing our order and what are the criteria do we look for 
when we filter out the order intake?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
It is like “Dil Mange More”. So, naturally, there is no limit to which we can go and stop taking 
orders. That’s not the DNA of Wabag. As we said earlier, we have grown from a startup to where 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
we are. And from now to grow where we want to grow, I think we are aggressive, we will remain 
aggressive, but well-disciplined and that’s your second part of your question, what is the criteria 
you select? Like we have told you, a few years back that we do not take state government funded 
orders. That’s one example.  
We go for multilaterally funded orders. We go for orders which have payment security. We go 
for orders which have a good cash flow. We go for orders which have advanced technology. We 
go for orders which have operation and maintenance revenue. So, these are some of the criteria 
which has been given to our sales and marketing guys. They select the project based on that, not 
based on the size of project or anything. 
We remain very disciplined. If something we have to let go, we let go. Like Mumbai projects, 
we decided to let go. We worked on it for 11 years, but we decided to let go, because it did not 
fit into the screen what we have kept. It did not pass through the screen. So, I would say yes, we 
have a capacity. Yes, we can build further capacity. There is no reason to say no to an order 
which fits into our screening criteria.  
Anupam Goswami: 
And sir, what is the internal IRR that we look for out of this order?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, we work on EBITDA basis, we do not work on IRR. That we have given you already, 13% 
to 15% and 9% to 10% at PAT level. This we will maintain.  
Anupam Goswami: 
And sir, last, the rest of India, the order book where we see a sharp drop in margins as well as 
how do we see the pipeline building up over there? Since we have seen a robust Saudi and 
Middle East orders, how much of a sustainability can we expect out of this? That is all, sir. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Your question is not at all clear to me at least. Can you be very specific what you want to know? 
Anupam Goswami: 
Yes, sir. I wanted to know on the export orders, what is the run rate or what is the pipeline that 
we see? Has it built up from what we have seen right now? It is pretty robust. But going forward, 
how do we see it?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
See we are in the emerging markets. As we said, where infrastructure is required, urbanization 
is happening. So, pipeline is robust, will remain robust for the decades to come, I don’t even say 
years to come. For decades to come, it will remain robust.  
Moderator: 
Sir, does that answer your question?  
Anupam Goswami: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samarth from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Samarth Khandelwal: 
Yes, sir. Firstly, congratulations on a good set of orders for this quarter, especially where there 
was a kind of a Capex dry up in the Q2. My question is on the order that was cancelled. I heard 
that the newer tender has opened up, and we have 8 weeks to apply. So, if you could just share 
some color on the scope of the new tender that has come, will it be the bigger size or what has 
exactly changed?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, it just came a few days back. Our team is reviewing the scope and the changes. It’s too early 
to give you what, maybe another week, 10 days you give us. After we have reviewed, our teams 
have analyzed it, we can share that differences.  
Samarth Khandelwal: 
Okay, sir. Sir, second question is, I understand that we are shifting from an Engineering 
Procurement Construction Company to only Engineering and Procurement Company, but we 
still are into construction of a few orders. So, on those orders, do we have a price escalation 
clause built in, in the contracts that we enter? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Always, always. Because our contracts are always long-term contracts, especially in India, 
anything more than 18 months, we always have a price escalation built in where the government 
of India RBI indices will be the basis. And that more or less covers about 70%-75% of our cost. 
Samarth Khandelwal: 
And lastly, just one clarification on your consortium order that we have received in our scope. 
Is there any part of construction that we are doing or it is entirely engineering and procurement? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No. the treatment plant, we will do the construction within a boundary of our treatment plant. 
Anything outside the treatment plant boundary, which is laying of pipelines, constructing of 
reservoirs, we don’t get in there because of all the issues of getting permissions, right of way. 
So, we do not do that. That is what our partner is doing. We will limit ourselves within the 
boundary.  
Samarth Khandelwal: 
Okay. Understood, sir. Thank you. Thank you for answering my questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Mittal for closing comments.  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you once again. And friends, thank you for your active participation in this Q3 & 9M 
FY25 earnings call. We have uploaded the analyst presentation in our website. In case you have 
any further queries, you may get in touch with our Adfactor IR team or you can also feel free to 
get in touch with us directly. Thank you once again. Enjoy the evening.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of VA Tech Wabag Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
February 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
