 
               March 6, 2025 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P.J. Tower  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA  
  
Sub.: Transcript of Investors / Analysts Meet 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In continuation to our earlier communications dated January 28, 2025 & February 28, 2025, please 
find attached the transcript of the Investors and Analysts Meet held on Friday, February 28, 2025. 
The same has also been uploaded on the Company's website and the link to access the transcript is: 
 
https://www.jubilantingrevia.com/investors/investor-meets 
 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
  
For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
 
 
  
  
Deepanjali Gulati  
Company Secretary 
 
 
Deepanjali 
Gulati
Digitally signed by 
Deepanjali Gulati 
Date: 2025.03.06 22:24:08 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 36 
List of Management Attendees 
1.
Mr. Hari S Bhartia, Co-Chairman
2.
Mr. Deepak Jain, CEO and Managing Director
3.
Mr. Varun Gupta, CFO – Jubilant Ingrevia Limited
4.
Mr. Vijay Kumar Srivastava, Head of Operations and Whole-Time Director
5.
Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group CFO, Jubilant Bhartia Group
6.
Mr. Ambrish Dixit, Head of Speciality Chemicals Business
7.
Mr. Ashish Sinha, Head of Animal Nutrition and Health Solutions Business
8.
Mr. Himanshu Dhapola, Head of Chemical Intermediates Business
9.
Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head – Investor Relations
10. Mr Parthasarathy Basu, Head Strategy

Page 2 of 36 
 
 
 
 
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
Investor & Analyst Meet Transcript  
February 28, 2025  
 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Good day everyone, I am Pavleen Taneja, heading investor relations at 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Today, I warmly welcome you all to the Investor 
and Analyst Meet 2025. 
 
Before we begin today, I’d like to brief you on the safety and security 
arrangements here.  Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with the 
venue and the nearest exits, which are located on your left and on your right, 
in case you have any emergency, these exits will serve you as a safe 
evacuation point. Additionally, we have assembly areas outside for 
emergencies, if you or anyone around you requires medical attention, please 
contact the nearest event staff and they’ll promptly coordinate medical 
assistance. Secondly, I would request you all to please keep your mobile 
phones on silent mode. 
 
Moving forward, please note that today’s discussion will include forward 
looking statements which could be considered in relation to the risk 
associated with our businesses. We have three main objectives for today, 
the first is to give you a deeper understanding of all of our business units, the 
second is to share with you our vision and outlook for the next 5 years 
concerning the ‘Pinnacle 345’ strategy and third and most important one is 
to offer you an opportunity for you to meet and interact with our business 
leadership team who is present over here. 
 
With that, I’d like to introduce our management team. Today, we have with 
us Mr. Hari S Bhartia, Co-Chairman of our company, Mr. Deepak Jain, Chief 
Executive Officer and Managing Director, Mr. Varun Gupta, Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Vijay Kumar Srivastava, Head of Operations and Whole-Time 
Director, Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group CFO, Jubilant-Bhartia Group, Mr. 
Ambrish Dixit, Head of Speciality Chemicals Business and rest of the 
Management team. The agenda for today is as follows, first, Mr. Hari S 
Bhartia will provide an overview about the Jubilant Bhartia group and our 
company. Following that, Mr Deepak Jain, along with the Management team 
will introduce the company and share our vision for ‘Pinnacle 345’. Towards 
the end, we have an interactive Q&A session to address your queries.  
To register your queries, I would like to request you to please scan the bar 
code placed on your table and we will address the maximum possible 
questions in the last 30 minutes.  
 
Following the Q&A session, please join us for cocktails and dinner for an 
engaging networking session. At this point, we would like to present a brief 
video showcasing Jubilant-Bhartia Group and the company. 

Page 3 of 36 
 
 
Without further delay, I would like to invite Mr. Hari S Bhartia to share the 
group and company overview. May we have you on the stage Sir. 
 
Hari Bhartia: 
Good evening to all of you. I know all of you have many things to do, and I 
can fully understand that. We really appreciate that you have come here this 
evening to spend time with us and listen to the story of Jubilant Ingrevia. 
 
I must tell you my story of my connection with this company. It was 1979, I 
just passed out as a chemical engineer from IIT Delhi. By the way, our CEO 
is also from IIT Delhi. So, and, my brother at that time was trying to set up a 
new company, which was known as VAM Organic at that time. He was just 
starting the business plan, that was the licence raj, and we got the approval 
to build the end product, assumed was Vinyl Acetate Monomer and with all 
the intermediates like acetic anhydride, acetaldehyde, acetic acid, ethanol, 
starting from molasses. So, it was a unique concept in late 70’s put together. 
Technology was brought in from different places to really create the first total 
bio-Vinyl Acetate Monomer. Every product, the starting raw material was 
molasses, it was quite unique from that point of view. Today, the value of bio-
products is much more than what it used to be in 70’s.  At that time, the feed 
stock was cheapest for us to make these products. So, when I joined, my first 
job was to go and buy, we had an almost, in Gajraula we have almost 460 
acres. So, my first job was to go and buy land from farmers. So, I used to be 
sitting in Hasanpur tehsil and negotiating with farmers to buy, so we bought 
100 acres at that time and then we expanded it to almost 5 times. So, I am 
deeply attached to what Jubilant Ingrevia is today because I have seen my 
own career growth and the growth of Jubilant Ingrevia and really, this was 
the starting point for us to build the pharmaceutical company which is now 
known as Pharmova and even Jubilant industries was part of one large VAM 
Organic Chemicals which became LifeSciences. I think it was 2021, we 
decided that we will kind of, break LifeSciences into 2 divisions, because the 
idea was to really transform what we were trying to do in Chemicals.  
 
And that’s where the journey of transformation started to really bring more 
focus in the group to what we are doing in chemicals. We also changed 
management in terms of leadership, Deepak joined, we have new leaders 
like Varun, many of our team members joined when this transformation 
started to movie it from chemical intermediates company to more of building 
a specialty portfolio. And in the Specialty Chemicals also, our effort is to even 
look at higher end products. Our products go into cosmetics, which is applied 
on skin for nutrition and different other applications. It goes into hair care, 
personal care products.  
 
So, you can imagine that for us it is a major transformation now focusing the 
company more and more towards Specialty. And if you want to be a Specialty 
company, and I believe 60% profits comes from Specialty portfolio, you have 
to be very customer centric. And I think in the last few years, that’s been a 
major change, not to be inward looking, because if you are an intermediates 
company or a commodity based company, then the customer centricity is not 
taken that seriously. But I think in Specialty, we need to work very closely 
with our customers. Sometimes, they come with the problems to us and we 
need to solve them. If you want to be a CDMO, you want to do Contract 
Development and Manufacturing, then it requires strong partnership and also 

Page 4 of 36 
 
strong trust, because they are handing over some of their most important 
molecules to manufacture.  
 
So, I must tell you, there has been a C change in the way we partner with our 
chemicals and I’m sure Deepak will share a lot in his presentation on the 
transformation that has happened in the different parts of our Specialty 
business. And of course, with specialty, we were always strong in some of 
the chemistry platforms but I think we are adding more capacity in research. 
We added research in Greater Noida, we already have pilot facilities and 
research facilities at our manufacturing locations. And the other part was, if 
you look at our infrastructure, the 4 main facilities, which total amounts to 
almost 1,000 acres, Gajraula is 460 acres, Bharuch is 310 and a lot of them 
are still, the infrastructure we have built has a lot more capacity to be added 
there. It has the potential to almost double if you look at the kind of 
infrastructure that has been built, and with that infrastructure we have 
recently worked on, I’m told, almost 200 digital interventions and Jubilant 
Ingrevia won the prestigious World Economic Forum – Lighthouse Network 
Award, being the only chemical company globally in the 2024 cohort. This is 
a solid achievement, using data and analytics for improving productivity is 
really outstanding and not only our Bharuch facility we are now working 
across all our facilities to improve productivity.  
 
You know, if you are a chemical manufacturer and if you are not safety-first, 
you are not sustainable. Outstanding job has been done by our team across 
all facilities. Deepak can share the outcome of that but I am so pleased that 
we are acting for environment, people and safety, all across is one of the 
highest level that I have seen in the last many years. Sustainability remains 
at the core of our operations; we were ranked the top 5% of global chemical 
companies with ECOVARDIS gold rating and among the 2 top Indian 
chemical companies in the ESG score. Also, under the Dow Jones 
Sustainability Index of Corporate Sustainability  Assessment of 2023, we 
achieved a ranking of 93%ile. This really requires a lot of work and also it 
builds trust with our customers, they see that we are a long-term sustainable 
operation.  
 
As Deepak has shared before, his ‘Pinnacle345’ journey, which aims for 3 
times revenue growth and 4 times EBITDA growth in the next 5 years. At the 
end, I must tell you, that personally at the board level, we are superbly excited 
about the transformation that is going on and some of the stories you will 
hear now, in the presentations later on.  
 
Thank you again for coming tonight and listening to our story, and I look 
forward to interacting with you tonight. Thank you. 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you very much for coming over and 
welcome once again for Investor Day. It’s a privilege to have all of you in the 
room and share our story, not just from last 1 and a half years but also talking 
about what we are aspiring to do in the coming years and how, step-by-step, 
we are building out that story.  
 
Before I introduce the agenda, I just wanted to quickly introduce myself 
because I met many of you individually and in smaller groups but just very 
quickly in 2 lines. I joined Jubilant Ingrevia as CEO and MD about 1 and a 
half years back and before that I was with Bain and Company, Senior Partner, 

Page 5 of 36 
 
leading the Chemicals and Industrial practice of Bain in Asia-Pacific and had 
the privilege of working with several of the chemical companies and leaders 
in India and in the region with, and of course with Jubilant Ingrevia and when 
I took over this role 1.5 years back and met Mr Bhartia first time, his first few 
words for me were that Deepak this is a true transformation, as he just 
explained here and the number one thing I want you to work on is customer 
centricity to the organisation. So, I am very happy with whatever Mr Bhartia 
said and the hard work that all of us has done, we can already see moving in 
the right direction. We will talk about how it is impacting our business and 
what we expect to get out of it over the coming years but we have started to 
take the first step towards it and I’m quite confident that in the coming years 
you will see many achievements and accolades coming on the back of all the 
hard work our team is doing.  
 
What we are going to do today is, we are going to talk about, I’ll take the first 
20 minutes or so to talk about our company, to talk about the Pinnacle 345 
and what we aspire to do but also share the progress from the last 3 or 4 
quarters in which we have started to take the baby steps towards the 
Pinnacle 345 journey and the outcomes of those baby steps have given us 
the confidence that we are taking the right journey, we of course have a lot 
of work to do in coming years, which the whole team is committed. The 
leadership team sitting in this room, whom you will interact with today is fully 
committed behind that vision, so we are going to talk about that. Some of the 
leaders from the leadership team will come and present specific BUs plans 
as well as progress on 345. We will also talk about our operations - how we 
are transforming them, the safety aspect, the sustainability aspect and many 
more things we are doing in the company to ensure that the right enablers 
and foundations which are needed to deliver on this Pinnacle 345 aspirations 
are in place in a very foundational and robust manner.  
 
Varun will touch over the financial plan and discipline while a lot of focus is 
on putting in the right inputs and hard work into the business, of course, the 
outputs matter and one of the things that is needed is to have the right 
financial ecosystem, the team, the tools to ensure that we measure what we 
are doing with the right metrics and at the right time and take the course 
correction as and when it is needed. Varun will talk about all of that, and I will 
round up by sharing the overall investment thesis.  
 
Before I get into the details, perhaps we will play one more video on Jubilant 
Ingrevia for a couple of minutes and then we can just dig in into the details. 
Gaurav, can we have the video please. Thank you.  
 
So, let’s jump in. I think Mr. Bhartia already covered the story of how was 
Ingrevia created, and how in 2021, we came out of, we were together in 
Pharmova, known as Jubilant Lifesciences until late 2020, early 2021, and 
that’s when the split happened between Ingrevia and Pharmova. Ingrevia 
literally means ‘Ingredients for Life’. It is a combination of 2 words and we are 
truly and fundamentally an ingredients company which supply different kinds 
of ingredients into Lifesciences sectors such as Pharma, Agrochemicals, 
Cosmetics, now, even Semiconductors and many others, and we’ll talk about 
that more. And the fundamental objectives behind this split was number one, 
to unlock shareholder value and we have seen the magic of that happening 
over the last 4 years when both the companies have done extremely well and 
have grown more value for their respective shareholders.  

Page 6 of 36 
 
 
We created separate companies. We were very clear that Pharmova had 
more business on the pharma and healthcare side while Ingrevia was 
focused on intermediates, which was fuelling different sectors as I said. So, 
it was critical to bring lot more focus, lot more investments in those 
businesses and that’s exactly what has been happening over the last 4 years 
or so when we invested in the business of some Rs. 2,000crs, created new 
R&D centres and hired and grew the team over the last few years. And of 
course, as I think most of you know, chemical sector has provided so many 
new opportunities, especially in the last 4 or 5 years since the macro-
economic sectors turned in favour of India with China plus one and the trade 
wars playing out and just capitalizing on those opportunities was very critical 
and hence it was required to have a very different kind of focus on those 
opportunities which is what Ingrevia has been doing over the last 4 or 5 years.  
 
The whole story, I think you saw glimpses of it in the video as well, can be 
divided into 4 major chapters. Of course, we got created as VAM Organics in 
1978 and that’s when we focused on VAM chemistry, the acetic anhydride 
and the whole acetyls portfolio. In the second chapter which played out over 
the next 2 decades, we added Pyridines and we are very proud of the 
Pyridines chemistry and we are globally number one and we will talk about 
in our Specialty portfolio, how it is helping us identify and capitalize on the 
new opportunities, but in the next 2 decades, we expanded our acetyls 
portfolio but also added Pyridine as our core chemistry.  
 
Starting 2011, we started moving forward into the Pyridine value chain 
particularly and added almost 3 dozen Pyridine derivatives and we are 
number 1 in almost, actually 35 out of 50 odd Pyridine derivatives that we do 
today. We also forward integrated in Picoline value chain to add Vitamin B3, 
so chapter 3 was more into forward integrating Pyridine and Picoline value 
chains and what we call now, which, probably, in my view, the most exciting 
chapter of Ingrevia’s history is the transformation into the specialty leader, 
which is what Mr. Bhartia alluded to in the beginning. We are doing several 
changes, the whole journey started after the split in 2021 but in last couple 
of years we have given a new momentum and acceleration to that journey in 
multiple ways. Of course, we continue to focus on our core businesses of 
acetyl and Pyridine, particularly Pyridine, adding more and more products in 
the forward part of the value chain. We have added Diketene as a new 
platform and we already have around half a dozen products in our portfolio, 
and we are hoping to add another half a dozen in the next 12 months.  
 
We have gotten our CDMO business off the ground over the last 4 years and 
you will see later on in the presentation, that is going to be the biggest driver 
of our growth and profitability in the coming years. We have already 
announced some big contracts in the last 2 quarters and there’s many more 
achievements and announcements to come in the next few quarters. Our 
specialty business in the nutrition side beyond Vitamin B3 has started to pick 
up pace and will drive the future growth. So, this is just the start of the 
transformation we were talking about in getting big in scale in Specialty which 
I will talk about in subsequent slides with the rest of the team.  
 
How we look at the business today, there are 3 parts which is what we share 
with all of you every quarter. We have the Specialty business, which is the 
biggest part of our business, about 42% of our portfolio. We are globally 

Page 7 of 36 
 
number 1 in bio-pyridine, in beta-picoline and many other derivatives of 
pyridine, almost 3 dozen of them, as I said.  Within Specialty, we have 3 
businesses units, we have CDMO business, we have Fine Chemicals and 
we have Pyridine and Picoline. We will talk about each one of them in far 
more detail, even more in detail that we have talked about in our IR 
presentations over the years.  
 
The second pillar of our business is the Nutrition business, which is where 
we have Vitamin B3, we are globally number 2 and we have just 
commissioned our cosmetics grade and food grade B3 plant and once it fills 
up its capacity, we are hoping that we will catch up with number 1 position 
very soon. We are domestic leader in choline, vitamin B4 and we are 
expanding that portfolio and adding more specialty products into it as well.  
 
Chemical intermediates which is our acetyl business, we have some world 
leading products there, we have acetic anhydride. We are world number 1 or 
number 2 in merchant market capacity, depending on which year you talk 
about, and we are continuously expanding share in international markets, 
like Europe, and we have maintained our 75%+ market share in the domestic 
market. And likewise, in ethyl acetate, we are very skilled, we are the biggest 
players in ethyl acetate in the country, acetaldehyde, bio acetic acid and 
many more products that we have in our acetyls portfolio. And that’s how we 
look at our portfolio today. I think the one underlining thing in our core 
products, whichever chemistry products that we have picked up. We have 
invariably made a leadership position for ourselves and that defines our 
aspirations on anything new that we are doing. Some of the new aspects of 
our business, the growth factors we will talk about in the next half an hour, 
you will see the starting aspirations, Diketene being the prime example, our 
aspiration is to be in the top 3, in not just in India, but globally and that’s what 
all the investments are about, all the portfolio we are developing, the products 
which are in R&D phase, will help us get there in coming years.  
 
This is the current profile of the business, business wise I have already talked 
about the specialty chemicals almost 43%, the biggest business, acetyl still 
remains big and is fundamental to our business, it’s a core business. It gives 
us the threshold level of, the scale which helps all other businesses. It also 
seeps into other businesses, Nutrition almost 20%. By application and fairly 
diversified application, which helps us even in the tough times like we saw in 
the last 2 years. Pharma is almost one-third of our business, Nutrition is 
growing very fast, almost 22%. Agro varies between 20 to 25%, Agro has not 
been very good market wise over the last couple of years, so the relative 
share has come down to 20% but in stable times, it touches almost 25%. And 
then industrial and consumer, consumer is also picking up on the back of 
some if the investments that we are making in cosmetic related products and 
haircare and some other areas where some of our core products as well as 
some of the CDMO opportunities we are getting. Geographic wise, India is 
almost half our business but what is driving our growth going forward is the 
international business. I’ll talk about it, our business in the US and Europe 
have grown substantially in the last 1 year and despite the fact that the growth 
has been slow in the western world, I’ll show that data. But, going forward, 
we expect exports to be almost 70% of our business in the coming years.  
 
Facilities, we already talked about, you saw it in the picture, so I won’t repeat 
but there are 2,000+ people that work in our organization. We are making 

Page 8 of 36 
 
some changes in the organization, we will talk about the team as well. We 
are hiring the talents in areas where we need to strengthen our capabilities 
to deliver on the growth vision that we have painted which we will discuss in 
a few pages.  
 
I think R&D is one area which, in all honesty, I think we have, historically, we 
have under invested and only in the last few years, with the advent of the 
new R&D centres, we have created, the one picture you can see on the left 
hand side of this page, is our newly built R&D centre in Greater Noida. It 
houses almost 1,000 engineers across our group and almost 150 of them are 
dedicated to Ingrevia. Some of the cutting-edge work, especially in our fine 
chemicals, CDMO and Nutrition portfolio is happening in the R&D centre. We 
also have R&Ds in our big plants and we are investing, somebody was asking 
me outside, what is our R&D spend as the percentage of revenue, I said it’s 
still very low. The good companies in India have caught upto 2.5% in 
chemicals R&D spend. At a company level, we are probably less than 1% 
but even if I take acetyl out, which skews it, still we are on the lower side and 
we expect to double it up in the coming years because that is the kind of 
innovation that is needed to fuel our growth aspirations.  
 
This is the leadership team, as you can see, with the green dots on the page. 
Most of them are in the room today. Some of you have interacted with them 
at the booths, so please, find them, interact with them. You will know what 
their aspirations are. As a leadership team, one of the things that you will see, 
almost 50% of the leaders from this page have taken up these roles in the 
last 1.5-2 years. So, we have gone through a real change in the organization 
as well, starting right from the top. On one side, we have several members 
of the team like Yuvraj, Anurag, Amit Saini, Sumit and many more, who have 
been in the Jubilant system for many years, to understand our core 
capabilities, chemistries and understand what we bring to the table and are 
able to explain it to the customer but also are able to deliver on the 
expectations of the customer at the same time. But at the same time, we 
have brought people from the outside, be it Ambrish, now Vishal has just 
joined us last week for our Nutrition portfolio. Himanshu came in a couple of 
years back. Vijay came from outside, Varun just joined 6 months back, Rajiv 
joined some 4 months back. So, wherever we felt that the organization needs 
a different way of working to deliver on the expectations of the customer, 
Specialty customer has a very different kind of expectation. We have tried to 
bridge those gaps. We are still going through some changes in the lower 
layer of the organization, we have moved to a culture where we are doing a 
lot of changes from the perspective of what is not going to work from future 
growth perspective and accordingly bringing in new teams, bringing in new 
members to bridge those gaps.  
 
Of course, the quality systems and the world class accreditation are just, I 
would say, table stake and it’s good to see some of the work and effort over 
the last 1.5 years, getting even externally acknowledged. I think again, Mr. 
Bhartia talked about it, this is one of the unique things that exists with Jubilant 
as a group and not just for Ingrevia. For the last, almost 20 years, we have 
been ESG focused. We started focusing on ESG in early 2000s. We have 
been part of ECOVADIS, Dow Jones and several other ratings for almost a 
decade and we have maintained our top 2-3 positions over the years and 
every year, now, we keep looking for initiatives that help us just move ahead 
in that journey. This year, you saw in the video, we have signed 2 new 

Page 9 of 36 
 
contracts with O2 renewable power just as an example, which will take our 
power composition to almost 35% renewable and we are not going to stop 
there, we will keep looking for more areas which can help us become more 
and more green in coming years.  
 
So, that was a quick snapshot of what we are as Ingrevia, what changes we 
have made in recent past and how we are structured. Let me also talk about 
Pinnacle 345, I think the video also explained, what I call the hardware part 
of it, which is the number - 3x growth, 4 times EBITDA in the next 5 years. 
But, I think the heart of Pinnacle 345 is what I call the compass. This is the 
vision we have as the leadership team, as a Board, we aligned on it 1.5 years 
back, what do we want to become? We want to be the leader provider of 
innovative solutions in our core chemistry. I think the key words here, to focus 
on are ‘innovation’ and ‘core chemistry’. As a company with almost 45 years 
of history, there’s probably no chemistry which we have not worked in. So we 
have a lot, but we also have one of the core chemistry that you might have 
seen on the booths outside, almost 12-15 of them, which is where we get the 
bulk of our business and those chemistries and their potential is tremendous. 
We have not tapped it fully. So, the idea is to continue to focus on those 
chemistries and to obviously come with more and more innovative solutions 
on the back of it.  
 
The second thing of this is the middle part of which we call the 4 pillars. I 
think Mr Bhartia covered many of them in the opening remarks. Customer 
centricity being the very first one. The world class operations, you should visit 
the booth, Vijay can explain you the kind of initiatives we are taking there, 
including the completely revamped safety programs that we launched 1 year 
back and it is already showing a very good progress. Innovation and 
technology, I already talked about in R&D. ESG I already talked about, 
people focused, we are already going through transformational changes 
culturally within the organization and that starts from the way, each one of us, 
from the leadership team, how we engage with our team, how quickly we 
respond to our customers, how quickly we respond to our internal 
requirements and what message we send down to the organization. So, 
almost on every aspect, we are working on and the hardware part I already 
talked about and what it means in terms of numbers is that, if you take 2024, 
the trailing 12 months, we are about Rs. 4,200cr in the topline, we hope to 
get to Rs. 12,000cr. In all honesty, we have a bottom up plan which takes us 
to almost Rs. 10,000cr, we have a gap of Rs. 2,000cr but still that vision. We 
feel that we will be able to figure out how to bridge that gap through inorganic 
opportunities or by finding new platforms along the way. But based on the 
current products, platforms, visibility we have, we feel that we are confident 
of delivering organically, at least Rs. 10,000cr through that bottom-up plan. 
The bulk of the growth, I will show on next page, will come from Specialty 
and Nutrition part of the portfolio which eventually means our profile will 
improve significantly. You have already seen over the last 4-5 quarters, it has 
moved by almost 1% point every quarter from 9.5% to 14% in the last quarter 
and a lot of it has come from new, high margin growth areas but some of it 
has also come from lean and cost effective areas which again we will explain 
down the line. But on the back of all these efforts, the portfolio shift towards 
high margin segments and the cost improvement efforts, we have  embarked 
to get to Rs. 2,000cr EBITDA and ROCE, I mean, it has improved over the 
last 4 quarters from 9-10% to almost 12%, we have a path to take it to 17-
20%, obviously we’ll keep investing in the business, so sometimes the ROCE 

Page 10 of 36 
 
number gets skewed by what we call the whip capex but adjust it so that 
every investment we are making in the company has a business case which 
is banking on a 20%+ ROCE and hence, majority of the future portfolio, most 
of it, I mean, all of it will be 20%+ ROCE.  
 
This will require some fundamental shifts and already a lot has been talked 
about, so I won’t deliver the points on this page but this is the true 
transformation in making and we have taken the first few steps, as we said 
in the beginning, given our confidence that we are on the right track, we’re 
on the right journey but the Specialty will increase, the customer centricity of 
course, some of you speak to our customers also and we feel very happy 
when we hear the feedback of the customers through some of you. 
Whenever I meet any of you, I think some of you know, the very first question 
you hear from me is what are the customers saying about us, please tell me, 
right, transparently. So, that’s always a very good filter to look back into the 
mirror and see if we are doing the right things to the customers and the 
external stakeholders or not. Innovation technology, ESG, world class 
operations, digital and of course cohort systems and culture are all changing 
significantly and I would, somebody asked me outside - are you done with all 
the changes? I said that I won’t be done by the time I’m running this company 
because change is the only constant and world is moving very fast and we 
need those change and we will keep making those changes. And wherever 
we hit the wall, we will of course bring something new to de-bottleneck that 
problem.  
 
I think this is Pinnacle345 summarized in one page and apologies on the 
small font. I will touch up on some of the key points but my team members 
will dig deeper into some of them, one-by-one, vertical by vertical. If you can 
just look at the few areas which you will, and hopefully have started  to notice 
in some of our quarterly results. If I start with Specialty, I think Pyridine and 
Picolines are number 1. We are very proud of that. We have almost 25%+ 
share globally. we are the only scaled non-Chinese player left in Pyridine 
chemistry and we are still a big and growing chemistry. There are many new 
products coming up, in our portfolio as well as to supply the building blocks 
to many of our customers and we will maintain our leadership position, be it 
at scale but also at cost. And we have the cost leadership here despite the 
fact the Chinese companies are very competitive but one metric which I often 
quote is, the world has excess capacity with only 50% capacity utilized today 
in Pyridine. We have not planned that 80%, we are de-bottlenecking the plant 
this year to increase the capacity of Pyridine because we are running our 
plants at 80% and that just shows that despite all the competition, price drop 
from the Chinese competitors, we are still competitive versus them and to an 
extent that they run their plants at 30-40% utilization and we are running at 
almost 70-80% consistently. So, that will remain our focus, we have to protect 
our leadership position, and we will protect our leadership position and in 
Pyridine. The new opportunities coming in Pyridine portfolio is oil field 
chemicals. This is a segment which started to grow. It's a by-product of 
Pyridine value chain. We have built a reasonably scaled business over the 
last couple of years in oil field chemicals and will continue to push there and 
it will scale up significantly.  
 
In Fine Chemicals, there are three parts to our Fine Chemical business. We 
have the Pyridine derivatives. These are all downstream derivatives of 
Pyridine. As I said, we do almost 50 of them and almost three dozens of them. 

Page 11 of 36 
 
We are globally number one and we will maintain that position. We are 
pushing hard. We are growing them. That portfolio, as Ambrish will show in 
a few minutes, is still growing at 15% plus every year.  
 
Diketene derivatives, this is a platform we created two years back. It's not a 
new chemistry for us, by the way. It comes from Ketene chemistry, which is 
linking back to our acetic acid and acetic anhydride groups. We are very 
familiar with this chemistry. We have created the portfolio of this chemistry 
organically over the last few years. The traction we have gotten in the first 
two years is just amazing. We have created a reasonably scaled business 
within the last two years, which is growing at almost 50% every year. Again, 
Ambrish will show some of that data.  
 
And the third part, which again Mr Bhartia alluded to, the cosmetics part, we 
have almost half a dozen products in our portfolio which go into skincare and 
haircare industry. We have very strong relations with some of the leading and 
marquee names of customers in the cosmetics space. We feel that it is the 
right time to leverage all those strengths, be it on the products side, or supply 
side or customer side to scale up this portfolio and this is something we have 
only recently decided and of course, we have a set of products existing for 
several years, but we are going to capitalize on them and grow their portfolio.  
The third part is the CDMO business which I know a lot of you are very 
excited about and it is the most exciting part of the portfolio for us also 
because of the growth we expect to get out of it. Again this has 3 parts, the 
Agro part of it, we have been providing several Chemical Intermediates to 
agrochemical innovators for almost 3 decades. Now it’s time to capitalize on 
those strengths and covert many of those relationships into CDMO oriented 
relationships and that we announced 2 quarters back. One of which runs into 
hundreds of millions of dollars. I think you have the details of some of them. 
That contract we signed in October and announced to all of you. The 
construction is in full swing and will be ready hopefully by October, November 
this year so that we can start getting benefit of revenues coming from that 
project starting Q4 of FY26.  
 
The second one also, we have to modify one of our multipurpose plants. So 
that is also ongoing and that will start kicking in and giving revenues as I 
announced I think couple of quarters back in the investor call by middle of 
this calendar year. So both of those are on track and there are many more 
which again Ambrish will explain how we are speaking to our customers. So 
on Agro there are more discussions we are doing with the innovators and 
hopefully in coming quarters we will be having more good news to share with 
all of you.  
 
On the Pharma side we have been doing Pharma CDMO for almost 5-6 years. 
We have a handful of customers and reasonably scaled business there. 
Recently last 6 months or so we accelerated and doubled down on that 
pipeline. I think I had mentioned that on the investor call again. Within last 6-
9 months we have doubled our funnel size and there are almost 12 molecules 
which are confirmed by the customers. Of course Pharma pipeline moves at 
a relatively slow pace. So, we have to be patient and let that funnel grow up 
naturally as our customers volumes grow up.  
 
Semiconductor is again we announced about a year back. We started 
focusing on it and within a year we have been able to build a pipeline of 

Page 12 of 36 
 
almost 8-10 molecules where customers have already confirmed at least kg 
volumes and we have already started supplying samples to almost 3-4 of 
them. So we are quite, quite is a bad word, reasonably happy with the 
progress we have made in the first year of semiconductor. We can do a lot 
more and the traction we are getting from our customers will help us hopefully 
open up that funnel. As I mentioned in one of the investor calls, 
semiconductor for us is going to be a multi-year journey because the 
customers are still just gradually opening up to outsourcing idea unlike what 
has happened in Pharma or Agro over the last one decade. Semiconductor 
Chemicals customers will take few more years before they can start 
outsourcing in a big way, but we feel we are one of the early movers here 
and on the back of all the traction, partnership we are getting with our 
customers, we feel that portfolio will continue to grow in the coming 3-5-7 
years.  
 
So that's on Specialty, on the Nutrition similarly, we have 2 parts, animal 
nutrition and vitamin B3 is our core product. We will consolidate our 
leadership position there with the new plant, sorry, the new plant will be 
focusing more on Human Nutrition but even in the Animal Nutrition side, we 
will continue to gain share and some of the markets are still lesser penetrated 
for us like US, we are doubling down on them. B4, choline chloride - that’s 
the core products for us and also the rider products for some of our Specialty 
portfolio we have created for the Indian markets and the neighbouring 
markets in South-East Asia. So, we are doubling down on them and we see 
huge growth potential in those businesses.  
 
On the Human Nutrition side, we are relatively small today, but we are putting 
a lot of trust. We recently had Vishal, who is here in the room, and you should 
meet him in the booth outside, he comes with a very rich experience of 
Human Nutrition development product. So we will be doubling down on it on 
the back of 2 products which we already have in the portfolio, which is 
Vitamin B3 food grade, for which we just commissioned a new plant and 
choline chloride which we just announced in the market and getting good 
traction. So, these are the products for the Human Nutrition portfolio but on 
the back of it, we have plans to get in the premixes and some of the 
formulations which we are just starting the journey on and will hopefully grow 
in coming years.  
 
Chemical intermediates, if I have to summarize the strategy, it’s about 
sweating the assets with a lean cost structure. So, we have huge capacity, 
we are running most of the capacity at 70% utilizations even in tough times 
like these. We believe that with the leadership positions and the cost 
structures we have and the global presence we have in these products, we 
should be able to push more volumes in the coming years and take those 
utilizations up to at least 85-90% in the coming years. So, most of the 
incremental growth in this portfolio will come from the back of existing 
capacities. We don’t have any plans to invest more to increase the capacity 
in the Chemical Intermediates portfolio which just started and obviously we 
are working continuously on the cost structure and we have already turned 
at least 10 different initiatives to optimize the cost structure of our acetic 
anhydride, ethyl acetate, acetaldehyde and other products portfolio and we 
will continue to work on that.  
 

Page 13 of 36 
 
So, that hopefully gives a bird’s eye view, we will talk about some of them in 
detail in subsequent pages. Obviously, there are a bunch of enablers in the 
bottom which I already mentioned, I will not repeat what I said on them. How 
it will look in terms of the portfolio shifts is summarized on this page. If I talk 
in terms of the business units, today, as I said, Specialty is almost 40%, 
Nutrition is almost 15-18%. These two businesses will become almost 75-80% 
of our portfolio in the next 4 or 5 years with Specialty taking almost 60% share 
and largely growing on the back of all the investments we are making in 
CDMO and Fine Chemicals portfolio. Like I said, exports will become almost 
60%, 65% of our portfolio and you can see how fast America is already 
growing. We expect America to become almost 20-25% of our portfolio in 
coming years. In terms of end application mix, the mix is not going to change 
significantly because these are core sectors particularly Pharma, Agro, 
Nutrition have been our top 3 sectors for a while.  
 
The Agro share is increasing on the back of some of the big contracts we are 
signing in agro. As I said in the beginning, it's anyway even stable times 
almost 25% of our portfolio so it will remain 25-30%. So pharma, agro, and 
nutrition will thrive and consumer will become relatively bigger on the back of 
what I said on the cosmetics and hair care space. So that's we are doubling 
down on.  
 
We believe we will deliver on this strategy because of a few reasons. Number 
1, if you look at the markets we are in, the end application and this is just 
market data for global market growth from some of our core segments. 
Irrespective of short-term challenges, all those markets are growing quite well. 
In the global context, those of you who follow the global chemical industries, 
5-6% growth is a very healthy growth, and all these segments are high growth 
segments. Of course, there are some short-term volatilities but take that out. 
The secular growth in all these sectors is very robust and strong and when 
you translate it into what gets outsourced to a country like India, the growth 
becomes almost 3-4x. So, while these sectors will grow at let's say 5% on an 
average over the next 5, 10, 15 years, when it gets translated to what comes 
to India for manufacturing will be at least 15% if not more. So that is our 
addressable market. The TAM or SAM, serviceable market for us, will be 
growing at least 15% in any of the domains or all the domains where we are 
present. So that was reason number one for our confidence or belief in this 
Pinnacle 345 strategy.  
 
The reason number two is if you take the last one year and with all the 
changes we have made, the baby steps that I explained in the beginning we 
have taken, that has led to some meaningful outcomes for all of us which 
actually has been on one side heartening and second time morale booster 
for all of us as the leadership team that what we are doing is right and 
hopefully will help us build out the kind of portfolio we want to build over the 
next five years. So, I will not again talk everything out of this page. You have 
seen it in our quarterly presentations. But be it our USFDA, that was our first 
USFDA for a Chemical company to go through USFDA process. If you have 
not done it, the simplest word would be nightmare. The kind of preparation 
and changes you have to do and I know Vijay, myself, and many other 
members of the team spent several sleepless nights to just ensure that we 
deliver on the expectations. It was for a food grade product. It was not 
pharma in all honesty. But still, it was a big test for us, and we were very 
happy when we cleared it with 0 483 observations in the month of April and 

Page 14 of 36 
 
it gave a different kind of confidence to our teams that yes, we are ready for 
some of the challenges which are coming ahead in this journey.  
 
WEO Lighthouse has been talked about multiple times, so I will not repeat. I 
think this is a constant endeavour from all of us to bring digital and new 
interventions. Vijay will talk about it. Almost 200 plus interventions we have 
made across our plant, supply chain, even front end and have started to yield 
results. The big CDMO contracts, it took a lot of hard work. Almost one and 
a half years of continuous hard work with several of us just doing calls and 
meetings with the customers almost on a weekly basis and giving them the 
comfort that we just, of course, we have the capabilities, and chemistry 
stands which they are looking for, but we will be responsive and we will 
deliver on what they expect us to deliver.  
 
So, like that, there are several other achievements from the past one year 
which has given us the confidence and that has overall improved the quality 
of our portfolio in several ways. Now again, I will not, some of these points 
we have already talked about, but you look at whichever way, whether the 
business mix today, the percentage share of profits coming from Specialty 
and nutrition, you look at the customer mix, you look at how fast our CDMO 
and some of the new businesses are growing, you look at the composition of 
the leadership team, you look at the product mix, the kind of incremental 
growth. One thing I did not mention is in Pyridine, when one of our 
international competitors closed down in the US, within six months we 
grabbed 70% of their volumes. So that's the speed at which we had to move 
to capture that market because otherwise Chinese would have taken it from 
us. Ambrish and Amit, I know they spoke to all the customers. We mapped 
out the customers, we reached out to each of the customers and Ambrish will 
again share the stories, but almost 70% of those volumes we captured within 
six to probably nine months and then we have those customers now, 
hopefully for future as well.  
 
So, likewise we have several such examples which gives us the confidence 
and the overall mix of the quality of portfolio, moving in the right directions 
along the lines of what we envisaged it to be in a few years as a part of 
Pinnacle345 journey. And obviously, financial results are just one outcome, 
the last 4 quarters have again given us the confidence that we are on the 
right track, obviously it is a result of hard work in terms of both growth, 
particularly volumes growth because some of the volumes growth got wiped 
off due to the decline in the market, but that’s something we cannot control. 
But at least, if I look at our growth journey over the last few years we have 
seen volume growth, profitability has improved, as I said in the beginning, 
based on the 2 key drivers - no 1 is the portfolio shift we are doing and no. 2 
is the cost imperatives which has helped us take out almost Rs. 100cr+ from 
our cost structure. This data, again, we have shared in the quarterly 
presentation. The Specialty portfolio has grown 20% in the first 9 months, the 
profitability has improved significantly, Nutrition similarly has grown 8%, part 
of it grew more because of the price. In terms of volume, we have grown 
probably 15%. EBITDA, of course, has improved. The one area where 
markets are still troubling us, and we are not out of the woods completely, is 
the acetyl business. That business, particularly our anhydride business, is 
driven by what happens in paracetamol and acetate, which is a big 
agrochemical molecule. Both these markets have gone through tough times 
in the last, I would say, six or eight quarters, to an extent that most of our 

Page 15 of 36 
 
customers are either not running their plants, or even if they are running, they 
are running them at 40% to 50% utilization only. From the analysis we have 
done, where we have mapped out the inventory in the system for each of our 
customers, and based on the discussions with the customers, we feel things 
have bottomed out. The de-stocking is done there, and hopefully in the next 
couple of quarters, the volumes will start to come back there as well. And 
gradually, with a couple of more quarters, we'll start to see a price movement 
upwards as well. So we are hopeful that Chemical Intermediates will start to 
come back, but that's a relatively commodity product, and we'll have to live 
with those commodity cycles. But we are well prepared by focusing on cost 
and by pushing on some of the products where we still see room to gain 
market share, which Himanshu will explain in a few minutes.  
 
So, all of that has helped us in just, again, ensuring the overall quality of the 
portfolio moves in the right direction. As I said in the beginning, the U.S. and 
Europe have grown very significantly for us. Just to give you a sense, the 
U.S. used to be 4% to 5% of our portfolio. Today, last quarter results, almost 
9%, and we are on track to hopefully, by FY27 itself, it should become 15% 
plus, and obviously in the next five years, we want to make it 20%, 25%.  
 
Europe also grew almost by 30% in the first nine months of this year, and we 
are hoping with the confidence that the European and American customers 
have shown us, we'll continue to grow this.  
 
And the only other point I would say on this slide is Japan is a market where 
we are investing now. We have hired somebody recently, and Japanese 
customers take time, but when they open up, they open up in a big way. So 
we have just started our journey in Japan in the last few months. I have 
personally travelled there. Senior members are traveling almost every three 
months. So, we are hoping in a, if not in a few quarters, definitely in a couple 
of years, from the rest of the world, we'll be able to carve out Japan 
separately with all the push and hard work we are doing in that market to 
open it up. So that was, I think at an overall level, what Pinnacle 345 is and 
what the journey has been in the last couple of quarters since we defined 
and announced the Pinnacle journey.  
 
Let me now invite a few of my leadership team members one by one to talk 
about some of the details. I think the key points I have already covered, but 
it will be good for you to hear from them also directly. So let me start by 
inviting Ambrish. Ambrish will introduce himself. He joined us a couple of 
years back, brings very rich experience in CDMO and Specialty Chemicals, 
and will take us through the Specialty Chemicals presentation. 
 
Ambrish Dixit: 
Thank you everyone, thank you Deepak. It is my privilege to be here and let 
me introduce myself, I am Ambrish Dixit, I am heading the specialty chemical 
business as a President – Specialty Chemicals, around 24 years of 
experience, out of that, almost 18 years with Specialty Chemical, 3 years in 
API, sales earlier. Out of 18 years, 2 years with Jubilant now. I’ve taken this 
role in May 2023 and 10 years with SRF in their Specialty Chemical business, 
6 years I was running a small company called Paushak in Phosgene specialty 
chemical.  
 
So, pleasure to be here and, no, really, thank you Deepak for introducing lot 
of stuff about out company, about our businesses. I will try to give you some 

Page 16 of 36 
 
more glimpse, how we have been operating, how we have been doing and 
what the future plans are. And, here, we operate 3 businesses in Specialty 
Chemical business, starting with Pyridine and Picoline, starting way back in 
1991, you know, we have been the largest player globally for last couple of 
years, you know, this marketplace has been invaded by Chinese. Despite the 
invasion we have been firm and today we are the largest producer of these 
materials in the world.  
 
Followed by, we have Fine Chemicals where it was started as a downstream 
for Pyridine and Picoline, you know where we forward integrated, started 
supplying and this story is also linked with our growth in the pharma market 
in early 2003, demand started coming up in pharma, especially on the API 
side for Pyridine derivative and it is further being diversified. Here, we have 
more than 50 products, out of this, 36 products are globally number 1. There 
are a couple of products which, you know, are coming from China, and a 
couple of products which are manufactured by a few small companies in India. 
So, we have a very strong global position on these products. Then, Deepak 
has talked about, we have also identified opportunities in Diketene, we 
entered a couple of years back, we have aspirations to become top 3 in the 
globe. We are not looking to dominate only in India, what we are looking for 
is to dominate the world. And based on today’s relationships, the kind of 
connections we are making, we are confident that we would be able to 
achieve one of the top 3 positions in the world in very near future, not too far.  
 
Coming to another piece, CDMO, which is our growth driver. Here, you know, 
we have been talking about agro, pharma, Semicon and I would be sharing 
some more details. So, all put together 50% is coming from domestic, 53% 
is coming from exports, 470+ customers, 50+ product lines, all put together, 
we are selling to agro, pharma, industrial paint, we are selling to consumer, 
etc. So, how this journey has been special for last 2 years, as you know, 
because I shared, so, our revenue has grown from Rs. 1,600cr, if you see, 
last trailing 12 months, we are Rs. 1,800cr+, our margins have improved. You 
know, despite the headwinds, the market, the Chinese onslaught and there’s 
nothing, you guys are really well aware, that it has become difficult to survive 
in the difficult market but still we have been able to prove our margins to 20% 
level, and then the plan is to take this to business to Rs. 6,000cr, with EBITDA 
of 25% and then, here our FC and CDMO business would be key drivers to 
take it to next level and obviously, our Pyridine will remain, you know, 
supplying to the market as well as, another good stuff is CDMO business is 
a capital incentive business, you know, you have to invest some large 
amount to take this business to the next level. Here, you know, management 
is very supportive, we have a very clear capex plan and we believe those 
opportunities, what we have, we should be able to achieve those numbers, 
what we are committing.  
 
Another area, you know, which we have identified is Semiconductors and, 
you know, cosmetics, which we have started working since last 4.5 years 
only. We believe that these are the new growth areas that can put us in a 
different map. But obviously, our primary driver would be coming from 
Pharma and Agro for next 3-4 years. Then, we are also looking for inorganic 
growth opportunity which fits into chemistry capability help us to offer more 
ancillary creating opportunity in the area we are operating in. Typically, we 
have been operating in 3-5 steps of chemistry, so can we go 10 step for that, 
you don’t require 1 chemistry, you require a couple of other chemistries to 

Page 17 of 36 
 
add in. So, we have 35 chemistries platform as on date, we do bromination, 
we do chlorides, you know, we do ethers, etc etc. But then we are looking to 
add further chemistries so that we can make way to offering more robust 
services to our customers. We are not looking to see products now. What we 
are looking to sell more and more is services which can help us to grow more 
with the customers.  
 
So, with this, I will talk about our Pyridine and Picoline, which is our legacy 
business which if you can see, we have been able to grow our volumes by 
150%, we have been able to grow our beta-picoline, other than our captive, 
10%, so, these are all merchant sales where we have more than 25% market 
share. We have, you know, Vertilabs, which was a US company that got 
closed around end of 22-23 and then we have been able to capitalize all 
those accounts, so rather than the Chinese getting intrigued by the margins, 
we have been able to sell, we have been able to capture 75% of those 
accounts which has also helped us to sell more volumes in markets.   
 
I think, Deepak also talked about oil fields, so we also sell certain pyridine 
derivatives in oil fields, and we believe that the kind of relation we have with 
the large players across the globe, US, Middle East, etc., we would be further 
diversifying launch in these 2 regions. So, for our PNP business whose 
relations will become our backbone, and we believe that we will be focusing 
on this in the near future. And then, obviously, Vijay will talk about, we have 
a lot of cost initiatives and 80%+ capacity utilization which will make sure that 
we remain present in the market. And, last but not the least, PNP will continue 
to have very high captive demand from our business in FC and CDMO which 
will allow us to optimize on the other margins.  
 
Coming to Fine chemicals, you know, Fine Chemicals again, I could say that 
there are 2 parts running this business, one is PNP derivatives which is the 
forward integration. Here, we have 36+ products where we are the number 1 
in the globe, we have typically from 50%+ to 75% market share average to 
55%, we have 5 new products we wrapped up in last 1 year. We are also 
further exploring talking to innovators or any new molecule which is in the 
pipeline will definitely come to us due to our unique position of being non, the 
only non-Chinese player who can play large.  
 
Then we have Diketene which we launched a couple of years back. Now, 
here, we had initial tipping issues and we have been scaling up. We have 6 
products, 4 we will be launching this year. We are actually you know, 70% of 
our plants already being utilized, we have launched 2 new plants within last 
1 year, we are scaling up further. We are also planning to multipurpose our 
various products for Diketene. So, Diketene as a chemistry, we have been 
doing acetic anhydride which is primary Ketene and Diketene has been a 
natural extension, so based on these extensions, we believe that acetic 
anhydride, we have been handling ketene chemistry for the last, since 1980, 
for 40 years+, diketene for last few years but we can play this game really, 
for a really long time and we are pretty confident that we will be able to grow 
this existing business almost 2 times in the next 4-5 years.  
 
Again, for Fine Chemicals, there is an attractive market, we have existing 
products, we have relationships in place and we have chemistries 
differentiation in the capability, in terms of the various other chemistries which 
are required to sell this product and that is a reason we have this belief that 

Page 18 of 36 
 
we would be able to achieve these targets with dedicated teams of Anurag, 
or Yuvraj or Amit, who have been running business, who have been with us 
since last 10 years+, they know this chemistry, the team which are handling 
this Pyridine and all its derivatives have been with us for a number of years. 
So, with this we should be able to grow our existing business by at least 2 
times.  
 
Now coming to the CDMO, you know, which is a buzz word. Everybody talks 
about CDMO, everybody talks about whether CDMO is good or whether 
catalogue products are good, or a mix of both of them is good. So, if you see 
all big players in Indian market, very few are CDMO players, many of them 
are having their own products where they have global positions and then 
there are certain products who are offering those services as an extension of 
those capabilities. So, I think Jubilant is very unique in that sense where we 
have global positions and along with the CDMO business we can see 
ourselves as a global leader in those set of products. CDMO, again, we have 
further bifurcated in 3 parts. One is Agro, we have been on that space for 
long but more selling of our own products, second is Pharma and third is 
Semicon which we just initiated rolling of.   
 
I think CDMO Agro, Deepak has already talked about, we have signed a 
$300mn contract, we have another contract with another innovator. So, out 
of top 10, 7 are our big customers. We have that relationship, we have been 
able to forward that pipeline, we have been able to extend our relationships 
to our customers, couple of months we had multiple roadshows, we had 
multiple visits to the customers. I think, I, along with my team has travelled at 
least thrice to US, many more times to Europe, China, Japan. We have 
somebody in Japan, we have a China office, we are hiring and moving some 
of our internal talent to Europe or further accelerating the touch base with our 
customer. In US, we have offices, and we are further expanding those offices 
with great talent. So, we are increasing the touch base with the customer on 
the CDMO as well as on the Fine Chemicals side, which we believe will help 
us to infuse this pipeline. And then, Vijay will talk about, we have proved our 
executions, so, in terms of the capex which should take about 20-22 months, 
we are now targeting let’s say 12 months or 14 months all put together.  
 
Coming to the pharma side, you know pharma has been a backbone for 
Jubilant in a very long time. Here, as I already shared, we have more 
accelerated our efforts to hire more resources, we have 9 molecules under 
development, we have already known some certain innovators for a very 
good long time. We believe the kind of relationship, the kind of trust, will help 
us to grow further. We have some more discussions happening. So, all put 
together, Pharma and Agro, we have a strong belief that the kind of relations 
will definitely help us to multiply the business to come.  
 
Semicon is an area everyone is talking about, semiconductor, one is the 
Indian supply chain which will take some time to evolve. So, what we have 
done, we have gone to the US, we have gone to Japan and Taiwan, we have, 
to understand what kind of synthetic chemistry has been asked for, and here 
we have been further able to identify certain molecules which are under 
discussion. We believe, you know, we thought we helped the revenues come 
a little early but definitely there are more challenges in terms of chemistry 
capabilities or purification etc. But we believe that we should be able to have 
some good revenues very soon, starting from next year onwards.  

Page 19 of 36 
 
 
Then, you know Pyridine and Picoline, we have been selling for a number of 
years and there is also an application in semiconductors, electronics side. 
Where we are also in the process of working out and launching this molecule 
where there should be reasonable volume coming in. And then, this requires 
capex, this requires specific plants, specific labs, which we are also working 
on and so Deepak will the one sharing the news in terms of when we are 
going to get it approved. So, with all this, what we are looking for, and good 
part for our CDMO business, we are looking at least 5x growth in the next 2 
years. And I’m very pleased to share that we have already clarity for more 
than 70% of the POs in hand, so technically 3.5x anyways it will happen and 
then we are talking about taking it to another 2x. So, all put together, by FY30, 
it would be something like  7x growth happening and what we are hoping 
aggressively and so we are hoping with multiyear contracts happening with 
the Agro innovators which is not only just for existing molecules, we are 
getting into new molecules. One of the new molecules that we launched 
commercially and we believe that it would be one of the blockbusters in the 
world, so we’ll also grow with the innovators, as it grows.  
 
We are further increasing efforts to take it to the next level, the kind of 
molecules that we are getting, will help us further increasing these numbers. 
So, on the CDMO side we are confident with the kind of infrastructure we are 
putting in, the kind of capex we are putting in, the kind of relationship we have, 
or we are increasing, we’ll ensure this kind of growth coming in.  
 
So, with this, I will take a pause, really appreciate your time for hearing me 
out and then I would like to invite my colleague Ashish to talk about nutrition. 
Thank you very much. 
 
Ashish Sinha: 
Thank you Ambrish. So, I am Ashish Sinha, I handle Animal Nutrition and 
Health Solutions business. I have been with Jubilant for the past 6 years and 
before that I was with Reckitt Benckiser, GSK Consumer, Novartis Consumer, 
ITC and Diageo. Before I take you through the nutrition and health solutions 
growth plan, I would request each of you that there is a QR code kept on your 
table, so you can scan the QR code and send the questions, if you have any, 
to us.  
 
So, in Nutrition and Health Solutions business, we have a very strong 
presence in animal and human nutrition. We have a very robust portfolio 
spanning across animal and human nutrition. So, in animal nutrition we are 
globally number 2 in niacinamide which is vitamin B3, and we are domestic 
leaders in choline chloride, which is vitamin B4. Apart from this, we also have 
more than 18 branded formulations, so, these formulations go into feed 
additives, so poultry feed, pet food, dairy feed, aqua feed, swine feed, it goes 
into that. So, it basically enhances the performance of the animal by 
increasing the nutritive value in the feed. So, this is the product that we have 
in animal nutrition.  
 
While in human nutrition we have choline salts, which is like vitamin B4, in 
the form of choline chloride and choline bitartrate which goes in pharma as 
well as nutritional products. We also have niacinamide for food application 
as well as cosmetic application, which goes into human application. This 
apart, we are planning to foray into pre-mixes which goes into nutraceuticals 

Page 20 of 36 
 
and nutritional powders. Apart from that, we are also planning to identify 
some more straight nutritional ingredients to get into that.  
 
So, in terms of geographical revenue, we have around 74% of our revenue 
coming from our export markets and balance coming from domestic markets. 
So, our customers is very robust and so we have around 400+ customers 
globally who have been associated with us for a long time and in terms of 
split between animal and human nutrition, so, 69% of our business comes 
from animal nutrition and balance comes from human nutrition.  
 
So, in terms of the pinnacle vision for the business, nutrition and health 
solutions business, so, our vision is to triple the revenue by FY30 and almost 
double the bottom line, so almost current 12% EBITDA margin, we want to 
take it to 18-20% and how we will do this, the growth drivers that you can see 
on the right hand side of the slide. So, the first is niacinamide cosmetic grade, 
so we have already commenced production for the newly commenced plant 
for the niacinamide cosmetic grade that we will double down and ramp up 
the niacinamide cosmetic grade and food grade from there. That we are 
doubling down on human nutrition, so on human nutrition we are focusing on 
pre-mixes, we have already launched choline chloride and choline bitartrate, 
which goes into human nutrition and pharmaceuticals, we are ramping up 
those values.  
 
We are also to go ahead with the capex, we are working on green filed GMP 
plant for choline chloride and choline bitartrate, and the third one is speciality 
formulations, now speciality formulations, these go into animal feed, these 
are like vitamins, minerals pre-mixes, emulsifiers, herbal formulations which 
go into feed which has more higher margin and more stickiness with the 
customer and which has more traction in India and the neighbouring markets. 
So, we will double down on this also. While doing this, so there will be a 
fundamental shift in the entire portfolio which we have currently. So, currently 
if you see, 33% of our revenue in nutrition and health solutions segment 
comes from food, cosmetics and speciality pre-mixes. This year, this will 
increase to 36%, with increased focus on the speciality formulations and the 
food products which we have on our portfolio. By FY30, we will take it to 67%. 
Now, as I have said, how will this grow? This will grow with increased focus 
on doubling down and focusing more on human nutrition pre-mixes.  
 
We have also deployed a dedicated team for leveraging the full potential on 
human nutrition, as Deepak has said. Vishal has joined us and leading the 
human nutrition efforts for us. Then, we are pushing on CC CBT, which is the 
choline chloride and choline bitartrate, vitamin B4, and as I have said, we are 
planning to take a capex for that for Green Field GMP manufacturing facility 
for that. Then niacinamide which has already been commissioned for food 
grand and cosmetic grade, we are ramping up the volumes for that and very 
soon we will take up the leader board and number 1 position in niacinamide 
globally and we are adding more pre-mixes in the feed additives segment. 
So, that’s the whole chart on how we want to achieve this aspirational growth 
numbers as well as the higher bottom line. So, with that, I’ll call my colleague 
Himanshu, who heads the chemical intermediates business to tell the 
chemical intermediates plan. 
 
Himanshu Dhapola:My name is Himanshu, I take care of the chemical intermediates business 
division here in Jubilant Ingrevia. Super excited to be in front of all of you 

Page 21 of 36 
 
guys and happy to take you through all acetyl or the chemical intermediates 
business. So, you might have already heard from Mr Bhartia, or Deepak, 
chemical intermediates being the building block not only for Ingrevia, but from 
where our name comes, you know, chemicals for life, ingredients of life, truly, 
this encompasses the true meaning of that with the variety of application of 
what we have. Our chemical intermediates business touches all through the 
applications, you know, and it gives us that relationship which all of us talked 
about, in terms of customer base, huge customer base, in terms of 
application, most variety you could see in pharma, agro, nutrition, consumer, 
industrial, everywhere this product goes. So, what does it create? It creates 
a customer base, it creates a relationship, it creates a strength which can 
sometimes be used to even open the doors for the other products. So, we 
are there to serve those segments.  
 
How we are split in terms of our business? We are almost 70-30, 70% 
domestic business and around 30% export business, primarily led by Europe 
and you could see that in the bulk business we have really pushed our 
capabilities, and we are among the top 2 players in acetic anhydride, globally. 
And, in this market, in this scenario considering the global players around, 
this is significant achievement in terms of how we place and prove ourselves 
in the market over the years. Ethyl Acetate, we still remain a very significant 
player in the market and some of you, one of you did call me out outside that 
where we are on this product. Sir, we are still there, and we are still a 
significant player in the market and we will continue to be a significant player 
in this business. We have other products, and we continue to run that, be it 
acetaldehyde, be it bio - acetic acid, be it formaldehyde, be it Propionic-
Anhydride, so we are in this business. 
 
How we have shaped up and how we are going to play a role going forward 
in our Pinnacle 345 strategy. So, what we are looking or what we are 
proposing. As such, we are looking at an increase by 1.5 times in the topline, 
currently we are somewhere around Rs. 1700cr of the topline with around 8% 
of EBITDA. So, what we are looking at, by FY30, we should be atleast Rs. 
2500cr for chemical intermediates division with 10-12% EBITDA, which is a 
normal, standard % in our kind of business. And how we are going to achieve 
that is a critical question.  
 
The critical role is that we will maintain our market share and we will grow 
our market share,  we will maintain our market share in a market like in India, 
and we will grow our market share in a market like Europe, and we will also 
enter into new markets which we have either not touch based  or not focused 
on in the past, where South-East Asia being a market, US being a market, 
Turkey being a market for that matter, in all those areas. How we are going 
to do that is not only by efforts in the market but by also improving the cost 
positions. So, I’m sure Vijay will take you through all the initiatives we are 
taking but then it’s a very significant progress that we have done in terms of 
the initiatives we have launched. How to make our business more 
sustainable by looking at the cost structure and where we can improve those 
processes. And, of course, as we move along, the margins will increase and 
then we could again see the 10-12% EBITDA levels. 
 
Acetic anhydride, I know many of you also talked about acetic anhydride 
because, within our portfolio, one of the major components, we have had 
challenges, yes, we have had challenges in India in terms of demands 

Page 22 of 36 
 
projection, certain applications in India, if you have seen the challenges, you 
know that the demand in India has gone down. But I can assure you that we 
have not only maintained our market share, we have increased our market 
share even in this depressed market. So, we are around 74% market share 
in India despite all the challenges and we are looking at Europe market at, 
you know, in Europe, you have already seen, because of the Ukraine war, it 
has been a challenging involvement overall, but there also we have been 
able to maintain our market share. In fact, we have also grown our market 
share, if I leave India and Europe outside, we have significantly grown our 
share in the RoW market. And that’s a mandate that we have, we have to 
focus on these markets, grow our footprint and probably, you know, as you 
move along, knock the doors of the customers, gain those entries and again 
be back as the number 1 producer of acetic anhydride globally. 
 
Other key products, you know, what we have in this time, apart from focusing 
on acetic anhydride, we have grown almost 30% of our ethyl acetate 
business. Like I said, someone was asking me outside that why we are 
vacating this space, no sir, we are not, we are coming more stronger in this. 
Propionic-Anhydride, we have increased our business in this, acetaldehyde, 
you know, almost 180% we have increased and this product we have not 
only increased in India, we have also started exporting this product. So, we 
are also focusing on all other areas in this product portfolio where we have a 
space to grow ourselves, where we have a space to grow the product 
availability we have with us, to capitalize on the enormous customer base we 
have built over the years because of the other products, and we hope we can 
continue to do that.  
 
With this, I’ll call on Deepak to take us through this exciting journey. Thanks. 
 
Deepak Jain:  
So, hopefully that gave you a good glimpse about the bottom-up work that is 
happening in each of our business units. Now, of course the businesses 
cannot perform unless we have a strong foundation of all the enablers 
helping them. There are 6 of them that I showed in the pinnacle strategy 
phase. The first one, I’ll just quickly talk about them and invite Vijay to come 
over and explain them in detail. The first one is about customer first approach 
or customer centricity as I explained. I think last year we took the big initiative 
here of key account management.  
 
We mapped out our big customers, identified almost 30-35 of them, some of 
them came from acetyls as well, as Himanshu explained, what acetyls 
portfolio does is that it gives us access to the big customers and on the back 
of those relationships, we have been able to open up conversations to talk 
about our broader portfolio and newer opportunities. So, for these 30+ 
customers, we did a bottom-up mapping of all opportunities across our 
portfolio of 130+ products that we have today but also studied what their 
priorities are. Many of them are listed so they have announced their 
strategies, they have announced what they are going to do and many of them 
have specifically talked about what they are planning to do in India and how 
they are looking for new partners so when we leverage all of that groundwork 
and went out to meet all the customers, as Ambrish was mentioning, all of us 
were on the road last year between March and September-October, went 
and met almost 120+ customers right at the senior most level, discussed with 
them what we bring to the table, reintroduced the new Jubilant Ingrevia, our 
new strategy and what we bring to the table and of course talked to them 

Page 23 of 36 
 
about some of the potential hooks we had in our armour for them and that 
generated a conversation of new opportunities which runs into 100s or 
possibly 1,000s of crores. Now, of course, not all of those will materialize 
because some of them are just ideas at this stage but what it does is a very 
clear sense of potential opportunities and areas where our customers are 
focusing on and we are now in a focused way speaking to those customers, 
following up on our discussion to see if we can convert any of the 
opportunities into real commercial revenues for ourselves.  
 
The second is on world class operations, I won’t go into the detail of that, I’ll 
invite Vijay in a minute and he’ll cover each aspect of it in detail and after that 
R&D, I talked about, we are investing, we will be investing even more, we are 
expanding our team almost every passing month, we have got some new 
senior talent also, both in R&D and technology side. We are setting up a new 
process safety lab because a lot of our customers in MNC space expect us 
to have even higher standards of safety and processes than we ever had. 
So, we are setting up a lab in our Greater Noida facility which we will be 
focusing just on process safety and that is just one example.  
 
Like, we are creating a technological cell and centers of excellence which 
Vijay will explain how that will help us create the right infrastructure to deliver 
on this growth. Digitally, obviously, the surge program that I talked about, 
which we started couple of years back has really good results, Mr Bhartia 
talked about it, will continue with that journey. We got lighthouse for one of 
our facilities, our aspiration is to get it for atleast one more plant within next 
2 years and we are working towards that by introducing all these 
interventions across all the other plants as well.  
 
We have, on the supply chain, Birajeev, who just joined us a few months 
back. He comes with a very deep experience of looking at supply chain in a 
different way. He comes from a digital background, so we are re-looking at 
every aspect of our supply chain, bringing digital intervention, making it more 
agile, lean, responsive and efficient and that is giving us synergies and some 
of the savings, Vijay will talk about it in phase 2 of that, I mentioned in the 
last investor call, it has already started, a significant portion of that will be 
driven by the supply chain.  
 
And finally on the people side, we have improved the productivity of our 
plants. I’m not sharing all of that data but a lot of savings in our lean program, 
not all but a significant portion of that has come from productivity 
improvement. We have applied our performance management systems with 
a lot more discipline and wherever we had inefficiencies or lacuna in our 
organization, we have cleaned that up, we are still cleaning and we are 
getting new talent, more capable talent into the organization which it needed 
to not just bridge the gap but to bring in fresh energy and momentum which 
it needed for this transformation. So, these are the 6 parts, and we will talk 
about 3 of them. I think the customer one, I have already explained so I will 
not go deeper into this stage.  
 
But let me just invite now Vijay, who is our chief of operations, and he will 
talk about some of the initiatives in more detail on how we have done them 
and what are the benefits we have already gotten, and possibly more benefits 
are coming in years or next few quarters.  
 

Page 24 of 36 
 
Vijay Srivastava: Thanks Deepak and thanks everybody for coming here today and listening 
us patiently for almost 2 hours now. My name is Vijay Srivastava, I think you 
have already heard the name. I am graduate from IIT Kharagpur, passed out 
in 1998, having a 24 year of industrial experience, worked in different 
companies like Dupont, United Phosphorus, Deepak Nitrite and others.  
 
So, in my discussion today, I’ll talk on 4 major elements, cost reduction, then 
I’ll talk about ESG, safety and digitalization. I’ll talk about what we were able 
to do so far now and also give you a perspective looking forward, down the 
line so that you get an confidence of how we are taking the strategy to the 
next level. This year, as Deepak has already said, we could reduce our cost 
by Rs. 120cr. The most of these savings are coming from the different 
initiatives we are taking at plant level, we are focused on renewal power 
energy and that has helped us to really reduce our cost by improving our 
efficiency in boilers, we have formed a centre of excellence, we have done 
an assessment of our boilers compared with the best practices of other 
companies are following internationally and based on that we have 
developed a program which has been implemented across the sites and we 
could gain an efficiency of around 9% in boiler, which is significant.  
 
Second, we feel we are sourcing our power differently, earlier we used to get 
all our power from grid except Gajraula and this year we have purchased 
some of the power through exchange and also signed short term contract, 
we have signed a long-term contract, which Deepak was saying, which will 
benefit down the line, next year onwards. Productivity improvement, this is 
an area we continue to work on, I’m also a sigma black belt so once a strategy 
is made up, I find it, I mean, our team is quite capable to looking into it in 
detail and have a laser sharp approach to provide a solution to those issues, 
and that is helping us, I mean, all of this has led to saving Rs. 120cr. We 
have a line of sight to get additional Rs. 100cr saving each year moving 
forward. I’ll touch base on this in other slide.  
 
So, these are the kind of 5 main pillars where the savings are coming from. 
Energy, as I said, already explained to you, 17% improvement we see there. 
Effluent is another area we are working on and, as Deepak was telling, and 
another colleague that we are working on centre of excellence, so here we 
have formed a centre of excellence team who is looking at how are we 
treating our effluents. And we had a major success in one of the big products 
we are making at our Gajraula site, and that initiative itself has given us good 
improvement. Now similar project we have built for other product as well and 
I think this year and next year we will continue to get savings from effluent 
treatment setup. Our target is to significantly reduce our effluents and when 
I’m going to talk about ESG initiatives, this will also give us a good benefit 
there. Today, our, 95% of our total waste we are recycling.  
 
In terms of norms, again we have formed a group who is doing external 
benchmarking for us, looking at how we are making our product, what are 
the new technologies happening, not only in chemical, but in other industries 
and then how do we leverage those technologies in our plant and then drive 
the improvement, so that is giving us a good saving. The number is 1% for 
this year but moving forward this will go up significantly. Lean, we have 
looked at the entire function including operation, supply chain, quality, 
maintenance, projects and then we identify the pocket where there is 
opportunity for us to drive the improvement and those are the areas we have 

Page 25 of 36 
 
quickly worked on and then reduced the number of people, and thus we see 
a productivity improvement of 20% coming from there. Digital, so far, 30 high 
impact initiatives are implemented, and these initiatives are cutting across all 
other areas, like, we have an initiative in energy, we have put APC in one of 
the boilers where we are taking a trial on how automatically all parameters of 
boiler is maintained and it is running efficiently. So, similarly, it is 
implemented in different functions there. 
 
Now, I’m switching gears, talking about ESG. A company who has a vision 
to become a world class operation cannot go there if you don’t focus on ESG. 
So, this has been a focus area for us. Environment, in the scope 1 and 2 we 
have achieved a 6% reduction and moving forward, we are expecting another 
6-8% reduction in the coming, in the next 2 years’ time. As I was talking about 
waste here, recyclability - 95%. That’s a big number for a chemical company.  
 
On social part, we have a strong, in our Jubilant-Bhartia group, our CSR 
activity, we spend a lot of time and energy behind it and so far, close to 1mn 
lives are being impacted due to the work we do on CSR. 90,000 health 
consultations have been provided by us. Diversity is another area which we 
are working on. Currently our diversity is at 6%, we want to take it to 20%, 
there is a program put in place. Next 3-4 years’ time, that is where we want 
to take our organization to. In terms of ESG rating, Akash has already talked 
about it, so I’m not going to touch on this but those are the kind of good 
reflector that external bodies are recognizing the work we are doing and 
that’s how those ratings are coming.  
 
Safety, this is a pillar which we wanted to build on. This will not only help us 
to make sure that we reach to the top but also sustain it. Our focus is on 3 
pillars here, one is workplace safety, process safety and then we are working 
on building a culture. Workplace safety, we have made a good progress on 
this part and the work progress is coming from there. Process safety, again, 
we have found a CoE, centre of excellence, we have placed down the best 
vertical which has to be implemented in the chemical industry and most of 
these are already, I would not say, matured at the level it should be, but we 
have implemented it and now our current focus is to build a culture around it, 
that’s the last 2 parts. So leadership and we have put up an auditing process. 
Our intent is, in the Bradley curve, we want to move from reactive zone to the 
interdependent and this will happen, generally it will take us 2 years to reach 
there, but we are very confident that we will be reaching there, our safety 
performance has already started showing significant improvements. I mean, 
compared to last year, all the data is available but, compared to last year we 
have improved both in lagging as well as leading indicators.  
 
Digitalization, this is, we believe that this is the game changer for chemical 
industry. So far, Indian chemical industry has not made significant process, 
so we are the early movers there and this advantage we want to continue to 
hold. As Deepak was saying, close to 200+ digital interventions have been 
already implemented. We have 36+, sorry 26+ CoE who is working at 
different sites and functions and helping us to make sure that these 
interventions that we are developing are implemented. Here, 60+ people in 
the plant, who have formed a team and looking after different initiatives that 
we are implementing across the sites. We have another 300 interventions in 
the pipeline with this group of 26+, almost 80 people, they are going to do a 

Page 26 of 36 
 
funnel activity, identify the opportunities which we need to take to the next 
level and that is how the program will be driven throughout.  
 
So, that is pretty much from my side on operations. I’ll invite Varun, our CFO 
to talk about the financial plan and digitally. 
 
Varun Gupta: 
Good evening, everybody, I hope everybody is as excited as me listening 
about the Pinnacle 345 plans and the transformation that this organization 
has gone through in the past 12 months. Before I take you through the 
financial plan, a one liner introduction about me. I joined this company in 
August last year and prior to that I was with Unilever for 18 years. And last 6 
months have been truly exciting, a lot to do, a lot done.  
 
So, all the plans that all the business heads and Deepak have shared, what 
does it mean financially? So, if I take you to the next slide. One key metric 
that we keep tracking is our ROCE, from sub 8% last year it has gone up 
significantly to 12% in this last quarter that we reported, and we intend to take 
it to 17-20% in the coming years. And there will be key 3 big drivers for that. 
One, as the portfolio shifts from Chemical Intermediaries dominant towards 
speciality business and nutrition business, which is far more profitable. Our 
return on assets will improve significantly. As Deepak shared, our exports will 
increase from a current 45-50% to 60%+ in the future and our spread of 
chemicals will be more than 60% so that’s the one key big driver.  
 
Second, as Vijay mentioned, the savings program that we have unleashed in 
the organization which is going to consistently deliver Rs. 100cr+ per annum 
will increase the return substantially. And these savings are not one time 
savings, these are systematic savings which are taking the cost permanently 
out of the business. So, our asset returns significantly improves, especially 
in the utilities areas. Thirdly, the discipline that we have inculcated in our 
business, especially in the capital allocation that we are going to do, we will 
be much more controlled. Nothing less than 20% return will be invested in. 
So, these 3 drivers will improve the ROCE sequentially, and we intend to 
reach it sooner than later, 17-20%.  
 
Now, the second key metric that we will be focusing on is the cash conversion 
and the net debt to EBITDA ratios, and you will see consistent improvements 
in our cash conversion also. From a sub-90% last year, we are sequentially 
going to, are delivering 100% cash conversion to EBITDA and we intend to 
keep it this way for the coming quarters. It will be done through really 
optimizing our working capital by increasing our credit days and managing 
our inventory well and the other is releasing the cash from the tapped assets. 
The second one is really how do we manage our net debt, so we will try to 
reduce it from 1.5 and bring it down to the range of 1.2-1.3 by improving our 
ROCE and profitability ahead of investment plans. So, together with ROCE 
and better cash management, we see a much better balance sheet and P&L 
because of the better mix and EBITDA. This will not be possible without the 
sequential, systematic improvement of our financial processes. We are in 
journey to automate our end-to-end processes, be it in the procure to pay or 
in the analytics or putting strong guardrails around our project management 
or our consolidation and putting the robotic process automation, RPAs, for 
end-to-end processes. So, idea is to remove all non-judgemental activities 
and automate it, so that teams can be focused more on business partnering 
and we can be much more efficient and digitized. So, better return more cash 

Page 27 of 36 
 
and more automated services in a business which is more speciality driven 
and far more profitable, that’s the whole summary.  
 
So, if I have to summarize, what this entire transformation will mean like, we’ll 
be touching Rs. 10-12,000cr of topline by financial year 2030. and if I have 
to see if we are on track of it, 4 times on EBITDA from where we started, so, 
in the range of Rs. 2,000cr by 2030. and if you see this year’s results for the 
first 3 quarters there’s a big improvement we have done from where we 
started a year back. ROCE, as I mentioned, from 8%, we are already 
touching 12% in the last quarter through portfolio mix and better cost savings 
and more discipline, and the net debt to EBITDA ratios to be in a controlled 
way in around 1-1.3, these are the 4 key matrices that we will there as a 
result of Pinnacle 345.  
 
With that, I’d like to hand it over back to Deepak but also, I would like to 
remind all of you to please scan the QR and put in the questions. I have seen 
a few questions, pretty interesting ones, I’d like to see more interesting 
questions coming from all of you. Thank you. 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Varun. So, I think we have exceeded the time and apologies for 
that, but I thought it gave you a good, holistic and integrated perspective on 
what Ingrevia is and what is it doing. Just to round it up, I am an ex-consultant, 
so the presentation will not be completed unless I present the investment 
thesis for you guys as potential investors or existing investors.  
 
I think we have a wonderful platform at Ingrevia, we are on the right track. 
The end users segment, that I showed the data also are attractive with 
secular and robust long term growth and higher margins. Number 2, the 
growth is rapid and we are hoping to touch the Rs. 10-12000 cr in the next 5 
years with higher margins closing almost 17-18% atleast, if not more on the 
back of all the growth drivers we discussed today. Number 3 , increased 
focus towards high value and specialty segments in our overall specialty 
portfolio but also in our nutritional portfolio as Ashish showed the mix almost 
flipping from 67-33 to 33-67.  
 
Creating new growth platforms, semiconductors, cosmetics, human nutrition 
and to some extent, oil field also which Ambrish talked about, these are the 
new growth vectors which we can already see and smell the opportunities in 
these areas, we will invest. Some of them will give meaningfully large 
revenues in the next 4-5 years, some of them may take longer, but the idea 
is to create this platform in not just the next 4-5 years but also for the growth 
that we foresee even subsequent to that. Diversified portfolio, I think I started 
my presentation by saying this that, look at our portfolio, it is a complex 
portfolio, even I took 6 months to learn about the portfolio after joining.  
 
We have to keep simplifying it in terms of getting rid of areas which don’t 
perform or don’t have the potential, but we have already cleaned up quite a 
bit but still, the portfolio is complex. But what it also does is bring diversity 
and balance to our portfolio. You just saw this year that acetyl has not done 
well for us unfortunately, but the other 2 businesses have stood up and held 
us together and have given us the growth and profitability that we were 
looking for.  
 

Page 28 of 36 
 
The operations, I will invite those of you who are interested in our operations 
to visit our plants. Mr Bhartia talked about our 2 big plants - Bharuch and 
Gajraula. We are doing a lot of changes, some of our plants are old but we 
are investing in them, we are ensuring that the plants are safe, they are 
reliable and at the same time we are investing in new plants. We created 6 
new plants in 1-1.5 years, and we have plans to create at least 2-3 more in 
the coming 12 months. Thereafter, we will be investing almost every year, 
significantly to create more plants, because that is needed for the future 
growth and finally, you met all the team members and with that I’ll also invite 
my leadership team on the stage for the Q&A. We have an experienced and 
energized leadership team. It’s a good balance between the old hands at 
Ingrevia who know the system, who know the capability but also a lot of fresh 
blood and thinking in the company which will hopefully take us forward.  
 
So, that’s just a quick summary, let me just invite all the leaders from Ingrevia 
on the stage so that we can start the Q&A. So please come over and we can 
take the questions, Pavleen if you and Partha can moderate, we’ll take the 
questions, atleast some of them. I don’t know how many questions we have 
but we will try to take as many as possible. Sumit, please come. Vishal, Amit, 
Yuvraj, Anurag. Some of the members did not present but let me introduce 
you to them as they come on the stage.  
 
Sumit leads our Vitamin B3 business and has been with the company for 12+ 
years, or 14 years rather. He knows A, B, C, D, E, F of vitamin B3. Himanshu, 
you met, I think, where are the other members? Yuvraj, so Yuvraj runs our 
CDMO business. Vishal has joined us just about 10 days back, is leading our 
human nutrition business. Anurag leads fine chemicals business, has been 
there for 12 years. Amit has been with us for a while but took over the pyridine 
and picoline business, about a year back. Am I missing somebody? Where 
is Partha? Partha is our strategy head and he is the administrator of this 
Pinnacle 345 strategy and has done a lot of leg work for this investor day as 
well and Pavleen also you know.  
 
I think all of us are here to take some questions so Pavleen, you tell us and 
we will go around. Obviously, all of us are around post dinner and at the 
booth so please catch us if you have any specific questions. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
First of all, thank you everyone for submitting your questions. A couple of 
interesting questions have come up and we would like to address as many 
of them as possible. So, we would first start with the question which is for 
Deepak in which the participant has asked Deepak and promoters have done 
various road show meetings, various potential customers globally, what has 
been the key common takeaways from interacting with these customers and 
how has been your conversion in getting business from these customers? 
 
Deepak Jain: 
 
Sorry Pavleen, I didn’t get the second part of this question. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Second part is what has been your conversion in getting business from these 
customers? 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Okay. Yeah, so good question. I’ll touch upon it briefly. As I said, we have 
been travelling around. All the businesses, like if I say personally, some of 
them have done many more trips. I have been to Europe 4 times in the last 
1 year, US 2 times, and Japan once and China once and South-East Asia a 

Page 29 of 36 
 
couple of times. And obviously, in India we have 50% business so a lot of 
trips to Hyderabad, to Ahmedabad, to Baroda and Mumbai. But some of the 
key takeaways I would say, I think the very first thing our customers have 
appreciated is the new direction and changed Jubilant that we talked about 
in this room also in the last 2 hours.  
 
What are we changing? Even yesterday, some of our biggest customers 
were talking about pyridine but in the 2-hour session, we didn’t talk about 
pyridine at all. Now, some of you won’t even believe that Jubilant going to a 
customer and not even talking about Pyridine because Jubilant and pyridine 
are synonymous, but for 2 hours, all we talked about was what were their 
new molecules coming up, how can we accelerate some of those projects on 
the CDMO side, we can accelerate and what other areas can we support 
them on their growth. So, I think, our customers acknowledged that we are 
changing, we are listening to them, and we are talking a different language 
than just going and talking about pyridine and pyridine crisis and volumes.  
 
Number 2, of course, with at least 35 of those customers which we are calling, 
we went with a lot of groundwork and preparation, before seeing them, in 
terms of identifying their focus areas and priorities and which molecules are 
they looking to outsource, so, which I explained earlier part of our TAM 
initiative. So, that led to a more meaningful and constructive dialogue. And in 
many of those, customers have told us that we should look at their molecules, 
as I said, we have created a big pipeline on the back of that. Some of that 
have converted and it will be quite foolish to expect a big proportion of that 
converting within a year. All of it we are looking as a multi-year journey and 
relationship, but a few big contracts that we have announced and what you 
saw coming as an upside blip in our revenue trajectory, gives us the 
confidence that the conversions will also follow. So, honestly, at this stage, I 
am not worries about the conversions because we are doing the right thing, 
customers are engaging, they are opening up leads for us and we are 
following up and we have the capabilities to convert on them so conversions 
will happen, if not immediately, then in coming quarters or years. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Deepak. The next question is on Pyridine derivatives. How much 
of the base Pyridine is consumed captively and with expansion of pyridine 
portfolio, how do you see the mix getting changed over a period of years? 
Also, if you can share out of these 36 derivatives, how many of these would 
be campaign based and the current contribution to specialty chemicals? 
What we see today is the new leadership team helping us in the 
transformation journey and your thoughts on the retention of this talent to 
achieve your desired goals? 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Pavleen, you’ll have to simplify the question. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Okay. There were 2 questions actually, the first one is for Ambrish, and the 
second one is for Deepak. 
 
Ambrish Dixit: 
So, I think, you know, on the pyridine derivatives side, we have 7 plants which 
are multi-purpose plants, there are certain streams which are dedicated for 
certain molecules where volumes are large but these are all multi-purpose 
plants, then you know, certain products are 24x7x365 days, certain products 
are on campaign basis, so, it’s a mix of the lot. Now, the other question, 
Pavleen, was on the? 

Page 30 of 36 
 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
If you can share out of these 36 derivatives, how many of these would be 
campaign based and the current contribution to specialty chemicals? 
 
Ambrish Dixit: 
I think when we say 36, it’s a majority I think, almost 80%+ would be where 
we are market leaders and contributing to our FC sales and our PnP 
derivatives. Obviously, diketene are also there, which are more dedicated in 
nature, but it’s a mix of the lot. And it has been pretty old, we have been in 
these products for almost 20 years, all put together as a derivative journey. 
So, these are very strong large products, this is a large portfolio, primarily 
serving to pharma, agro and industrial, consumer, food, nutrition etc. We are 
selling across the globe, domestic. US, we sell within China as well, we sell 
to Japan. Europe sales is relatively large across the globe, other than India. 
So, it’s a big slot. 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Yeah, so, I think part of the question was whether they were campaign based 
products. So, because there are so many derivatives, and we make them in 
our multi-purpose plants. We have 7 multi-purpose plants in Gajraula and 
building the 8th one. So, obviously, these have to be campaign based 
products, all these are speciality, these are not the bulk volume based 
products. So, we know, who those customers are, and they give us the 
visibility and we do the real-time planning and scheduling and production of 
the products in out multi-purpose plants. So, yeah, these are campaign-
based products, but for many of them, for all of them, customers know us for 
several years and they give us visibility well in advance for us to plan that up. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
So, the next question from the same participant is, what we see today is the 
new leadership team helping us in the transformation journey and your 
thoughts on the retention of this talent to achieve your desired goals? This is 
for Deepak. 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Obviously, not just for our industry and company, finding the right talent and 
retaining them is the biggest challenge if you ask me. We have been lucky to 
find , first retain whatever good talent Ingrevia anyway had and then we as a 
group are known as somebody who can find and retain the talent not just in 
this business but in other businesses also, so we obviously had a good start 
but we also have been very lucky to find some of the new talent, some of 
them standing here. I think, for me at least, now I am saying as somebody 
who has been on the other side as a consultant, the biggest thing that helps 
in retention of the talent is whether we are excited about the mission and the 
challenge that has been taken. I think I personally feel, and you should 
interact with the team, and they will talk, I don’t want to speak on their behalf 
but the energy, the excitement and the focus that I see towards the mission 
we have defined, gives me the confidence that all of us are charged up and 
working towards the mission. Obviously, there are other aspects of keeping 
a team motivated, all of that is well taken care of through our HR systems 
and our incentives systems. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
So, the next question is for Ambrish and Amit. For the Oil field Chemicals 
and Specialty Chemical Portfolio, could you please share the application 
areas and also what would be the total addressable market and serviceable 
market for Jubilant? 
 

Page 31 of 36 
 
Amit Saini:  
So the application area where our current intermediates are getting into is 
the corrosion inhibition application in the oil field segment. And this particular 
segment of corrosion inhibition is very wide, there are several alternatives 
that can be used. But this is one of the key intermediates which gets into the 
upstream, midstream and downstream side of the oil field. And if you talk 
about the total keys customers the oil field, it is very wide and we believe it’s 
about a $13bn industry. And having a got a foothold in the segment, with 
notable customers in the segment, we are looking at adding new products as 
we move ahead and specially trying to see where or what those fits could be 
based upon our expertise and what the customers need. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you. Our next question is for Varun. What is the asset turn that the 
company is expecting from the speciality chemical business at the maturity 
when the company achieves the Rs. 6000cr target by FY30? 
 
Varun Gupta:   
So, I’ll put it in a different way. Any new capex that we will do should give me 
a minimum of a 20-25% ROCE and typically in a specialty chemical, be it a 
CDMO contract the ratio of the asset turnover should be in the range of 1.2-
1.5 at the best. So, that’s how I will put it. As long as my assets are giving me 
a better ROCE, turnover for me comes secondary from then. They should be 
more profitable and generating more profits for us. But that’s the typical, 1.2-
1.5 is the ratio that it goes to. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
So, another question is also for Varun. Since we are aiming at tripling our 
revenue by FY30, how do you expect to fund the capex required to achieve 
this kind of a growth going forward? 
 
Varun Gupta: 
A good question for all the analysts building the model here. So, most of it 
will be funded through our internal accruals as our profitability increases and 
our cash conversion touches 100, the first port of call will be the growth 
capexes, and while the timing plays a factor here, most of it, the lion’s share 
will be through the EBITDA that we generate. Does it answer? 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Yeah, I’ll just like to add to that. If you see the last 3 years also and some of 
you have asked this question during the investor calls also. We have invested 
almost Rs. 1700cr and our loan is still only at Rs. 750cr, so we have, 
whatever internal accruals we have generated through the EBITDA and 
through the efficiencies, we have reinvested and that’s the plan. And if we do 
it in a disciplined manner, atleast our excel model suggests that we will 
remain within the asset turnover ratio that Varun showed in his slide, despite 
the massive growth that will happen in the next 5 years. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
So, the next question is, how should one think about the incremental Rs, 
100cr savings that we have planned to do and what are the changes that 
we’ll need to drive this? 
 
Deepak Jain: 
 
Vijay. 
 
Vijay Srivastava: So, this 100cr savings we are expecting to come from few critical assets, 
energy will go on to be a driving factor where 50% of the savings is expected 
to come next year. After that, norm improvement is the second area we are 
working on, third is the effluent treatment. These are the 3-4 areas where we 
expect the savings to come. 
 

Page 32 of 36 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, and the next question is, for the growth roadmap that we have 
given for Pinnacle 345, is it only the volume growth that we have taken into 
consideration or certain price increase also that we have planned for the 
Pinnacle 345 roadmap? Also, what are the key risks for our pinnacle 345? 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Let me take that, I think it is a very good question. And we did build out those 
scenarios. So, first, couple of base assumptions we have made, of course, 
we expect the market to come back in the near terms. As I said in early parts 
of my presentation that we are already seeing volumes coming back in the 
core segments, so we are hoping that atleast from volumes perspective, the 
market will normalize and whatever the bloodbath which has happened over 
the last couple of years will subside. And atleast the indicators suggest that 
assumption is a valid one and the volume recovery will not get delayed any 
further. On the pricing, in most segments, going in assumption is, that prices 
have reached a new normal because of the overcapacity in China and we 
are not expecting the prices to come back anytime soon in a meaningful way.  
 
So, our say is that it will take atleast 2-3 years for prices to show any kind of 
recovery in all likelihood to, we have come to a new normal. There are 
products in China where the over capacity is upto 60%-70% and hence the 
competition will remain and of course it is a very uncertain world. All the tariffs 
laws happening around the world, no one can predict what can happen, if 
tomorrow, there are meaningfully large tariffs for one country or others.  
 
But the base case scenario we are building is keeping the prices for most 
segments where there are marginal uptakes in some segments. Acetyl is the 
only assumption in that segment because acetyl works in a very different way. 
It’s a commodity product; it goes with the cycle. There, we are hoping that as 
volumes come back, the acetic acid, which is a driver for acetic anhydride, 
which is our core product, the prices should come back. But again, that’s just 
an assumption. As Himanshu showed in acetyl business, we are not 
expecting an exploded growth in the next 5 years, 1.5 times sales based on, 
largely volume recovery but a little bit price recovery as well. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Deepak. The next question is that we have seen significant 
manufacturing footprint and strong balance sheet for Ingrevia, so what kind 
of inorganic growth strategies can we see and what kind of growth potential 
targets that the organization would be interested in? 
 
Deepak Jain: 
 
Partha, do you want to take it? 
 
Partha: 
So, as we look at the pinnacle 345 target and we have laid down the plans 
by each business unit but we do believe that there is an inorgranic part which 
will also play a critical role. So, it’s not a gambit, we are actively looking at 
quite a few assets in the space spread across the business units and we will 
talk about, you know, as and when it materializes, but it will play a part of our 
growth strategy. 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Yeah, so, I think, one thing I would like to add over what Partha said, our 
areas where we want to do M&A are very cleanly and neatly defined and 
sharply defined. We are not going to do M&A just for the sake of doing M&A. 
We are very clear and in line with the strategy we share today, where we 
think there are gaps in our portfolio and were doing something inorganically, 
whether it’s a full-fledged acquisition or JV or partnership or whatever other 

Page 33 of 36 
 
structure we follow. We are very clear where the gaps are and where doing 
any inorganic move can help us accelerate our journey and bridge the gap 
that I talked about to reach  
Rs. 10-11,000-12,000cr. So, organically, we already have a lot to do as you 
saw in the portfolio, so we of course want to, our first priority is to deliver on 
that, obviously as Partha is explaining that based on the thesis area that we 
have defined, we have already started to make a list of potential targets and 
we are also speaking to some bankers who are helping us, so as and when 
we find the right target in our thesis area, we will of course, go for it. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Deepak. So, the next question is, with the exports remaining a 
key area for our future growth, how much are we immune to the tariff wars 
US and other global trades issue and how we see our future revenues’ 
contribution from US and European region? 
 
Deepak Jain: 
 
Ambrish, you want to take it. 
 
Ambrish Dixit: 
See, I think, right now Trump is our elephant in the room. Nobody can predict 
it will go in which manner. For our products, there is no manufacturing in the 
US, we believe even that the tariff comes, we would be competing against 
China, you know, let's assume. Because of the fact that we are competing 
with them only. So, in that scenario, if we assume the worst, we still believe 
that the Chinese tariffs would be higher than the tariffs which will come to 
India. So, still that delta will allow us to sell more and also that will increase 
the cost of what we have seen over the time.  
 
 
If there’s a manufacturing in US, typically they are put at 6-7% of import duties 
and wherever there is no manufacturing within US, duties have been zero. 
So, that delta is large, you now, on forth of every, China has, the government 
has put some duties on them, 10%+, so if it is 0, then it is 10% and if it is 6.5% 
then it is 16.5%. So China can absorb to a certain percent but beyond that it 
would be a challenge. So, we believe that this issue will not much impact on 
our sales.  
 
Second, during presentation, Deepak has already shown that our focus is to 
increase in Europe and US both. Now, if you see on the agro side, the major 
players are based out of Europe, top 3 players are there, there are 2 players 
within US. We are focusing each one of them in both regions, you know, we 
are focusing on our Fine Chemicals derivatives which we believe will bring 
strong value. With the facts fully on the pharma side, the tier-1 CDMOS are 
based out of Europe itself. On one side, we are trying to work with innovators 
to increase our sales, second, we are also working with their tier 1 CDMO in 
Europe where we can increase our sales directly to them.  
 
So, overall, the numbers will double, India will come down as a whole, even 
nutrition and any other business. We believe that trade tariffs will be there, 
but we will be able to take it to next level and Deepak already announced 
and shared the TAM initiative and the matrix we are having. This example of 
what he shared was of a customer who came, we met yesterday, was a 
European player, you know. First time, we almost had 100% share in last 20-
25 years and so I think that’s the difference we are making with our services. 
So, we have the products, we have improved our services which will give us 
a premium, you know, and a certain premium on refusal and long term, 
longevity in all relations, in days to come. Thank you. 

Page 34 of 36 
 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you. The next question is, in our CDMO pipeline, what is the % mix of 
the business that comes from pyridine and Diketene chemistry and also, to 
reach Rs. 2000cr CDMO revenue target by FY30, what will be the mix like? 
 
Yuvraj: 
Hello. So, typically, if we talk about our CDMO project mix, it’s primarily, in 
terms of pyridine and Diketene derivatives, but moving forward what we have 
seen that we are depending upon the kind of chemistry we are working on. 
We have shifted this to non-pyridine mix more now. That’s the shift we are 
looking at and moving forward in the next 5 years as well. 
 
Ambrish Dixit: 
I think we can share that in the next 5 years of our major revenue would be 
coming from non-pyridine. Just let me put it that way. So, pyridine remains a 
very core building block to offer our share and I stated earlier we are trying 
to build multiple chemistries which we can offer in the bundle. It is not only 
limited to  pyridine that we will do, it can be other chemistries. In fact, one of 
our agro contracts, I can share is not based on pyridine chemistry, it is non 
pyridine, what we are talking about. So, we are growing and will  grow as the 
specialty chemical company offering multiple chemistries where pyridine  is 
one of them, you know, which, we have expertise but not only limit to pyridine 
or diketene. 50%+ revenue would be non-pyridine. 
 
Deepak Jain: 
No no, I think I would add to that because I think this question has come up 
several times in the past also. So, while we are very proud of being number 
1 in pyridine, our future growth will be from non-pyridine areas, so just from 
a CDMO perspective, I think what Yuvraj and Ambrish already said, just to 
put some numbers in perspective in pharma portfolio. Even today, 70% of 
my business is non-pyridine. In agro, the 2 big molecules we won are, 
recently which we announced, one is pyridine, and one is non-pyridine, so 
we hope that ratio will maintain. Semiconductors has some organic 
chemistries which we are experts in but none of them are led to pyridine. So, 
no pyridine.  
 
Pavleen Taneja:  
So, what about e-pyridine ? 
 
Deepak Jain: 
So, e-pyridine is of course a catalogue product but in our CDMO project there 
is none of them are pyridine. So that hopefully gives you a sense that what 
we are leveraging to push hard in our CDMO business is our chemistry 
capabilities, not necessarily pyridine as a product capability. And when 
CDMO customers are coming to us, they are saying like hey, we need these 
4 steps, how many of them can you do in your plants or how many of them 
have you done in the past. That is what is clicking with them, for them to 
speak to us and give those projects. So, obviously, whatever comes in 
pyridine, we will take it wholeheartedly and then customers also, in all 
honesty, do not have a too much choice, I say that in humility, beyond China, 
if somebody wants to come for pyridine, they have no option but to come to 
us. But bulk of our growth will come from non-pyridine areas. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
So, another question, again for CDMO, how would the pharma CDMO of 
Jubilant Ingrevia be different from the CDMO business of Jubilant Pharmova? 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Okay, let me answer that also. Good question again. I think, first, we did not 
talk too much about Pharmova in this room. So, for those of you who do not 
know Pharmova, it is the second baby which came out of Jubilant Life 

Page 35 of 36 
 
Sciences when the split happened in 2021. Almost 1:1 split. Pharmova 
handles most of our healthcare and pharma businesses. They have multiple 
businesses. In fact, they also did their investor day a few days back. Some 
of you might have attended it. The way we look or split responsibilities across, 
and I just see Arvind here. So, I will invite him also to add in case I miss out 
something. But the way, at least on the CDMO side, we split the 
responsibilities. The intermediates part is with us because that is our core 
capability. As I explained, the name Ingrevia itself means ingredients for life. 
So, all the intermediates in the pharma world, by and large, are then buyers. 
Biosys, which is part of Pharmova, thus pharma CDMOs for APIs and some 
advanced intermediates. So, that is how we split at least the responsibilities 
or roles. But having said that, obviously, we are sister companies. As and 
when they get some opportunity where we can help on the intermediate side, 
we tag team. And likewise, when we meet some customer which is looking 
for API capabilities as well, beyond just the intermediate strength that we 
bring to the table, we pull them in into the picture. So, they have more GMP-
grade plants for APIs. We have plants more suitable for intermediates.  
 
Pavleen Taneja:   Thank you. So, the last question is,the phase-1 of the capex for Jubilant 
Ingrevia is on March 2025. What is the capex plan for the next 3-4 years? 
 
Varun Gupta:  
So, the capex plan for the next few years will be predominantly investments 
in specialty chemicals as we have outlined, which will include investments in 
the CDMO in the multi-purpose plants or into a new GMP facility as and when 
the business will come for CDMOs. We will not shy away from making any 
investments, as long as it meets the threshold criteria. So, the investments 
we have made, I believe we have enough ammunition till ’27 to reach our 
desired top line and bottom line in line with pinnacle 345 and to reach to the 
Rs. 10-12000cr top line and deliver the bottom line we have just shown, any 
additional capex will be in predominantly the specialty and nutrition segments. 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Yeah, so I think some of you have asked this question in different ways in 
the past. I think we have invested heavily in the last 3 years, we are hopeful 
that the peak revenues on the back of those investments will hit in FY27 and 
a part of it in the market recovery and the slowness in the last 2 years 
otherwise, ideally, we should have hit the peak in FY26 but nevertheless, all 
the investments we have made so far, we will hit the peak revenue on the 
back of that by FY27 but for hitting the numbers we have for FY30, we will 
need to continue to invest in the business and the quantum could be even 
bigger than what we have invested in the past, to get that incremental growth 
in revenue that we are aspiring to get. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
So, one last question, that is again for CDMO, what is the mix of early and 
the late stage commercial projects, and are we doing any development work 
for the innovators? 
 
Varun Gupta: 
To answer this question, we are working for with the innovators from 
development in-phase molecules as well, and look at our mid as well, we 
have around 65% of the molecules which are in the in-phase stage of 
molecules and the rest 35% in the commercial side of it. 
 
Ambrish Dixit: 
We can say that the majority of the CDMO business is with the  innovators, 
we are not mixing it with the generics, it’s directly with innovators, we have 
been able to create a relationship and we are going deeper and we are 

Page 36 of 36 
 
further expanding into the market and we have already shared that we have 
accelerated BD efforts and we have been recruiting more people in  US, 
Europe and Japan. I think those number of projects will go up, phase-1, 
phase-2, phase-3 and all we are looking. There is the reason why we are 
also planning to invest further into a new GMP facility, we have 3 ones 
already but we are planning to put up more on the operational areas side so 
that we can produce the volumes of these intermediates, primarily on the 
pharma side are and agro anyway we have been talking big, so those 
numbers will continue to grow. 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
So, this brings us to the end of the Q&A session. And now I would request 
Deepak to please give his closing comments. 
 
Deepak Jain: 
I think that it’s been wonderful having you all. We really appreciate it, we do 
realize that it’s a Friday evening so you must be having some plans, but you 
still took time out to join us and hopefully whatever we covered in the last 2-
2.5 hours was helpful. We are around, we will be at the booth and obviously 
we will have dinner as well, so we invite all of you to join us for the dinner 
and interact with us and have a great evening and a great weekend. Thank 
you once again for joining us. 
 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, 
etc. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
