 
Sagility India Limited 
(Formerly Sagility India Private Limited) 
Registered Office - No. 23 & 24, AMR Tech Park, Building 2A, First Floor Hongasandara Village, Off Hosur 
Road, Bommanahalli, Bengaluru – 560068, Karnataka, India 
Corporate Identity Number: U72900KA2021PLC150054 
Tel. No.: 080-71251500, Website: www.SagilityHealth.com 
 
Date: February 10, 2025 
 
To,  
 
The Manager   
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department  
 
 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange (NSE)  
 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor  
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block   
 
 
 
Dalal Street 
Bandra-Kurla Complex   
 
 
 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
 
Scrip Code:544282 
Symbol: SAGILITY 
 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors Call held on February 05, 2025 
 
This is in continuation to Investors/analyst webinar held on February 05, 2025, for discussing the 
unaudited financial results of the Company for the quarter ended 31st December 2024. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement), Regulations 
2015, we attach herewith the transcript of the aforesaid webinar. 
 
This information is also available on the Company’s website https://sagilityhealth.com/  
   
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Sagility India Limited 
 
 
  
Satishkumar Sakharayapattana Seetharamaiah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A16008 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SATISHKUMAR 
SAKHARAYAPATTANA 
SEETHARAMAIAH
Digitally signed by SATISHKUMAR 
SAKHARAYAPATTANA 
SEETHARAMAIAH 
Date: 2025.02.10 21:44:52 +05'30'

1 
Sagility India Ltd. 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Webinar 
Wednesday, 05th February, 2025 at 7:00 PM 
MANAGEMENT 
• Ramesh Gopalan - Managing Director & Group CEO 
• Sarvabhouman Srinivasan - Group Chief Financial Officer 
MODERATOR 
• Siddharth Rangnekar – CDR India 
QUESTIONERS 
• Abhishek Kumar - JM Financial 
• Manik Taneja - Axis Capital 
• Ruchi Mukhija - ICICI Securities 
• Vikrant Gupta - PGIM India Mutual Fund 
• Bhavik Mehta – JP Morgan 
• Ankur Pant - IIFL Securities 
• Bharat Sheth - Quest Investment Advisors 
• Akshat Agarwal – Jefferies 
• Deekshant Boolchandani - DB Wealth 
• Sushovan Nayak - Anand Rathi 
• Venkat Subramanian 
 
 
 

 
2 
Siddharth Rangnekar:  
Good evening, Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the 
Q3 & 9M FY '25 Earnings Webinar of Sagility India Limited. This is 
Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India, and I shall be your moderator for 
the event today. 
 
As a reminder, all attendee lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
shall be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this webinar is being recorded. To introduce 
the management we have with us today, Mr. Ramesh Gopalan, Managing 
Director and Group CEO; Mr. Sarvabhouman Srinivasan, Group Chief 
Financial Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made 
on today's discussion could be forward-looking in nature and may involve 
certain risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is 
available in the Q3 & 9M FY '25 results presentation that has been 
uploaded to the stock exchanges. 
 
I would now like to hand over the forum to Mr. Ramesh Gopalan to begin 
the proceedings of this webinar. Over to you. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thank you, Siddharth. Good evening and thank you everyone for joining 
our Q3 earnings call. As you would have seen, we are pleased to report 
another very strong quarter, which is led by growth across our client 
portfolio. In addition, we announced the acquisition just last week. We 
acquired BroadPath, which will also be accretive to our earnings. And we'll 
talk a little more about that in our call. Our clients continue to give us 
more business and this is fuelled, both by our operational excellence and 
our investment in automation, analytics and GenAI. And these capabilities 
have helped us differentiate ourselves in the marketplace and also helped 
drive growth in all of our clients.  
 
Let's get started with the financial summary. We are pleased to report in 
Q3 FY '25, we registered a year-on-year growth of 15.3% in rupee terms 
and is 14% in constant currency terms. During Q3 FY '25, our revenues 
were $172 million and ₹14,531 million in INR terms. And this is a 9.7%, Q-
on-Q growth in INR and about a 9% Q-on-Q growth in constant currency. 
However, like we've mentioned in the past, we'd like to remind you that, 
there is a seasonality to our business. The open enrolment which runs all 
through the Q3 quarter as well as beginning of Q4 drives a large volume 
of business our way. So a Q-on-Q comparison may not be the best way to 
look at our performance. So we would encourage you strongly to look at 
year-on-year performance and not too much on the Q-on-Q numbers. 
Having said that, it was a very strong Q-on-Q performance this quarter.  
During the quarter, our Payer vertical grew 13.1% year-on-year and 
contributed about 89.3% of our total revenue. And the Provider business 

 
3 
grew much higher at 38% and contributed to about 10.7% of our total 
revenues. 
 
Now if you switch to the YTD results, we are pleased to report that we 
grew our YTD '25 compared to YTD '24 at 15.3% in INR terms and 13.9% 
in constant currency terms. The actual revenues, YTD were $476.5 million 
in dollar terms, which translates to about ₹40,014 million in INR terms.  
 
Now talking about, margins for the quarter, we delivered an adjusted 
EBITDA of $54.1 million which is ₹4,567 million in INR terms, which is year-
on-year growth of 67.3%. This reflects an adjusted EBITDA margin of 
31.4%. And this is a pretty high margin, which is essentially expected in 
the open enrolment season. 
 
And the factors driving it are one, higher revenues, better operational 
efficiencies, like I said, both organically as well as through use of 
technology and process improvements. Also, there's been some tailwind 
basis favourable foreign exchange movements. We also reported higher 
other income in the quarter driven by Forex gains, which further boosted 
our adjusted EBITDA. 
 
Our consolidated adjusted profit after tax for the quarter stood at ₹2,626 
million which is again a year-on-year increase of 67.6%. And, like we 
mentioned before, our ongoing reduction of debt is further going to help 
us enhance our PAT margins. On a YTD basis, our adjusted EBITDA of 
₹11,104 million grew 30.2% year-on-year, while our adjusted PAT of 
₹5,709 million grew 34.5% year-on-year. Now if you look at our people 
metrics, our total headcount at the end of the year stood at 39,595. We 
added about 1,215 employees during Q3. And this is a large addition, like 
we mentioned in the past. We add headcount during the open enrolment 
season. However, attrition has been at 21.8%, which continues to be very 
low, compared to the previous year. So overall, a very good performance 
operationally as well as financially as you can see. Some of the KPIs, I'll 
just pause for a few seconds for you to take a look at the numbers, and 
we've covered all of these numbers in my commentary.  
 
Now jumping into the acquisition that we did, last week. The company's 
name is BroadPath Healthcare Solutions. The company was founded in 
2008 and it's headquartered in Tucson, Arizona. It is, like us, it's a 
Healthcare services focused company. And like I've told, many of you in 
the past, our M&A strategy was both focused on capability acquisition as 
well as looking for Healthcare specific clients which can get us a large 
client base. And BroadPath fits in the second category.  
 
What we get, in terms of services – a large part of the services do overlap 
with our services, but they also bring in specific capabilities in member 
acquisition, especially in the Medicare and Medicaid segments, which is a 

 
4 
capability that we didn't have before. So it also brings addition to our 
service portfolio. But the most interesting part of this acquisition as far as 
we are concerned is the access that it gives to several mid-market clients. 
 
As I've mentioned in the past, diversification from our large client base 
into the mid-market is one of our stated strategy. And so the BroadPath 
acquisition clearly helps us in that regard. The other thing, in our due 
diligence, we found that, they are a great customer advocacy. Their NPS 
with customers were very high. And one unique operating feature of 
BroadPath is the fact that, they started as a work from home company, 
even before COVID. And that's been possible because of a platform called 
Bhive that they have. And this is a proprietary platform that, not only 
enhances employee engagement, but it also helps optimise operational 
metrics in a remote environment.  
 
So it's a good acquisition, for us. And, we had put out a one page rational 
for the acquisition. And just to touch upon the key aspects, one, it, 
increases our presence in our top 10 Payers. As you know, we had five of 
the top 10 Payers as our clients. This adds a sixth client to that list. And it 
also increases our footprint in two of our existing top 10 clients. 
 
So essentially, it enhances our leadership position in the top 10 payer 
segment, which is a large part of the market. Financial synergies, this 
acquisition is EPS accretive from day one. It's been funded 100% from 
internal cash. And we also believe that synergy is not only from the cross 
sell, but also opportunities to reduce administrative cost will help us 
improve margins going forward. 
 
In terms of the client base, like I said, it's a very diversified client base, 
more than 30 mid-market clients, and it gives us an opportunity to cross 
sell the broader Sagility portfolio of services into this new client’s 
segment. 
 
The Bhive, which is a unique value proposition, we intend to use Bhive 
broadly across our delivery geographies. And integrating Bhive with our 
GenAI solutions, we believe we can further enhance operational 
efficiencies. Like I said, they also bring in some new capabilities, especially 
the member acquisition, in both Medicare and Medicaid as well as 
enrolment services. 
 
And from Sagility's point of view, given that we have multi-shore 
operations, that will be a great capability for us to take to their clients. 
And in terms of talent acquisition, it comes with about 1,600 employees, 
strong operational expertise, and it also comes with a very strong client 
facing team, sales marketing, account management team, which will be a 
great addition to us. 

 
5 
 
So overall, it's roughly about a $70 million top line. And like I said, it's EPS 
accretive from day one and funded 100% from cash. With that, let me 
hand it over to Srini to walk you through, the financial highlights in more 
detail.  
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: 
Yeah. Thank you, Ramesh. Firstly, welcome all to the December '24 
earnings call. Like Ramesh mentioned, we had an exceptional quarter and 
a good year so far. Our financial performance has been consistent in the 
last few years, and we expect this trend to continue forward. 
 
I want to reiterate that our business has seasonality. Again, Ramesh 
stressed on this. Our H2, which is the second half of the year is slightly 
more pronounced than the first half due to the open enrolment season. 
So I will not labour much on the revenue, EBITDA, and PAT numbers. What 
is more attractive here is the operating cash flow. We generated close to 
₹9,132 million in the first nine months of the year, and that represents 
94% of our reported EBITDA. And that actually helped us to fund the 
acquisition that Ramesh mentioned. 
 
Next, this slide gives the impact of our seasonality in the business. We hire 
for seasonality starting Q3 with headcount picking in December and then 
gradually reducing from Jan through March.  
 
Moving on to Slide 10. We have provided the numbers. We have provided 
the key numbers, financial metrics, both for short term and long-term. 
This slide just talks about the Q3 over the previous years. And all green 
here, nothing much to really call out, and this presentation is also 
available.  
 
The next slide will be on the cumulative nine-month performance. It's 
more a longer term view, where we have provided FY '23, FY '24 and the 
first nine months of the current year and also shown the comparison to 
the previous years. Again nothing much to really call out. I don't want to 
read out these numbers, all green and we hope to continue this trend.  
 
These are some critical financial indicators, and I would want to bring to 
your notice that our EPS has been gradually improving. And what you see 
in the last column is the trailing 12 months EPS for December '24. On the 
return on capital employed, it continues to be healthy at the mid-40s, and 
it's largely driven by a robust operating performance. Our free cash flow 
stood at 82.5% of EBITDA, reflecting a very strong cash generation. You 
will also notice that there has been a consistent reduction in the debt. I'm 
referring to the last graph on the slide. And as of 31st of December, our 
net debt including lease liabilities is at 0.55x of trailing 12 months EBITDA.  

 
6 
 
Slightly a busy slide. This gives you a quick snapshot on our revenues and 
profitability. And you will actually notice that there are two adjustments, 
adjusted EBITDA and adjusted PAT. I'll explain that to you in the next slide. 
 
The first adjustment on EBITDA is on account of the earnouts under the 
acquisition agreements pertaining to the DCI and Birch, which the two 
companies which we acquired earlier in FY '24. And these are 
nonrecurring costs in nature and hence adjusted in the EBITDA. FY '26 will 
be the last year for these earnouts, and we have shown these details in 
Slide 16 after two slides. 
 
The second adjustment to the EBITDA pertains to the share based 
payments awards provided to the leadership team, which are linked to 
the shares of Sagility B.V., our parent company. These share based 
payment awards are not cash payouts from a company standpoint as they 
are directly settled by Sagility B.V., and there is no obligation on the 
company or there is no liability on the company, and there's no dilution 
to the shareholders as well. 
 
The details of the same are also provided in Slide 18. Coming on to the 
PAT, the above two EBITDA adjustments adjusted for tax, plus we also 
have an additional adjustment towards amortisation on the intangibles. 
This intangible was created during the acquisition of Sagility by EQT, and 
they are not operational in nature. The purchase consideration paid by 
EQT was significantly higher than the fair value of assets. And hence, we 
created customer relationships in the U.S. at $265 million which was to 
be amortised over 16 year period. And there was also another intangible 
that got created, which was for $85 million towards customer contracts 
in India, which got completed. The amortisation of that got completed by 
31st of March, 2024. And these are noncash in nature, and these are also 
non-operational in nature.  
 
Next slide, please. Here, we have shown the go forward positions in terms 
of what is our gross debt. What is the debt repayment? What's the likely 
interest payment? Because these are rupee denominated loan, and we 
have very clear repayments schedule as provided in the prospectus as 
well. 
 
These interests are at 8% coupon rate. We have also shown the expense 
P&L hit that you will see from a share based payment awards. Like I 
mentioned earlier, these are not a cash expense for the company, nor a 
liability for the company, but it flows through the P&L. The adjustments 
on the EBITDA, as I mentioned on the earn outs to Birch and DCI 
acquisitions, they get over in FY '26. So in FY '25, we will have ₹486 million 
and the next year, its ₹348 million. 

 
7 
 
Moving on to the balance sheet, a very strong balance sheet as you would 
see. Cash at ₹7,263 million, our trade receivables are extremely under 
control, and DSOs have improved from 82 to 78 days. And we had a CapEx 
spend for the nine months ended December at ₹1,122 million. And 
overall, a very good balance sheet. And, it remains very healthy and very 
low leverage as well. Good cash conversion, cash generation. And any 
specific questions we'll be happy to take during the Q&A session. Over to 
you, Ramesh. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So, as we've discussed, we had a very strong quarter in Q3 and this is 
driven by our continuing growth with all of our existing clients and our 
attempt to expand in the mid-market. Like I said, BroadPath is an 
acquisition that we believe will give us access to the mid-market, which 
was a stated strategy in terms of our client diversification. 
 
So looking ahead to Q4, we hope to continue the strong positive 
performance. And looking at the full FY '25, we believe our growth will in 
INR terms will be very similar to the YTD growth for the nine months that 
you've seen. Overall, longer term, we believe that we will continue to 
grow in the low-to-mid-teens like we've committed. And our PAT margins, 
like I said, thanks to reduction in debt has improved. And so we expect to 
perform along similar lines. 
 
With that, happy to take questions. 
QUESTION-AND-ANSWER SESSION 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will wait for a moment for the question queue to 
assemble. Participants are requested to click the raise hand icon on the 
bottom panel. We have the first question from Abhishek Kumar of JM 
Financial. You've been asked to unmute.  
Abhishek Kumar:  
Yeah, hi. Good evening, thanks for taking my question. Great quarter. First 
is, on revenue, it is two part question. One is, the growth in nine months 
and this quarter especially has been above the range that we have spoken 
about, which is likely growth over the medium term. So, question is, did 
the growth come above our quarter beginning expectation, because of 
the open enrolment period, etc? Related question is, how does it exactly 
help? Does it help you, the open enrolment period when there are more 
number of members joining the insurers or payers that you are serving? 
Or irrespective of that, just because of the churn, there is an increase in 
volume? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Okay. So let me answer your second question first. So our open enrolment 
like we discussed, that's a season where most of the insurers renew or 
add new members. And so the plan for the open enrolment is discussed, 
much in advance because we need to ramp up, to meet those volumes, 

 
8 
right? So essentially, the growth in open enrolment volumes does not 
reflect the underlying strength of our client's addition to membership. So 
these are planned additions for which, typically clients pay us. 
 
And to answer your first question, yes. The growth was marginally higher 
than what we had anticipated at the beginning of the quarter. And, like I 
said, while most of the additions is anticipated, well ahead of the start of 
the quarter, there are always some additional volumes, that come in, that 
we might have handled during the quarter, which leads to increased 
revenue. So yes, the performance was slightly better than we had 
anticipated at the beginning of the quarter. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Great. Second question is on the Provider side. You did mention at the 
beginning of your presentation that the growth on the Provider side was 
much stronger. I couldn't find it on the PPT, but I remember it was 30% 
plus. So is that a conscious strategy to expand more, penetrate deeper 
the Providers? And also, does the open enrolment period benefit 
Providers as well like they do Payers? Thank you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. The open enrolment doesn't, make a big difference on the Provider 
side like it does on the Payer side. So that's not the reason for the growth. 
And to answer your first question, as you know, our Provider business is 
much smaller than the Payer business. So sometimes, I mean, it has grown 
faster than the Payer business in the past. So sometimes, because of the 
smaller base that the growth numbers are higher. 
 
But broadly in terms of strategy, we want to grow, both the Provider and 
the Payer segments. Payer segment, like I said, is a much larger segment 
with a lot more large and more tenured clients. Whereas we are much 
smaller in the Provider segment even compared to some of the Provider 
only companies, that are out there. So our strategy is to grow both the 
Payer and the Provider businesses. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. That's helpful. I'll come back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Abhishek. We now move on to the next question. Manik from 
Axis Capital, you have been requested to unmute. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. While the seasonality on 
the business front or from a revenue standpoint is well understood, I 
wanted to quiz you with regards to the way we have seen margins expand 
in the current quarter, and especially given the fact that if I'm looking at 
your historical financials for last year, we didn't see the sequential 
improvement in margins last year. This time around the sequential 
improvement in margins or even if one looks at margins on a year-on-year 

 
9 
basis, it probably seemed to be very, record margins. So if you could delve 
deeper into what's driven that and the sustainability of the margin profile 
on a go-forward basis. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. One, operational performance had been extraordinary in this 
quarter with additional volumes of the top line that we picked on the way 
through directly to the margins. Two, we had a good exchange benefit, 
which got added almost close to about ₹44 crores of other income we got 
on account of exchange gain. 
 
And I would say largely, it's tighter operations and the benefits of all the 
technology that we had invested in the past are slowly yielding to sales. 
But again, the extra volumes on account of the open enrolment that we 
got as top line, which flowed directly to the margins has significantly 
contributed to the margins. 
Manik Taneja: 
It would be possible to quantify the benefit of these incremental volumes 
to the margins and also give us some sense as to what maybe the 
sustainable margin profile looking at margins at 30% in the current 
quarter. Is that the new benchmark that we're looking at versus the 24%, 
25% that we've seen in the past? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
No. If you look at on an annualised basis, the guidance that we gave 
around the 24%, 25% still continues to hold good, right? So that's why we 
constantly encourage not only year-on-year comparisons, but also looking 
at it from more cumulative YTD numbers and full-year numbers. 
 
Some quarters, because like Srini said, additional volumes because of 
open enrolment for which some of the hiring and ramp cost would have 
been incurred earlier, will result in either margin increases or margin dips 
in one quarter or another. But overall, steady state margins on an annual 
basis will still be around the numbers that we guided. 
Manik Taneja: 
The last one from my end, basically, if you could talk about the sensitivity 
of margins to currency, given that almost 94% plus of our workforce has 
been based in India and Philippines, and also some timelines on the 
integration of the recently announced acquisition. Thank you and all the 
best. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. Currency on margins, do you want to take the question? 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: 
Yeah. The delta between the revenue growth in dollar terms and constant 
currency is about 1%, 1.5% so that has flowed directly into the margins. 
Manik Taneja: 
Srini, just a clarification on the margin front. What I'm trying to 
understand is with the way USD/INR or USD/Philippine peso move, if you 
could help us understand a percentage move in any of these exchange 
rates, how does that impact your EBITDA margins? 

 
10 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: 
See, I wouldn't really worry too much on the movement if rupee or peso 
are to appreciate much. But if they hold at steady levels, I'm sure we are 
most likely to hit our 25% plus margin profile that we guided earlier. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you. I'll take it offline. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
And your second question on BroadPath integration, like I said, just to give 
you more colour, BroadPath, most of the delivery is in the U.S. with a very 
small footprint in the Philippines. So that's another point I wanted to 
guide on. So their margins are much lower than Sagility’s margins. 
 
Having said that, the opportunity to cross sell into the clients, the 
opportunity to offer the clients, other geographies where we have 
presence and the administrative side cost synergies, we believe will help 
us improve their margins on a go-forward basis. So there is a very detailed 
integration plan that is being worked on. Both, like I said in terms of taking 
our services to their clients as well as taking some of their specific 
capabilities and member acquisition to Sagility's clients as well as 
integrating some of the shared service functions across the two 
companies. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Wish you all the best. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. We now move on to 
the next question from Ruchi Mukhija. I've unmuted your line. Ruchi, you 
may go ahead. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Good evening, and very congratulations on a strong set of numbers. 
Ramesh, could you help us understand for a BroadPath, the margin profile 
and plans around the leadership retention? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Ruchi, I just did talk about the margins in response to Manik's question. 
Like I said, they are mainly onshore based delivery, because of which their 
margin profile is lower than Sagility's profile. It's in the lowest double-digit 
EBITDA margin numbers. But with the combination of both client level 
synergies and administrative cost synergies, we believe that we can 
improve those margins over the next two to three years. So that was 
question one and sorry what was the other question? 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Leadership retention? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So, while the existing CEO and Chairman haven't moved over, the next set 
of leaders, who are basically both in the sales and client facing roles as 
well as operational roles, they've moved over as part of the acquisition. 

 
11 
And there is a plan in place, in terms of their retention. So we're very 
confident of retaining the leadership. And we're very happy to have them 
on board because they come with very good credentials. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Okay. Now coming to the seasonality, we understood, how Q3 turns out 
to be seasonally strong quarter for Sagility. Does the seasonality flow into 
Q4 as well for us? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
It does. To early part of Q4, it does flow through. But just in the early part 
of Q4, right? So starting mid-Jan, towards second half of Jan, we start 
ramping down. So to that extent, there is some carryover effect from Q3 
into Q4. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Now last question, this is more around the hedging, and also partly relate 
to Manik's question. Could you help us understand, how the hedge 
position is for us, guide on the near term profitability and how should we 
read into this sharp INR depreciation, its influence on margin? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
On our hedging, about/close to 60% of our inflows into India and 
Philippines are hedged. And these are at, very close to present conversion 
rates in the sense present level is at INR85/PHP50-ish. So we are 
reasonably insulated. That's why I was trying to explain Manik that even, 
we don't anticipate and nobody can anticipate how rupee would move, 
but we don't anticipate it to significantly reduce. In the sense like, we are 
expecting it to hold or for rupee to depreciate further. 
 
So having said that, we are very confident of holding our margins. So our 
hedge position, we've slowed down on taking forward covers, because 
one thing, we are not getting attractive premiums the way we want, and 
also, we want to wait and watch and not really jump the gun and do too 
much of hedging as well. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
And lastly, Ramesh, if you could comment how we see near term growth 
visibility spread between our large account and accounts beyond the top 
10. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
I can't give you specific numbers, but what we are seeing is a broad 
growth across our client portfolio. Like we've discussed in the past, our 
large accounts continue to grow, and they continue to grow as a portfolio 
in the high-single digits, right? So and some of the non-top five, top 10 
accounts are growing slightly faster. 
 
So our overall revenue guidance as well as by the different client groups, 
the way we've guided in the past is still pretty much our guidance into the 
future as well. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 

 
12 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Ruchi. We move next to the question from Vikrant Gupta of 
PGIM. Your line has been unmuted. 
Vikrant Gupta: 
Yes. I have three questions. I'll just ask all of them. So firstly, I was just 
looking at the earnings of couple of your large clients. They seem to be 
talking about medical costs continuing to go up and probably 2025 also 
being a repeat of 2024. So if you could comment on how that impacts your 
business opportunities both positively and negatively? 
 
Secondly, in terms of the acquisition, the synergies that you have 
mentioned in your presentation highlight largely cross sell and probably 
the addition of a new capability. But you have not talked about offshoring 
given the high on-site presence of this workforce. So is that something 
that is not likely to play out? 
 
And the third one would be the margin guidance that you have given 24% 
to 25%. This is excluding other income, and the two adjustments are 
largely the ones that are in the presentation, the share based awards and 
the acquisition payouts. Those were the three questiions. Thank you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Okay. Thank you. Thanks for your question. First on the medical costs, I 
think we've covered this in earlier presentations, right? So the business 
that we are in, which is more supporting our clients in their day-to-day 
operations that doesn't largely get impacted by some of the challenges, 
that you've mentioned that our clients face. 
 
So in a way, if their volumes and their membership grows, we stand to 
gain. But even in times where they're under cost pressure, we both from 
virtue of the relationship and as well as the expectation of clients on us, 
we have opportunities to help them further reduce cost by taking on more 
of the functions that they are currently doing in house. So given both the 
aspects, it doesn't directly impact us, if based on some of the challenges 
that you spoke of that are some of our clients have expressed. 
 
Secondly, on the acquisition, I did talk about offshore. I mean, I may not 
have used the word offshore, but I said, one of the synergies is the fact 
that they are primarily onshore and we have multiple delivery 
geographies and so they could leverage additional geographies. Like I've 
mentioned in the past, the choice of a geographies is left to the client. And 
so some of the work from a regulatory point of view may have to stay 
onshore or more from a client preference. They may want to keep it 
onshore. But obviously, the fact that BroadPath is now part of Sagility 
opens up the option of, all of our offshore locations to their clients. And 
some of the cross sell that we intend to do, we believe will get delivered 
from offshore locations. 

 
13 
 
And thirdly, on the margin guidance, yes, the 24%, 25% that we guided is 
not accounting for any additional other income gains, that we might get. 
But it's adjusted for the things that Srini spoke about, which is earn outs 
and amortisation of intangibles and the share based compensation. 
Vikrant Gupta: 
Okay. I just have one quick follow-up to the first question, you would 
classify that as a net positive or largely a neutral event, the medical cost 
going on? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
I would say they don't have a direct impact either way, right? So if the 
question is, does cost pressures on your client impact your revenues 
negatively? Definitely, they don't impact us negatively. Obviously, even in 
the existing work that we do for our clients, our clients expect us to bring 
in more efficiency and take cost out, but which is a pressure even in good 
times. 
 
But the only added bonus, like you said is when they are under pressure, 
they do expect us to help them out by taking on more of the functions 
that they do in house. So net-net, that could end up being positive, but 
it's definitely not a concern for us. 
Vikrant Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from Bhavik Mehta from JP Morgan. Bhavik, 
your line has been unmuted. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Hi, thank you. So couple of questions. Firstly, on both growth and margins, 
is it possible to quantify the impact of the open enrolment seasonality you 
typically see in a year? Just so that we can understand what is the 
underlying growth and margin predicting the whole quarter. 
 
And the second question is, on the acquisition. I think you said it's a low-
double digit margin business. So with the synergies around administration 
cost, offshoring or cross selling, where can these margins go up to over 
the next two to three years? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
On the open enrolment, Bhavik, I don't know if there's anything 
additional, we can say. I think that question has been asked and we've 
tried to answer. But, if there's any more clarity that you need, probably 
we can take it offline. 
 
On the acquisition front, yes, it is a low-double digit. Over the next two, 
three years with purely from the synergies and improvement in 
efficiencies, we believe that those margins can move up 600, 700 basis 
points. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you. 

 
14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next participant. The question comes from 
Ankur Pant of IIFL. Your line has been unmuted. 
Ankur Pant: 
Hi, congratulations on a good set of results, and thank you for taking my 
questions. I have a few questions. First is on your stated strategy that you 
would look to penetrate more into mid-tier Pharma companies as well as 
look to crack complex deals, probably improve your deal structure as well, 
deal pricing, etc. Any improvement on that front that we have seen? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So first of all, it's not Pharma. It's more health plans, health play 
companies. Targeting the mid-market in addition to growing the large 
clients, like I said, it's a stated strategy. And, we organically continue to 
do that, right? Some of the logos that we won in the last few years have 
also started to grow year-on-year. And, like I said, BroadPath also comes 
in with its own set of mid-market clients, which are not existing clients for 
Sagility. So that gives us additional room to sell our services. 
 
So, yes both organically and through the acquisition, that strategy is 
playing out. In terms of the larger deals, yes, the BPaaS deals is something 
that is still work in progress. We have a few conversations, that we're 
having as we speak. But, yes that's something that is still to play out and 
we hope to do that over the next few quarters. 
Ankur Pant: 
Thank you. And then on BroadPath acquisition, I'm sorry if I missed it, but 
have you specified the growth that BroadPath has been seeing over the 
last few years? Because I could only find that it's $70 million in revenue. 
But how has the growth been in recent times? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So BroadPath, like I said, it started as a work from home company, even 
before COVID, right? So they had a low growth rate. But then during 
COVID, they got substantial volumes, essentially because a lot of existing 
service providers, couldn't move from a work from office to a work from 
home location. So the two, three years of COVID, really saw a huge surge 
in volumes for them. Those volumes, post COVID have gone down, right? 
So, essentially looking at the growth over the last two, three years would 
not be indicative of that longer term growth. But over the long-term, the 
growth has been in the high single to low-double-digit numbers. 
Ankur Pant: 
Sure. And any light you can shed on the valuations, the discussion on 
valuations for this particular company because the valuations seem to be 
quite attractive on a headline basis. So anything that you can share how 
you arrived at it or anything like that? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So like we mentioned in the press release, we paid $58 million. All of it 
was funded in cash. And I've also told you that the EBITDA margins are 
low double-digits, right? So that will give you an indication of the 
multiples. 

 
15 
Ankur Pant: 
Sure. And lastly on the U.S. change in government, anything that you're 
worried about or anything that you're looking forward to or something 
that could impact on the regulatory front that we should keep an eye on? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Look, we are continuing to watch that space every day, every week. As on 
date, we don't see anything that's going to impact our business, either 
positively or negatively. But, we will keep you posted as we get to hear 
more things. But at this moment, there is no change, basis whatever we 
know. 
Ankur Pant: 
Sure. Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question from the line of Bharat Sheth 
from Quest Investment Advisors. Your line has been unmuted, sir. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on good set of 
number. When you are talking about the in-house as well as outsourcing 
business, can you give us little more colour on our client? How much are 
they currently outsourcing and how much they are doing from in-
housing? The second question related to that is, are we in some kind of a 
conversation in terms of when the cost pressures go high on them, so 
would they try to move certain part of the businesses to outsourcing. And 
how do we see it over next couple of years, for this trend to move? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So good questions, Bharatji. So first, in the DRHP also we had spoken 
about; we had a report from Everest which spoke about the whole 
outsourcing penetration in the Healthcare space across Payers and 
Providers. So basis that, numbers, if you look at it, across Payers and 
Providers, the current penetration is in the low-20s, right. So, if I 
remember right, it was 19%, 20% in Payers and maybe a couple of 100 
basis points higher for Providers. 
 
That is expected to increase by 500 to 600 basis points over the next five 
years according to Everest, right? So overall as an industry, the propensity 
to outsource more is going to increase. Specifically, if you ask about our 
existing clients, I mean, obviously, some of our large clients have 
outsourced more as a percentage of their total operations versus some of 
the mid and small market where the percentage outsourcing may be 
much, much smaller. So that varies, client-to-client. But as an industry as 
a whole, according to Everest, it’s in the low-20s, likely to move up to high 
20s, over the next five years. 
 
And to your question on cost pressures, like I answered an earlier 
question, cost pressures do provide an opportunity for us to help our 
clients with moving more work to us, because we can deliver it, not only 

 
16 
at a lower cost to start with, but we can also bring about additional 
efficiencies over the contract period. So those are conversations we 
continue to have with our existing clients and yes, cost pressures in a way 
induce them to move on some of these initiatives faster. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And second question, if you can give some colour on how much arbitrage 
our client will have, while doing in-house versus outsourcing, so which can 
be a more interesting business or where a good opportunity can open up 
in near term? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Oh, I mean, this is not something new, right? So, obviously… 
Bharat Sheth: 
Correct. But what kind of opportunity I mean, arbitrage, our client will 
have while doing in-house versus outsourcing? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. Depends on which geography they want us to deliver from. So it 
could range anywhere from a 30% savings to almost 50%, 60% savings for 
them. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And is that a meaningful size for them? I mean, from an overall expenses 
ratio? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yes. Obviously, I mean, if you look at it apples-to-apples, given that a lot 
of them are working in low-single-digit margins. Those kinds of savings are 
very meaningful. Having said that, we've discussed in the past that the 
overall administrative spend is roughly about 15% to 20% of the total 
premium. So large part of it is medical cost. While we do have services 
which can help them reduce the medical cost, that's not purely on the 
basis of doing work in a different geography, right? But on the 
administrative side, dollar-to-dollar, like I said, the savings could be 
anywhere between 30% to 50%, 60%. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Thanks for your answer. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from Akshat Agarwal from Jefferies. Akshat, 
your line has been unmuted. 
Akshat Agarwal: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of 
numbers, sir. I have a couple of questions. Firstly, I just wanted to 
understand the trajectory of your other expenses. So when I look at your 
revenues from operations, they've grown up at a healthy pace of 15%, but 
your other expenses have been flat year-on-year. So has there been a 
meaningful change in the trajectory? And is it not linked to revenues? And 
should we build this at a similar run rate going forward? Because that's 
contributed to a massive margin expansion this quarter. That's the first 
one. I'll ask my next one once you answer this. 

 
17 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: 
Yes. Broadly other expenses are include SG&A as well, which are fairly flat 
across the quarters. And also some portion of the other expenses will be 
other direct expenses which could be, related to technology cost or 
employee transportation or any other direct cost that can be associated 
to revenue. So it's a combination of both direct and indirect cost. And for 
your modelling, you can assume at similar levels. 
Akshat Agarwal: 
That's great. Secondly, the receivables again, this time around are in the 
lower 70s. That is quite exceptional for any IT services company. Should 
we build a similar run rate going forward as well? 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: 
Some of our large clients are wanting us to have a longer credit period. 
They are planning to increase it. So, I would suggest that you can safely 
assume around 80 to 85 days on an average. But if we can better that, 
we'll definitely try and do our best. 
Akshat Agarwal: 
Thank you for that. And finally, on the acquisition, when would this 
acquisition start flowing into our financials? I mean when does it get 
consolidated? Does it get consolidated from 29 Jan or at a later date? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
It was a sign and close, simultaneous sign and close on the 29th. So they 
will start reflecting our financials from that date onwards. 
Akshat Agarwal: 
Perfect. Thanks a lot for the clear responses and all the best for the future. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question from the line of Venkat 
Subramanian. Your line has been unmuted.  
Venkat Subramanian: 
Very good evening, and congratulations on a great set of numbers. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
Venkat Subramanian: 
I have a couple of questions. The first one being, who are the closest to 
competitors for Sagility in USA? And where are we placed in this market 
currently in U.S. as well globally? And do we have similar competition 
emerging from India? If so, what are the competitors from India in this 
industry? And the second question is, what is the benchmark for this 
industry in terms of valuation? Because it appears like a unique business 
model, which is being introduced and being listed in India. So way 
forward, how we should evaluate this company in terms of market 
calculation? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So I'm not going to comment on the benchmark for valuation, but 
competition, I mean, we just went public about three months ago. And as 
part of that, we filed the DRHP and we've spoken about competition 
there. Nothing much has changed, in the last three, four months, right? 

 
18 
We continue, we are one of the very few Healthcare only focused 
companies. And so on a like-to-like basis, there is hardly anyone similar to 
us. And one of the things that I had told a lot of you, in the past is that 
becomes, that was one of the reasons where our acquisition also was 
proving to be difficult because finding sizable Healthcare only firms was a 
challenge. 
 
So, BroadPath was an exception in the sense that, it's one of the larger 
Healthcare only companies that we managed to acquire. So in terms of 
competition, we do compete with other generic BPM services companies, 
which operate across multiple segments where Healthcare is also one of 
the segments. And, it ranges all the way from, IT services firms like, 
Accenture and Cognizant to other firms like Firstsource, and EXL, and WNS 
and so on. But there is no real like to like comparison as a Healthcare only 
firm just like us. 
Venkat Subramanian: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question from the line of Mr. Bharat 
Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors. Your line has been unmuted. 
Bharat Sheth: 
What are the metrics that we can look at that some of the new businesses 
are coming from say in-house to outsourcing, third party outsourcing and 
particular to Sagility. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So every work that we do is on behalf of our clients, which means it's 
coming from in-house to someone like us, right? We've spoken about our 
portfolio of services, the broad set of services that we have both on 
claims, payment integrity, clinical engagement and other administrative 
services like enrolment and so on, right? So our clients could give us any 
of those works. And across clients, we may not be doing exactly the same 
set of work. It all depends on the client's priorities at any given point in 
time where they believe, they have the most needs and where they 
decide to focus on at that point in time. 
 
So our entry point to our client could be with any service. And then over 
a period of time as we continue to deliver for the client, we will continue 
to mine and take over additional functions as we go along, right? So that's 
the way I would describe. So I'm not sure if I answered your question 
exactly, but that's the way it plays out. 
Bharat Sheth: 
To put it differently, see out of whatever service that we are providing to 
our Payer side, which are the services you feel that have a higher entry 
barrier, and it's very difficult to create the capability in those services? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
We've spoken about this at length in the DRHP, right? We've given you 
the portfolio of services. All of the services that we do, we have deep 

 
19 
expertise in that, right? So in terms of showcasing our capabilities to 
deliver those services, we are very confident, right? Beyond that, like I 
said, it's a very specific question to a client scenario as to what is the focus 
area for the client in that given year, that decides what they decide to 
work with us on. 
 
Entry barriers per se, I don't think anything has higher barriers. In fact, 
some areas like clinical, like we discussed, even in the prospectus, we 
believe, there'll be more propensity to outsource because of the labour 
shortages, the clinician shortages that many of our clients continue to face 
in the U.S. So some of the complexity barriers that clients might have 
perceived in the past, by which I mean, clients might have thought that 
this is something not possible for a third-party to help us with. 
 
Now by the fact that we build capabilities in those services and also the 
fact that clients have existing shortages in those skillsets. They become a 
more prone to service products like us to take over and help our clients. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move on to the next question. The question comes from 
Deekshant Boolchandani from DB Wealth. Your line has been unmuted. 
Deekshant Boolchandani: 
Hi, so can you paint a picture for us that what are the kind of opportunities 
that you are looking for the U.S. government? Because I'm sure the 
company has thought about, the changes that the government might 
make, so what are the opportunities that if we see, we will bounce on 
them? They are clearly focused on Healthcare. Do you think it's going to 
be a cost accretive or a growth accretive? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Okay. Let me answer the question. I'm not sure if I got it correct. Are you 
talking about government policies? Because, the segments that we work 
with are Payers and Providers. We don't directly work for the 
government. 
 
But to another question I answer, is there anything that we are seeing in 
terms of government policies that is going to impact our business? So far, 
we haven't seen any recently. But broadly, Healthcare is a very regulated 
segment. And so if there are policies with respect to, for example, on 
Medicare, what is the payment that our clients are going to get from 
CMS? Those kinds of decisions do impact us, but we have to wait and 
watch on what some of those likely changes are going to be. 
Deekshant Boolchandani: 
To specify my question a little bit – Trump has lately appointed Kennedy 
as a Health Care Chief of sorts to make sure that the Healthcare has been 
taken care of U.S. Do you think this Healthcare spend that they might do 

 
20 
or a readjustment of spend? Is it going to be beneficial for us, or do you 
think that there is a particular opportunity that we can see in this segment 
that will now be developing? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Like I said, it's very premature for us to make a statement on that. So we'll 
have to wait and watch, what exactly is going to be the thinking on the 
spend and how is it going to be reallocated. So once we have a better 
clarity on that, we may be able to comment more specifically. 
Deekshant Boolchandani: 
Noted. So the second question is, so with their acquisition, it says on the 
press release that it's around 1,600 employees that we have acquired. 
And in the PPT presentation, we see that around 25, 22 employees were 
added during Q3 FY '25. So, is there any sort of like, are these 1,600 people 
counted for in this 25, 22, or is it 25, 22 plus 1,600? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Okay. So quick clarification. We are doing the earnings call for the quarter 
ended December. The acquisition closed on the 29th of January. It was 
after the quarter ended. So those numbers are not included in the 
numbers that we presented in the earnings presentation. 
Deekshant Boolchandani: 
That's my bad. So to clarify, have we included any sort of addition of 
employees for this particular quarter? It's 1,215 employees that we have 
added during Q3 FY '25. So this would be 1,215 plus 1,600 people that we 
had acquired with our acquisition? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yes, 1,215 was added by Sagility to take care of open enrolment volumes. 
Like we've explained on the past, that headcount doesn't stay stable. Post 
open enrolment, some of those headcounts might come down. But, yes, 
the acquisition that we did in January added 1,600 headcount. 
Deekshant Boolchandani: 
Got it. So is this headcount really something that will give a meaningful 
change to our top line apart from the existing business that of 30 clients 
that we have bought in? Is it something that will help us with their existing 
clients to expand? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Sorry. Again, I'm not very sure I get your question. So if your question is, 
can 1,600 people do more work than they are doing today? A lot of the 
operational folks are fully dedicated to the specific services they provide 
for the clients. So unlike other industries they cannot multitask on 
multiple clients. In our business typically when someone, for example, 
does claims for client A, they do client claims for client A on a full time 
basis. So that's how they are workers assigned to them and that's how 
they are built to the client. So these 1,600 employees are fully employed 
in delivering services to existing BroadPath clients. 
 
Having said that some of the personnel that we have acquired in sales, 
client services, and other areas they could help us with some of the cross 

 
21 
sell and upsell. But in terms of pure revenue generation, if we were to 
generate more revenue, we'll have to correspondingly add to the 
headcount. 
Deekshant Boolchandani: 
Got it. Last question is on the other income. Maybe this has been 
discussed before, but would you just expand a little bit of what comprises 
our other income? 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: 
Yeah. The entire ₹440 million. Is a combination of FX adjustment. And 
during this quarter, we have got about close to $0.5 million of interest 
income where money is their part of overnight deposits. So it's a 
combination of those two. 
Deekshant Boolchandani: 
How much of this would be the FX gains for us? 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: 
Yeah. Just give me a minute. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Just a ballpark percentage.  
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: 
FX gains would be roughly about close to ₹300 million. The balance would 
be interest income. 
Deekshant Boolchandani: 
Okay. If I could ask one more question, please. So what has been the key 
growth driver for us in this quarter of growth, and what do you think that 
is going to be the key growth driver going forward? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
See our growth drivers in general, like we've discussed in the past, is 
getting additional work from existing clients, and adding new clients to 
the portfolio in addition to additional volumes that we may get from the 
same lines of work that we've been doing for clients. During open 
enrolment season, the additional volumes from the same lines of work, 
increases as a surge volume for that period. So that's exactly for example, 
if I'm doing, let's say member engagement work for a client, during open 
enrolment season, the same work they would want me to staff up, 
because they expect a lot more queries from members. 
 
So the volume surge on existing lines of work, increases during open 
enrolment season. But the other drivers for growth, like I said, is getting 
additional lines of work from our existing clients as well as starting work 
with new clients. And those two drivers of growth will continue in the non-
open enrolment periods as well. 
Deekshant Boolchandani: 
Got it. Thank you so much for the clarity. Really appreciate it. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Deekshant. We move to the last question from the line of 
Sushovan Nayak from Anand Rathi. Your line has been unmuted. 

 
22 
Sushovan Nayak:  
Thank you so much for the opportunity and a great set of results. 
Congratulations. So, just one thing. I mean, obviously, one of the 
questions was the cost pressures on the customers, the Payers, which 
may increase outsourcing penetration, which you had mentioned. The 
other thing which I was just wondering is with the DOGE coming in, and 
there may be a lot of impact on the government department workers. Do 
you think that will accentuate the outsourcing penetration? Do you 
envisage that to happen, which will potentially benefit you from a tailwind 
standpoint? 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
I don't know the indirect effect of that. But like I said, we don't directly 
work for government departments. So any efficiency that the DOGE is 
trying to create won’t have a direct impact on us. But because if there are 
any flow down effects, because of any other regulatory changes like, 
we've discussed in earlier questions, that is something we have to wait 
and see. 
Sushovan Nayak:  
Thank you so much. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. That concludes our call today. Thank you, members of the 
management, on behalf of Sagility India Limited. We would like to 
conclude this webinar. Thank you for joining us, and you may now log off 
Zoom. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company 
takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
