 
Grasim Industries Limited 
Aditya Birla Centre, ‘A’ Wing, 2nd Floor, S.K. Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400 030, India 
T: +91 22 6652 5000 / 2499 5000 | F: +91 22 6652 5114 / 2499 5114 
E: grasim.secretarial@adityabirla.com | W: www.grasim.com | CIN: L17124MP1947PLC000410 
Regd. Office : Birlagram, Nagda – 456 331 (M.P.) 
 
Ref No. GIL/CFD/SEC/25/333/SE 
                                                    17th February 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 500300  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Symbol: GRASIM  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of post Earnings Call  
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of post Earnings Call held on 11th February 2025 on 
Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter 
and 
nine 
months 
ended 
31st 
December 
2024 
and 
is 
also 
available 
at 
https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/grasim-earnings-call-trancript-q3fy25.pdf  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Sailesh Kumar Daga 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
FCS - 4164  
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Cc:   
Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
35A Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
 
 
Citibank N.A. 
Depositary Receipt Services 
390 Greenwich Street,  
4th Floor, New York - 10013 
 
Citibank N.A. 
Custodial Services 
FIFC, 9th Floor, C-54 & 55, 
G Block  Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400098 
 
 
SAILESH 
KUMAR 
DAGA
Digitally signed by 
SAILESH KUMAR 
DAGA 
Date: 2025.02.17 
14:46:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15
“Grasim Industries Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call”
February 11, 2025 
MANAGEMENT: PAVAN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
JAYANT DHOBLEY – BUSINESS HEAD, CHEMICALS,
CELLULOSIC FASHION YARN AND INSULATOR
RAKSHIT HARGAVE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
BIRLA OPUS, PAINT BUSINESS
VADIRAJ KULKARNI – INCOMING BUSINESS HEAD OF 
CELLULOSIC FIBRES DIVISION 
SANDEEP KOMARAVELLY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, BIRLA PIVOT
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for readability purposes, factual and verbatim errors. In case of  
    discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on the website on 11th February 2025 will prevail. 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 2 of 15
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Grasim Industries Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Panchmatia, Head, Investor Relations, Grasim 
Industries. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Panchmatia: 
Good morning and thank you for joining Grasim's Third Quarter Financial Year 2025 earnings 
call. The financial statements, press release and presentations are already uploaded on the 
website of stock exchanges and our website for your reference. For safe harbor, kindly refer to 
cautionary statements highlighted in the last slide of our presentation. 
Our management team is present on this call to discuss our results and business performance. 
We have with us Mr. Pavan Jain, Chief Financial Officer Grasim Industries, Mr. Jayant Dhobley, 
Business Head of Chemicals, Cellulosic Fashion Yarn and Insulator Business; Mr. Rakshit 
Hargave, CEO of Birla Opus, our Paint division; Mr. Vadiraj Kulkarni, incoming Business Head 
of Cellulosic Fibres division; and Mr. Sandeep Komaravelly, CEO of Birla Pivot, our B2B E-
commerce business. 
Let me now hand over the call to Mr. Pavan Jain for his opening remarks, post which, we will 
open the call for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Pavan Jain: 
Good morning, everyone, and I wish you all a very happy 2025, which marks halfway point in 
the current decade and quarter century mark of the 21st century. Let me start with macro 
commentary, and then I will talk about our businesses and financial performance across each 
segment for the quarter ended 31st December '24. 
The year 2024 was largely characterized by positive developments like disinflation, resilient 
growth and improving corporate profits. Elections and rate cuts dominated second half of 2024, 
which are expected to influence the global economy shaping market dynamics for the 
foreseeable future. As we enter 2025, rising policy, uncertainties, protectionism and geopolitical 
tension signal a more volatile and fragmented global economy. 
As highlighted by our Chairman in his visionary reflections for 2024-25, we will be embracing 
a U3 world, which is uncertain, unpredictable, and unorthodox world in 2025. As per the latest 
IMF World Economic Outlook report, global growth is projected at 3.3% in 2025 and in 2026, 
both below the pre-COVID historical current century's average of 3.7%. Advanced economies 
are projected to grow at 1.9% in 2025 and 1.8% in 2026. And within the advanced economies, 
the U.S. is expected to grow a little faster with projected growth rate of 2.7% in 2025 and 2.1% 
in 2026. 
Diverging growth and inflation dynamics could result in varied monetary policy approaches by 
central banks across the world, leading to widening rate differential. Emerging markets and 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 3 of 15
developing economies are projected to grow at 4.2% in 2025 and 4.3% in 2026, with India 
leading the projected growth rate at 6.5% in 2025 and 2026. 
Since September 2024, Chinese policymakers continue to focus on delivering a series of 
stimulus packages to inject new life into their struggling economy. The newly imposed tariffs 
by the U.S. on China could derail the PBOC efforts of reviving the economy. India will continue 
to be amongst the fastest growing economies in the years to come. The recent budget 
announcement has shown continued focus on infrastructure development, is also creating 
environment for boosting consumption. 
Further, after a gap of nearly 5 years, RBI has unanimously decided to reduce the benchmark 
repo rate by 25 basis points to 6.25%, delivering a less restrictive monetary policy. Coming to 
our company, we continue to leverage our diversified business portfolio, capitalizing on India 
growth story with a proven track record of creating large-scale businesses and capacities, Grasim 
is well prepared to meet the increasing demand of the growing Indian economy. Emulating this 
growth momentum, we are happy to share that Grasim's consolidated revenue grew for the 17th 
consecutive quarter on Y-o-Y basis, registering a CAGR of 13.5% over the past 4 years. 
The trailing 12 months consolidated revenue stood at highest level of almost ₹1,40,000 crores. 
For Q3, FY '25 consolidated revenue grew by 9% Y-o-Y at ₹34,793 crores. The standalone 
revenue for this quarter stood at highest ever level of ₹8,120 crores. Consolidated EBITDA for 
the quarter is ₹4,668 crores is lower by 9% Y-o-Y, mainly due to lower profitability in cement 
business and initial investments in building Birla Opus, a leading brand in the Indian decorative 
paints market. 
Talking about segmental performance, let me start with Building Materials segment, where we 
are building up the size and scale to contribute meaningfully towards Viksit Bharat. UltraTech 
remains on track to achieve domestic gray cement capacity of over 200 million tons per annum 
by FY '27. The India Cement Limited open offer was concluded in the current quarter and the 
integration was completed. The acquisition of Kesoram cement business is awaiting approval 
with regards to transfer of mines in Telangana and Karnataka. The integration is expected to be 
complete in the current financial year. 
Demand across all sectors, that is individual house builder, infrastructure sector and urban 
housing growth has been improving and domestic gray cement volume grew by 11% Y-o-Y in 
the quarter gone by. However, the realisation was lower by 10%, though there was sequential 
improvement in realisation by 1.4%. Our Paints business under Birla Opus brand continues to 
gain market share in the Indian decorative paints market, backed by rapidly expanding 
distribution network and leapfrogging brand visibility backed by superior product quality. 
With commencement of commercial production at Chamarajanagar in November '24 and Mahad 
expected in this quarter, that is Q4 FY '25, Birla Opus would be the second largest player by 
installed capacity in the Indian decorative paints market, which is poised to grow in double digit 
over the next decade. Our sixth plant at Kharagpur in West Bengal is expected to go live in Q1 
FY '26 as cyclone Dana affected construction activities. The advertisement campaign, Duniya 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 4 of 15
ko Rang do and Naye Zamane Ka Naya Paint has been successful with an outreach to more than 
70 crores Indians. 
Addition of dealer network remains on track, which is evident from the fact that Birla Opus is 
second most visible paint brand in India now. B2B E-commerce business, Birla Pivot continues 
to attain higher revenues quarter-on-quarter. Birla Pivot is constantly enhancing its user 
experience, driving the digital adoption in the B2B ecosystem. The business has added new 
product categories, expanding its total addressable market in the B2B building materials space 
with focus to enhance revenue from the private labels. The business has launched Birla Pivot 
Bathware, expanding its private label portfolio beyond Tiles and Plywood. 
Our core businesses, namely Cellulosic Fibre and Chemicals continue to provide stability to 
overall earnings profile. Global demand for cellulosic fibre business continues to remain stable 
with improving price trends. Over the past decade, cellulosic fibre industry has grown almost 
twice the growth rate of competing textile fibres that is cotton and polyester. 
Moreover, within Cellulosic Fibres, Lyocell, a third-generation specialty fibre, is the fastest-
growing specialty cellulosic fibre compared to gray and other generations of cellulosic fibres. 
Innovation-led specialized applications, coupled with customers' ever-increasing demand for 
improved sustainability credentials, we believe that Lyocell growth prospects would further 
improve. 
Also as our current capacity being fully utilized, the Board has approved setting up of 110K 
TPA Lyocell fibre capacity at Harihar, Karnataka in 2 phases. The first phase of 55K TPA will 
be executed by mid-'27 at an investment of ₹1,350 crores. Improved demand condition in China 
helped by pre-Chinese New Year demand has led to higher operating rates at 89% and low 
inventory of 8 days in China. China CSF prices for quarter 3 are sequentially higher by 2% and 
5% higher Y-o-Y basis. 
Domestic realisation improved in line with the increase in international prices. Our Cellulosic 
Fibre volumes stood flat on a Y-o-Y basis. However, there was sequential decline due to 
production loss at Excel plant in Kharach and seasonal demand weakness during the quarter end 
post festival season. Chemicals business revenue stood at highest level since Q1 FY '24, led by 
continuous improvement in domestic prices, in line with global caustic soda prices. However, 
continued negative chlorine realisation due to oversupply has partially offset improved caustic 
realisation not getting fully reflected in ECU realisation. 
Caustic soda sales volume growth was muted at 1% Y-o-Y due to lower production at Vilayat 
restricted by lower power availability, which is expected to improve in coming quarters. 
Chemicals business EBITDA for Q3 FY '25 was up 25% Y-o-Y, mainly led by higher realisation 
in caustic soda prices and improved profitability in chlorine derivatives segment. Financial 
Services business under Aditya Birla Capital reported all-round growth across different 
businesses with focus on driving quality and profitable growth by leveraging data, digital and 
technology. 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 5 of 15
NBFC segment reported revenue growth of 12% and Housing Finance business grew by 45% 
Y-o-Y. The total lending portfolio, which includes NBFC and Housing Finance loan book grew 
by 27% Y-o-Y to over ₹1,46,000 crores. Given the competitive intensity and changing cost of 
borrowing, the NIM for NBFC business declined by 88 bps Y-o-Y and net interest income for 
Housing Finance business declined by 43 bps, impacting the overall profitability. Life and health 
insurance segment reported Y-o-Y revenue growth of 5% and 38%, respectively. 
Amalgamation of Aditya Birla Finance with Aditya Birla Capital announced in March '24 has 
received approval from shareholders. The amalgamation scheme now awaits approval from 
NCLT Ahmedabad and is expected to get completed by March '25. In renewable business, our 
installed capacity continues to ramp up with cumulative installed capacity at 1.2 gigawatts, up 
37% from 894 megawatts in March '24 and another 0.8 gigawatt is under advanced stage of 
commissioning. 
With the projects under implementation, the capacity is expected to reach nearly 2 gigawatts by 
end of current financial year. The business has strong anchor clientele with Aditya Birla Group 
company representing 37% of the power offtake against the existing portfolio. 
We can now move on to Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Sumangal Nevatia: 
My first question is on the CSF division. If one can elaborate what sort of cost pressures are we 
looking at in this quarter and in the coming quarters, some guidance? And we are running at 
almost rated capacity. What sort of capital allocation are we looking at in this division given the 
return profile has been very subdued over the last few years. So should we expect steady-state 
limited investments in future, focus on paints and other divisions? Or we would look to see some 
brownfield attractive expansion opportunities here as well? 
Pavan Jain: 
Yes, Sumangal. So I think as regards to cost pressure, the key input prices, which is pulp and 
caustic soda and sulphur, all these prices have moved up almost more than, I mean, in the higher 
double digit, more than 10%. Of course, the CSF realisations have also improved, but the impact 
of input price hike is more than the impact of the gain in the realisation prices. 
As far as caustic soda prices are concerned, while the CSF business gets impacted by the higher 
cost, higher price, but we gain more than that in our chemical business because more than 50%, 
60% goes to the other customers, caustic soda goes to the customers other than CSF. So that is 
about the pricing impact. Looking at the current pricing scenario, I think the input prices continue 
to be at the elevated level. But as the demand of CSF is also increasing and the capacities are 
utilized at 89% in China and almost 100% here. I think there is a scope of price improvement. 
Yes. The second part about your investments. So as Board has already approved investment of 
₹1,350 crores. We are setting up the Lyocell capacity, which is a specialty fibre in our Harihar 
plant. The first phase of 55,000 tons per annum is already approved. The total capacity increase 
will be about 110,000 tons involving 2 phases, first phase 55,000 and second, another 55,000. 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 6 of 15
So we are allocating capital to CSF business also. Specialty fibre side, which has,  I mean, the 
higher prices, we get premium in the specialty product. So investment is going in that business. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood. Understood. Sir, my second question is on one of our small division, Pivot. So, I 
just wanted to understand what, how is the competitive landscape in that building products and 
sales market? And how is our positioning different from a few of our peers because we do keep 
hearing aggressive growth plans by competition like Infra.Market, JSW One, etcetera. So just 
some details on these will be very helpful. 
Sandeep Komaravelly: 
Sure. Sumangal, this is Sandeep here. Thanks for the question. As you rightly pointed out, I 
think there is the space is large. If you look at the overall B2B building material as a market, it's 
much, much larger than all other sectors. It's more than ₹1 trillion, and there are a few companies 
which are trying to drive B2B E-commerce within this space. From our point of view, well, I 
can't comment on competition, from our point of view, we remain committed to building a very 
comprehensive end-to-end B2B E-commerce platform that fundamentally resolves for all the 
use cases there are, whether it is a retail customer or whether it is a project customer. And we've 
been doing that for the last 1.5 years. In general, if you see the space, the digital adoption has 
been fairly low. And that's not because of non-availability of products or solutions, but largely 
because there are multiple users for every transaction who are involved and the companies and 
the entities that are involved are different sizes, right, from a one-person proprietor to a large 
entity, which is even public and meeting the requirements of all of these entities and solving 
them through technology is a fairly complex problem. 
We've been very focused on solving the visibility part of it. And our ultimate goal is to actually 
give almost like a B2C kind of fulfillment experience to B2B, and we are well on our way in 
driving that. And the other aspect of this is that there are multiple categories that are involved. 
If you look at building materials, there are more than 40, 50 categories, and each of them are 
fairly complex. So the scope is fairly large, and we are just about getting started. So we have not 
even scratched the surface, if you ask, in our view and the runway to grow is ahead. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Yes. So I mean, just a quick one on the Paints division, looks like a very impressive growth for 
another quarter. So I just wanted some color on operating losses. I mean, can we expect, going 
forward, the losses to further increase at least for some time or the peak is behind and some 
operating leverage to start reflecting on be moving towards breakeven. So one on that. And then, 
I mean, next year looks like all our plants will be firing. So after our high single-digit exit for 
this year, some color on how we are looking at penetration and market share increase in FY '26, 
would be very useful, sir. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
Sumangal, this is Rakshit. So as far as you're talking about operating losses, they are exactly as 
we had planned. So like we said, we presented a game plan where we said that within 3 years of 
full-scale operation, we would want to break even. So there is a journey. And what we are seeing 
this year is the part that was planned. So nothing exceptional there. You also talked about exiting 
the year at high single digit, yes. So we are on track to exit the year at high single digit. But what 
we see next year, we see a lot of opportunities for us to continue on the same track. So we will 
continue investing on the brand. We are gaining market share quarter-on-quarter because I think 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 7 of 15
it's a long journey. So fundamentally, trying to get more dealers to back more aggressively with 
us, opening more dealers, improving our dealer throughput on a per dealer basis and obviously 
building Opus brand where we have other initiatives also planned. So nothing will change. And 
as far as operating losses, like we said, we've talked about a 3-year guidepost after wholesale 
operations, so that will hold true. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
Navin Sahadeo: 
Yes. So, my first question was in the paints and B2B E-commerce segment. Now it's really great 
to see that sequentially, there is a material revenue jump, excluding UltraTech, of course. Also, 
heartening to see that the EBITDA losses have also reduced quarter-on-quarter despite the sales 
going up by almost like ₹543 odd crores combined segment, excluding cement, of course. So 
my question was to get some understanding on this. Can we say that as sales ramp up in the 
coming quarters, this absolute loss number or as a percentage of sale will only narrow, and we 
have like -- we have peaked out in terms of losses in this segment. Is it a way to look at it? As 
you said, it's a journey, but at least directionally, are we on that part of reducing losses? Or it's 
too early to say that? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So I think the way we will put it is we have to break even after the first full 3 years of full-scale 
operation. Obviously, there is going to be a parachute that will fall. And in that, first year is 
going to be the heaviest year of investment. So I think if you look at it this way, the journey 
continues, and we know in which direction we will proceed. That's how I will say. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Fair point. My second question then was on CSF. So, we have announced a capex of ₹1,350 
crores. Now we are yet to deploy or complete the capex in Paint and we have taken the CSF 
expansion. I know that segment was demanding growth. But I'm looking from a point that new 
businesses are incurring losses. So is it a way that we are like to read it that we are confident that 
these losses won't balloon as revenues jump, and that's why the comfort from the company or 
the confidence from the company to take this capex because we'll have to spend substantial 
amount next year, '26 is what I'm assuming. And I've also seen your PPT, there is no change in 
capex guidance for '25, which means this capex will come in '26. So is this how one should read 
into it? And just the other question is what is the net debt to EBITDA then we have in mind 
which, in a way, will not be -- will be a threshold so that even if it comes at the cost of slowing 
down some bit on CSF capex, but will not cause that threshold? 
Pavan Jain: 
Yes, Navin. So I think as far as the capex in Paints business is concerned, we are almost done. I 
think we have already done 90% of the capex for the paints business. As told earlier, 5 plants 
are almost completed. 6th plant is getting completed in Q1. So paints is, as far as capex is 
concerned, will be over maybe by Q2 of next financial year. As far as the debt EBITDA levels 
are concerned, as explained earlier, we will continue to have a guidance of not exceeding 3x to 
3.5x of net debt to EBITDA. I think we will be able to manage that. Of course, the existing 
businesses performance will have to, I mean, match to the expectations. That is the one thing. 
But as far as the capex plan is concerned, it is being planned, keeping the net debt-to-EBITDA 
level in mind. 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 8 of 15
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Wealth Management. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
I have 2 questions, sir, on chemicals. So for the Epoxy business, how have been seeing the ramp-
up of the newly expanded capacities or let's say, if you can say at what level of utilization, the 
newer capacity is operating at. Also, if you can share like how we are seeing the demand both 
on the liquid epoxy side and the specialty side of the business? and was Q3 seen a margin getting 
impacted because of volatility in the prices of bisphenol and higher prices of caustic soda? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
Nirav, this is Jayant. So, I'll start with your last question first. 
Jayant Dhobley: 
Look, BPA and ECH prices have both been going up, as you know. Between the 2, I think 
average increase over the quarter has been about 13% weighted average. And we have been able 
to pass on not all of the price increase. So, our margins have been under pressure, partly also 
because of the FTA, our country has with the Korean producers, who are able to bring in LER 
duty free. And as you know, as an industry, we are hoping that the government will address this. 
Volume-wise, there has been marginal growth. We are trading off volume and margin. So in that 
sense, you can say that our quarter-over-quarter performance has not really been impacted, 
maybe slightly lower, but not materially lower. Then if you get to your question on ramp-up of 
our new plant, you know that there are many underlying products that sit in that plant, whether 
that is liquid epoxy resin, whether that is polyesters, polyamide. So I will not give you a breakup 
by product because, as you can imagine, that is sensitive from a competition perspective. 
But depending on how we have commissioned those plants and what type of qualifications we 
are getting with the customers, we have been able to achieve about 25% ramp-up of the plant, 
partly related to customer qualifications, partly related to some typical teething problems that 
any new plant has. But we have continued to maintain our market share to the best of our 
position. I hope that answered all your questions. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So just a clarification here. So you mentioned that the margins were impacted, and we have tried 
to pass on some of the cost increases. So, in the initial round of this 25% ramp-up of the newly 
commissioned capacity, if I'm right in reading your statement, is more on the liquid side where 
the realisations are lower and probably once the specialty volume starts picking up, those would 
inch up our average realisations and would take more than take care of the increase in the raw 
material prices. is it the right assumption to make? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
Yes, that's the right assumption. As you can imagine, BPA, ECH prices mostly affect liquid 
proxy. And as you know, once those start to turn, then of course, we will also see the positive 
impact. 
Moderator: 
We move to the next question from Mihir Shah from Nomura. 
Mihir Shah: 
So firstly, on Paints business, congrats, there seems to be a material step-up on sales in third 
quarter versus what we saw in the second quarter. Can you talk a bit on how much of this would 
be from sell-outs? And what would be the dealer reach now? Also, if you can share your 
geographical split, i.e., contribution from North, South, West, East? And lastly, traction from 
exclusive dealers or large dealers and from small dealers. That will be my first question. 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 9 of 15
Rakshit Hargave: 
Okay. So I think you have multiple points in your question. So if I take the first one, so our 
sellouts are excellent. So when I say we have a system where we know exactly how many 
kiloliters of products were scanned by our contractors on the previous day. We actually get live 
data. And if I take a look at that, literally 65% to 70% of what we have sold and have sold out. 
And actually, the inventory that we have lying at the dealers is very healthy compared to other 
companies where you have a lot of inventory line. Our inventories are nice, and the dealers are 
happy because then the corresponding return on capital is excellent. So, from an offtake point of 
view, excellent. So I think that's a great testimony to the fact that the acceptance of our products 
by contractors and painters is very good, and we are also very happy with the overall package. 
Secondly, I think you asked about the geographical split. So I think we work very hard across 
all regions. So we see that the response for Birla Opus across North, East, West, South is 
excellent. If you ask me to put a number, difficult for me to put through, but I will say that if the 
best region is 110, then maybe the slowest region is 90. So there is no literal material difference. 
We are doing well across all the regions. And I think that's also because all our inputs that we 
have designed are more or less on an equitable basis. Our media reach, we have not left any part 
of India uncovered in terms of the deliveries. The work that we have done with contractors is 
spread across India. So, I think we've taken the fact that we want to be a national launch, true, 
in terms of execution. From a dealer point of view, we have excellent response from most of the 
dealer classes. So the medium-sized dealers are giving us excellent response. Many small dealers 
are also betting with us. And we see in the last quarter, many large dealers are also now giving 
us a large part of the business. So as expected, the momentum across all dealer classes is great. 
In terms of number of dealers that we are covering, I think we had talked about 50,000 dealers 
by the end of the first year. I think we are very close to that journey in terms of where we will 
end the first year. And I think corresponding to that dealer network that we have opened, all the 
other elements of coverage that go along with that, have happened as per the plan. So, I think all 
in all, the answers to your 4 questions suggest that you rightly said, there's a jump in the business 
because now we are also getting sales from Q2 to Q3 has been very, very relevant. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Shreya Banthia from Oaklane Capital Management. 
Shreya Banthia: 
My questions would be regarding the Chemical division. So given there are so many capacities 
coming up in caustic soda, how do we place ourselves being the largest player in the industry? 
And secondly, on the epoxy resin, so if you could give your view on the tariffs that are being 
considered in the U.S. on epoxy resin from the Asian countries. These would be my 2 initial 
questions, sir. 
Jayant Dhobley: 
So I'll answer your question in the reverse order. So while both U.S. and Europe are looking at 
tariffs on epoxy resins, there are other jurisdictions such as Korea and China, which are likely 
to be more severely impacted if you look at what type of a grant filing has been done. So, it's a 
little bit of, you know, if India gets a little bit lower tariff compared to what the other 2 major 
producers get, in net, it may benefit us. But this is a speculative amount because the final tariffs 
are not yet announced. Secondly, Grasim focuses mainly on the domestic market. which we 
believe is healthy, growing and offers us a large capacity for growth. Exports make up probably 
less than 15%, maybe closer to 10% of our epoxy sales. So we are basically a domestic player 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 10 of 15
as far as the Grasim is considered in epoxy. But if, for example, there is a significant arbitrage 
between what custom duty may be imposed towards other Asian players versus China, it may 
open an export opportunity.  
Jayant Dhobley: 
Your second question was related to the larger caustic capacities coming in. I'm assuming you're 
referring to the 2 big players which are doing an integrated play with PVC. Of course, that is 
some time away. But look, there is a net demand for PVC in Asia, right? Today, the Indian 
domestic industry, the Indian consumption of PVC is met by imports. So, if a domestic producer 
for PVC comes in, correspondingly, there will be pressure on operating rates of PVC plants in 
other parts of Asia. And net-net, that may have a zero-sum game as far as caustic is concerned. 
And in either case, caustic capacity keeps growing, caustic demand keeps growing. So there may 
be a couple of years of pressure there. And you know Grasim very well. We don't only look at 
our strategy from a 2-year that we are a long-term player in this business. We do not believe that 
we have any reason to be concerned about the caustic capacities coming up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. 
Percy Panthaki: 
I understand you're doing well across the board. But if you can give some flavor in terms of, on 
a relative basis, where are you doing better in terms of the town tier class? Is it the large towns 
where you have a higher market share? Or is it the smaller towns? And also similarly, in the 
tiering of the paints by value, so is it the top tier where your market share is relatively higher 
than the mid or bottom tier? Or is it the other way around? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, like I said, the response that we have is more or less uniform across all town classes. To 
begin with, maybe in the first few months, we had a very strong takeoff in the mid- and upper 
mid-tier towns. But now in the last quarter 4, we see that we also have excellent reach in the 
metros. And like I said, we are already available in more than 5,500 towns. So, offtake 
measurement as we see, which is the true parameter of how the product is moving, we see that 
the product is moving across all these town segments. Obviously, maybe in the longer term, 
some developments might happen, which show that we are particularly stronger in one or the 
other. But at the moment, our inputs and large team is focusing equally on all the geographies.  
Also, if I take a look at the product here that you have, you know that we are available in now 
all the product segments, and we are also available across all the price points. We have seen, our 
product quality is so good that many of the economy products that we have in the so-called 
segment are as per the contractors better than any of the premium products being offered by our 
competition. So we see that we have good acceptance across price segments. We also see that 
our luxury products are getting very good receipt and people are buying them. So we are still 
developing the distribution of the whole range because some of our products and ranges have 
just hit the market maybe in the last 2 months. But as of now, I can tell you that we are moving 
in an extremely healthy manner across all the price point tiers that we have launched in. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. Secondly, I just wanted to understand in terms of the market share, the exit market share 
for this year, you're targeting a high single digit, would you be sort of for FY '26, looking at 
something like a mid-teens kind of a number? 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 11 of 15
Rakshit Hargave: 
So I think we will talk about that once when we enter next year. At the moment, we are focused 
on a very strong February and March to see that we exit with healthy, like we said, single digit 
mid high single-digit shares. Also important, one comment that I would want to make is that 
while the paint market has been slow, in our assessment in the last quarter, the market has been 
like flat or maybe minus 1. But we have gained share. And I think the meetings with all the 
companies have happened where they have shown on a standalone basis that they're all negative, 
while everybody is talking about a very slow market, but nobody has talked about the fact that 
a lot of that gain has come to Birla Opus. So I think I would want to build upon that and say that, 
yes, we will exit in high single digits. And like we said, next year also, the intent would be to 
keep gaining share quarter-on-quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 
Prateek Kumar: 
My first question is on CSF Chemicals segment. So, the 2 segments combined EBITDA has like 
been largely range-bound at ₹600 crores to ₹700 crores for a while. Recently, I mean, 
particularly in CSF, leadership position and high operating rates of China, why the company is 
unable to pass this higher cost, which came as a big change on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And 
on Lyocell, particularly, we are like going ahead with this large capex. So, what is the EBITDA 
contribution of Lyocell in this ₹330 crores-odd EBITDA, which we had in this for this segment? 
Vadiraj Kulkarni: 
Yes. One, I think as far as why we're not able to pass on the cost increase to the customers, you 
see it's a demand and supply equation which also plays out in the global market. And that is true 
for, I think, many segments. Sometimes we can pass on much more than the increase in the cost 
because the demand has been very, very high. Two, in terms of current Lyocell capacity for us 
is very limited. While we have a very large market share in the country today, it's a very small 
capacity compared to what's happening globally and compared to the traditional CSF capacity. 
So, I think, yes, in fact, the Lyocell contributions today in EBITDA percentages are much higher 
than the contribution and margin profile for the traditional CSF category. That is why we are 
investing in a new Lyocell capacity, which promises a much higher EBITDA margin profile. 
Prateek Kumar: 
So, the passing on of RM cost and pricing in CSF, that will happen in the current quarter, Q4, 
you mean? And my other question is on Paints. Basically, just wanted to check on because you 
are like fourth plant under trial runs this quarter. So has this contributed anything to your WIP 
revenue like the way you said in Q1 performance? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
Yes. So, like we have commercialized four plants and Chamarajanagar was commercialized in 
November. But Chamarajanagar was operating for a few months before November under trial. 
Similarly, Mahad, which we plan to commercialize in this quarter, has been doing trial 
production since 2.5 months and is ramping up. So, all that production of Chamarajanagar pre-
November and of March till now, obviously, is going into CWIP.  
Vadiraj Kulkarni: 
About price increase, Yes, we have, I think in the last 3 months, we have been able to affect 2 
price increases despite the challenges of a muted demand from, sometimes seasonal muted 
demand from December, one in the month of, sometime in November and one also from 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 12 of 15
February. So to some extent, we've been able to pass on and the right thing is to see maximum 
passing on the increase in cost. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark. 
Tejash Shah: 
My question pertains on paints. You called out that unlike peers, you are not seeing macro 
slowdown. Just wanted to know, would you still say that versus where we started the year, the 
macros are slightly difficult where we would have thought it will play out? And second, if there's 
any truth to that, would you consider going moderate on your capacity expansion? Or will it be 
as you had planned earlier? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So Tejash, let me clear. So I said the market has been flat or marginally negative. So obviously, 
it is slower than what it was anticipated. But what I meant is that some other companies have 
talked about the market being minus 5, minus 4. So what I'm saying the market is not that 
negative. The market is flat. But obviously, the market was growing in single digits before that. 
So, there is a slowdown. As far as our capacity expansion is concerned, I think we are fully 
committed to starting our 6 factories. So there is no question on that. With Chamarajanagar's 
commercialization, 866 million litres installed capacity has come online. Mahad, when it comes 
on, another 230 million litres added, and Kharagpur has 236 when it comes up. So, the 1,332 
million litres installed capacity is a commitment, and there's no change on that. We believe the 
long-term view and we set up these factories for our long-term business, remains very attractive. 
Tejash Shah: 
Yes. Second question, are you seeing any higher interest from institutional buyers, real estate 
developers? Any insight or any update on that? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So we also have our institutional segment, and we are also ramping up well there. But as you 
would understand, to open up institutional clients because there are projects which are already 
committed and there are brands which are already entered, happens with a lag as compared to 
retail buyers. So, we see that there is good traction, which is developing. And obviously, the 
institutional segment buyers have also liked our quality. You also know that for institutions, for 
many government institutions, you have to first do the listing before they start buying. So we 
are also doing that process very well, but there are some more listings, et cetera, that are pending. 
But all that is happening as of now. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Amit Purohit from Elara. 
Amit Purohit: 
My question is around paints. So sir, just wanted your comments on the recent trends that you 
have seen probably for the industry growth, say, maybe in Jan and Feb. And second, just wanted 
to get insights on if you could share probably our penetration level in the dealers. The idea is to 
understand maybe a dealer was appointed maybe 6 months or 3 months back, any data point on 
that just to understand how the ramp-up is happening for old dealers getting appointed, if 
possible. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, your first question was about the market growth and something about category that you 
mentioned? 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 13 of 15
Rakshit Hargave: 
I think Jan, summer has come on the markets. I mean the skies have opened up. So maybe Jan 
was, as I hear from the dealers, a bit better, but very early to say how will it go, whether the 
quarter is going to be significantly better or similar like last quarter. But yes, when the skies 
open up and then there is a lot of activity starts happening is what we heard. As far as dealer 
type, talking about A class, B class, C class, the way whatever we define the dealers. So as 
compared to 4 or 5 months back, I think that comparison is also a bit unfair because our coverage 
4, 5 months ago was half of what we are today. So obviously, we have added dealers of all types. 
And like I said that we are getting good response also from the large dealer and the midsized 
dealers. And I would say that we are quite equitably present across all these 3 classes, getting 
good offtake from all these dealers. But trying to compare it with where I was 4 to 5 months 
back would not be the right barometer at the moment because the absolute count itself was a lot 
less, we've added a lot more dealers in the last quarter. 
Amit Purohit: 
Yes. Just actually, I was referring to some dealers, which would have been appointed, say, 4, 5 
months, so same dealer, if that is possible to share that data point. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, what I can tell you is that the dealers who were appointed by us 4 or 5 months back, most of 
them have continued and their throughputs on a month-on-month basis are improving. It's a very 
healthy sign. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Meet Bhatt from Emkay Research Services. 
Meet Bhatt: 
Sir, my question is regarding CPVC. So we are getting total capacity of 100,000 tons. And along 
with that, Epigral is also doubling the capacity to 150,000 and DCW also has 50,000. So, my 
first question is I wanted to know what is the current demand in terms of tons in India and outside 
of India? And what will be the demand scenario in next 2, 3 years? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
Yes. So firstly, this business actually is done together with Lubrizol. So what will be sold in the 
market is the Lubrizol CPVC under the brand name TempRite. Grasim has a certain business 
model with them, which is covered by an NDA. Lubrizol has committed to India, the largest 
CPVC plant that they have anywhere in the world, and that is actually at our location in Grasim 
at Vilayat. From what I can tell you, and I can only disclose very limited because this business 
is together with somebody else, is that they see healthy demand for this. CPVC is a material of 
choice for plumbers in India. Lubrizol is forward integrated in India into compounding. And 
globally, they are by far number one in this category right. So, Grasim, together with Lubrizol, 
have very high confidence both in the market size, its growth and our joint ability to provide a 
product that is significantly superior to most other players in the industry. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Jai Doshi from Kotak. 
Jai Doshi: 
Our estimate is that your market share may have improved by about 200 basis points in paint 
segment from September to December quarter. So is this improvement driven entirely by the 
B2C business? Or have you seen a good scale up in the projects institutional B2B business? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So obviously, the retail business, as you say, has ramped up. And the institutional business is 
also picking up in the last 3 months. So for me, to say if to come upon to 200 basis points that 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 14 of 15
you are talking about has come from which segment, I would say, obviously, it's a total share 
gain. But retail is obviously running ahead of institution for the reasons that I gave in the last 
answer. 
Jai Doshi: 
And when you mentioned that secondary sales, retail sales is about 65% of primary sales. So if 
you exit the year with, let's say, exit the month of March with high single-digit growth, so we 
should understand that even from a retail sales high single-digit market share, from a retail sales 
perspective also, you may be clocking 5% kind of market share. Is that understanding correct? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
No. So like I said, we want to exit the year in March in high-single digits. So 5% is just the 
middle. So we expect to do more than that. So 5% is not high single digits, is mid-single digits. 
So we will be doing better than that when we exit in March. And we can already see that where 
we are today in January. We are on course to keep that working. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Sir, are we sharing the capex guidance for FY '26, please? 
Pavan Jain: 
So Navin, our budgeting process is on. So, we will be sharing the FY '26 capex guidance most 
likely in our Q4 call, but depending upon whether we will be able to complete, but not before 
that. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Sure, sure. And if I could just ask one question related to Paint that will it strategically make 
sense to have putty business under us either acquire it from the subsidiary or maybe create a new 
one for a better synergy and a coordination with the business? Or do you think the current 
arrangement is good enough and needs no change? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So you see putty comes under UltraTech and it is doing well, and we would not want to comment 
on that, but it is running the way it is, and that's the way it will run. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Wealth Management. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, my question is on the chemical side. So like if you can share how much was chlorine negative 
this quarter vis-a-vis last quarter? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
So, for the reporting quarter, chlorine was about ₹7,000-7,500 negative. And the prices continue 
to be under pressure. So, as you know, caustic prices globally went up by about something like 
80% y-o-y, whereas about half of that was eaten up by negative chlorine. Until demand in the 
chlorine consuming sectors like agro, pharma, etcetera, pick up, we do expect chlorine to 
continue to be negative. I would not call out a specific price for this quarter, as you know, that 
is sensitive. But if you are in the market, you know that Q4 chlorine is more negative than Q3 
chlorine. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
My question is that with this chlorine negative rating expanded, how has our VAP portfolio 
performed? Because there, it's a direct beneficiary of whatever what we produce on the VAP 
side. So have we seen the profitability on the VAP side improved in Q3 vis-a-vis last quarter 
last year or even on a sequential basis, if you can share your view? 

Grasim Industries Limited 
February 11, 2025 
Page 15 of 15
Jayant Dhobley: 
Yes, Nirav. The answer to that question is absolutely yes. And you will note in our press release 
that we have said that our increased profit is because of higher caustic prices and improved 
profitability of our chlorine derivatives business. And I would not want to quantify that. You 
know my chlorine integration level, so you can kind of make a guess. 
Moderator: 
Next question Meet Bhatt from Emkay Research Services. 
Meet Bhatt: 
Sir my question is same on CPVC. As we can see CPVC resin price has came down from $200 
to $135. So first wanted to know the reason behind this and how it will impact us? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
Yes. So our project with Lubrizol is in execution phase right now. We expect mechanical 
complete and commissioning to start somewhere in Q2 FY '26. So at this moment, we do not 
have direct impact to CPVC price. And having said that, as I mentioned earlier, this business is 
in partnership with Lubrizol. Lubrizol is the lead partner who is going to be in the front for 
selling the CPVC. The arrangement between us is confidential, but what I can say is we would 
not be affected by the volatility in CPVC prices. Grasim would not be affected by the volatility 
in CPVC prices. But we will have the favorable benefit as CPVC demand grows. As you know, 
CPVC is a highly preferred material for the plumbing industry. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraints, we'll have to take that as the last question. On behalf of Grasim 
Industries Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and 
gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Pavan Jain: 
Thank you. 
