 
 
  SMIL: LISTING/24-25/1202/01  
 
 
 
 
             February 12, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
(SCRIP CODE - 535602) 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Mumbai - 400 051  
(Symbol - SHARDAMOTR) (Series - EQ) 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript of Conference Call held to discuss the Operational & financial 
performance for quarter ended December 31, 2024 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Part A to Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirement), Regulations, 2015 
 
 
    Dear Sir / Madam, 
In pursuant to the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015 and in furtherance to our letter no. SMIL: LISTING/24-25/3101/01 dated January 31, 
2025 with respect to the convening of Investors / Analyst conference call “Earning Call” on Wednesday, 
February 05, 2025 at 03.30 P.M. (IST)  onwards, for discussing the financial performance of the 
Company for third quarter ended December 31, 2024 for the financial year 2024-25, in this regard 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earning call.  
Further the same is also being available on the website of the Company at www.shardamotor.com.   
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Your’s Faithfully 
 
     Iti Goyal 
Asst. Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. as above 
Iti 
Goyal
Digitally signed 
by Iti Goyal 
Date: 2025.02.12 
19:36:09 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Sharda Motor Industries Limited Q3 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 05th February 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AASHIM RELAN – CEO, SHARDA MOTOR 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. PURU AGGARWAL – PRESIDENT AND GROUP CFO, 
SHARDA MOTOR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MIHIR VORA – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY25 Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
Conference Call hosted by Equirus Securities. 
This conference may contain forward-looking statements about the Company, which are based 
on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on date of this call. These statements 
are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions once the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Mihir Vora: 
Thank you. Hi, good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome you all to 
the Q3 FY25 Post Results Conference Call of Sharda Motors. 
From the management side, we have Mr. Aashim Relan - CEO and Mr. Puru Aggarwal - 
President and Group CFO. So, without further ado, I now hand over the floor to Mr. Puru 
Aggarwal for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Puru Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Mihir. Good afternoon, everyone. A warm welcome to all the participants on this 
call. I am here with Mr. Aashim Relan – our CEO and SGA. I hope you have had a chance to go 
through our results and the investor presentation. You can find the presentation on the Stock 
Exchange and on the Company's website. 
Before going into the Company’s financials, I would like to give a brief overview of some 
highlights of the industry for the quarter gone by. In Q3 FY25, passenger vehicle production 
volumes registered modest growth of approximately 3% year-on-year, reaching around 11.7 lakh 
units. Within the PV segment, passenger car were down 10%, though utility vehicle saw 11% 
growth in production. The Q3 sales growth of 7% indicates the expectation of recovery in PV 
segment with gradual clearance of inventories driven by strong demand and surge in SUV 
launches and effective marketing strategy by OEMs. 
In Q3 FY25, the commercial vehicle sector recorded production degrowth of approximately 2%, 
reaching around 2.46 lakh units. The subdued production activity was primarily due to a 
slowdown in industrial activity, delayed government fund releases and slow financial approvals, 
leading to many customers postponing purchases to the final quarter of the fiscal. However, 
optimism is rising, particularly in the regions benefiting from infrastructure projects. 
Additionally, this sector may witness a gradual recovery driven by an accelerated pace of 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
infrastructure development and Government incentives which could support fleet renewals and 
expansions. 
In Q3 FY25, the tractor segment recorded a production growth of approximately 12%, reaching 
around 2.2 lakh units up from 1.95 lakh units in Q3 FY24. This expansion was driven by strong 
growth in the agricultural sector and a favorable monsoon during the year. Given the positive 
outlook for agriculture, this momentum is expected to continue in the final quarter of the fiscal 
year. While the industry remains closely linked to agricultural trends, increasing mechanization, 
rising farmer income and improved access to financing are is expected to drive steadily the 
volume growth over the next 3 years. 
The two-wheeler segment registered a decent year-on-year production growth of 8%, reaching 
around 59.2 lakh units driven by 12% increase in scooter production and a 6% rise in motorcycle 
production. In contrast, the three-wheeler segment experienced production degrowth of 3%, 
indicating a market slowdown. This segment continues to remain positive, sported by improved 
supply, new launches and stronger rural demand, though financing concerns may continue to 
pose hurdles. 
Additionally, a revival in export markets further strengthens growth prospects. Overall, the 
Indian automobile industry registered a year on production growth of approximately 6% in Q3 
FY25, reaching around 75.9 lakh units, primarily driven by the two-wheeler segment with 8% 
Y-o-Y growth fueled by new model launches, a revival in rural demand, festive season sales and 
OEM discounts that boosted sales. PV and CV segments performance was subdued; however, 
given the sales growth and clearance of inventory in Q3 FY25, it is hoped that numbers in these 
segments will improve going forward. 
I will now shift the focus to the “Operational and Financial Performance” of the Company: 
On the consolidated basis, we registered revenue of Rs. 690 crores in Q3 FY25 and for 9MFY25 
our revenue stood at Rs. 2,087 crores. Our gross profit was Rs. 181 crores in Q3 FY25 which is 
a growth of 5% compared to Q3 FY24. And for 9MFY25, our gross profit stood at Rs. 549 
crores, which is a growth of 14% to 9MFY24. Our EBITDA for Q3 FY25 was Rs. 95 crores as 
compared to Rs. 94 crores in Q3 FY24. The EBITDA margin for the quarter was 13.7% and for 
9MFY25, our EBITDA margin was Rs. 296 crores as compared to Rs. 262 crores in 9MFY24, 
which is a growth of 13% on a Y-o-Y basis. The EBITDA margin for 9MFY25 was 14.2%. 
Our PBT for the quarter was Rs. 101 crores after accounting for our shares in profits of JVs and 
its Associates and for the 9M FY25, the PBT stood at Rs. 309 crores after accounting for our 
shares in the profits of JV and its Associates. The PAT for Q3 FY25 was Rs. 75 crores and 
9MFY25 PAT stood at Rs. 231 crores. On balance sheet front, we continue to maintain a healthy 
liquidity position of more than Rs. 863 crores in cash, cash equivalents and investments as on 
31st December 2024. 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
We are excited to announce a new order win for our lightweighting vehicle vertical. The order 
is for suspension control arm product with annual business of USD $4 million and lifetime 
business of USD $22 million. The SOP is expected from Q3 FY26 from our new plant in Pune. 
With this, we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. We will now begin with a question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press “*” and “1” on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are requested 
to use handset while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. The first question comes from the line of Chetan Ginodia from 
PGIM Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Chetan Ginodia: 
Hello, sir. Congratulations on a great set of numbers in a challenging environment. Sir, wanted 
to understand that our revenue growth for 9 months or for this quarter is more or less mirroring 
the industry growth as of now given the tough macro, but for coming year, do we have any 
significant orders or any new products that can help us grow ahead of the industry? I know we 
were working on a bunch of new products because it looks like TREM-V is consistently getting 
delayed, especially on the tractor side. So, are there any growth verticals available for us where 
you can inch up our revenue growth at least to double digits? 
Aashim Relan: 
Good afternoon. I think I was on mute. Good afternoon and thanks for the question. So, I will 
just take it in few parts. First, regarding the sales being flat, I think better to look at our numbers 
with the gross profit growth, de-growth, so for this quarter, we have had a 5% growth versus the 
PV industry which is growing at 3% and LCV is actually degrowing by approximately 1%. For 
the 9-month basis as well, our gross profit has grown by roughly 14% versus the PV industry 
growing at under 7% and LCVs at 2.8%. Now, coming to the question of the immediate year 
ahead of us, which is FY26, so there we have couple of things coming up. First, we have the 
CEV norms coming in where we have successfully won the business on the adjacency which is 
the temperature control pipes and that is something that will additional come probably mid of 
Q2 next year. Then, of course, our new plant, which is our lightweighting plant for suspension 
control arms that is just about starting up and that will have its full year next year. In addition, 
we have just won a very good order which Puru San announced, which luckily is also for a 
existing running program. So, we have in fact managed to take business and that is also going 
to start within FY26. So, that should be coming in the revenues from Q3. Then, the export 
business that we had announced last call, which is a very significant win that we made that also 
is scheduled to start Jan 26, so we will have revenues for that in Q4. And of course, there are 
some small LCV PV launches as well that will be coming in the next year. So, we should be able 
to outperform the industry with these additions. Now, when we move forward on 5-year basis 
that, of course, the strategy which we had noted is well under one, the export business is going 
to be growing fast. We have already won our first business in CV emission components. In 
addition to that, we will be looking at the temperature control tubes which we are going to start 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
production next year for the domestic market to export that, third on the genset emission side 
and fourth on the under 100 horsepower tractors. Then, the lightweighting vertical, which has  
started with the control arms already showing very good growth. They are also working to add 
technology organically plus inorganically to increase our content on that side and that will be a 
very good growth area. Then, of course, the upcoming emission norms, whether it be BS7, 
TREM-V will be great drivers for content as well as revenue, and then M&A is of course 
something that we are actively working on. 
Moderator: 
Does that answer your question, Chetan? 
Chetan Ginodia: 
Yes, sir, it does. So, just lastly, for this new program that we have won and also the new products 
for our temperature control pipe and the new lightweighting plant, so all this make the margin 
profile any different from what we are doing right now, if you can give any light on that? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So, these are newer products. We are hoping for a similar margin profile, and though it is 
too early to yet take a call on that. As we move forward and we really start producing them at 
scale, I think we will know more. Definitely, anything that is adjacency is very similar in margin 
profile, lightweighting as we start production, we will learn more, but we are hopeful to have 
similar margin profile. 
Chetan Ginodia: 
Thank you so much, sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Amit Hiranandi from Phillip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity team. Sir Just wanted to confirm is the TREM-V implementation 
date is confirmed from April 2026? 
Aashim Relan: 
So, the government has notified the date for 1st April 26. There is always possibility of time 
adjustment from the government side. However, the government has not changed the date. So, 
as of now we are looking at the date 1st April 26. However, as we learn from the government 
we will keep you updated. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
But similarly, if it is confirmed, so you must be having orders in hand for the date, right? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. So, we have most businesses already awarded for TREM-V. So, we have all the LOIs. 
However, the norm is something that the government needs leads, right. So, the current notified 
date is April 26, right and that will be based on the government. That is why it is difficult to 
guide so far there are no changes, but most of the orders for this segment have been awarded. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
Alright. Sir, any order wins in the export side and if you can also let us know what is the 
contribution coming from the international markets now? 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Aashim Relan: 
Right now, the contribution from the international markets is very less. In terms of exports, it 
would be like 1%-2% only. However, we won a very good order, which we announced last time. 
In fact, it was our main target order for commercial vehicle components. That is something that 
will start production in January, 26 and that is going to be for the US market. Their annual 
business is roughly 7 million and lifetime business is about $40 million. And this is also only 
few components for that particular customer. It is the leading engine & emission vertical 
Company in the world. And the balance, we have a very good RFQ pipeline. We have added a 
strong team which is focused on exports, which are working on various segments and as and 
when we have significant additions like the one, we had, we will keep updating. We are quite 
positive on the export side. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
Right, and sir, like I wanted to understand what is the capacity utilization for the exhaust system 
at present and in case, demand surges for exhaust and do we have any sufficient capacity in 
hand? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. So, for exhaust systems, we can augment capacity very easily, right. It is kind of a very 
high ROCE low CAPEX kind of business. So, we can augment very easily and that is why we 
are well prepared on the exhaust system capacity side. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
Anything on the utilization currently for this one? 
Aashim Relan: 
We are at about 80% plus, but we don't share utilization numbers just because we can augment 
it very quickly. So, it is not as relevant in this exhaust system product as it is to other components, 
but we are of course always at a high utilization. But if we need to augment capacity, it can 
happen very easily in emission vertical. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
My concern is basically in case the TREM-V implementation date is April 26, so are we like 
very much having the capacity in place to service? 
Aashim Relan: 
We have the capacity in place. However, we will trigger CAPEX, etc., once our customers 
commit to taking up as well. It is going to be linked to customer, but we have ample capacity 
available, and we can augment at a very short period of time. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
Right. This last two question, if you can, help us with the CAPEX outlook for FY25 and annually 
for the next two fiscal, please? 
Aashim Relan: 
We will consistently have a similar run rate as we had last year and this year. So, from the 
CAPEX perspective, we anticipate on a gross level to be around Rs. 60 crores, Rs. 50-Rs. 60 
crores and might be going a little bit higher this year and early next year because of our new 
plant, but generally we will maintain a very similar run date and of course if there is any 
inorganic opportunity that comes that is additional or any substantial order when that comes in 
the lightweighting vertical which is not to do with control arms. 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Amit Hiranandi: 
And sir, in your opening remarks, you have mentioned something on the M&A, like in which 
areas are we looking for M&A? 
Aashim Relan: 
Powertrain agnostic products, anything that is powertrain agnostic and first focus is things that 
can strengthen our lightweighting vertical. Otherwise, any product that is powertrain agnostic 
and which is recommended by the customer of course to us. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
Like said broadly, if you can give us some outlook on the PV and the small commercial vehicle 
industry for FY26, any color on this? 
Aashim Relan: 
I think the PV industry; the budget was very good and hopefully that now really drives 
consumption and higher demand for PVs. However, given the global environment right now, it 
is hard to really focus the next year. But we are quite optimistic about the industry reviving. And 
I think the festive sales that happened were really good and hopefully next year will be even 
better. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
My next question is on the bookkeeping kind to Puru sir. Basically, sir wanted to understand 
there is jump of 18% in the other expenses line item on a Y-o-Y basis. If you can help us 
understand the same, please? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure, I will take that. So, our other expenses, they include various headers. There are various 
semi-fixed things like high labor charges which are in line with minimum wage and wage 
inflation plus there is power, fuel, etc. And then we have also had some development expenses. 
That is one of the additions that have happened. So, just a mix of all these things I think, nothing 
major on the other expense and it is not all, of course, there are a lot of semi-fixed headers also 
that come into other expenses. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
So, there is no one-off and this will be a sustainable number, right? 
Aashim Relan: 
Difficult to guide. There are some small one-offs. It is difficult to guide because this particular 
header includes fixed, semi-fixed as well as onetime expenses. So, there are some one-offs on 
R&D, new plant and so on, but difficult to guide because of the combination of the expenses 
that come in this side. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
Sir, anything to read on the Q-on-Q basis, there is a small drop in the EBITDA margin side, so 
anything you want to highlight here? 
Aashim Relan: 
In what to what? Sorry. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
On quarter-on-quarter basis in Q2 FY25 to Q3 FY25, EBITDA margin looks little bit lower, are 
you saying sequentially or sequentially Q2 versus Q3? 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Aashim Relan: 
So, generally very difficult to look at sequential in the auto comp industry. There is a lot of 
seasonality, the long value chains and so on, but definitely on this little bit product mix, addition 
of employee cost that has happened, we are adding teams for our global business, lightweighting, 
new plants, margins and so on and plus these other expenses to some degree, but it is very 
difficult generally to look at sequential, but these factors are definitely play into that. 
Amit Hiranandi: 
Right sir, all the very best. Thank you so much. 
Aashim Relan: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, please restrict yourselves to just 2 questions. In case, 
if you have any more questions, you may rejoin the queue. The next question comes from the 
line of Rushabh Shah from Buglerock PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question was, in the suspension business in the PPT, you 
have written that you have a market share of 10%. What definitely have we done in this business 
that we command this type of market share of 10% and how big is this market? 
Aashim Relan: 
Can you please repeat the question? I think your voice is coming very muffled. 
Rushabh Shah: 
In the suspension business, in the PPT, you have written the way we command 10% market 
share. How big is this market and what differences have we done so that we command this 10% 
market share? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. Thanks for your question. One is that we update the market share on an annual basis. So, 
definitely in the next year’s presentation, you will be seeing even a better market share than 
10%. But for the time being, one we have a really good R&D for emissions. We have worked to 
augment it for control arms. And when we utilize the word suspension, I think in the industry it 
is used in various ways. Various other products also called suspension because it is more like a 
category. Most of our revenues are coming from control arms, which is suspension control arms 
as well as the overall suspension and axle assembly. And in these products, the range really 
differs and the content differs from car to car and LCV to LCV. So, currently, the products that 
we offer, the range is quite big, it is between Rs. 2,000-Rs. 8,000 per car per LCV that we have 
and there are various factors on the design of the suspension and so on that lead to that. However, 
we are also working on increasing the content, on how we can offer more content in this. For the 
time being, we are doing 2,000-8,000 and that is roughly what the market size would be. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, just a follow up, what led to gain the market share in so less time? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sorry, your voice. It is as we just want a good order right now also, so it is work in progress and 
that is why we update annually. So, once we update annually, we will have of course, an uptake 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
because this order also is quite good, and this is the second or third order now that we wanted to 
say. 
Rushabh Shah: 
I am asking the reasons, what led to gaining market share in so less time? 
Aashim Relan: 
The reason we set up a new facility, we augmented our R&D and started offering control arms 
only. Then we do have a very good knowledge as well as prior experience in stamping because 
we are backward integrated and specially stamping and welding parts which are sensitive, 
because emissions is of course sensitive to emissions, suspensions are sensitive to safety. It is a 
safety item, so it involves a lot of parts. Lot of these parts, the industry in India as well as globally 
try to shift it to casting, aluminum and so on. However, there are a lot of failures that happened 
previously and there were lot of imports from China and other countries. So, I think OEMs took 
a strategy to go back into sheet metal, but to go into higher tensile steels and also to really work 
with larger players so that they can take care of the safety angle of it as well. And I think us 
being prepared from before and doing some R&D investments from before as well as having 
very good experience in this product, of course, directly we were doing some of it plus indirectly 
also through our backward integration and exhaust system. So, we were well fit for this, so we 
benefited a little bit from that. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My next question is in the. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Rushabh, if you have any further questions, please rejoin the queue. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My second question. 
Moderator: 
I guess you are done with two already. 
Aashim Relan: 
It is fine if you want go ahead, please. 
Rushabh Shah: 
In the PPT, you had mentioned that the total export market size is $48 billion within addressable 
export market size of $2.2 billion for Sharda Motors for this current product range. So, which 
products are we talking about and why the addressable market is so less, and which product can 
be in the highest share of the borrowing? 
Aashim Relan: 
If you can just repeat the number, your voice is coming very muffled. If you can just repeat the 
numbers, I got the gist of that 
Rushabh Shah: 
USD $48 billion in the total export market and the addressable export market is $2.2 billion for 
Sharda Motors for this current product range, so which product are we talking about and why is 
the addressable market is so less for us and which product can get the highest share? 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So, I will just focus first on not going into exact numbers, but the larger picture that we 
want to start with a focused area into exports, of course because we are new to exports, the four 
sub segments where we are focusing on is commercial vehicle, emission components that is 
something where we have now already had a major success. There, we have got the order for 
these components for the largest engine maker in the world for commercial vehicles for their 
emission vertical and that is the first focus area that we have had. We will of course try to 
increase our wallet share with the same customer as well as add more customers in this line and 
here there is also a trend happening that the CV emission norms are shifting in US and Europe. 
So, it is a great time to enter and add content business for us over here. Second is on the adjacency 
or the emission adjacencies of the off-highway market. This is the temperature control tubes 
which we have just developed and we will be starting production first domestically. This is focus 
for us to of course cater to the domestic market. However, for this product, there is a much larger 
market outside of India, especially US and Europe and that is a focus area. Third is on genset 
emission systems, so we already have exports where we do emissions and mufflers for a 
generator, these power generators and there is a big move going on in the power gen market. 
Reason for that is varied from data centers to all these fires we just saw to various outages that 
have been happening in the US. So, we are just trying to utilize our prior experience and cater 
to customer who have much higher market share in some of the growing markets and last is 
emission system for under 100 horsepower tractors. These are 4 focus areas for exports. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Thank you. 
Aashim Relan: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Krish Agarwal from Taurus Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Krish Agarwal: 
Sir, as I mentioned, the Company holds over Rs. 800 crore in cash and cash equivalents, so what 
is the capital deployment strategy you have in your mind for this amount? Like, are you looking 
for an M&A or some upcoming CAPEX plans or some special dividends going forward? 
Aashim Relan: 
So, our first preference is to utilize this for augmenting our lightweighting vertical through M&A 
and through of course organic investments as well, second to do M&A in the powertrain agnostic 
products where we can have a JV, TA or acquire a Company to add content to cars, trucks, 
tractors and so on. So, that is the first preference. However, for this there is no fixed timeline. 
Because of the cost when it comes to acquisitions, we want to be very careful with deals 
valuations and we won't do anything that is not of the correct value for the shareholders plus 
JVs, TAs there is always talks ongoing with multiple companies. So, it really depends when they 
materialized. In the meantime, we last year of course really accelerated the returns back to the 
shareholders. We had initiated a buyback and that was a very large size buyback. It was about 
Rs. 230 crores gross and we will continue to return back in other forms. We have established 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
dividend policy. The dividend policy right now is roughly 10%-30% of that and so that is really 
a plan going forward. 
Krish Agarwal: 
Yes, sure, sir. Another question, how does the Company plan to mitigate the high customer and 
product concentration risk? Like there are any strategic initiatives to diversify the product 
portfolio or expand the customer base in the medium term? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. So, I will first take maybe a customer. We have added multiple new customers. It would be 
a very large number of customers in various segments in the last two years and of course, when 
you add a customer, the beginning is always small, right. However, once the relationship 
strengthens and mutual trust is developed, the growth is exponential. So, I think we are very 
good with the number of customers that we have now as a Company and that will grow overtime 
and of course, the good part is that the current customers also grow. So, that is a good problem 
to have and I am sure that all so many new customer additions that we have had overtime that 
will grow and take care of itself. Now, coming to product concentration, so of course, right now 
most revenues come from emissions. So, our focus is to first get into the adjacencies. The 
adjacencies is which I just mentioned within emissions and to cater more to the power 
generation, commercial vehicle, tractor and off-highway industry. And outside of emissions and 
outside of adjacencies, we are investing into the lightweighting vertical, which is right now the 
control arm business where there is a lot of work going on. And I think that work is now also 
showing results and that lightweighting vertical of course add control arms and assembly 
business, but overtime, there are a few more products that can be introduced into the similar 
theme and that will have a much higher percentage of revenues in the future than we see now. 
And third, we will of course, as I mentioned, we will use the M&A route, JVs, TAs acquisitions 
to add more content other than this and more products which overtime also reduce the product 
concentration. 
Krish Agarwal: 
Alright, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankur Poddar from Svan Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankur Poddar: 
Hello. Am I audible, sir? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead, Ankur. 
Ankur Poddar: 
Thank you for taking my question, sir. I have two questions. I will start with the margin. Gross 
margins, we have seen, it has stabilized to around 26% odd last 3-4 quarters. So, from here, do 
we expect this is the stable run rate of gross margin, it is going to remain at these levels? Or with 
the introduction of new emission norms in the construction equipment segment post 2025, will 
there be some increase in the gross margin as what we have seen in the RDE emission norms 
which have improved our gross margin levels 6-7 quarters back. Will we see some kind of 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
improvement in gross margin with the construction equipment emission norms as well? Can you 
throw some light on that? 
Aashim Relan: 
Thanks for the question. So, I will just first go back to the improvement that we saw is also from 
our strategy change from buying the catalyst or buying the catalyst on behalf of the customer 
directed by free of cost model. So, it got reduced from our topline and bottom-line accordingly 
and that of course mathematically as a percentage also improve the gross margin. So, gross 
margins as such would not be the best way to look at and it is very difficult to guide because 
some still non-catalyst and the catalyst business mix is there, so product mix can always change 
that. Now coming to your question on the CEV norms that are coming in, so as step one, we are 
getting into the adjacency product which is the high temperature control pipes and those pipes 
anyways don't have that so they are going to be as per normal only and there is no base effect 
there as well, right. Because as on date they don’t serve to this or very little we serve to 
construction equipment, so whatever little revenues will come from this adjacency will come 
fresh. So, there won't be any impact like that. 
Ankur Poddar: 
Because you always guided that gross margin is an important parameter to look the improvement 
in the efficiency level for us because as we migrated into new norms, the bottom component will 
be lower. Since you don't share? 
Aashim Relan: 
I will just clarify here that it is gross profit growth right, that is what we have been sharing gross 
profit growth. So, it does go in tandem with margins also. It is kind of the same, but what we 
had guided is on gross profit growth that would be the best way to look at it rather than that 
percentage margin. So, if you see all the commentary also it is on gross profit growth and since 
we have been sharing that and then you look back also, it matches very well gross profit growth. 
Ankur Poddar: 
Any inputs on the follow-up orders of the last quarter we got initial products from the US, I think 
was 7 million order and you shared that we are pitching for follow-on orders in this market. So, 
any input on that and what strategies we are developing to scale up this export business because 
we have been trying to scale this business for some time now. So, can you throw some light on 
that as well? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So, definitely that export business takes time; however, let us say the time, what we have 
been doing for a while, that has shown good results, right. I think this order win which we have 
had is very significant, I would call it because it has given us CV emission components for new 
emission norms, for the largest customer in the world, right, so I would say that is quite 
significant. And of course, we do have a very good RFQ pipeline also. Now, what are we doing 
about it, number one, we maybe now it has been more than one year that we added a completely 
new vertical for exports with a separate team who has now built a team under him, including 
people who are working on the US and the European market, plus we want to of course utilize 
this order to build trust with this customer as well as to build trust with other potential customers. 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
This is regarding the CV emission segment. The rest of the works on the other fronts are also on 
and as we have significant business wins that we will keep updating on that. 
Ankur Poddar: 
Just one suggestion from my side, since now the lightweighting vertical is scaling up, so in your 
reporting structure it will be really great if you can provide segmental information of 
lightweighting and emission products, so that will be really helpful for us to analyze. 
Aashim Relan: 
We will look into that and we will see the possibility of separating. 
Ankur Poddar: 
Thank you. Thank you and all the best. 
Aashim Relan: 
Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aaryan Dadhich from Taurus Mutual 
Funds. Please go ahead. 
Aaryan Dadhich: 
Yes. Sir, my first question is, what is our current capacity in for powertrain agnostic products? 
If you can give a percentage of that in our revenue and who are our main customers for 
powertrain agnostics mainly as in the ICE vehicles or EV vehicles? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So, we don't give capacity numbers as such and I would say that they are different also. 
And powertrain agnostic might be a very, let us say, large bucket, right to be talking about just 
in terms of capacity. So, we can focus on the control arm side or the suspension assembly side. 
And there is new plant coming up. It has  now come. It is just going to start with roughly 300,000 
capacity and we do have additional capacity in other plants also. We are even catering to this 
segment a little bit from the South as well. Now coming to the customer profile, so we have 3 
customers, one is newly developed in this segment and as you see from the market that mostly 
all customers have all kinds of vehicle and powertrain offerings. So, this product is cross used 
between ICE, CV, CNG, hybrid and so on. So, that is what it is agnostic to, so it is cross used. 
So, even our products are going into all different power grids because they are agnostic these 
products. 
Aaryan Dadhich: 
Got it, sir. Sir, one last question. Given our Company's limited bargain power in the OEM supply 
chain because we are dealing with players like Mahindra and Hyundai. So, how do we expect to 
enhance our cost efficiencies because the raw material prices are fluctuating a lot considering 
steel prices and other metal prices, how can we improve our price pass through mechanism to 
maintain our EBITDA margins or maybe improve them? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure, one didn't name any customers as part of these calls, so, but in general, I will take a general 
question, if you can just reframe the question, how can we improve our EBITDA? I didn't 
understand. If you can just reframe the question a little bit. 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Aaryan Dadhich: 
Sir, my question is because the raw material price is fluctuating a lot, how can we enhance our 
cost efficiencies and how can we be safe and resistant from that price fluctuations from EBITDA 
margin table? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. With all our customers, we have a mechanism called indexing, right? So, it is index based 
on fluctuation. So, sometimes raw material goes down, sometimes it goes up right and it is 
volatile. It has always been. So, for some time now we have with all customers, agreement, so 
sometimes when raw material prices even go down, we have to pass through to the customers 
and we are back-to-back with the entire supply chain largely. So, that is the mechanism we use, 
which is called indexing. So, from this there is no improvement that happens just pass through, 
right, so it is just neutralizes, it is pass through. 
Aaryan Dadhich: 
We don't use any hedging instruments, right? 
Aashim Relan: 
No, we don't use any hedging. Per se, there may be some small here and there that we use, but 
nothing. 
Aaryan Dadhich: 
Sure. Thank you. Thank you for your time. 
Aashim Relan: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sanket Kelaskar from Ashika Stock 
Broking Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sanket Kelaskar: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, what is the revenue potential from the existing CV norms 
as in what is the market size and what is the revenue potential from the largest customer for this 
segment particularly? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. Thank you for your question. So, I will segment this answer into three. One is the revenue 
potential from high temperature sensitive pipes, which we are starting with domestically, right. 
So, with this customer, we have now a good amount developed plus we are hopeful that the 
balance industry also overtime that we will be able to develop this business domestically quite 
good. However, the volumes domestically for construction equipment are not that much vis-a-
vis other segments like PV, CV and so on. So, overall, the size is modest, but the next part to it 
that most of these customers are going to localize even there after treatment or emission systems, 
once these norms come in, they are waiting maybe for a year to pass by before they actually 
localize it given that they already have similar systems available somewhere in the world and 
they are importing mostly, in most cases, they are importing them so that localization theme that 
will happen here that will expand quite a lot this segment or the addressable part of it 
domestically. So, that is the second part that when they localize the emissions, we want to 
participate in that and developing these customer relationships help us in that and that is 
something which would probably happen with the lag from the emission norms as they first want 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
to stabilize by importing mostly. Then third, all these customers and the ones we have developed, 
the ones we are working with have a very large wallet for similar products globally, because 
globally the construction equipment market is very large and as well as it has a good amount of 
content for our products also. So, we want to harness these relationships that we are developing 
and really go for that export opportunity. So, this is in three areas where there is opportunity. 
Sanket Kelaskar: 
Thank you, sir. My second question is what is the value of business in which you have received 
from the control arm segment? 
Aashim Relan: 
For the one which we just announced right now, the new one? 
Sanket Kelaskar: 
Yes, sir. 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure, the lifetime value is $22 million and the annual is $4 million. 
Sanket Kelaskar: 
And this is just with respect to export or domestic as well? 
Aashim Relan: 
The control arm is domestic. The control arm business is a domestic business which we won 
which we announced as part of this call today and export is commercial vehicle emission 
component that is a separate business. 
Sanket Kelaskar: 
Thank you, sir. That is all from me. 
Aashim Relan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Mihir Vora: 
Thank you for taking my question. So, sir, my question was on the suspension and lightweighting 
segment, which right now would be roughly around 7%-8% of our revenues. So, going ahead, 
what is the aim here like, do you have any internal targets here to reach? Because the way we 
are seeing the order book building up and you winning new orders, so what is there in the store 
for next 2-3 years in the suspension and lightweighting segment? 
Aashim Relan: 
Thanks for the question. Yes. So, we have a new plant coming up. Of course, there is a slight 
echo from the moderator side. 
Moderator: 
Yes, actually, there was an echo, sir. I have taken care of it. 
Aashim Relan: 
Thank you. So, thanks for the question. So, there is a good amount of traction in this segment. 
The control arm business, we are gaining market share and now we have won another good order 
here, so first focus is of course to strengthen the control arm and axle assembly business. This 
we have done organically. At the same time, we are also looking for partnerships, partnerships 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
in the form of JVs or TAs where we can further strengthen the control arm and axle assembly 
business, but more importantly that we can add content and offer more content because right 
now the content changes only 2000 to 8000 and this entire segment has lot of opportunity to add 
content and there are lot of changes going on globally as well as domestically which makes this 
more technology enabled segment rather than the traditional stamping segment that it was. So, 
we are focused on that, and we are quite hopeful for this to be a significant contributor for us 
moving forward. However, giving a firm percentage number, I think is too early and there are a 
lot of other moving parts as well, but this is a focus area which we will be working on organically 
and inorganically as well. 
Mihir Vora: 
Just a follow up on that part. So, we have a 1.8 lakh unit capacity annually for the suspension 
part, but with the Pune plant coming in, so would that be a substantial addition to our capacities 
or how can we look at it? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes, that is going to be substantial. That plant alone will have about slightly less than 300,000 
capacity. 
Mihir Vora: 
That is all from my side. I will be back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Agastia Dave from CAO Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Agastia Dave: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir, a lot of the questions that I wanted to ask you 
have been asked by my fellow participants. Thank you very much for answering those. Sir, again, 
there was a question on the gross margins and how the previous changes in emission norms 
contributed to higher gross margins. So, can you provide some understanding of the scale of the 
opportunity again in terms of, let us say absolute EBITDA or absolute gross profile, once TREM-
V is fully operational and all the opportunities related to CV are also something that we are 
actually like addressing that entire market, so the timelines I understand are uncertain, but again 
the magnitude of the opportunity, sir can we double the size of the Company based on these 
opportunities plus the lightweighting plus export opportunities, is that possible, sir? Are these 
opportunities big enough? 
Aashim Relan: 
So, without going into specifics, because there are long list of various markets that we are 
addressing, but if you look at it from the perspective that currently the Company revenues are of 
course as on date coming largely from emissions. That is entirely from exports, tractors, 
construction equipment. I think all of that put together we had shared this has been 5% of our 
revenues as on date. So, there is a huge opportunity, now different segments, different numbers, 
but if we were just to list out our focus area to begin with, the largest opportunity is exports and 
within exports also, the four subsegments of CV mission components, then emission adjacencies, 
then the genset emission system market as well as the under 100 horsepower tractor market. So, 
put all of this together, it is a very large addressable market and of course  much larger than the 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Indian market per se because it is US and Europe. Then, our lightweighting vertical where we 
have just started off and we are already seeing very good kind of traction. So, there just 
contributes to 8% of our sales, right and with additions that will definitely contribute a higher 
percentage. In addition to that, the CEV norms, the TREM-V norms as well as the export tractor 
market, all of that will significantly increase it and all of that is on top of the possibility of us 
adding content to our existing customers and new customers via M&A. So, overall, yes, we are 
quite hopeful to be growing significantly and to be outperforming the overall market. 
Agastia Dave: 
Sir, have you discussed publicly, the timelines associated with the M&A opportunity because 
we have been discussing it for about an a year now. But when do you see, realistically, the M&A 
opportunities fructify? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. Number one, when we look at M&A, there are three parts to it, of course JV, TA and then 
acquisitions. So, on acquisition front, we are going to be very careful and that really depends, 
the deal has no fixed timeline for that. We won't just do an acquisition for the sake of doing it, 
right. And we at any given time are exploring various opportunities. We have a separate team in 
fact, now that we have created only to look at M&A. So, there are a couple of people who just 
look at M&A opportunities. When it comes to JVs, TAs there are various talks that are always 
ongoing and as something material comes up, we will keep updating. However, there is no fixed 
timeline per se to any of this, because this is also really dependent on various other factors. 
Agastia Dave: 
Understood. The final question, again going back to the exports and including all the four 
segments that you mentioned I want to understand the nature of the traction that you are seeing 
with your clients? Are we going to see a slow and steady, by steady, I mean let us say exports 
going at let us say 25%-30% CAGR or will there be a very quantum jump in your exports once 
an inflection point is fixed, how do you expect the growth to pan out? I am not talking about the 
numbers here, so just the characteristic of the growth. Suddenly we see a huge jump or will there 
be like a slow and steady increase, a fast and steady increase? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So, one, it is of course difficult to forecast CAGR per se can be very high because the base 
is so low. Export base is so low right now, so CAGR is very high, in somewhere if you look at 
just the order, we want the CAGR number that you shared with already we met by that right. 
However, it is very difficult to time what we have learned in the export market so far that getting 
the first order and really getting the trust going takes longer, but once it is done then it opens up 
a wallet that is 10x or 20x bigger, right, and that is what we have seen so far. I think we have 
made one significant move already and one significant win. So, that should open up lot of more 
opportunities and we are in similar stages in the other segments also that we spoke and some 
customers which are very large export customers are heavily focused on also producing out of 
India because of the geopolitical situation that is happening. So, we are actively also working to 
develop those customers, even if they are small in India, so that we can access the wallet share 
that they have globally, so difficult to guide per se as the timeline. However, we have seen 
progression generally to be at this point. 

 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
February 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Agastia Dave: 
Understood, sir. Sir, thank you very much. And again, excellent performance, operationally you 
guys always deliver irrespective of the macro environment. Sir thank you very much, all the 
best. 
Aashim Relan: 
Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we would take that as the last 
question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Puru Aggarwal for the closing 
comments. 
Puru Aggarwal: 
We appreciate your participation in our earnings call today. We trust that we have addressed all 
your queries. Should you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to our Investor 
Relations Advisors, Strategic Growth Advisors. Thank you and have a pleasant evening and 
happy prosperous New Year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Sharda Motor Industries Limited, that concludes 
this conference, you may now disconnect your lines. 
