FC/SE/2024-25/84 
February 14, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: FIRSTCRY 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 544226 
Sub: Transcript of the Audio-video recording of Earnings Call of Brainbees Solutions Limited ('the 
Company')| Q3 & 9M FY25 results 
Ref : Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing Regulations”) 
and our earlier intimation dated February 08, 2025 bearing reference no. FC/SE/2024-25/80 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
In terms of Regulation 30 and Regulation 46 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, 
please see enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call with the Analysts/Investors held on 
Saturday, February 08, 2025, post announcement of Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024. 
 The audio-video recording of the Earnings Call along with the Transcript has been uploaded on the 
Company’s website and the same can be accessed from the link provided below: 
https://www.firstcry.com/investor-relations/analyst-earning-calls  
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Brainbees Solutions Limited 
Neelam Jethani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A35831 
Encl: As above 
Brainbees Solutions Limited                                                                          CIN: L51100PN2010PLC136340 
Corporate/Registered Office:- Rajashree Business Park, Plot No. 114, Survey No. 338, Tadiwala Road, Nr. 
Sohrab Hall, Pune – 411001 Contact: +91-8482989157 Email Id:legal@firstcry.com  Website: www.firstcry.com 
NEELAM 
SITALDAS 
JETHANI
Digitally signed by 
NEELAM SITALDAS 
JETHANI 
Date: 2025.02.14 15:11:03 
+05'30'

1 
“Brainbees Solutions Limited (FirstCry) - Earnings Call 
Q3 and 9M FY25 Results” 
February 08, 2025, 6.00 p.m. IST 
Management: 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Managing Director & CEO 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Investor Relations 

 
 
 
2 
 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Brainbees Solutions 
Limited Q3 and 9M FY25 earnings call. This is Anish Arora, and 
I have with me, Mr. Supam Maheshwari, Managing Director 
and CEO of the Company, and Mr. Gautam Sharma, Group 
Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Kindly note that this call is meant for analysts and investors of 
the Company. We wish to highlight that the call is being 
recorded and by participating in this event, you consent to 
such recording, distribution and publication. All participants 
have been muted as per the default mode and participants 
will be unmuted once we open the Q&A forum for the 
members to ask questions after the presentation from the 
management concludes. 
 
We will be covering the presentation in the beginning of the 
call and we will there after open for the Q&A forum. We 
would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and the 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the investor 
presentation shared with you.  
 
Also, there was some delay in uploading the presentation 
from our side due to some technical reasons. Apologies for 
the same. 
 
With this, I request Mr. Supam Maheshwari to take it over. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome again to our Q3 
performance review and earnings call. Appreciate your time 
on the Saturday. So we'll take you quickly through some of the 
numbers and the qualitative journey of our OND quarter. We 
will now move to our first slide.  
 
We are very delighted to highlight that this has been our best 
quarter in terms of profitability in the last four years. We are 

 
 
 
3 
 
happy to report a consolidated profit before tax of INR 69 
million in Q3 and INR 941 million consolidated cash profit 
after tax. And best ever India multi-channel adjusted EBITDA, 
adjusted for ESOP cost, at 11.2%. And consolidated adjusted 
EBITDA as well of 6.4%. These are all all-time high numbers, 
the best ever quarter in the last four years for all of us. Overall 
adjusted EBITDA for the consolidated business has increased 
by 54% on the nine-month basis compared to the nine months 
for the FY24. We will continue to work hard and we remain 
very optimistic for our journey forward to continue to 
improve both our top line as well as bottom line.  
 
Before we dive into our Q3 performance, I would like to take 
you through our nine months snapshot as well. So this is a 
slide which talks about our nine-month snapshot. Continued 
growth momentum with improvements in profitability across 
our business segments. This is a consol. performance. Annual 
unique transacting customers in India and Middle East, 17% 
increase for the period ending Dec’24 vis-a-vis period ending 
Dec’23, annual unique transacting customers. Likewise, our 
GMV grew for nine months over last nine months by 17% and 
the net revenue from operations increased by 19% to INR 
5,729 Cr. And consolidated adjusted EBITDA grew by 54% for 
nine months ending Dec’24 vs nine months ending Dec’23 to 
INR 293 Cr and India multi-channel as well grew by 26% for 
the same nine month period resulting into overall cash profit 
after tax of 47% increase for the similar nine months to INR 
139.7 Cr. This is a nine month performance and now we'll take 
you through our journey for the Q3 performance. And then 
we'll go into the segment wise approach as well.  
 
On our overall growth in the Q3 and OND, we’ll give you a 
little more color and summary, business segment wise. But at 
a broad level, we had seen advancement of seasonal spends 
both in India multi-channel as well as in Globalbees segments. 
Annual Unique Transaction Customers continue to be robust 
at 17% increase. If you look at our prior period for FY24, Q1, 

 
 
 
4 
 
Q2 and Q3, it has been continuously increasing from 12%, 
which became 14% in Q1, then 16% in Q2 and now it has 
become 17%. GMV increase in Q3 is 13%. Net revenue from 
operations has increased by 14% in Q3 over last year Q3’24. 
And consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased by 30% in Q3 
over Q3 to INR 138.5 Cr. And at India multi-channel level, we 
grew by 20% resulting roughly around INR 169 Cr and a cash 
profit of close to INR 94.1 Cr, which is a 25% increase from a 
Q3 to Q3 window.  
 
Now we'll take you through a little bit more deeper dive into 
our segmental performance. First of all, the key updates. On 
India multi-channel, the growth in Q3 was moderated 
primarily because of advancement of festivals. Dussehra and 
Durga Puja which was in early Oct’24, while in the prior period 
it was in late October in CY23 and which essentially meant 
that we had some advancement in Q2 of this year. And you 
should see our business in a Q2 and Q3 way or a nine month 
way. That will give you a true reflection. We also witnessed a 
delayed winter which resulted in moderation of some winter 
sales for us. We also, for the first time in our history, we have 
done some cleanup of a few COCO stores that we have closed 
and this is the first time since we have started expanding into 
our COCO stores and we'll give you a lot more color as we sort 
of go along. But these are the key updates that really 
happened from India multi-channel, which is our core 
business, which resulted into a little bit of a moderation of 
growth in the Q3.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
In terms of growth in annual unique transacting customers, as 
Supam mentioned, it's continuously improving from 12% in 
FY24, improved to 14%, then 16% and for nine months, the 
growth is 17%. Orders and GMV in Q3, there is a slight, a lesser 
growth because of reasons Supam just explained which are - 
Advancement of festivals, moderation of winter wear and 
closure of few COCO stores. However, if you see the growth 
for the nine months, in terms of orders, it has grown by 17% 

 
 
 
5 
 
year on year and on the GMV, it has grown by again 17% on a 
year-on-year basis. Similarly, net revenue, a similar impact in 
the net revenue in Q3. For the three reasons mentioned 
earlier. But revenue for the nine months, it is 17% year on 
year. We continue to improve our adjusted EBITDA from 
10.7% in Q3 FY24, we have improved this by 50 bps to 11.2%, 
which is an increase of 20% year on year for Q3. Similarly, 
talking about the nine months adjusted EBITDA performance, 
we have increased this to 9.5%, from 8.8% in nine months last 
year which is an absolute increase of 26% YoY.  
 
This is a snapshot of our journey of EBITDA margins which you 
can see a clear improvement in the EBITDA margins. 6.2% in 
FY23, improving to 8.8% in FY24 and further to 9.5% for the 
nine months in FY25.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So now we will move to the International business. 
International business, there were some key updates there. In 
Q3, OND specific period, November typically is our biggest 
month, typically for the year as well as the industry, industry 
has two sales which is Singles Day and Black Friday. And in 
that, there were two new Horizontal entrants into the market 
which has recently entered into the Middle Eastern market 
and they had some elevated promotional activities by these 
two horizontal e-commerce players. We consciously stayed 
away from these elevated promotional activities, as we 
wanted to continue to focus on our achieving sustainable 
growth by improving our margins through our moats that we 
have built and we continue to build as we have done in India. 
So for the shorter duration, it has definitely impacted some of 
our growth, especially in the key month of November, which 
witnesses two big events in the region. So that's what we 
wanted to highlight for the key update for the Middle East. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So again, in this business, which is KSA and UAE, the Annual 
Unique Transacting Customers continue to grow at a 17% 
growth, end of Dec’24 over end of Dec’23. Orders in Q3, as 

 
 
 
6 
 
Supam mentioned because of the promotional activities done 
by the two new entrants, it has slightly impacted the growth 
in orders and the GMV. The growth in orders in Q3 is 9%. 
Similarly, the GMV growth for the Q3 is 11%. Nine months, if 
you see, the growth in orders is 8% while the GMV growth is 
15%. Again, I would like to mention here that, there is also 
impact of Q1 here. In the International business. As 
mentioned in the earlier calls, the Q1 also got impacted 
because of the advancement of festivals and the floods in 
UAE. This is the revenue growth, 13% revenue growth in Q3 
and 15% revenue growth for the nine months on a year on a 
year basis. Adjusted EBITDA, we continue to focus on, while 
the growth is lesser in Q3, we continue to focus on improving 
our EBITDA performance. You can see a clear improvement 
year on year and quarter on quarter. From 16% negative 
EBITDA in Q3’FY24, end of December, we have improved this 
to minus 15%. And if we talk about the nine months 
performance, it is down from (20%) in nine months FY24 to 
(17%) in nine months FY25. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
On the Globalbees front, the key highlight for this is, as you 
will remember, this business is generated a lot on the 
marketplace platforms. And where again the impact of the 
advancement of, marketplace sales promotion, that happens 
on an annual basis during around the festivities and which was 
impacted in Q2. In Q2, if you remember, we had a growth 
around close to 55%. And because of the advancement of 
those promotional festivities, or by the platforms and in the 
Q3, we were expected to be moderating on that. And if you 
look at, on a nine month window, it is 29% growth.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Yeah. Similarly, a continuous improvement in EBITDA 
performance for Globalbees. From 0.6% in Q3 FY24, we have 
improved this to 1.4% in Q3 FY25. A jump of 2.6x. For the nine 
months performance, we have improved this to 1.6% in nine 
months FY25, compared to 0.4% in nine months FY24. Again, 
a jump of 5.9x. So this is continuously improving. 

 
 
 
7 
 
 
Before we talk about the consol. financial performance, there 
is a fourth business segment which largely consists of our 
franchisee preschool business. So, you know, as of today, we 
have close to 350 franchisee pre-schools, with more than 16 
thousand students. We started this journey two years back 
only, two and a half years back. In terms of their performance, 
the growth in nine months is around 35% on a year-on-year 
basis. And the growth for Q3 is around 33%. EBITDA for the 
nine months is around 23% EBITDA, for Q3 is around 22%. 
Nine months EBITDA is a 71% year on year increase compared 
to a nine month in FY24.  
 
On the consol. performance, the revenue growth is 19% for 
the nine months. And the revenue growth for Q3 for the 
reasons mentioned earlier for Globalbees, International and 
India multi-channel business, the growth in Q3 is 14%. You can 
see a continuous improvement in the Gross Margins. From 
34.5% in Q3 FY24, we have improved this to 37% in Q3 FY25. 
Similarly, for the nine months, the gross margins has 
improved to 37.3% compared to 35.4% in nine months FY24. 
This is also reflected in our consol. EBITDA performance. 5.6% 
improving to 6.4% in Q3 FY25, which is a jump of 30% year on 
year. And the 4% consol. EBITDA in nine months FY24 has 
increased to 5.1% for the nine months FY25, which is an 
increase of 54% year on year. This is again, the EBITDA journey 
on a consol. basis, a significant improvement in the EBITDA, 
as a result of the improvement in the EBITDA in all the four 
business segments. India multi-channel business continuously 
improving, Globalbees business becoming profitable. Then, 
Education business, profit continuously improving and the 
International business, the losses continuously going down. 
So as a result, 1.5% adjusted EBITDA in FY23, has now reached 
to 5.1% for the nine months FY25. 
 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Supam and Gautam. We can open the Q&A forum 
now. I request participants to raise hands for asking 

 
 
 
8 
 
questions. We will unmute you and you will have access to the 
mic. Please introduce yourself and name of the organization 
you represent. The participants are also requested to limit 
their questions to maximum two. For a follow-up question, 
you may join the queue again.  
 
First question is from Mr. Sachin Dixit. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Hi, Supam and Gautam and thanks for this opportunity. 
Congrats on turning PBT positive. My first question is with 
regards to gross margins, obviously on a consol. level, we are 
seeing a decent jump. Can you provide some color on gross 
margins on India multi-channel business and the parts of it? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So Sachin, gross margin in all the four business segments 
continue to improve. India multi-channel business is our core 
business, which is 70% of the total revenue. So the gross 
margin in the core business has to improve to improve the 
overall gross margin in the consol. business. So it's improving 
you know in all the business segments 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
And the reasons remain the same, Sachin which is 
improvement in our home brand sort of a share, 
improvement in COGS reduction in our home brand, 
negotiation with third party brands, and improvement in our 
category mix, and the share of the COCO sales as well. And 
this is just for the India multi-channel and likewise the same 
story and same playbook is being reflected in the Middle East 
as well from a gross margin expansion window. And as we 
have mentioned in past, Globalbees is also a young company. 
So there is also a gross margin expansion there as well. While 
our education business is in any way, doesn't have much, it's 
a very small revenue so not worth talking about it from that 
perspective. But all our businesses have been expanding our 
gross margins. And as Gautam said, largely impact of our core 
India multi-channel business. And we have not reached 

 
 
 
9 
 
steady state, as we have been saying in the past, we will 
continue to improve our gross margins even going forward. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Got it. Got it. Fair enough. Coming to Middle East or 
International business, right? Obviously, Q1 we saw floods 
which were unfortunate, Q3 we see some horizontals 
becoming aggressive. And it continues to, I mean, more or less 
being a laggard, compared to the overall sort of thesis how we 
should have envisioned playing it out. 
  
Do you still feel that this is a battle worth fighting for? Do you 
have a right to win considering the impact that we are seeing 
so far? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure, Sachin. A fair question. Look, this is the same story that 
we have played out in India where we had sort of multiple 
horizontals. Just the two new recent entrants that have come, 
horizontal ones, not a focused baby and kids sort of a player. 
It's very hard for a horizontal to play a mother's baby and kids 
sort of a vertical play with all kinds of moats that one has to 
build. So it is, the competitive intensity has definitely 
increased. So we will continue to play our game even more in 
a fine-tuned way, but this is a very long journey, and we will 
continue to improve, play out with our moats. And we'll 
continue to improve our sort of bottom line performance as 
we go along. But we can't just take a view just because of one 
or two quarter’s performance. Because we have exactly 
played out that in India and we feel very confident of playing 
out that in the entire region over a slightly longer journey. So 
we remain confident about it. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Got it. Just quick follow up on this one, if I can squeeze that 
in. Have you proactively launched your home brands in 
Middle East region or they are still in a nascent stage?  
 
That's the last question. Thanks. 
 

 
 
 
10 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari  
And so we definitely have our, I mean the home brands that 
we have in India and we have launched special home brands 
for the Middle East market as well. So there'll be a mix of both 
that we have launched in the Middle East and that story will 
pan out over a period of time as consumer, young parents, 
adapt and use those brands and as the network effect or the 
word of mouth, goes around and more and more usage of 
those brands across categories and subcategories and 
product types, they continue to buy more and more. So this is 
exactly how that story played out in India. It is what will play 
out in the Middle East as well. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Got it. Thanks so much and all the best. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Thank you 
Mr. Anish Arora 
 
Thank you, Sachin. Next question is from Percy. 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Yeah. Am I audible? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Yes 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Yeah, so sir, on the India margins, although there is an 
expansion there, I think our ambition was to expand about 
150 basis points plus, per year, for the next few years. We are 
tracking below that level. So what is the reason that we are 
tracking below that and also what would be required or why 
do you think that we will come back to that level and by 
when? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure. Percy, I think if you look at it, the reasons that we have 
talked about in Q3, we believe that we could have grown little 
higher than what we grew in Q3. And if you would have got 
because of the winter sale, we had a delayed winter in the 
country. And, that would have actually led to a slightly, I 
would say a higher proportion of even fashion as a category 
for us and winter sale, which would have meant more growth 

 
 
 
11 
 
and given us more operating leverage, and more bang for our 
buck for our marketing spend. And also we had a few COCO 
stores that we cleaned up. And because of some of these 
reasons, we believe that we have left out some expansion that 
we could have had, being able to pocket which is not 
reflective in our numbers. And hoping that in the subsequent 
quarters and in the coming quarters, we'll be able to recoup 
that but in a long journey of next four to five years you will 
continue to see our margin expansion because our levers for 
margin expansion pretty much remain the same. If you look 
at our AUTC growth, it is the highest ever. We were at 12% for 
the FY24, it became 14% for Q1, 16% for Q2, and now 17% for 
Q3. Had we not had this winter sort of an impact, maybe we 
would have had a higher sort of a cohort leading to more 
higher sales, and more growth, given us, more operating 
leverage, more bang for our marketing cost and therefore you 
would have seen a little higher impact on the bottom line as 
well. So that's what I would summarize more of, I would say a 
short-term impact. But we still have grown 70 bps, on a nine-
month basis. And we will continue to improve our gross 
margin, marketing efficiency, operating leverage, resulting 
into our core India multi-channel adjusted EBITDA over a long 
period of time. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
So Supam, would you say that over a three-year period, 500 
basis points EBITDA margin expansion in India is a reasonable 
sort of number for us to go with? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
While I'll not be able to specifically point out any specific 
number that you know would there be a 500 bps or x number 
of bps. But you should continue to see us performing every 
quarter on quarter, on a year-on-year basis, here when we 
meet every quarter and you should be able to see that 
performance improvement. Because we feel comfortable that 
we have not reached to a steady state, adjusted EBITDA. 
 

 
 
 
12 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Got it. Got it. My second question is on the International 
business. With the increase in competition, do you think it 
needs us to revise our assumptions of what the medium term 
growth rate can be and how long we take to break even in this 
business? Or this is just something pertaining to one quarter 
and it doesn't require a revision in our sort of three year 
forecast of either top line or profitability. 
  
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Percy, it's a difficult question because we don't know that 
heightened sort of competitive activity will mean how long 
they will operate at that level. In India, over a prolonged 
period of time, we have seen everything becomes sober 
beyond a point in time. Everyone becomes capital efficient, 
everyone ties to become saner on that front. This was 
definitely recent two new entrants, which of course, splurged 
and created a lot of promotional activity. How long it will 
continue, we'll have to see it as you go along. But we believe 
that the moats that we have created being a niche mother's 
baby and kids vertical player, that will continue to deliver 
superior value to young parents like it does in India to the 
middle eastern market as well. So while it is very difficult for 
us to forecast in terms of exact impact of this competitive 
intensity, but we believe that our moats will play out in the 
longer run. So very difficult to really give you a very specific 
answer of time frame but we feel very confident about our 
moats and how will we play out as we go along.  
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
So these new players, are they sort of just adding the childcare 
category to an existing product portfolio that they have or 
they are completely new sort of players in all respects?  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Completely new. Completely new in all respect. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki  
 
I see, I see. 

 
 
 
13 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
And Percy, we believe in consistent growth, so we will 
continue to grow consistently and keep on improving our 
margins.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
For us, the bottom line is more important, Percy. We want to 
be ensuring our bottom line performance improvement is not 
being compromised. While we will have an eye on the top line 
in terms of how we have to manage to bring a balance 
between the two. But you should continue to see our 
improvement. 
 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
And last question from my side, what is the number of stores 
that we have closed and what are the net store openings, 
both on a nine month basis if you can give that? 
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
We had close to 508 store as of Dec’24 in terms of COCO. Out 
of which we have closed 38 stores. This is the first time that 
we have done this cleanup because we have never ever closed 
even a single store prior to this. We believe that, and the 
reason for closing these as well, we see the metric at an omni-
channel way where two things are important for us. One is a 
footfall. And second is the wallet share of the customer in that 
catchment. We have a certain expectation at a multi-channel 
level, the wallet share of the customer as well as the footfall 
we had reasons and data to believe that in those 38 stores, 
we were not to the level that we would have wished. We are 
not exiting any particular city or location per se. But we had 
to close down to be able to optimize our location or our size 
and so on and so forth to be able to optimize the performance 
of those at a multi-channel way. So that, it solves our 
objective, obviously it will indirectly help to improve our 
profitability as well. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Got it. So 38 stores have closed down and have there been 
any additions in the nine months of the year? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Of course. 

 
 
 
14 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
So Percy, we have on a net basis, we have added around 73 
COCO stores in last nine months, which effectively means 
roughly around 115 stores have been added in last nine 
months, on a gross basis. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Got it. Got it. That's all from me. Thanks, Gautam and Supam 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure, thank you. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Percy. Next question is from Videesha. Videesha, 
please unmute yourself. 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
 
Hi, Good Evening. Thank you for the opportunity.  
 
Just two small questions from my side. One is on the growth 
of home brands. If you could just elaborate on that. How is 
that been versus the overall India business growth of 17%? 
Even any indicative sense whether it's materially high or just 
marginally? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Videesha, can you introduce yourself? Sorry we couldn't seem 
to recall.  
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
Yes, I'm so sorry. Yeah. Hi, this is Videesha Sheth from Ambit 
Capital. Shall I repeat my question? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
No, no, your question was very clear. So Videesha, as we have 
mentioned in our prior calls as well, our home brand share is 
quite material in our business because of very fragmented 
brands out there in the mother's baby and child category. 
Although we have 8,000 brands on our platform, but most of 
the brands are not that big and are fairly fragmented in terms 
of size. So our home brand share is quite meaningful and it 
has been growing on a year on year basis at a much higher clip 
than our overall India multi-channel. If I talk about at an India 
multi-channel level, our home brand share has been growing 
at a higher CAGR than the India multi-channel CAGR for many, 

 
 
 
15 
 
many years in the past. So that has been compounding higher 
sort of a share. We have multiple brands that we have shared 
in the RHP, if you will recall. We have brands that are catering, 
Babyhug like, it is the India's largest mother's baby and kids 
product brand by GMV that was shared in the RHP. We 
believe that it continues to be the leading mother baby and 
kids multi-category product brand and it also happens to be, 
as was stated in the RHP, it is the largest product assortment 
brand in Asia Pacific, excluding China. We continue to believe 
it is the case even now, but as per the factual statement was 
stated in the RHP. So we believe with that, we will continue to 
increase our assortment, our power, what we can deliver 
better to our customers as we continue to learn from our 
analytics, to be able to find the products that with customer 
behaviors and customer changing trends and patterns, what 
we need to bring and we continue to innovate in our in-house 
team, which designs and develops all of these products, 
domestically and abroad. And that's how we will continue to 
do. So our home brand share will continue to improve and 
that's for India and even for the Middle East as someone 
asked, I think this was a question asked by Sachin. We 
continue to deliver we have built specific home brands even 
for the Middle East market we will continue to. This is a 
journey, it will take us time because, in the prior period before 
us, like in KSA, we have been there for only two and a half 
years now So it's just it takes time for a consumer to change 
patterns, change behavior and build comfort and trust with a 
brand. So as we go along on a longer time frame, we have built 
our product range. While our India home brands are gone to 
middle east and the specific home brands catering to that 
market also will continue to deliver in that market. So over a 
longer period of time, our home brand share will continue to 
improve. And that is why it gives us great confidence that we 
will continue to improve our overall gross margin. One of the 
factors, key factors to improve our gross margin as an overall 
India multi-channel and even in Middle East market 
 

 
 
 
16 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
And Videesha, the growth in our home brands historically has 
always been disproportionate to the growth in the India 
multi-channel business and that will continue to happen. This 
is what we believe.  
 
Ms. Videesha Shah 
Sure, sure. Thanks for that. And the second question was if 
you could just talk about how is the response for the older age 
segment of 6 to 12 years or 8 to 12 years and how many stores 
are you looking to open that? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So we have a very handful of stores. We have not opened any 
stores in 6 to 12 in the last, quarter or last couple of quarters. 
We have few handful of stores that we had opened, we are 
fine-tuning our merchandise from an offline perspective and 
but online, I think we are doing fairly well that assortment has 
turned out quite nice as we've expanded our assortment. And 
the cohort of the customers actually is quite nicely 
compounding there from as we progress from six years to 
seventh year and eighth year and ninth year as this this tail 
will get formed over a longer period of time, because as 
customers move from six years of seven, seven to eight, eight 
to nine. So this funnel will be complete in another couple of 
years when there'll be a fully loaded pregnant sort of a base 
of customers who would have transacted from six to twelve. 
So this is a work in progress, but it has turned out quite well. 
We're quite happy with the progress of Pinekids which is our 
home brand and several other third party brands that we sell 
to our brand partners. We're doing quite well on 6 to 12. 
 
Ms. Videesha Shah 
Got it. So net, net growth for this age cohort would be led by 
the online channel. 
  
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes. Yes. Of course. Absolutely. 
 
Ms. Videesha Shah 
Thank you. Thank you. I'll get back in the queue. All the best. 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Videesha. Next question is from Mr. Sudhir. 

 
 
 
17 
 
 
 
Mr. Sudhir 
Hey, Hi Supam. Hi, Gautam. This is Sudhir from Kotak 
Mahindra AMC. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on 
decent set of numbers. So first question, you mentioned the 
38 COCO store shut down. So, I mean, while you said that the 
customer wallet share expectations are not being met. Can 
you elaborate what has led to this? Is it these 38 stores are 
more impacted by, let's say competition from quick 
commerce place or the unorganized players are being more 
aggressive in those micro markets. And if you can give some 
color on where are these 38 stores, are they in the top cities 
or tier two, tier three towns? Some color and slicing and dicing 
of that data will help. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure. So Sudhir, I appreciate your question. So first of all, we 
have our internal benchmark. I would out-rightly clarify that 
for our offline stores, quick commerce is not a right 
comparison. I mean we have a very different assortment. And 
these are largely set of Babyhug stores out of the 38 stores 
that we are talking about. And the reason are, multiple fold. 
The footfalls get impacted, sometimes also by the impact of a 
lot of construction activity happening in the country, which 
goes on for two three years in terms of the, sort of the metros 
that are getting constructed and which impacts the footfall. 
And at the same time sometimes while we get the data from 
online that this is the pin code that is the most suited in terms 
of opening up a store and that's how the science that we have 
built in terms of opening a store, but at the same time, a pin 
code in India is actually quite wide in terms of the physical 
territory of a particular town or a city. And the availability of 
the right catchment sometimes becomes also a challenge and 
within that constraint the size of the store as well. So some of 
these things has led to a suboptimal outcome in terms of the 
footfall expectations that we had from the store. From our 
online data source that told us like in this particular pin code 
you can open comfortably a store and usually you know, I 
would say 95 percent of the time you will be bang on. But for 

 
 
 
18 
 
these particular 38 stores, we felt that we had a suboptimal 
outcome in terms of both footfall as well as the wallet share 
of the customer that we expect both from an online offline 
perspective, the offline customers going online or an online 
customer going offline, had not resulted into an enhanced 
sort of a wallet share and leading us to believe that we should 
nail this. So this is not a representative that we will, as I 
mentioned earlier, that we will come out of those cities or 
those towns. That's not what we are saying. It is just maybe, 
we don't want to call it replace, relocation and all of that, but 
we will ultimately find a new or fresh location. We are not 
exiting any particular territory or location or the city, not at 
all. And this is not one territory or one region, one south, 
north, west, east or one city or one town where we have 
exited all of this. So this is not an impact of any local store, this 
is not like one phenomenon. This is just an internal 
benchmark that we have had, which has resulted in for us to 
take this decision. And going forward, I can just sort of share 
that this is not like, we will, we hope that our churn rate for a 
COCO store will be lower than our churn rate for FOFO store 
that we have demonstrated in the past for so many years. So 
we are very comfortable on that. It will only mean it will 
improve our customer experience, our expectation of footfall, 
our wallet share, leading to an optimum outcome on the 
profitability as well as top line. 
 
Mr. Sudhir 
Sure, Supam. So if I understand your response right, you are 
essentially saying the real estate suitability in a particular 
catchment or micro market is the bigger reason than any 
competition or sort of angle. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Absolutely. 
 
Mr. Sudhir 
 
Fair enough and in the overseas business, right, you 
mentioned about the two horizontal players impacting in this 
quarter. So what is our strategy of defense here? Assuming 
because they are newly entered horizontals, might be private 

 
 
 
19 
 
equity funded, don't care about profitability, have a lot of cash 
to burn, while we have to be defensive on the profitability 
front also in line with your stated objective. So how do you 
ensure that you don't lose big market share to these 
horizontals? At least in the next one, two, three quarters. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
No, very relevant question, Sudhir. Look, it is a balance of 
growth and our laser focus on our improvement on 
profitability to reduce the burn. So we will try and balance out 
through the moats that we have built. Specifically moats on 
enhancing quality of the customers that we acquire, quality of 
our home brands that we are delivering out and expansion of 
those home brands as quickly as, we can get out there to the 
consumers proliferating that and improving the network 
effect of that to all our audiences, both in the UAE and the 
KSA. And overall improving our merchandising and our tech 
platform, operational leverage in terms of personalization. So 
I think some of these things will enable us to deliver a superior 
sort of a performance, from a discerning customer view and 
we believe both UAE and KSA have as discerning customers as 
in India. And while we have been able to battle it out in our 
initial journey of maybe five, seven years back when we had a 
lot of these horizontals in 2013 to 2016 in India. And like we 
will be able to battle it out, in a very balanced approach of sort 
of a burn prudence, while balancing the growth and the 
market share. But it's yet to play out. We'll be very focused, 
balance, monitor situation on a day-to-day basis. It will play 
out as it will play out. You know mostly most horizontal 
players are decently funded, decent backgrounds with a lot of 
capital but I think over a period of time, they all have their way 
of showing performance to their sort of investors or 
shareholders as well. So this will all balance out. Maybe we'll 
have some rough ride for maybe a few quarters is what 
probably, it might mean. But again, as I said, we will ride it out 
in a very, I would say, prudent way as we have done in the 
past. 
 

 
 
 
20 
 
Mr. Sudhir 
 
Fair enough, sir. That would be from me. All the very best. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you, Sudhir 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Sudhir. Next question is from PS Rohit.  
 
Mr. PS Rohit 
Hi Gautam and Supam. Good evening. This is Rohit from 
Claypond Capital. So my first question is that I noticed that the 
GMV, both the GMV and the order growth for nine months 
year on year has been 17%, which could indicate that the 
order values are sort of stagnant. Any levers that could be at 
play there to improve them in the future? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So Rohit, we believe that there were a couple of reasons why 
this happened. Our expectation on Q3 internally was slightly 
higher than what we delivered. And we could have done 
better, as I said there are a couple of reasons. One reason 
being, we had, of course, the festive environment had, which 
is a Q2 and Q3 is a balanced way that you should see. But 
more importantly, winter was delayed in the country. Usually, 
in mother's baby and kids, because of the size issue every 
child or every family, literally has to change their winter 
garments every year because I mean, your children will out-
grow and you have to buy, which had a delayed impact of 
winter. Order frequency could have been slightly better. Even 
AOVs could have been slightly better, which could have led to 
a higher growth in the Q3, which could have meant that nine 
months growth could have been slightly sort of a better. So 
that's how we believe and even also the COCO stores closure 
also had a minor impact, as well. So, if all of these reasons had 
played out positively, which is just in this particular quarter. I 
don’t think it is a natural phenomenon. We believe over a 
longer period of our journey, our moats remain absolutely 
strong. Our AUTC growth is absolutely strong, which we have 
been growing only 12% FY24 to 14%, 16% and 17% in Q1, Q2 
and now Q3. So which will result into a superior growth and it 
should reflect in the coming quarters or in the quarters of the 

 
 
 
21 
 
subsequent year. And as we've taken some corrective actions 
in the COCO as well. So all of this will mean, our core business 
India multi-channel should continue to deliver a strong 
outcome. So you should be able to see some of these 
numbers subsequently, over a longer period of time, here and 
there, one or two quarters does happen because some of 
these things like winter is not in our control and this cleanup 
exercise was just one time.  
 
I hope, Rohit, that gives you comfort. 
 
Mr. PS Rohit 
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, it does. Just one more follow-up question. 
You know, we've seen that, the GM for this particular quarter 
has sort of gone down slightly. And while that's over Q2, while 
that's a phenomenon that typically happens, over the 
previous years as well, where Q3 GMs are slightly lower than 
Q2. Would that mean that you would see like a meaningful 
jump going into Q4 where you know some of that is uh some 
of the prior quarters reversed and then some added. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So Rohit, you should not see actually quarter on quarter GMs. 
You should see GMs year on year only. Because there are 
certain seasonality in our business. So like Q2 and Q3 typically 
because of this Diwali, Dussehra and Durga Puja, festivities a 
lot of, there is a fashion sale and fashion gives us a slightly 
higher gross margin than other categories and therefore some 
of these, so quarter on quarter, you should not really see that 
you should see a year on year basis. If you look at our year-
on-year gross margin, we have improved by 250 bps, from the 
last year at a consol. level. Obviously, India multi-channel, 
which is our core business, has to deliver a very meaningful, 
steep higher number to be able to deliver 250 bps increase at 
a consol. level.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
So trend remains more or less same between the margin 
differences in Q2 versus Q3, for both the years. And we'll 
continue with the gross margin increase in the coming years. 

 
 
 
22 
 
 
Mr. PS Rohit 
Got it. Got it. Thank you, Gautam and Supam. This is really 
helpful. And All the best. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Rohit. Next question is from Raj 
 
Mr. Raj Vyas 
Yeah, Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I'm Raj Vyas from TM 
Investment Technologies Private Limited.  
 
So, I have question regarding like, how do you plan to sustain 
and further accelerate the profitability like as we can see the 
losses have narrowed down. So how do you plan to improve 
the profitability going ahead for, a consolidated business and 
the India multi-channel segment in the upcoming quarters, 
especially in the terms of cost efficiency, revenue generation 
and market expansion? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So Raj, if you will see our first slide of the presentation, first, 
second, third slide of our presentation, you'll see we have 
been able to report the best quarter or a best performance 
both in terms of Adjusted EBITDA performance, at a consol. 
level, which has gone to 6.2% and also at India multi-channel, 
which has gone to 11.2%, which is in the last four years, the 
best ever. And year on year basis as well, it has continued to 
increase. We believe, as we've been saying it. And Gautam 
mentioned that if you just see our business in four segments. 
India multi-channel business hasn't reached to a steady state 
across different parts of our, if you look at our business from 
a gross margin perspective, operating efficiency, marketing 
efficiency, our operating leverage, all of these levers will 
continue to deliver as outcome to you know optimize and 
increase our adjusted EBITDA, for India multi-channel 
meaningfully, going forward in many quarters and years to 
come.  

 
 
 
23 
 
Our international business obviously has to become profitable 
as we are improving and reducing our negative EBITDA. And 
there's a journey there as well, which will overall impact our 
consol. performance, bottom line performance. And 
Globalbees is a very young business and less than a three and 
a half year sort of a track record right from inception. The 
company has delivered quite a meaningful performance both 
on the top line and bottom line. And as I said, it's a young 
business. So there is a lot more to happen in terms of the 
steady state, both our top line growth as well as the adjusted 
EBITDA. And preschool business is still very young again, it's 
an asset light model, although at a 22% adjusted EBITDA but 
if you look at our first three businesses, all of them will 
improve. On a longer period, you should be able to see you 
know improvement across all our businesses, therefore 
leading to more superior outcome across different metrics 
that you would want to see and resulting into more capital 
efficiency, marketing efficiency, operating leverage, gross 
margin improvement, which will remain in the business for a 
longer period of time. So those are not like one time, sort of 
performance indicator which will vanish. So we feel very 
confident about that.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
In fact, while this is our third earnings call after listing. We 
have published the segment wise numbers from FY22, in our 
prospectus if you see. And you will see that, we have 
improved our margin performance in all the four business 
segments year on year. FY23 is better than FY22, FY24 is 
better than FY23, and so is 9MFY25. So you will see a 
continuous improvement, both in gross margins as well as the 
EBITDA performance. And we believe that it should continue 
to happen going forward. 
 
Mr. Raj Vyas 
So, any ball park number that we are looking for in terms of 
revenue or margins or profitability, because some bit of any 

 
 
 
24 
 
like that we can put a number in our minds as well while going 
forward. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
We really admire companies like Page Industries. That's 
something that we believe that is a very admirable company 
from a management perspective, to aim, aspire to be at the 
bottom line level. 
 
Mr. Raj Vyas 
And any sort of challenges to make FirstCry as Page industries, 
any sort of challenges that you will be looking and how can 
you overcome those challenges? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Just focused execution, not much strategy work is required. 
More of very, I would say, detailed execution, on a focused 
execution by the entire FirstCry team and Globalbees team 
together. All of us have to really continue to be at it to be able 
to deliver, there are I mean, and obviously, there are certain 
factors that are not in our control like winter, some of these 
factors that come into play or general sort of narrative around 
this slow down and all of that, although we don't believe that 
as much there is a little bit of a, so many factors are there 
which macros will make difference. But we believe we have 
enough internal moats to continue to focus, to be able to 
deliver the superior performance. But yes, we got to be lucky 
as we go along in some of the external environment 
situations. And we always have believed that as long as you 
are in the game and you are doing your best and you are 
delivering the best in the industry, luck will be your side as 
well, while external when facing external situations and 
thereby reaching to your goalpost, as I just mentioned. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Chintan. Please note 
that this will be the last question. 
 
Mr. Chintan 
Hi, Supam and Gautam. This is Chintan here from JM Financial 
Family Office. So I had two questions. So one is on growth. So 
if you look at on a nine month basis, you've delivered a growth 

 
 
 
25 
 
of around say 17% YoY. So my question is, there is this 
organized growth and the key thesis for us has been the shift 
from unorganized to organized for a player like us. So I wanted 
to understand slightly from a longer term perspective, this 
number of 17%, does it indicate that the shift we expect to 
happen from unorganized to organized in not happening and 
if that’s the case can you highlight what could be a few 
reasons for it to play out. Is it just price points or it just 
customer behavior that is my first question. 
 
And second one I would say is more so from an online 
platform perspective. If you could help us with few variables 
like the repeat purchase, in terms of customers how many 
repeat purchases happening if you give through some that 
number that would be helpful to gauge the performance. 
Those were my two questions. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
I think the first question answer is actually very simple, 
Chintan. If you look at our industry report, which was part of 
the RHP, the unorganized industry is roughly close to 84%. At 
the time of listing that we had, the industry report had 
mentioned and the overall industry is going between 13 to 
14%. So we are and this is also you must remember, this is a 
CAGR for next four to five years. There can always be certain 
sort of a blips in between. So this 13 to 14% is the industry 
growth as stated in the industry report by Redseer. And we 
have been compounding at a far higher clip than that and our 
internal obviously aim is slightly higher than even what we 
have. But it just I mean, we have gone through the reasons so 
I won’t sort of go through them again. But relatively speaking, 
we are obviously converting unorganized to organized and as 
India, as I would quote, our finance minister has said over the 
next four to five years as our per capita income will double up 
over a period of next few years. So growth of the unorganized 
to organized has to happen and being the largest sort of a 
multi-channel, multi-category mothers baby and kids player. 
We believe that we will be the biggest beneficiary in that 

 
 
 
26 
 
journey. So I think that's how I would put it. So far we have 
been tracking nicely. Whether it'll compound faster, slower, I 
would say, we have seen the environment around us, in that 
which is where we are, but it is compounding far better than 
the industry growth which is also a little longer horizon, you 
can't say 13, 14% every quarter industry report. This is over a 
four or five year. That's exactly what will happen to us as well 
that our CAGR might be slightly superior. And over a longer, if 
you look at our four years CAGR, past and going forward, it 
definitely can be different than what you have just known for 
the nine months which is just 17, 18%. So that's the answer to 
your sort of first question. 
 
Mr. Chintan 
Supam, if I may, just one follow up on this. So the message 
that I'm getting from this is clearly two points. One is we don't 
see any factors in terms of price point and customer behavior 
that is stopping the shift from unorganized to organized, that 
is one. And secondly, the growth that we are looking at is 
much higher than the 17% that we have delivered in the nine 
months. Is that the right understanding? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
And so the Q3 was impacted, I would say, for us, because of 
the delayed winter, we've gone through the reasons and you 
should see your business in Q2 and Q3. I would not try to say 
that you should benchmark like, a very steep growth curve 
from where do we stand. You should see in the backdrop of 
the overall industry, retail industry as well. While there will be 
a conversion from unorganized to organized without doubt. 
And that's happening in the market, and being a very large 
online domination in our multi-category approach, as you can 
see, it's almost 78% of our multi-channel business. The online 
is 70 sort of, it's a significant part and there if you will see as 
well, our AUTC growth has been stronger. So you will be able 
to see a superior sort of a performance, as we sort of go along, 
but industry is 13, 14%. We are compounding at a much 
higher clip, gives us the confidence that we are doing the right 
things. Yes, we as management, we remain hungry, we 

 
 
 
27 
 
remain unhappy, we want to deliver more, but we don't want 
to promise more, so we will deliver more is how I would sort 
of put it. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
And being the largest demand aggregator in terms of the 
largest platform, retail destination in India and being the 
largest supply aggregator which is Babyhug is the largest 
home brand in India. And I think, both these factors put 
together should give anyone a sufficient comfort that we'll 
continue to grow better than the industry growth.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Our long-term moats are absolutely intact and compounding 
all the key moats that we have built in the business, they're all 
compounding and generating a strong defensibility, strong 
foundation for our future growth. I think you should be able 
to see it over a period of next couple of years. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you. That was the last question. I hand it over back to 
Supam and Gautam for any closing remarks. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
I would like to thank you, everyone for all of you taking time 
out on a Saturday. And we really appreciate and looking 
forward to seeing you in our next quarter which will be a 
completion of the annual fiscal year. Thank you once again. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thank you so much, everyone. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
 
Thank you. 
 
