 
 
   
     February 07, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Department  
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001. 
 
Code: 526668 
ISIN: INE967C01018 
 
 
To, 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: KAMATHOTEL 
 
 
Sub.: Submission of Transcript of Q3/9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call held on February 04, 
2025  
  
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), 
please find enclosed herewith a transcript of Q3/9M FY25 Earnings Conference call of Kamat Hotels 
(India) Limited with various Investors and Analysts held on Tuesday, February 04, 2025 at 12:00 noon 
(IST). 
 
We request you to take the above on record and treat the same as compliance under the applicable 
provisions of SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kamat Hotels (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Nikhil Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl a/a. 
 
NIKHIL 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by NIKHIL SINGH 
Date: 2025.02.07 
15:19:37 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
Kamat Hotels India Limited  
Q3 and 9 Months FY’25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 04, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen! Good day and welcome to Q3 and 9 months FY’25 Earnings Conference 
Call of Kamat Hotels (India) Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only-mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
At this time, I would like to hand over the conference over to Ms. Nupur Jainkunia from 
Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you.   
Nupur Jainkunia: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Nupur Jain 
Kunia from Valorem Advisors. 
We represent Investor Relations of Kamat Hotels (India) Limited. On behalf of the Company, I 
would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's Earnings Call for the 3rd Quarter 
and 9 months ended for the Financial Year 2025. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's con-call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to the Management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's Earnings Conference Call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the Company's fundamental business and Financial Quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s Earnings Call 
and hand it over them for Opening Remarks. We have with us today: Mr. Vishal Vithal Kamat – 
Executive Director, Ms. Smita  Nanda – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Nikhil Singh – Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Vishal Vithal Kamat sir to start with his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 19 
Vishal Kamat: 
Thank you very much, Nupur. Namaskar, everyone. Thank you all for being here on this 
afternoon and welcome to our Earnings Call to discuss the Q3 and the 9-month FY’25 Results. 
The Results along with the comprehensive presentation have already been shared with you all 
on the stock exchanges for your review and for you to look at and based on that I am assuming 
many of you are here. So, thank you for being here. 
As you may have noticed, the Company has delivered a very good performance in the 3rd 
quarter across the various metrics, showing growth also year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter. 
Apart from growth, it's also shown some improvements on the various other factors which we 
will take up further in the call as per our long-term plan. 
In terms of strategic and intent to extend our footprint to many more geographies and which 
we can deliver it a lot more in the detail to come mainly, our Pune Orchid, which has been 
going on in terms of certain upgradations, then the Goa Hotel, our Orchid Hotel in Goa has 
commenced operations on 17th of January, so we are very happy about that also coming on it 
was a little late, but it is there. Then there are also expansion facilities happening at certain 
places, which will further increase our revenue, and along with that, our EBITDA also. So, the 
Company is also dedicated to enhancing additional efficiencies in terms of reducing electricity, 
HLP, which we call certain labor costs, by using various technologies and also enhancements to 
make the same efficiency, and while also at the same time keeping the service factors in mind. 
Our customer-centric focus, that's what Kamat is known for, our customer-centric focus in 
terms of family and corporate as a Company, which we focus on, we are committed to that. 
Along with the environment, because we are Asia's first five-star pioneering chain of 
environmentally-sensitive hotels, and our customers recognize for that, and that is why we 
have a very high repeat of 34% repeat customers in our entire, so 34% of our sales, which 
comes from repeat customers, so we are very grateful to our high repeat care. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to our CFO – Mrs. Smita Nanda, who has done a 
fantastic job in terms of various aspects, and she will take you through the financials for the 
current year. Thank you. 
Smita Nanda: 
Thank you, sir, and good afternoon, everyone. 
Let me briefly touch upon the key “Performance Highlights” for the Quarter ended 31st 
December 2024: 
The consolidated revenue for the third quarter was 111 crores, representing the increase of 
around 29% year-on-year basis. EBITDA for Q3 FY’24 was 44 crores, reflecting the growth of 
around 70% year-on-year basis, with the EBITDA margin reported 39.77%, which comes 40%. 
The profit after tax for Q3 FY’25 stood at 26 crores, decreased from 42 crores in Q3 FY’24, that 

 
Page 3 of 19 
is because of the last year we have contributed an exceptional item, IRA Mumbai sales. For the 
9 months of Financial Year 2025, the consolidated revenue stood INR 270 crores, representing 
the growth of 22.8% year-on-year basis. The total EBITDA stood INR 80 crores, which rose by 
18.3% year-on-year, with EBITDA margin reported 29.63%. The profit after tax was INR 36 
crores, which is 16.6%, lower than the previous year Q3 FY’24 on account of the same 
exceptional item, which we related to the IRA Mumbai sales. 
The PAT margin stood for the period at 13.19%. With this, I conclude my remarks and request 
the moderator to open the floor for a question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone phone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, may press ‘*’ then ‘2’. Participants are requested to use handset 
while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. We will take the first question from the line of Raj Saraf from Finvestors. 
Please go ahead. 
Raj Saraf: 
Sir, two, three questions I have. So, first of all, as we know, I have seen in the past that our Q4 
is generally nice. So, can I assume that our guidance, which was lowered from 400 crore to 350 
crore in the course of this financial year, so now we are on target to overachieve our 350 crore 
and EBITDA I think more than 100 crore? 
Vishal Kamat:  
So, sir, definitely we have given revised guidance because of the certain outlooks at that 
particular juncture because we always want to be as candid and transparent as we can based 
on what we outlook. But this quarter has been very good. I am very proud of our boys and girls, 
our team members who have done a great job supported by our admin at HO and other levels 
because of which we had a really good this thing and definitely we seem to be on track in terms 
of the EBITDA for 100 crore. 
Raj Saraf: 
Okay. So, sir, this 40% EBITDA in Q3, close to 40%, is it sustainable going forward or what could 
be the outlook going forward from your end? 
Vishal Kamat:  
The Company's historic performance even before the last 2 years, which is basically where we 
have been out of our financial challenges, the Company's historic performance has always 
fluctuated between 33, 35 and 40 odd percent, if you see and in the last 2 years, since we came 
out of various financial challenges, we were using the whatever things to clean up and 
smoothen all our, in fact, the new balance sheet when you will see it, will be much thinner than 
the previous one because various things which were contingent liabilities and other aspects, 
all that has been cleaned up systematically and we will come back to our normal efficiency, 
which is ranging between 35 and 42%. That will come back. So, it is more or less, I would say it 
is fair to assume 35% to be our standard benchmark, which in the last few years or the last 15 
months has not necessarily been the case because like I explained, a lot of things have been 

 
Page 4 of 19 
done, streamlined, smoothened, because of which the Company is now neat and clean in that 
regard 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Jay Kant Beria from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Hi. First of all, thanks for the opportunity. So, I had a question on the state of the Pune market. 
You know, it's one of the key markets for us besides Mumbai. So, just wanted to know your 
opinion on how do you see it going forward? 
Vishal Kamat:  
So, Pune market is a fantastic market. It used to be a terrible market about in 2012-2014, but 
Pune as a city and hoteliers over there along with various other private players have been able 
to make it into a really fantastic commercial hub, plus my city, plus it is a fulcrum city more 
than Mumbai is to various other B-town cities around in that zone of, say, 100-200-250 
kilometer radius. So, people from Kolhapur, people from Sambhaji Nagar, people from other 
places all prefer to go to Pune rather than even Mumbai and Pune have become that fulcrum 
of business also, education also, and when it comes to hospitality, my events, conferences, 
exhibitions. I mean, Ed Sheeran not played in Mumbai and Ed Sheeran played in Pune as well. 
So, it has certain plus points which Mumbai at times may not have, which is basically geographic 
more than anything else and there is a little more comfort and emotional connect which Pune 
as a city has with the certain Ahmed Nagar and all. So, Pune market will continue to thrive. It 
is extremely well supported by a lot of GCCs coming in, a lot of other kind of businesses which 
are coming in which are not only manufacturing but service-oriented also. So, the long-term 
prospects of Pune are very robust, and we are very bullish on Pune in that regard. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankur Kumar: 
 Congrats for a good set of numbers. Sir, I wanted to ask about ARR and occupancy. This 
quarter, our guidance is Rs. 7100 for better occupancy. But this quarter, we are at Rs. 6377 
with 65% occupancy. So, what is our plan to increase both? 
Vishal Kamat:  
So, sir, one of the reasons ARR is not a very good metric to take is because ARR is a combination 
of all the brands of Orchid. Now, today, the average ARR in Orchid Mumbai is sitting at around 
Rs. 8000 to Rs. 9000. But it is still showing as a metric for the whole Orchid brand at Rs. 6000, 
like you mentioned. The reason being that there are certain other hotels which are either they 
are new or they are in a low ADR competitive market. But the ARR is not only driving the 
revenue. The revenue is being driven by F&B and ARR, banqueting, restaurant tiering, and 
rooms business. Apart from any kind of miscellaneous income which may be there, which has 
also grown. Simple things like car rentals. It's not a very big line item. So, as Little drops make 
the mighty ocean like that overall, the boost which has happened. So, while ARR of the brands 
we give because people ask, tell me according to your brand. City-wide, like example, IRA has 

 
Page 5 of 19 
a comparatively lower ARR shown. But IRA by Orchid Ayodhya is doing an average Rs. 10,000 
ARR. Rs. 9000 to Rs. 10,000 going up to Rs. 11,000 fluctuating between that. Same way, IRA 
Mumbai is doing anywhere between Rs. 7500 to again Rs. 9,000 is fluctuating between that. 
So, the brand as a whole, we have given this metric. But it is not a true reflection of every 
property's individual performance. 
Ankur Kumar: 
No, sir, but we have given this number in the future KHIL 3.0 strategy, Rs. 7500 is also there, so 
that is possible to come the overall group or that will take some time, sir?  
Vishal Kamat:  
So, that jump will definitely reflect in the time to come. And this is just now. We have just now 
opened Orchid Passaros in Goa which is at Benaulim. It used to be Lotus. It is now the Orchid. 
Earlier the average rate over there was 3000-3500. Today the average selling rate in Goa 
Passaros was around 7000- 7500. So, that jump will definitely reflect in the times to come and 
that is why and this is just now. We are just now opened the hotel and this is the ARR. So, if the 
ARR we expect to obviously go north of 7000. So, the systematically the ARR which you see will 
definitely increase as hotel stabilizes and mature that is also on the regions of the better 
performance that many of the hotel is opened last year as this year done their due and added 
to the overall KT. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Ruzmik Oza from 9 Rays 
EquiResearch. Please go ahead.  
Ruzmik Oza: 
I just wanted to understand the timeline for the expansion of Pune property rooms from 410 
to 500 and also, the number of rooms now in Goa has gone up to 58. Is it right? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Yes, sir. You are absolutely correct. We have taken the number of rooms up. Right now, it is 57. 
One room is pending because that is a sort of different and a unique room and that will take a 
little longer. But we are at 57 right now but it will eventually be 58. So, it will just be a couple 
of months more for that one particular room. But that said and done, coming to Pune. Pune 
will take approximately anywhere between 12 to 15 months to come to the 500 mark. The 
reason being that the current rooms also of Pune have been upgraded to a very upper category. 
That is why basically while we will have some of the rooms ready, we will be taking out some 
inventory and at any given point of time, the hotel will always operate with 350 to 380 rooms 
depending on floor to floor so that we do not lose revenue. Because Pune Orchid last year also 
did almost Rs. 80 crore and we intend to take that upwards towards the crossing of 100 
systematically. So, for us to do that, we do not want to lose the number of rooms. So, that is 
why we will add these rooms. But yet while we add certain rooms, say we add 30, 40, 50 rooms, 
we will take out also 30, 40, 50 rooms based on that to balance out and make sure that we 
always have around 350 rooms because Pune Orchid being a nice destination, always is having 
a high demand for bulk rooms. So, we do a lot of events where there are a lot of bulk rooms 
required which a normal hotel cannot. So, a normal business practice of a prudent, good hotel 
will always not give more than 50% of its inventory. Even if you are doing a wedding or you are 

 
Page 6 of 19 
doing a conference or you are doing something, unless it is a resort, they will not give you the 
full inventory because they do not want to upset their routine guests and regular guests. On 
an average, any hotel does 60-80% occupancy they don't want that 60% to get upset because 
you have given the whole hotel to someone. So, we all are lucky that having such a huge 
inventory of 380 rooms, we can give up to almost 200 rooms and still maintain our corporate 
relationship where they are not unhappy that every time you say no to me, that does not work. 
That does not happen to us. So, that is the plus point which is the size of Pune Orchid and same 
advantage is there for Mumbai Orchid also. So, this is where basically the expansion will take 
about 12-15 months of the additional, but it will always operate with 350-380 rooms 
approximately. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pankaj from Affluent Assets. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj: 
Just wanted to understand whether this is sustainable. Earlier, we used to have our top line in 
the range of 80-90 crores. This quarter, we have reported 110 plus. So, where do you see 
quarterly revenues going forward and is this sustainable along with the margins which we have 
reported, 40%? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Sir, it is only sustainable if we continue to do what we are doing, which is one, expand. New 
hotels which come in will add to it. Two, existing hotels who are there to make them sweat 
better, the team has done a very good job. In fact, considering that previous to this result, the 
last 4 months and 5 months, there have been various reports on consumer sentiments being 
down, other aspects being this and that X and Y. So, when there has been not necessarily the 
same kind of buoyancy, which we would see in terms of people's stock in 2022, and yet we 
have done this number, which goes to show that our brand is appreciated, our customers 
appreciated us, we are able to hold them, retain them, give them the right kind of deals, which 
are helping us and then both and that is basically why it has to be sustainable. If we have to 
answer your question, it has to be sustainable because of, like I said, expansion, existing 
sweating of assets, and not being complacent. While you might think it is excellent, we think 
it's good. We do not want to get into the euphoria that we have done a very good job, because 
this is not our standard. Our standard is even better than this, which we will work towards 
striving. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jay Kant Beria from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
So, just a follow-up question on my previous part. So, on the Pune market, as you mentioned 
that you see it to perform really well, but we do hear a lot of industry experts who say that 
Pune is a very rate-sensitive market and that a majority of the business is driven by corporate. 
So, what is it for your hotels? What is the mix and do you think that there is some stickiness 
around ARR? 

 
Page 7 of 19 
Vishal Kamat:  
So, ARR is always, as I said in my past also, ARR is not in my hands. It is a function of the market 
and ARR boost is always a function of the market. If the market is buoyant, you will have a 
better ARR. Occupancy is in my hands, because based on how the market is behaving, I can 
drop the prices, I can get customers in I can do whatever I want. But ARR is always a function 
of the market. If there is a conference, like example, when there was a Coldplay Conference, 
the entire city got booked out, regardless of the category, whether it was travel agent, whether 
it was corporate, whether it is FIT. FIT means people who are free individual travelers, your 
family, individual person going on his own accord. So, ARR is definitely something to keep a 
track of, because it shows you the kind of robustness of the demand, which is why hospitality 
as a whole, when I was asked 2 years back, will these ARRs sustain? I said, no, they will grow. 
But why I said that is because I could see the future pipeline, I could see my competitors and 
earlier hoteliers were insecure. They were like, if the business goes, today the hoteliers say, let 
the business go down a bit, but I will not sell the property. Because there are expenses and 
challenges. So, ARRs will sustain and continue to grow. Obviously, they will continue to grow. 
Whether they grow in leaps and bounds that is a different perspective. But overall, what 
scenario we see is here to stay. Again, microclimate-wise, it will definitely grow. Like example, 
in certain cases, like today's the Ayodhya, Ayodhya’s ARR is stabilized and it is going to continue 
to grow on this stability. Because as we are maturing in that market, we are understanding the 
trend. Next year, I will not be surprised to see a 20%, 15% minimum growth in ARR next year. 
Because this is our first year of operation. On Ram Navani, we started, and this Ram Navani in 
April will be our one-year completion. So, we know the entire cycle that when do people come 
there? Why do people come there? How do they come there? How are they coming? How are 
they going? How many flights are there? The flight touch would have been not only stable, but 
going full. So, ARR aside, overall the operations which we see, and coming to your mix, broadly, 
all our hotels operate on a mix of, which I feel is right, sir. I feel right is 30% cooperate. Assuming 
that we are going 100% full, 30% to 35% corporate, 20% travel agents, around 30% to 25% to 
30% being OTA, then approximately 10% to 15% being our own website, our own channel, 
which is basically our Orchid reward members who are there. We have so many repeat 
customers, like I mentioned. Our channel itself also, sir, is very robust in that regard. So, around 
10% to 15% of our own. In some cases, we have some airline business also, which is your anchor 
business, which could be around 5% to 7%. Okay and broadly, this sub-segment and FITs. 
Balance are FITs. Now, FITs are basically the pillars which give you a higher ARR. They don't 
have a corporate tie up. They have not come to a travel agent who has tied up. They have not 
come to, or they have not seen your website. They have just landed up at the door. So, even if 
they come to the website, they come to FIT. So, that is basically the thing. It, again, changes 
from hotel to hotel and even like resort destination may not have any corporate. Resort 
destination will have higher FIT, and higher travel agent, and higher OTA that way. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manvardhan Baid from Laurel Securities Pvt. Ltd. 
Please go ahead.  

 
Page 8 of 19 
Manvardhan Baid: 
 Namaskar, sir. So, sir, at our end, there are multiple lease properties. Can you share the sort 
of the return metrics for these lease properties, the terms of these lease properties? When are 
these lease expiring and the nature of these leases from property to property so that one can 
understand the whole business in detail? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Sir, mostly our lease are signed between 12 to 15 years. Some may be a little longer than that. 
So, none of the lease are expiring anytime soon because they are all like I said, new lease is 
entered in either 1 or 2 years old and the minimum life cycle of the minimum is 12 years to 15 
years. So, all those are this thing. Secondly, sir, it depends broadly across the thing is, generally, 
a hotel, if it does a 35% EBITDA and your revenue share is 20%, then broadly you will take home 
15%. 
Manvardhan Baid: 
Okay. So, broadly, this is the ballpark that one should work with for these leases on an. 
Vishal Kamat:  
Ideally, broadly, 15 can become 10, 12, but broadly this is the ballpark to work with. It is a fair 
metric. If, suppose, someone's 20% revenue share has become 21, 22, 25, broadly this would 
be the metrics to work with. Within this also, sir, I mean, yeah, that is broadly how I would 
break this down. 
Manvardhan Baid: 
Okay. And on the expiry of these leases, where do you see this business going because, let's 
say 10 years down the line, there will be 5 or 7 expiries. So, then... 
Vishal Kamat:  
 Sir, why do we feel that there will be expiry? Why don't you feel that the owner is so happy 
with us that he will renew and we just continue renewing on a revenue share? So, that way, 
sir, 10 years down the line, we do not know whether I would want to continue that hotel. 
Maybe by then that hotel may not be worth continuing for. So, these are all things for 10, 12 
years down the line. Let us, sir, my horizon is the next 3 to 5 years because the world is so 
dynamic. You do not know what is going to happen every 4 years in America and every 5 years 
in India. Then we need to see both and balance it out. Trump has come with now all these trade 
warfare and other things, whatever he is doing, and it is working in his favor. Now, if it is 
working in his favor and he is finding that people are posturing and then giving in to him, all 
the more the world will be a very VUCA world. So, we should take everything as a short innings 
T20 rather than thinking of a test match and that is why my horizon is basically more important 
to see 18 months, 3 years and a little of 5 years in terms of strategic events where we want to 
grow as a brand, which are the tier 2 cities, tier 3 cities. In Tier 1, what is the long-term aspect. 
If I am especially acquiring an asset, then I am looking at a decade horizon. But otherwise, sir, 
in terms of rental, lease, it is not necessary that we need to worry about 15 years from now 
because it is not our asset. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 9 of 19 
Ankur Kumar:  
Sir, if I look at Q4, it is generally equal to Q3 because there is a lot of demand in Q4 also. So, 
what are our guesses on that, sir? 
Vishal Kamat:  
So, sir, Q4 is always a little lesser than Q3. I do not think that it will be that little lesser. It might 
be a little lesser than a little lesser. But in a practical sense, I am saying, I don't want to... While 
the books look robust, I don't want to unnecessarily give you any great guidance. I would like 
to tell you that while this month has been good, the month of January has been very good, the 
month of February always is very good. It is a traditional….. it is the budget time, that is when 
a lot of travel happens and then it is historic that February is one of the best months even 
though it has 28 days. So, again, I would not necessarily base it on what will happen in Q3. But 
at the same time, if I was to say that will it be better than probably next year's Q4, it could be. 
As of now, the signs are positive that... I would say that even if we achieve last year's Q4, still 
the overall net result of our operations is very interesting. 
Ankur Kumar: 
 Sure, sir and, sir, do you want to give any guidance for next year, sir? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Sir, we just discussed this 9 month. We will see, sir, in that week and accordingly see. Okay. 
More important than guidance is basically being able to... which I had mentioned earlier also 
that we will do 100 crores plus EBITDA. There were some skeptics, and they are right to be 
skeptical because technically it did not make sense. How can it be Q2 that we will achieve 100 
and there were a lot of skeptical people, but I think my team has done me a great favor in terms 
of proving me correct by seeing what we saw in the books. Ultimately, sir, we have to see our 
business on books along with that experience and pray that it comes perfectly together and 
that basically is what has happened here also. The conviction we had in our team, the 
conviction we saw in our books, and based on that what the team has done and that is why 
when I saw…before also I mentioned 100. That time, of course, there were some on the call 
also who would have felt that way and they are absolutely right in thinking so. I would not 
because, see, I am day-to-day doing it. You guys are analyzing us only once in a quarter when 
the quarter results come out and you have hardly any knowledge other than what is shared in 
terms of the balance sheet or the result. Whereas I, day-to-day, I am in the grind. So, I would 
obviously have first-hand knowledge more. Certain things, which give me that confidence to 
say, yes. So, I don't want to do small talk, big talk or give any higher expectations. I would say, 
sir, this quarter has gone so well, so we will work hard on the next quarter also and we will 
make sure that the 100 crore EBITDA has already been touched as per me, which I have 
promised my investors and all you people who take the time out to listen to us. So, that I am 
at least grateful for. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will move on to the next question from the line of Komal from Trade Walk 
Research LLP. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 10 of 19 
Komal: 
 I just had a couple of questions. First, in one of your interviews, you mentioned plan for 
overseas operation. Is that still under discussion? In one of your interviews, you mentioned 
plan for overseas operation. Is that still under discussion? 
Vishal Kamat:  
In my interview, plan for overseas operation, okay, I am really sorry. It may not be in the recent. 
Is it a recent interview? 
Komal: 
Yes, a couple of months back, I guess. 
Vishal Kamat:  
No, madam. I can assure you, I am very happy in Be India, By India. I have already been abroad. 
I know how it is over there. Today, when God is giving me so much opportunity over here, and 
today, thanks to the kind of push the government is giving, both state-wise, central-wise, and 
as the state means, Orissa state government, I am grateful to Maharashtra government is 
there. The Himachal government also has been doing, especially the previous government was 
doing a lot. I mean, I do not have much to complain about in terms of within India. So, I am 
very happy doing business here. I do not think it might be my interview, madam, because I am 
very clear that I am not really very keen right now to go abroad. Because of so much of 
opportunity and work happening here. I mean, within India also, we are having some more 
sign-ups to come up, which, we will announce at the subsequent time once it is on the dotted 
line. What is in the pipeline, I do not want to speculate on, but it is, let me tell you, a very robust 
pipeline because what has happened is, Kamat also has come out of its shadow, and Orchid as 
a brand also has come out of its shadow, whereby we are, today, hoteliers are giving us, or 
rather potential tie-up partners are giving us our dues. So, I do not think I mentioned about it. 
It might be a similar named person, but not me, madam. I do not know who are these people 
because I am not very sure that I am keen. I am not very keen, and I know very clearly. Traveling 
within India, madam, I feel like sometimes I am an Indigo or Air India staff member. They know 
me, I kid you not, they know me now by, so well, because, randomly you fly and it is the same 
people on the same circuits. So, that I do not want to add to my pain of travelling abroad. 
Komal: 
Okay and are we looking for any progress in terms of adding keys going forward? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Adding keys? 
Komal: 
Yes. 
Vishal Kamat:  
Yes, madam, of course we are. Like, right now, we have so many hotels. Chandigarh will open 
by March, so we will get a full financial working of the year for Chandigarh Hotel. It is a fantastic 
5-star hotel and will really come out beautifully. We are really, really proud of how it is. So, it 
got delayed, but it has come out fantastic. Hyderabad will open within the first quarter of this 
thing, and it is a high-tech city, which is a prime area. I would rather tell you also, I will tell you 
where exactly the location when it will open. Then Bhavnagar also will open by around October. 
By December ending, our Dehradun Hotel will open. Gwalior also will open by December 

 
Page 11 of 19 
ending. Our Puri Hotel will open by December 26. Work is going on in full swing on that property 
also. So, when we have all these things in pipeline, which is in hand, apart from this, we have 
properties coming up in Sambalpur. We have properties coming up in various other locations 
in Orissa. We have some more signing-offs, which, like I said, once it is signed up, I will inform 
you all. So, the pipeline is quite robust. 
Moderator:  
 Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Trisha Kansara, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Trisha Kansara:  
Sir, I wanted to understand the breakup between, let us say, our new properties versus the old 
legacy properties that we had. So, whatever growth we are seeing in this Quarter, or let us say, 
even for the nine months in FY’25, how much was contributed by new properties, which were, 
let us say, opened in the last 12 to 15 months, versus how much was contributed by our old 
properties, the growth as well as the profitability? 
Vishal Kamat:  
So, you are saying that new properties are opening? Around 65-35. That is what Smitaji has just 
updated me. I thought it was around maybe 75-80. But no, the Company has balanced itself 
very well in terms of revenue from new properties coming to 35, which is very good, actually. 
Thank you, Smitaji, for highlighting me also. I was also under the wrong impression because 
this shows that the Company is moving away from its dependency on its traditional core hotels 
and balancing out with now new infusion of... So, that means we are deleveraging, de-risking, 
and at the same time being able to get additional revenue streams. So, if this is already 65-35, 
then by next year, I would not be surprised if it comes to almost 50- 50 also, which is a really 
great thing. So, that is really good. Thank you, Madam.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vedant S from KG Securities. Please, go ahead. 
Vedant S: 
Hello, sir. I wanted to check, are you planning to expand your Rewards Program to include 
some banks whereby your customers can pay and their customers, common customers can 
book by reward points or something like that? 
Vishal Kamat:  
That's a very good question. Actually, we have been pushing our agency who handles our 
program, and we have been telling them that we do not want to only restrict our members to 
only Orchid Hotels, IRA Hotels, Lotus Hotels, and for Jadhavgadh. We want this program to be 
that if you are an Orchid Rewards member, you should get benefits in various other firms, 
banks, various restaurants. So, we are already working on this. In fact, we were even looking 
at in fact we are even looking at to do this whole thing, in fact, but it did not materialize due to 
certain other financial and other challenges. But in terms of the bank, yes, there are certain 
banks also who are keen now because we have almost 8 lakh members, and 8 lakh members 
to have a co-branding card or to have various other benefits, add points, and redeem, and we 
want people to not only earn and burn in our ecosystem, we want them to either earn and 

 
Page 12 of 19 
burn in any ecosystem, but they should either earn with us or burn with us. So, this is also 
something which is basically this thing. 
Vedant S: 
Okay, sir. Any timeline, sir, when we can see that materialize? Any timeline by when we can 
see this materialize? 
Vishal Kamat:  
No, sir. This is something which is part of time that you take to negotiate. So, we are pushing. 
There are actually some other hotels also who would like to be a part of this program, and we 
might in the near future have some properties which are not exactly owned or managed by us, 
but a part of our program because they are also excellent operators and they also want 
business, and then we also should be able to send our members and probably earn some 
revenue stream from this also. So, look at that. If we can have a revenue stream. See, today, it 
is about only money. Today, it is something about more than money. It is about being able to 
connect and have that person come to you again and again. Even if I don't earn a rupee, but if 
through my Orchid Reward program, I am able to send someone to an exotic location, or if I 
am able to send someone to a resort which is in line where he wants to expire and he goes 
there, then automatically, what did he remember as an Orchid member, I was able to go here. 
So, my repeat customer in my own hotel, we have to see the long game. Today, we are proud 
that almost 34% percent of our repeat customer is coming back to us. I want to see how is he 
coming to me more and more even if he does not always use me. So, obvious but naturally how 
many times will he go to Fort Jadhavgadh? One time, two times. He might find it the best place 
in the world but then he will try something else. But when he goes to that other place he tries, 
through our program he is remembering Orchid, he is remembering us. So, that is how basically 
we look at it is a more open, more android type of thinking rather than a closed system iOS 
thinking. So, that is how we are looking at. So, let's see how it goes. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pankaj from Affluent Assets. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj: 
 I just wanted to understand if we own the Royal Orchid outside Mumbai Airport and secondly 
can you please repeat the new hotels program which you recently mentioned? 
Vishal Kamat:  
So, madam, Royal Orchid is not part of Kamat Group. Royal Orchid basically lost the case. They 
cannot use the word Orchid. Actually no one in India can use the word Orchid with prefix or 
suffix as per the Supreme Court and this is a landmark judgment we won many years back. That 
is why they only open their hotels under the name of Regenta or others. They do not open any, 
only the 12 which are there, which again as per the order is in, as part of the suite. So, there 
are only 11 or 12 Orchid hotels which they have called as Royal Orchid hotels, which are there 
and those also as if they remove the name or if they shut them down, like example one of their 
hotels in Bangalore was Royal Orchid but now it has become another brand hotel. So, it has 
become a Lemon Tree. So, now they cannot reuse and take that name elsewhere. So, that is 
the condition of the court. So, they are Royal Orchid, we are Kamat Hotels, and we own the 
brand Orchid in India. So, I hope that lays your query to rest. 

 
Page 13 of 19 
Pankaj: 
So, the property outside Mumbai Airport, that belongs to us? 
Vishal Kamat:  
So, that is the Orchid Mumbai. 
Pankaj: 
So, it is with us right? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Yes, that is with us. You mentioned Royal Orchid, so I thought I would just clarify that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Randeep Kapoor from 
Investire  Investments. Please go ahead. 
Randeep Kapoor:  
 My question is regarding the joint venture which was for the Puri hotel. What is the latest 
update of that? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Unfortunately, we could not continue with the joint venture. It is better to have a positive and 
amicable happy separation or I would say a discontinuation rather than having things. So, we 
had a discussion, there were certain things it is very dynamic. So, based on that, they had 
thought that they would like to participate but we are still moving ahead on that and we have 
some other things in line. Let us get back to you, sir once we have some more details on that. 
Randeep Kapoor:  
No, but the hotel is coming up by December. 
Vishal Kamat:  
Yes, sir. 
Randeep Kapoor:  
It is a joint venture or it is totally by yourself now? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Sir, it will be a joint venture still. It will still be a joint venture. I will share the details once that 
is first approved by the board and other things once that then we can share to the public. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kaushik D, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik D: 
So, I was just checking your Ayodhya properties. The room rates are showing in the range of 
15000 to 20,000. So, can you throw us a light on the occupancy and the average room rate for 
this month of January and Feb as part of Mahakumbh? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Right now, sir, you are talking about Ayodhya sir? 
Kaushik D: 
Yes. 
Vishal Kamat:  
Yes. Ayodhya, sir, we are selling anywhere right now between 15,000-20,000. It is fluctuating 
because a lot of people are going to Mahakumbh. Myself, I am trying to go on 13 to 15, but it 
is very difficult. I don't know who are these 40-crore people who are reaching there because 
of this 30 crore people because I am finding it so difficult to go there. I must appreciate the UP 

 
Page 14 of 19 
government. It is a phenomenal achievement and actually, not only UP government, it is a 
testament to all of our, all Indians, how amazing the whole place has been in terms of whatever 
feedback I have got, what my friends have gone and seen. So, that is also affecting us positively 
in Ayodhya because from Mahakumbh to Ayodhya, our hotel is only 4 hours, maximum 4.5 
hours. So, people are going on a circuit. They are going to Varanasi. They are going to Ayodhya. 
They're going on a tour. So, overall, UP, apart from Mahakumbh, is benefiting and booming. 
So, I think that's something which is there. Occupancy-wise, sir, right now, we are going at 90 
plus occupancy and hopefully, sir, we will give you some more good news of some additional 
hotels in Ayodhya. At the right time, we will announce that because we are doing so well that 
we are right now the number 1 hotel in terms of the government people. We have all various 
kinds of central ministers staying with us. Even though we are not the biggest hotel there, we 
are the second biggest and yet we have a lot of central government people who is who of 
anyone in UP government wants to showcase because our food is so much appreciated that 
people have been coming and staying with us. Mr. Gavaskar stayed with us. I mean, the list of 
luminaries are huge because, again, our food, our personal connect with most of them, and 
again, the overall team that is doing a great job in that location and it is just only, what, 2.5 
kilometers from the temple. So, at least 10-15 minutes you are there. So, it's a perfect location, 
and the perfect things have all come together. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Next question is from the line of Chandan Mishra from Finvestors. Please go 
ahead. 
Chandan Mishra: 
My question related to Mahodadhi Palace, sir. It has seen a decrease in occupancy rate from 
last year and as well as it has seen average room rate also decrease from year-on-year and the 
QoQ. What is the reason for that, sir? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Sir, unfortunately, that project behind, we are not able to command the kind of rates that we 
expect because the property right now, the 25 rooms which are on, that is on basically because 
behind there is a work going on. There is a project work going on because of which we are not 
able to necessarily command that kind of demand from it yet and we understand that because 
it's only 25 rooms. So, 25 rooms has no major consequence even if our occupancy over there 
is, even if the ARR is double, those 25 rooms are not going to give us any kind of return as 
compared to when the whole hotel of 160 rooms along with banquet and all that comes in. So, 
we are willing to sacrifice those 25 rooms. It is just that we do not want to shut it. Ideally, we 
may have shut it also, but we do not want to shut it. That is why those 25 rooms are on and we 
are doing the work. So, it is not exactly in the scheme of our things right now to focus on ARR 
or anything because we do not want guests to be unhappy. Those guests who are willing to 
compromise, then they are expecting a rate also of compromise which we are okay with 
because right now it is running in a very simplistic fashion. But once it is done and upscale, that 
time we'll shut these 25 rooms also and it will be upgraded into the luxury heritage hotel. 

 
Page 15 of 19 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. Please go 
ahead.  
Gunit Singh:  
So, firstly, I would like to congratulate you for the great work that you've done which is also 
showing in the numbers. So, in the investor presentation, you mentioned that we would be 
looking at 24 hotels by FY’25. So, I just want to understand what is the growth strategy going 
forward? Are we targeting a certain number of addition of hotels every year as an internal 
growth strategy and what efforts are we putting in to sort of increase the average room rates 
for our hotels and how does the growth in our ARR compared with peers or the industry? If 
you can explain that. 
Vishal Kamat:  
So, thank you, Gunit ji. I appreciate your wishes. Firstly, sir, the first strategy is basically to add 
number of hotels in the states that we are in and to use the fulcrum kind of situation. Like, for 
example, if I am in Dehradun, that's why I would look at a Rishikesh, that's why I would look at 
a Mussoorie, that is why I would look at a place around that because I am in that state because 
only hotels is not. You have to do localizing, you have to have local connect, you have to have 
a lot of... You have to be able to add value to the local society and make sure that any issues 
are there, they are resolvable. So, whenever we are now in Shimla, we are in Manali, so we are 
looking at other locations in Himachal. So, that is basically one of the strategies, somewhat like 
a hub-and-spoke style, though it is more about the social connect and other aspects. So, one is 
that. Secondly, sir, you said about increasing of ARR. We are spending a lot of money on 
technology. We spend a lot on social media. We spend a lot on tools of technology, which 
basically goes and tells you how to drive the traffic. Then, we also have a lot of investment in 
Google Analytics. We are spending quite a bit of money with our OTA partners to work with 
them to help drive traffic to us. Then, we are spending a lot of money on our Orchid Reward 
members who we regularly contact, give them schemes, offer them because of which it is very 
commendable that a Company of our size and hospitality in general has a comparatively very 
robust direct web page booking, which normally does not happen for even….because most 
people prefer to go to OTA. So, how to bring them to us? It's a constant effort. So, this all helps 
you systematically bring your ARR up also along with that because as your books build up, then 
you can start selling better and better on this thing. So, overall, this basically is the kind of tools 
that we use. So, we have a lot of technology at the backend for all this. 
Gunit Singh:  
Alright, sir. Got it. So, sir, what percentage of the total bookings would be from direct website 
and also in this Quarter, our revenues went up drastically Q and Q and Y and Y as well but I 
observed that the expenses are still in that range about 67-65 CR. So, sir, I would like to 
understand that is this economies of scale coming in that expenses should not I mean would 
not go above with the current that we are above, say, 65-70 cr and anything we earn in the 
revenues would try to translate into EBITDA Is that a fair understanding? 

 
Page 16 of 19 
Vishal Kamat:  
Sir, a lot. A lot of the basically boost has also come from the F&B you know. The F&B business, 
wedding business that has helped. I did not exactly get what you meant. What exactly, sir, apart 
from the rooms business and other you are asking the increase? 
Gunit Singh:  
So, basically, our revenues this quarter went to 111 cr from about 85 cr last quarter but our 
expenses, operating expenses went up from this 63 cr to 67 cr which is an increase of 4 cr. 
Vishal Kamat:  
Okay, sorry, I misunderstood. Sir, basically, when your lobby is your lobby, your lobby when 
you are doing a 50% occupancy, or a 100% occupancy will consume the same amount of 
electricity. So, when you end up doing more business, your basically metrics of these things 
come down. What will increase is your food cost. If your party is of 200 people and it becomes 
300 people, max to max my food cost will increase which has increased but my light bills, my 
labor bill more or less be the same or not same but it will come in percentage terms down. 
When you are doing more business, your profitability and EBITDA that is why naturally will 
increase. That's why the EBITDA has gone up because the expenses remain almost same in 
most cases. The rent is going to be the same, sir. The light is going to be the same. The labor is 
going to be the same. Your elasticity of expenses becomes better as compared to when you 
are running the same show with a lesser occupancy or lesser banquet utility. So, that is basically 
how the profitability is enhanced and the costs have gone up incrementally not exponentially 
in line with the revenue. It is actually a good question, sir. Thank you for asking that. I am sure 
that will help a lot of other people on the call also. Thank you, sir. 
Gunit Singh:  
Right, sir. Got it, so probably, 65% this year would be like a saturated, saturation of expenses, 
even if revenues go further. That's a correct understanding, right? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Sir, expenses will basically, I will end it at this one with you that expenses, basically, sir, may, 
will go up, based on new hotel addition, also. As new hotels are added, there is an increase in 
the expenses, which affects the EBITDA of that time. But after a year, it pans out, because the 
EBITDA gets covered up in the profit that the hotel operates. So, a lot of the hotels in the 
starting last, last year, 3 of them, like, say, Jamnagar, Sambhaji Nagar, and others, which were 
new, those basically have taken a hit on EBITDA, at that quarter. But they get panned out, like, 
right now, you are seeing them adding positively to the EBITDA. So, this is quite natural, sir. 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prashant Sethia, from Hastakshar. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Sethia:  
I just had a question. Given the legacy that we have, and the brand loyalty, are there any plans 
to sort of get into high growth at adjacencies which is like standalone F&B, or cloud kitchen, 
etc. and secondly, what is the mix in terms of leased and owned property in the existing 
portfolio and the upcoming portfolio? Thank you.  

 
Page 17 of 19 
Vishal Kamat:  
So, sir, we have no intentions to go into cloud kitchen, or into any segment like that. That 
segment, sir, is a different segment altogether, and it is not something suited for us. We are a 
brand. So, why would I want to hide my name in a cloud, where I am unknown? I would rather, 
in fact, come in front comfort and say, here is Orchid, here is IRA, here is my South of vindhyas 
restaurant, and take advantage of the fact that people want me. So, we do not have any 
interest in per se a cloud kitchen. Secondly, in terms of the, what you asked in terms of the 
standalone restaurants, we do have some standalone restaurants. We operate a standalone 
restaurant at Konark Sun Temple. We operate a standalone restaurant in Puri and near the 
beach. We operate a few standalone restaurants. We may look at certain standalone 
restaurants further, but there is no active plan to go after it. It has to be able to one, make 
financial sense to be extremely near us to be able to operate in an effective manner. The 
problem when you do a standalone is that the cost is okay. That is one side, but the quality 
management becomes a big issue. So, we would be basically the standalones we have right 
now are more or less where we have operational hotels. We can support it because we do not 
want someone to come and not get the same what we expect them to. So, standalone and that 
is how basically we are not looking at it actively, but few opportunities have come and we have 
taken those, like I said, of these 2 places. We also do, by the way, which is part of the hotel 
revenue. It is not a separate head. We do caterings. We do some level of caterings. We do some 
level of outdoor catering or some exclusive catering, but it is a very niche thing, not a very big 
revenue stream and we are not focused on it, but we do that just to tell you. So, that is  how 
the banqueting helps that way. 
Prashant Sethia: 
And the owned and leased properties, if you can just give. 
Vishal Kamat:  
Owned and leased. What do you want to break up? The break up is in our chart. We have 
already in our thing, the owned and leased is there mentioned in our presentation. So, in 
interest of time, because almost one hour is over. So, in interest of time, I would request that 
you look at the chart. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
We'll take our next question from the line of Ruzmik Oza from 9 Rays EquiResearch. Please go 
ahead.  
Ruzmik Oza: 
Thanks for the opportunity. We are adding around 380 rooms next fiscal year. I just wanted 
color on what could be the occupancy in the first year, because these are all new destinations 
and 3 of them are orchid and 2 are era. Just blended what could be the occupancy in the first 
year of these properties? What could be the average room realization and since these are new 
properties, and as you said there will be a lot of expenses in terms of promoting these 
properties. What could be the first year EBITDA margins of these new properties that are 
coming up in next fiscal year? That's it. 
Vishal Kamat:  
So, sir, I will give you just a thumb rule. Basically, broadly, they will have around 60 to 65 
percent occupancy because the first-year stabilization takes some time. So, it will be fair 

 
Page 18 of 19 
enough to take 60 to 65 percent occupancy. EBITDA, you can take it around 30 percent. Okay 
and room revenues will be varying for each of the markets, okay, wherever they are opening 
based on whatever the market should be. So, that is the broad take on that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prakash Andilya, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Prakash Andilya: 
First of all, I must congratulate you on setting a good set of numbers. My question is regarding 
from, sir, we are focusing on digital and strengthening the digital media, sales and online 
marketing. 
Vishal Kamat:  
Yes. 
Prakash Andilya: 
My question is from that, sir, what is the revenue share through digital media and media sales 
and what is the Company's target on that? 
Vishal Kamat:  
From all digital put together, sir, all the digital what you are seeing, okay, it would be prudent 
for me to say that approximately 150 crore is the revenue that comes from the digital streams, 
which includes your website, your orchid reward program, your online marketing travel agents 
like MakeMyTrip, Booking.com, ClearTrip, Agoda, Yatra, all these people, they are put together 
would be basically the broad figure which I have given. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Trisha Kansara, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Trisha Kansara:  
I had a doubt in the 100-crore guidance that the management gave. So, I am assuming that this 
100-crore guidance is excluding the one-time provision reversal that we took in this quarter, 
which is around 8.8 crores. Just wanted to confirm that. 
Vishal Kamat:  
 Yes, madam. 
Trisha Kansara:  
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Chandan Mishra from Finvestors. 
Please go ahead. 
Chandan Mishra: 
Sir, my follow-up question with respect to IRA occupancy rate, sir. Sir, IRA occupancy rate 
reported this quarter is 71 percent, which is decreased from 76 and yearly 77 percent. It is not 
a bad number, but is there some reason for this decrease, sir? 
Vishal Kamat:  
Sir, basically some new hotels had also got this thing added up, Noida has been added in 
November, then that has basically impacted the overall drop of the brand IRA in terms of the 

 
Page 19 of 19 
occupancy. So, IRA by Orchid Noida is one of the reasons. But overall, sir, the occupancy has 
been very good in the other hotels. But we are showing a matrix, that is why, sir. 
 Chandan Mishra: 
Sure, sir. One more question. Revenues here from F&B segment, if you give some light on that. 
Vishal Kamat:  
It is 40 percent, sir. Broadly, hotel-to-hotel, it fluctuates between 30 and 45 percent. We have 
also given it in our presentation. There is a matrix which is there, which is around 37-63 as a 
whole Company, whereas we have also given this revenue mix of the things. It is on page 
number 4 of the Company overview. You can please see that, sir. The other details also are 
there. 
Chandan Mishra: 
Thank you, sir. Congratulations. 
Vishal Kamat:  
I am grateful. Also, moderator, if we can take maybe the last one question and we can end 
because in the interest of time. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
There are no further questions. You may give your closing comments. First, I think I am very 
grateful to all who have taken the time out today and midday and come to listen to us. Many 
good questions were asked. I am very happy that some of the people who are there are repeat 
people. They take so much personal interest and always they are there. So, I am grateful to all 
our well-wishers, all our supporters, and all you people who take the time out and follow us 
and guiding us to improve. Thank you with that and I hope that this year-ending will be again a 
happy time for all of us. Thank you. Namaskar. 
Moderator:  
So, on behalf of Kamat Hotels India Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and now you may disconnect your lines.  
