 
 
Ref No: 108/2024-25 
 
Dated: 18th January, 2025 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051. Tel No.: 2659 8235 
Fax No.: 26598237/ 26598238 
Trading Symbol: ANANDRATHI 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Tel no.: 22721233 
Fax No.: 22723719/ 22723121/ 22722037 
Scrip Code: 543415 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Q3 & 9M FY2025 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
We are enclosing herewith copy of the transcript of the Company’s Q3 & 9M FY2025 
earnings conference call dated 14th January, 2025. The transcript is also available on 
the Company’s website at https://www.anandrathiwealth.in/financial.php 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rajesh Bhutara 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Enclosed: As above 
 
ANAND RATHI WEALTH LIMITED 
(Formerty known as 'Anand Ratl"II Wealth Services Limited) 
Private Wealth. uncompllcaled 
AMFI-Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
GIN No.: L67120MH1995PLC086696 
Registered Office; Floor No. 10, A Wing, Express Zone, Western Express Highway, Goregaon {E), Mumbai - 400 063 
Board Line No.: 022 6281 7000 I Website: anandrathiwealth.in 
Corporate Office : Floor No. 2 & 3, Block B & C, E Wing, Trade Link, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, 
Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 I Board Line No.: 022 69815400/69815401 I Website: anandrathiwealth.in 
RAJESH 
KUMAR 
BHUTARA
Digitally signed by 
RAJESH KUMAR 
BHUTARA 
Date: 2025.01.18 
18:12:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 14, 2025 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
• MR. FEROZE AZEEZ – DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
• MR. JUGAL MANTRI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
• MR. CHETHAN SHENOY – HEAD, PRODUCT AND RESEARCH  
• MR. RAJESH BHUTARA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
• MR. VISHAL SANGHAVI – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 
C 
H 
O 
R 
L 
L " 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 2 of 28 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY25 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Anand Rathi Wealth Limited. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Feroze Azeez, Deputy CEO of 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good afternoon, everyone, for joining us in the 
Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and 9M ended 31st December 
2024. We are all joined with our Group CFO, Jugal Mantri, Product and 
Research Head, Mr. Chethan Shenoy, CFO, Rajesh Bhutara, Head 
Investor Relations, Mr. Vishal Sanghavi.  
Let me give you a quick highlight of the company's performance. During 
the 9M FY25, our consolidated total revenues grew by about 33% year-
on-year to INR 739 crores and our profit after tax increased by 34% 
year-on-year to INR 227 crores. We have achieved 75% of our revised 
revenue guidance as well of INR 980 crores on the revenue side and 
77% of our revised PAT guidance of INR 295 crores in the first 9M 
FY25. Total AUM grew by about 39% year-on-year to INR76,402 
crores.  
In alignment with our policy of rewarding shareholders, the company 
has declared a bonus share in the ratio of 1:1. We have recorded highest 
ever quarterly net flows during the last quarter in spite of sentiments not 
being the best. During 9M FY25, our total net flows registered a 
remarkable year-on-year growth of 69% reaching INR 9,145 crores. 
Equity Mutual Fund's net flows achieved year-on-year growth of about 
51% to INR 5,831 crores. Share of Equity Mutual Funds in AUM 
increased to 55% as of December 2024 as compared to 52% last 
December 2023.  
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 3 of 28 
 
We believe that our company's performance is consistent and market 
agnostic and numbers say so. If you look at the worst Nifty performance 
after we got listed was Q1 FY23 where Nifty fell 9.6% and last quarter 
Nifty fell 8.4%. However, for both the quarters, our profit grew by more 
than 33% on a year-on-year basis. The mean of the year-on-year growth 
of our last 11 quarters has been 33.8%. That's the mean quarterly year-
on-year growth we have shown. The median is 34%, which implies that 
we have almost produced a normal distributed curve and the standard 
deviation of the growth number which I'm sure is something very 
unique. Most companies don't compute this. We are very possessive 
about trying to keep consistency as one of the attributes for our 
shareholders' benefit. The standard deviation is as little as 4.3%. Our 
quarterly results growth on a year-on-year basis mean is 33.8%, median 
is 34% and the standard deviation is 4.3%. I'm trying to emphasize this 
a little more because with the limited articulation skills I possess, I 
wanted to make sure that it gets registered in the listener's mind.  
In our flagship private wealth business, the first 9M FY25, we added 
1,515 new client families on net basis, bringing our total number of 
client families to 11,426. Client attrition rate in terms of AUM lost for 
the 9M period was as little as 0.28%. Ideally, this client attrition number, 
we would like to see it as zero because every human being should be 
satisfied with our services. That's an aspiration which we try to always 
aim for. But nevertheless, 0.28% is a smaller number relative to what 
industry sees.  
We have added 61 new relationship managers on net basis over the past 
12 months, bringing our total RM count to 383. In the last quarter, we 
have achieved near zero regret RM attrition. We have lost one RM who 
had an AUM greater than INR 40 crores, which we call regret attrition. 
So over the last six quarters, this is the first attrition. So 5 previous 
quarters, we had zero regret RM attrition. And the last quarter, we had 
one RM who left -- who had greater than 40 crores of assets, which we 
think is the threshold to cross the bridge of wealth management.  
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 4 of 28 
 
Digital wealth business, which is a B2B2C platform, registered an AUM 
growth of 23% year-on-year to Rs 1,827 crores. The number of clients 
increased 24% to 5,772. The OFA business, Omni Financial Advisor 
business, which is abbreviated as OFA, which is a SaaS platform, has 
6,273 subscribers with platform assets of INR1.4 lakh crores at the end 
of 9M FY25.  
Now I would love to hand over the call to Jugal Sir, who's our group 
CFO, to take us through the financial performance. Jugal Sir, it will be 
great if the audience could hear you. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Thank you very much, Feroze Bhai. Good afternoon to everyone. And 
wish you all the first festival of the new calendar year. Happy Makar 
Sankranti. Happy Pongal. Happy Lohri to all of you.  
First, I will speak about Q3 FY25 consolidated financial performance. 
Our consolidated total revenue for the Q3 FY25 stood at INR 244 crores 
compared to INR 187 crores in Q3 FY24, registering a healthy growth 
of 30% Y-o-Y. The trail revenue was INR 109 crores in Q3, registering 
a strong Y-o-Y growth of 52% from INR 72 crores in last year's same 
quarter. Our profit after tax stood at INR 77 crores, registering a 33% 
Y-o-Y growth compared to INR 58 crores in Q3 FY24. Profit after tax 
margin for Q3 FY25 was at 31.7% as compared to 31% for Q3 FY24.  
Now I will take you all through first 9M FY25 financial performance. 
The revenue for 9M FY25 stood at INR 739 crores compared to INR 
555 crores in 9M FY24, registering a 33% Y-o-Y growth. Mutual fund 
distribution revenue, which is the trail revenue, registered a strong 
growth of 63% Y-o-Y to INR303 crores in 9M FY25. Profit after tax 
also grew by 34% Y-o-Y to INR227 crores for 9M FY25 compared to 
INR169 crores for 9M FY24. Profit after tax margin was 30.7% for 9M 
FY25, improved from 30.5% for 9M FY24. Return on equity on an 
annualized basis stood at 44.8% for 9M FY25.  
This is all on the financial performance front. Over to you Sejal for the 
next session of question and answer. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 5 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Bhavin 
Pande from Athena Investments. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Congratulations, team, on a wonderful set of performance. Happy New 
Year and greetings of Makar Sankranti to our entire team at Anand 
Rathi. My first question was around operating margins. We can see that 
at least for the past few quarters, our operating margins have been 
highest. So the term that we all were looking for a few quarters back, 
operating leverage, has it started kicking in somehow? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, Bhavin, good morning. Thank you for your question. See, of 
course, there's some degree of operating leverage which has kicked in. 
But we as a business believe that we have a target of 40%-41% of PBT. 
If operating leverage kicks in, we are going to reinvest that to ensure that 
this kind of growth which we have shown for the last 13 quarters after 
getting listed, or for probably 14 years since we've started this business, 
continues for longest periods of time. To answer your pointed question, 
as a shareholder, you expecting a larger operating leverage is not 
something I would like to create as an expectation for you, because we 
are still scratching the surface in this business, and we believe in a life 
cycle of a business. 
 
In the initial part, you reinvest to make sure there's longevity to growth 
rather than efficiency in terms of operating margins. Does that answer, 
Bhavin. I'm very diplomatically trying to answer because I don't want 
you to create an expectation of our operating leverage, in spite of having 
seen it for the last 1 or 2 quarters. 
Bhavin Pande: 
No, no, I was just trying to get a brief perspective. Second thing, Feroze, 
on the macro front, all the high-frequency indicators are sort of 
manifesting themselves into a delayed rate cut cycle, which brings me 
to our structured product, where one of the ideal scenarios is high 
interest rates, which, in my opinion, might prevail for a while. So how 
are we looking at that? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Okay, higher interest rates. Okay, perfect. So firstly, from a structured 
product standpoint, unfortunately, I have to get a little technical. See, 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 6 of 28 
 
what happens is, in a structured product, firstly, the NBFC, which is our 
sister company, which is Anand Rathi Global Finance, does not borrow 
at aggressive rates at all. The implied costs of borrowing in those 
products are going to be very low because why am I calling it the implied 
cost? Because if there's optionality, a person can't just optically decipher 
what's the borrowing cost. The implied borrowing cost could be with a 
spread of not more than 1% with the G-Sec of the corresponding period. 
If that's the kind of low margins vis-a-vis G-Sec, NBFC borrows at, 
because the money has to be kept safe. So there's hardly any headroom 
for a reduction in interest rates. Having said which, when you actually 
embed a derivative, there is some degree of neutrality to interest rates. 
What happens is, the derivatives are priced as per the rho of the 
derivative, by which I mean the carry cost also comes down. So if 
interest rates come down in the structured product which we design, 
which are put spread sell, and that's how you express the long position 
in the derivative side, the cost of carry also comes down. In fact, if the 
repo rate comes down, the cost of carry, which is nothing but the roll 
cost of the futures or the synthetic futures market, reduces. So let's 
assume, if I have to try and make it a little more simpler, if there's an 
interest rate reduction of 1% on the NBFC side, if at all, which is 
hypothetical, then the rho, which is nothing but the 1% reduction of the 
carry cost also comes down. So there is a reasonable amount of 
neutrality between the row of the derivative and the interest rates of the 
NBFC, which are there in the product. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay, I understood. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Because your roll cost decreases just like the repo rate decreases. If repo 
is at 6.5% and it was 4.5% on 3rd April 2020, after COVID, it was 
brought down. From there on, roll cost would be higher because the repo 
is higher. So in fact, this is very good news if repos are brought down, 
10-year G-Sec isn't going to move down. Because today, India has seen 
the flattest yield curve in the history of at least me being born. So the 
point I'm trying to get to is, a reduction in interest rate may not reduce 
the interest rate borrowing cost but can definitely reduce the roll cost. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 7 of 28 
 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay, okay. And Feroze, so flows numbers, they have defied the odds 
to a larger extent. So how do we look at the contribution? Is it more of 
an increased wallet share from existing customers, or new families have 
also contributed equally? 
Feroze Azeez: 
In fact, both, sir. If I have to answer your question, see, let me not answer 
it in the typical way an analyst is given an answer. I am just going to tell 
you, conceptually, what happens is bad markets make us look better. 
Because we run a model portfolio which has a beta of nothing greater 
than 0.6 - 0.65 with Nifty. Whereas people in good times also plant 
several aggressive strategies. When the tide turns, then the risk 
fructifies. So the point I'm trying to make is, bad quarters collection is 
generally given. When there is a headwind in the industry, I get a 
tailwind. Because somebody's win is somebody's loss. That's how you 
distinguish between a good and a bad advisor. And if you go to the first 
quarter of this financial year, nobody optically, if you showed him five 
statements, nobody would be able to decipher who was the best. But in 
a quarter like last quarter, risk adjusted return is apparent to naked eye. 
So bad quarters help us similarly to what happened about 4 or 5 quarters 
back when the markets were bad. 
 
Now coming to, is this penetration on new clients. In fact, we tried to 
increase our threshold of onboarding a client. We were first okay to 
accept INR 50 lakhs, now we accept only INR 1 crore, at least for new 
clients whom we add. In spite of that, we started seeing that people are 
ready to give us larger money than we were hesitant to ask them. So that 
has created some degree of fillip. And I think wallet share increase and 
the mathematical way we are trying to establish. Now, for example, if 
someone were to come and tell me, why do I do mutual funds with you? 
I take his 10-year transactions and show him. If he just followed my 
model portfolio, which is audited by one of the Big Four’s and also in 
the public domain, if he followed, how richer or how poor would he be? 
That's why in spite of giving no discounts, we've been able to collect 
INR 800 - INR 900 crores in equity mutual funds for the last quarter 
(monthly average). And that should continue. I'm sure that's what you 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 8 of 28 
 
want to know. And I think it'll get forced. Meaning, it will increase, the 
rate at which it increases. So the acceleration will be higher, not just the 
velocity. 
Bhavin Pande: 
That's great, Feroze and pretty much encouraging. Good luck and 
congrats again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nemin Doshi from 
Geojit PMS. Please go ahead. 
Nemin Doshi: 
Hi, team, and congratulations on a great set of numbers. Firstly, I just 
wanted to get some idea as to how are we seeing our SIP flows 
increasing from a quarter-on-quarter basis? How has this trend been 
shaping for the current quarter as to are we seeing any redemption 
pressure or there have been an increasing volatility, as you mentioned? 
So how are we seeing trends over there? And secondly, with respect to 
our digital wealth platform, what are the various initiatives which would 
be driving this business ahead? 
Feroze Azeez: 
So when it comes to trends, in our business we try to make sure that we 
are not trend dependent. Firstly, because you're speaking to the same 
11,467 families, we first spend a couple of years for them to think like 
us. So we keep designing their mind to long-term, to prepare them to 
fall. See, if I try and prepare a person for a fall when the fall is 
happening, It will look like a justification. So we prepare them, and we 
take the cheque. That stands us apart. 
 
When I am taking a check of INR 10 crores, I will tell him, Sir, 
remember, the market gives a 10%-15% drop every year. If you don't 
have the preparation in your mind, then please keep this cheque in your 
drawer. This is how we try and prepare them before the fall. So coming 
back to the most important question which you asked, how do we see 
this trend? We see this trend; we are putting in effort for a 30% - 40% 
growth in net mobilization rate. So if we have collected INR 3,500 
crores this quarter, I am just simply rounding it off. I would like to see 
INR 4,500 crores - INR 5,000 crores for the same quarter next year at 
least. When I model my business to get to INR  2 lakh crores, I will 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 9 of 28 
 
model only 10% to 12% increase in the net mobilisation. But am I 
preparing for a 50% increase in net mobilization every year for the next 
three years at least? The answer is yes. Will I achieve that? Only God 
knows. Will the effort be there? I am sure so. 
Nemin Doshi: 
Perfect, perfect, perfect. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishna Raghavan, who 
is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Krishna Raghavan: Hi, thank you. Hi, Feroze. Feroze, we have a substantial investment in 
your stock, close to six digits. I don't mind holding it forever, but off late 
when I look at the valuations, it's significantly higher compared to an 
HDFC AMC, or a 360 One. So I am a little tempted to keep looking at 
it very often. So I am just trying to understand are these deep valuations 
justified? 
Feroze Azeez: 
See, market gives you valuation. When it was at 13 P/E, some analysts 
told me that I am very expensive. Now, when I am 13 P/E, more than 
the next second best in terms of valuation, I am still expensive. Mr. 
Krishna, let me answer this question, not as a part of the company, but 
as a shareholder. See, I personally think markets always discount future 
and not present. So there are 4 - 5 things which stand us apart. In fact, 
there was one report which came last week, which was comparing 12, 
13 businesses across wealth management, asset management, in India 
and globally. One thing which I was happy to note on the two X and Y 
axis, Anand Rathi stood out. ROE was the highest out of those 12 - 14 
businesses which were listed on that graph and PEG, PEG, which is P/E 
to the per unit of growth, how much PE are you paying? It was 0.8 in 
that report. It was one of the reports. It is Ventura report if I am not 
wrong? So I don't know. 
 
So what I am trying to get to is, Krishna, one is PE. If you look at PEG, 
I look at PEG as a shareholder. PEG is less than one, which I think is 
okay. But from a more business standpoint, there are 3 - 4 things which 
stand out. Attrition in a people's business being near zero is something 
so unique. So whatever P/E you want to attach, market wants to attach, 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 10 of 28 
 
it is okay. But people say I am a people's business. So in a people's 
business, if people don't leave you, if somebody is tempting you with 
them with 100% rise, there must be some reason why they won't leave. 
Because the client gets the best risk-adjusted return, right? If you 
measure the Sharpe ratio of my client for the last 10 years, take the top 
100, I would be reasonably confident with the significant levels of 
upwards of 90% that there would be very few Sharpe ratios on wealth 
management industry, which would beat my average of the top 100, vis-
a-vis any other wealth managers top 100 class. So that's why attrition is 
low. That stands out, I'm just trying to highlight.  
No new product launch, okay? We have not launched a new product. 
Like we've done the same old product, 1,000 times, 1,500 times, the 
same structure product. So no newness and business continuity is 
something unique. Generally, even if somebody is manufacturing cars, 
he launches a new car and then the revenues go up. Maintain, same 
products, trying to put the business on autopilot stands unique. Does it 
deserve any incremental premium valuation? I don't know. Only market 
knows and you know.  
 
The third is consistency. It's something which is so unique, I think, 
because I was looking at how results of other companies swing between 
plus 30 and minus 10 and plus 20. We have delivered mean, median of 
33% and 34% for 11 quarters, which if you did for the NSE 500 
companies, which we are a part of, you'll be surprised. How many 
fingers would you need to count that kind of low volatility in growth 
numbers? That's one. Agnostic market results. Most people I speak to in 
the industry say, you are financial services. The market has gone, you 
have gone. The market will sit, you will also sit. So last quarter, the 
market sat a little, but you didn't sit. So we're giving agnostic, market 
agnostic results unique for a financial services business. That's why our 
stock has delivered a 0.42 beta because it's a little more market agnostic.  
These are some of the reasons which make me feel happy about. Does it 
justify any premium? Maybe discount? I don't know. But I can just tell 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 11 of 28 
 
you as a shareholder what I see unique in this business. If I have added 
a few lakhs shares after it has got listed, this is what I saw.  
Krishna Raghavan: Great. That's comforting. Thank you, Feroze. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Ashar from 
Growth Sphere Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Manan Ashar: 
Hi, sir. Congrats for a great set of numbers. Sir, I just had two questions. 
The first one was from the passive fund industry perspective. So when 
we see the passive fund as an industry, how is the industry trend 
currently basically shaping up? Because we are seeing a kind of efficient 
market in terms where everything is getting priced in and there's a lot of 
effort which is basically pushed from analysts' side. So how do you think 
the active versus passive fund industry will compete and how the 
industry will shape up in the future going forward from here? Basically 
in terms of competition against active mutual funds and active products 
that we provide to our HNI families. 
Feroze Azeez: 
So I personally think the trend from an industry standpoint is clear that 
the ratio of passive will go up. If you are speaking about smart beta 
strategies, some people will get wrapped on the knuckles for smart beta 
strategies. Because everybody has back-tested them. Nobody has used 
Monte Carlo simulation to front-test this. And I have tested some beta 
strategies, smart beta strategies using a simulator. So point is, will the 
industry gravitate towards passive? The answer is yes. Because most of 
my competitors believe in low-cost, low-value strategy. But let me now 
come to Anand Rathi Wealth Limited. We don't do anything which is 
trend-based. I have not sold an NFO. I have not sold any other product 
than mutual fund and structure product. That was not the trend. I have 
never touched an unlisted stock. You will not find one direct code client 
of mine. You will not find ETF more than 0.2% or 0.3%. It is different 
if someone has bought using my code. So Anand Rathi Wealth and 
industry may not match.  
So as a shareholder, I am just giving you, my disclaimer. If you are 
trying to derive Anand Rathi Wealth - margin, business, strategy, 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 12 of 28 
 
product offering, client benefit, from the market trend, history has 
proven that they may not be matching. So that's one thing. So industry 
will move towards passive because quite a few people don't want to 
spend energy in talking too much and taking what comes their way. I 
personally think last two years, if you look at passive, 80% of the AUM 
is between Nifty and Sensex. Let's assume all the money in passive, 
which is about 200 odd funds, all of it belong to one human being. And 
all the money, which is there in 431 active funds, belong to one human 
being. Who did better? You'll be surprised. Active did better because 
AUMs of passives are not in NSE 500. NSE 500 is an academic index 
because the smallest stock will never be able to absorb all the INR 50 
lakh crores of AUM, which will go into equity. So to answer your point 
of question, you will see more passive in the industry. You will see no 
passive in Anand Rathi till data emerges that my client will be benefited 
either with a reduced risk or an increased return. 
Mann Ashar: 
Sir, but from the industry standpoint, when we see US, basically 
bifurcation of active versus passive is approximately 60%-40%. And in 
India, it's still 85%-15%. So how do you see the numbers panning out 
going forward? Do you have any internal estimates? Or how do you see 
or how do you envisage the industry of active versus passive in terms of 
your products or in terms of industry as a whole? 
Feroze Azeez: 
See, I personally think US has two things which are very unique. One is 
US throws up more standard deviation than India. I will tell you why in 
my opinion. But coming back, US has become a valuation agnostic 
market. Because if you go passive, passive respects momentum. That's 
how indices are created. The top five stocks of either NASDAQ, S&P 
or Dow Jones, you will see --because if there's index fund investing, 
there's more money coming in. If there's more money coming in, there's 
more valuation. If there's more valuation, there's more weightage. If 
there's more weightage, there's more money coming in. So it's like that 
doll with the key. You've tightened that. That's how it is. So valuation 
agnostic market is what US has turned out to become. So passive has 
this collateral damage to a capital market that valuation and business 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 13 of 28 
 
models will have lesser respect momentum and price will have more 
respect. That's one thing which stands apart.  
Second, if you ask me the ratio, India will get there. But it will be 
ironical, and I will be saddened if India got to those ratios because a 
passive fund guy will buy whichever stock has the maximum weightage, 
irrespective of whether the price at a 100 P/E or 2 P/E, right? And I had 
be sad if we go to the US way in Indian equity markets.  
Now coming to the point of why India is throwing up. People say India 
has more volatility. This is what I am crying about as a derivative person, 
that volatility in India is lower. If you go from 22nd March 2020, which 
is when NSE brought in a circular which limited shorting in India. I think 
because there are quite a few financial services professionals here. I am 
just trying to bring your attention to one of the most important circulars. 
 
After that, S&P 500 has thrown up 18.6 standard deviation on a daily 
basis and Nifty has thrown up 18% standard deviation. In spite of S&P 
500 representing 50% of world's market cap, throwing up a more 
standard deviation than Nifty, which is 4% of world's market cap is 
because of that circular which ideally was one day before the lockdown. 
I am just trying to create curiosity for you to read that circular up. You 
can't short more than 500 crores in Indian market. So I am very positive 
about Indian markets because it's a more investor-friendly market than 
a speculator-friendly. When real estate you can't short, why should 
equity, which is another growth asset, have unlimited shorting 
capability? That's why if somebody today, any of us have INR 4 lakhs 
in our account and I want to buy a Thursday put option, the last one, 
which is INR 1, you will not be permitted to spend more than INR 2.5 
lakhs of premium on buying that because you will beat the INR 500 
crores notional, Nifty being at 23,000.  
So coming back to your pointed question, I see passive happening, but I 
think Indian markets are going to be very different. They're going to be 
different because of this circular becoming tightened from 1st of April. 
And if the circular was supposed to be withdrawn, I won't bore the group 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 14 of 28 
 
with that circular being highlighted, but on 1st of April, this will become 
an intraday circular from a day-end circular, which will make the 
markets more stable. 
Manan Ashar: 
I got it. Sir, one of the discount-broking houses has recently entered into 
passive funds and are aggressively distributing as well. They have also 
basically got a significant AUM and are going towards AMC. How do 
you see the competition shaping up from that direction? Because those 
guys have already figured out the distribution side of the products. 
Feroze Azeez: 
I am not too worried about competition because if it is good for my 
client, I will embrace it. And I know how to, as a business, add enough 
value in a business where the best and the worst equity fund has a 
performance difference. For last calendar, if I'm not wrong, 42%. If I 
want to earn 1% in such a dispersed universe, then I think even if I go 
passive, I will be able to charge that from the client. So it doesn't bother 
me, but competition definitely makes us become more mathematical and 
because if I have to say no to passive, I need to have a story of 
mathematics rather than English. 
 
So if you see, why did INR 800 crores get collected when passive is 
taking most of the share? Now if you see, sectoral funds took the 
maximum share last year. If you look at INR 15,000-INR 16,000 crores 
of sectoral inflows in the last month of December, AMFI number says. 
I am not doing sectoral, I didn't do NFOs, but I still sold something as 
mundane as the same 14 schemes to everybody and that too rich people 
who don't like standardization because it makes them feel that they're 
not as big as they are.  
Manan Ashar: 
Got it, sir. Okay. It means, you are not very worried about the 
competition coming from that trend? 
Feroze Azeez: 
I am waiting so that I can get a little more mathematical than where I am 
today. 
Manan Ashar: 
Okay, got it. That's it, sir. Thank you so much. All the very best, sir. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 15 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir. Congrats for a good set of numbers. So, sir, 
just two - three questions. So one is data keeping. So mostly in this 
quarter, what were the flows, both primary and secondary, in our 
structure product? Second, given the market conditions, when the 
markets look weak, then how do we see mobilization on both fronts? 
Like while the flows in equity are not so great, how do you see the flows 
in the structured products in the next one year or so? 
Feroze Azeez: 
So firstly, Jugal sir will be the best person to answer. 
Jugal Mantri: 
So as far as concerned with the mobilization in the primary issuances, 
this quarter, there was INR 1,347 crores were mobilized in non-principal 
protected structure product, which was like last year comparable. It was 
INR 1,231 crores. And as far as concerned with the secondary structure 
product, it was INR 589 crores in Q3 FY25 compared to INR 427 crores 
Y-o-Y. And if we look at the 9M FY25 number, then it was INR4,630 
crores primary against about INR 4,000 crores in 9M FY24. And 
secondary was about INR 1,546 crores against INR 960 crores. 
Lalit Deo: 
And the second question was on the flow side in the structured products, 
like over the next 12 months, like how should we see given the markets, 
the behavior? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Okay, shall I answer this Jugal sir or you want to take it?  
Jugal Mantri: 
No, no, you can continue.  
Feroze Azeez: 
So the flows will be good. Owing to the fact that quite a few analysts 
were worried last year saying that this year there is no maturity. How 
will they survive? How will there be growth? So next year again, since 
we had moved from 3 year to 5 year in the year August 2020, if I am not 
wrong. So this was a lull year of maturity. So next year again, those 
maturities start happening.  
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 16 of 28 
 
So if you look at my gross mobilization, which is maturity plus my new 
clients - new business and some degree of realignment, all three buckets 
can fire. Last year means the year which we are sitting in, which we have 
9 months gone by. So I think next financial year I am more positive 
because all the three cylinders can fire. This year, the main cylinder was 
not there, but still God was very kind. So we have got some growth 
numbers, which we had projected and realigned. 
 
Now come to the second part is that we are adding more clients with a 
larger size. See, when you add a new client with INR 50 lakhs, because 
INR 1 crore was the minimum for structure -- is the minimum for 
structured products, the new clients couldn't subscribe to structured 
products, to their underlined portfolios. After we said that we want INR 
1 crore, people have started giving us INR 2-INR 2.5 crores.  
So new clients also now have the capability with our little push of 
minimum thresholds being higher, to begin with structured products. So 
my three cylinders, new clients structured product purchase, maturity 
and some degree of realignment, all have headroom. So I really pray to 
the Lord that whatever guidance we end up giving in the next quarter, 
we are able to again live up to that DNA, which we have under commit 
over them. 
Jugal Mantri: 
And what, Feroze bhai, you said that we have been like, it is based on 
the advice, normally what happens that it is targeted that the client 
should hold between 25% to 30% of their AUM into market link 
debentures. So as long as we are confident in the AUM growth, this will 
have the consequential, similar positive impact on the mobilization of 
MLD also. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Absolutely. Thanks, Jugalji. This is the main point, actually. The sub 
point is what I spoke of. 
Lalit Deo: 
Right. I just wanted to have some of that color on the equity and the 
flow. So like in this quarter, we have, like on a sequential basis, we have 
done very well. So just wanted to understand like, how should we look 
at this next flow in the equity mutual fund over the next 1 year as well. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 17 of 28 
 
Feroze Azeez: 
Our net flows, so you would see some degree of staticness in our net 
flows. So in the sense, if we are collecting INR 800 crores, last quarter, 
how much did we collect equity flows?  
Jugal Mantri: 
INR 2,700 crores. 
Feroze Azeez: 
INR 2,700 crores. About INR 850 - INR 900 crores, right. So will that 
be the rate at which we will collect the money? Yes, because we have 
promised people, not promised, promised is a very strong word. We 
have indicated that our aspiration is to take our market share to 4% in 
the total AUM. For me to have a market share of 4%, there are two things 
which influence market share. I should collect at a rate greater than the 
industry's rate of collection. And my model portfolio should perform 
better than the average performance of equity mutual funds. 
 
Correct? So if you see our model portfolio of 14 schemes has beaten 
Nifty by about 7.5% - 8% till day before yesterday in this financial year 
in absolute terms. So that gives me more market share in AUM. So to 
answer your pointed question, will the thrust continue? The answer is 
yes, because we have tried to have a desire to get to 4% market share in 
the next few years in Indian mutual fund category three as per AMFI. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srinath Sridhar from 
Infinite Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Srinath Sridhar: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So when you mean by take your market 
share to 4%, so currently it's around INR 42,000 crores. So out of a 30-
lakh crores equity mutual fund basket, so it's around 1.4%, right? So by 
when do you target to achieve a 4%? 
Jugal Mantri: 
Mr. Sridhar, I think you have got the old number. Currently our mutual 
fund AUM is about INR 46,000 crores. To be precise, it is INR 45,875 
crores. Out of this INR 41,738 crore is in equity mutual fund. 
Srinath Sridhar: 
Right. So overall industry is around INR30 lakh crores, right?  
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 18 of 28 
 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. Sir, we are speaking of the active. So category three, how many are 
there, Vishal? So irrespective, so whatever be the... Of course, it's a very 
uphill task because we are only 383 people and there are lakhs of people 
in the ARN, right? We just one ARN with 383 current representatives. 
We are the private banking business. But I think what is happening is, 
people are, at least in our industry, are moving their monies to AIFs, 
long only. But we are speaking to mutual funds. 
 
As of now, our market share is 3.37. 1.37, sorry, 1.37. Beginning of the 
year, how much was it? It was 1.29 right? So it will be a sticky number. 
A couple of years back, it was 1%, 1.01%. So I don't know, it might take 
a decade. It might take a decade and a half. It might take 5 years. But 
yes, that kind of periods, I don't know. But that's the aspiration. 
 
So first, to get that, I at least need to have a - my market share in NetFlow 
is 4.8% without SIP. So before reaching the net share of AUM, I mean, 
in my net, if industry is collecting 100, should I at least start collecting 
4-5? That's what we are...First step was that. So don't know, sir, 15 years, 
10 years, but that's our aspiration. 
Srinath Sridhar: 
Right. So my other question is, on the MF trail, so you made around 
0.74% last year, in the 9 months in the last year, and it's around 0.88% 
this year. Can you just explain that increase in MF trail in the current 
year? Is it just due to the increase in the market gone up, so AUM has 
gone up? Have we moved our model portfolio to smaller AMCs where 
the trail is higher? 
Feroze Azeez: 
No, sir, we don't do anything. No, smaller AMCs or smaller schemes 
because it is at scheme level still. There was a circular last December, 
but that didn't get implemented. So AU trails are or expenses are scheme 
dependent, not even AMC dependent that is point one. Point two, you 
might be dividing... My model portfolio, 14 schemes, I can tell you as 
transparently as it could get, 1.09% post-GST is my trail. If I brought in 
a crore, I earn INR 1,09,000 post-GST in a year. If there was no market 
movement up or down.  
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 19 of 28 
 
Now what you're maybe calculating my yield is on the basis of the year 
end or the quarter end number. And trails are calculated on average 
assets per AMC. That's our 1.09 is what is our trail. That's the stated 
trail. Of course, markets could move up and down and some degree of -
- pardon me for a tolerance of 2 paisa this way, that way. 
Srinath Sridhar: 
All right, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nihar Dave from IIFL 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nihar Dave: 
Good afternoon, everyone. So my question and apologies if it's already 
been asked. My audio is a bit spotty, so I may have missed it. So what 
is the gross inflows into structured products for the 9 months and this 
quarter?  
Jugal Mantri: 
The 9M we have shared with you, it was INR 4,630 crores in primary 
compared to INR 3,994 crores last year. And for the quarter, it was INR 
1,347 crores compared to INR 1,231 crores last year in primary.  
Nihar Dave: 
All right. Thank you very much.. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arman from Blue Sky 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Arman: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Just a simple question to Feroze, sir. 
Something which you emphasize, I guess, never been answered or more 
color have never been put on, is that Standard Deviation part which you 
told which is quite exceptional. If I see just the 5-year standard deviation 
of Nifty itself is around 18% to 19%. 
 
And you said about their mean to standard deviation is just around 4.3%. 
So what does make us so exceptionally outperforming in this kind of 
that we can give consistent return with such a low standard deviation? 
What does make us that we consistently deliver quarter after quarter for 
13 quarters in spite market volatility, despite Nifty moving here and 
there, we consistently deliver this kind of standard deviation. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 20 of 28 
 
Feroze Azeez: 
So let me clarify again. So I think, sir, I missed your name. Arman. 
Arman, so when you look at any number, any variable, you can calculate 
the standard deviation for. Correct? Yes. Like Nifty has a standard 
deviation, like you rightly said, it has thrown up a daily standard 
deviation of 18. And client's portfolio standard deviation is a separate 
topic. That's not what I alluded to. If at all, I was misunderstood. If at 
all, I'm just saying.  
Now coming to the quarterly results, which we have given. So the first 
two quarters were a COVID based. So we ignored those COVID bases 
and tried to see how much we have grown year on year for a quarters. 
And there you would see that we sometimes do 31%, sometimes 32%, 
33%. The worst one I could see was. I'll just try and explain it to you. 
So bear with me. So when I say that 4.3 is the standard deviation, it is 
the standard deviation of these numbers, which I am now going to read 
out to you.  
Q4 FY23, we grew by the worst after we got listed, which was 23.4% 
year on year growth for that quarter. Okay, like that, if I look at all the 
quarters, like Q1 FY24, we grew by 34%. Q2 FY24, we grew by 34.3%. 
So if I look at all these quarterly growth, 11 data points are very few in 
a listed company's life. As time progresses, this will become more 
meaningful data. So we have grown 33% average, 33.8%, median is 
34%. And this 4.3 is nothing but the standard deviation of these 11 data 
points. Yes, right. I'm just trying to make sure that nobody 
misunderstands me. So does it answer? Why are we able to do that? 
Now, let me come to the actual question. 
Arman: 
Yes, that was very clear. That's why I'm telling, because in this 11 
quarter or 12 quarters or 13 quarters, which is the data which you are 
telling about, this is, if we see just Nifty or maybe any other listed 
companies in the same business, that will be, I'm sure a few of the 
companies I have read, they are more than 15%. So that's what makes 
us exceptional. So what we are doing exceptionally well in spite of doing 
the same work which everyone else is doing. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 21 of 28 
 
Feroze Azeez: 
Everybody has their uniqueness in their own right. Okay, right or 
wrong? Okay, I would so now, let me tell you why. There are two things. 
One is this business has a huge advantage, where I am speaking to the 
same 11,467 people quarter on quarter. If I was selling a commodity, 
which was hard, whether it was a physical commodity, phones, cars, I 
would be speaking to about 11,000 different customers every year, every 
quarter. So that's one huge benefit in this business. Now, do you 
capitalize on that benefit is a separate story. 
 
Second, if you adopt a portfolio approach, not a product approach, then 
like Jugal sir said, it's an allocation, right? I don't have to resell the same 
thing. If a person has decided to put 65% in equity mutual fund, 35% in 
structure, I don't have to again every month go and reinforce that, right? 
A client I have whom I am a relationship manager myself. I manage 
about 19 clients as a relationship manager apart from whatever else I do 
in the company. I don't have to even have a conversation with them. 
There is a maturity, it gets reinvested. 
 
So if I was going to build this business on new products, then I have to 
explain him an art fund sometime, I have to sell him a wine fund 
sometime, which I did in ABN AMRO unfortunately. So this business 
has been built on portfolio level management rather than product level 
innovation. So that is the key reason why same set of people, convince 
them on a portfolio allocation and then just manage it. You don't have 
to resell the same thing. So that's one of the key reasons or the only 
reason. And then you don't have a leaking bucket, right? 
 
You don't do RM attrition, then clients will not leave. Client attrition is 
0.28, RM attrition in 1.5 years, 1 person that also is a cleansing. I will 
not get into that, but people have to fit into my culture. If they don't fit 
into my culture, then I would let them go irrespective as a company, not 
as Feroze. I may sound pompous; I would let them go. I mean ARWL 
whom I'm speaking for. 
 
If there's no cultural fitment, commercial attractiveness doesn't lure us 
at all, right? So these are some of the reasons, no leaking bucket and 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 22 of 28 
 
portfolio level management to the same set of people, you don't have to 
re-market. If  am launching one structured product for the 2,000th time, 
do I have to again explain in the future? The collateral benefit of the 
marketing to the same person at the fourth maturity. Fourth maturity is 
30 seconds. 30 seconds are spent on email. So I am trying to cascade the 
marketing benefit by not being overly innovative at the product level. 
Arman: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Feroze Azeez: 
I tried to capture the essence. I know longish kind of answer. 
Arman: 
Yes. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil Shah from SRE 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations, Feroze and the entire team 
at Anand Rathi for such wonderful performance. Great, good to always 
hear you on a quarterly basis on the minimum side. Feroze, one data 
point that you shared, which was 4.3 standard deviation, which is about 
the profitability growth rate. That's really very, very impressive. And as 
my previous colleague also shared, so that's really very, very positive 
thing to know. 
 
And we always want to ask for more. So perhaps we could also do a 
study on the net profit margin as well and the standard deviation around 
it. So that would also be one more important message to communicate 
that not only the growth rate is secured and positive, but also the margin 
is pretty intact. Lastly, from a shareholder's point of view, the ROE ratio 
as well. So if the return on equity is also having a very low volatility, 
that also would help. We can also do the calculation at our end. Perhaps 
an exercise from your side on a quarterly basis would help us 
immensely. So a soft request on that. That was one point. 
Second is on the clients. We have almost close to 11,000 odd families 
or clients that we address to is what I understand. Is that correct? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, sir. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 23 of 28 
 
Sunil Shah: 
So how about now tapping the global markets? India has arrived and we 
have done that. We have faced volatility, everything. The ticket size that 
we are now talking about INR 1 crore in the domestic market could be 
significantly higher in the global market. And we have a track record 
which is so phenomenal of generating wealth for clients. So any 
thoughts around that? Are we looking at that as a market for the next leg 
of growth? Anything that you could share with us? 
Jugal Mantri: 
So Sunil bhai, we have got a very large presence in Dubai where we 
have got a full-fledged rep office. And in the board meeting concluded 
yesterday, it was proposed and decided that we are going to form a 
subsidiary in UK to kick start and explore the wealth management 
opportunities in UK. 
 
So, though it is going to take 6 to 9 months to have the subsidiary come 
up and it gets incorporated, but there is a plan that having successfully 
settled and come to a stage at Dubai, let us go out in other market and 
explore the same. So the plans are already approved for the same. 
Sunil Shah: 
Sure. So Jugal sir and also Feroze, now that the Gift City window is also 
opened up to serve the global clients and where we can also save on the 
tax side. So anything there where we can have a PMS or an AIF, which 
can then indirectly invest also in the mutual fund industry, meaning PMS 
or AIF, my guess is PMS can certainly do that to invest on behalf of the 
clients in the mutual fund industry, which will still further up our share 
of 1.15%, 1.2%, to slightly higher and save on taxes as well. So just a 
food for thought, just something to think upon or work on that direction 
or have we evaluated such an opportunity? Can I understand that better? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. Firstly, let me promise you that Vishalji has taken note of the 
analysis you needed and we will try and produce that on a quarterly basis 
or at least Vishal sir, you know Sunil sir, right? So we will send that to 
you. Second, I think just a comment on the positive comment you gave. 
I think we deserve to give, we are duty bound to try and be as consistent 
and predictable to a shareholder. That has always been our aspiration. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 24 of 28 
 
 
So we're trying our best to keep this standard deviation low because I 
think equity investor should have a little bit of predictability. I agree that 
FD's return is 7% fixed, second decimal. Equity, we have tried really 
best and we promise, one thing which I want to assure you is with our 
effort to bring in consistency is going to always supersede super normal 
growth in a few years, right? You can grow 70% but it's okay, but you 
have to try and bring consistency. That is what Rakesh sir, who is our 
professional guru has always guided us saying that become a little 
predictable, that's where it comes from. 
 
Coming to the ROE and margin bid. Margin, Rakesh sir says that he is 
not on the call. So let me articulate his mandate to me as one of his direct 
reports. He says, PBT should not be less than 40% and PAT should not 
be less than 30%. There we are not too worried about the volatility, but 
we are very much worried about the benchmarks. It should not be less 
than this. Even if 44 becomes 42. But that's the key mandate which is 
given to me, and I try my best to not disappoint my boss, which is 
Rakesh sir. So that I thought I should highlight. Definitely this volatility 
numbers will be computed. Jugal sir has answered that about UK 
market. 
 
Now coming to Gift City, we have this litmus test saying that, if 
someone else can do it for us, then do not do it. With that, so in the Gift 
City thing, I am talking to a couple of very - very good friends in the 
industry who run a couple of large asset management companies and if 
they have an AIF license already there, I will not try and be so possessive 
about having an Anand Rathi AIF license. 
 
We have an AIF license, the normal AIF license, which we have so far 
not used it, but that's a backup product testing platform yet. So yes, sir. 
We are thinking ahead. Especially what you mentioned, the tax benefits 
at a subsidiary level, those are also being explored. But since you have 
asked, we will work a little harder. To be honest, I did not work so hard, 
I just explored. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 25 of 28 
 
Sunil Shah: 
Sure, sure. Great to hear that. Just my two senses on what we can do as 
investors or you people running the company to be better. That was the 
only idea there. That's just food for thought. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Very useful. 
Sunil Shah: 
Sure. So thanks for the opportunity. And I am done. So operator can 
move to the next question.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just one question on if I divide your distribution of financial products 
revenue by the AUM of the non-PP SP AUM, right, the yield seems to 
be dropping consistently. OK, now, how do I look at this? And why has 
this declined? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Firstly, let's take the hypothesis whether my yield is declining 
consistently. That hypothesis might not be true if you divide it by the 
average assets. Not quarter end assets. Because market if it runs up, then 
AUM is a picture, means one click, right, at the end of the quarter. Profit 
is a movie, right? So movie will have to be compared to the movie. So 
my yield doesn't drop because we don't give discounts on yield. Even if 
the client gives INR 1000 crores, I don't give even one paise discount on 
mutual funds. You won't get a single application. 
 
So yield of our structure products which have matured, if you calculate 
the yield, yield is always per annum. However, it's been recognized 
upfront, later, all that. If I look at the yield of structure products which 
have matured at market value, it is 1.16 -17 and our mutual funds is 1.09. 
Ok, sometimes what happens is you bring a lot of raw material that could 
definitely be the reason. Sorry, I didn't highlight that. Now what happens 
is a client tells you, these are my mutual funds, these are my stocks, take 
them all. So I will do a change of broker which will eat me nothing for 
the first 6 months. So my yields will drop on an overall AUM basis. 
Because I have brought in. If I do a good job of transferring assets and 
establishing that I am a better mutual fund distributor, that drops my 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 26 of 28 
 
yield unless it gets realigned. Just because I want him in the 14-scheme 
basket, I will not book his taxes. I would want to wait till it gets into 
long term sometimes. I will never do surgical cut, right? If somebody 
says, this INR 5 crores mutual fund and you do a change of broker code. 
So we will analyze it. If we its require change of Rs 1 crore then we will 
do only INR 1 Crore now. Because I will also have to look at his tax. 
and I will also have to see that the scheme is going well, so why should 
I do it so soon? 
 
So I will not earn anything on that asset. So better my business, 
sometimes yield will drop. I am just giving you an illustration. And that's 
the most practical illustration. Because quite a few clients of ours realize 
that we are one of the okay distributors in mutual funds and they transfer 
their broker codes, change of broker, as you call it. 6 months, you earn 
nothing. Does it answer, sir? 
Prayesh Jain: 
I'll come back and probably discuss it with Vishal separately on this. 
Secondly, on the AUM bit of the structured products, how do you think 
about the growth there?  
Feroze Azeez: 
It will be in the range of 25% to 35% of my total AUM. If market drops, 
mutual fund drops, so it will show a larger number. Sometimes when 
market rise very sharply, it will show like a smaller number. Last year, 
means at the beginning of FY24, we had 29%-30% in structured 
products. Now it is lesser because the extent of mark-to-market on the 
long-only side is greater than in the structured product. So it will range 
between 25% and 35%, depending on how the market performs. But in 
a client's portfolio, it's generally in the range of 30% to 35%. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Feroze bhai, I will add to what you said on yield. Mr. Jain, as Feroze 
bhai has rightly said that as far as concerned with the yield on individual 
product, there is no change which has happened. So fact of the life is 
that the yield which I am earning, be it on equity mutual fund, or debt 
mutual fund, or on the market-linked debentures, the rates are -- in last 
3 years, it has not moved more than say a few percentage points. But 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 27 of 28 
 
what happens that when your proportion of one asset class in overall 
AUM changes, that impacts your overall average yield. 
 
So if you'll see the equity mutual fund, the mutual fund proportion, 
which has gone up from say 52% to 55%, okay, in the last 1 year, in my 
overall AUM, there you will find because of this, there is a slight drop. 
And on top of it, the second point which Feroze bhai has already added, 
that you will have to consider the daily average balances of the mutual 
fund AUM. And if you calculate the yield, that will give a clear picture 
instead of taking only the period-ended number. So anyway, you are 
more than welcome to have a detailed discussion with Vishal, on the 
yield computation front. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Awesome. Just again on that AUM bit of the structured product. So you 
mentioned about mix, right? But given the interest rate trajectory and 
scenario, would you say that this is a product which could give better 
returns in the case that the interest rates would decline? And resultantly, 
you would possibly want to grow this business at a pace which could be 
better? It is unrelated to the mutual fund business. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Mr. Jain, that is not the objective. To this versus that, the overall solution 
which as Feroze bhai has explained, I think, Feroze bhai, you can repeat 
the same about the asset allocation which we have been doing instead of 
focusing on a single product. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. Mr. Jain, how we look at it, like Jugalji said, we don't do anything 
which is top-down. If my client's objective is my only reason why I exist. 
If he has to deliver 14% return with 0.6 beta, whatever helps me achieve 
that is where I will be married to. Macroeconomic, if interest rates have 
dropped in some product and my commission is going up, I won't do 
that. Even I am dying. Now coming to the point of how this works is, if 
a person has a certain objective, 14% with least risk, 13% with the least 
standard deviation possible, if there is an allocation of 65%-35%, that 
will be the allocation. 
 
We will not take a single product and say, this product is being sold, let's 
sell it. So, we have counseled in fact, Rakesh sir has sacked a person 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
  Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2025 
Page 28 of 28 
 
who had more allocation in his book for structured products. I am just 
telling you this. That's the cultural attribute. A few years back, he found 
an RM who was in the lure of upfront income, he was selling more 
proportions to his client of structured products. So, mutual funds or 
structured products not sold as a combination for a portfolio objective is 
frowned upon internally. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. That answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we will take 
this as the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Feroze 
for closing comments. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thank you so much, everyone, to join us on this call and be patient with 
us. And we hope we tried to answer your questions. If you need more 
information, Vishal Sanghavi, sir, our Investor Relations, Head and 
Rajesh Bhutara, sir, our CFO are always there. And please reach out to 
us. We are duty bound to answer them to our best ability. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Anand Rathi Wealth Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Thank you, everyone. Wish you all a happy 2025. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 
