 
 
 
Control Print Limited, C-106, Hind Saurashtra Industrial Estate, Andheri-Kurla Road, Marol Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059, India 
t. +91 22 28599065 / 66938900 | f. +91 2228528272 | e. ho@controlprint.com I w.www.controlprint.com  
CIN. L22219MH1991PLC059800 
MUMBAI (Regd.Office). AHMEDABAD. BENGALURU. CHANDIGARH. CHENNAI. COLOMBO. DELHI. GUWAHATI 
HYDERABAD. JAMSHEDPUR. KOLKATA. NALAGARH. PUNE. 
 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
 
To, 
The Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 522295 
The Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol - CONTROLPR 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement), 
Regulations 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to above mentioned subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, read with para A of part A of 
Schedule III thereof, please find attached Transcript of the Conference Call with the 
Investors / Shareholders of Control Print Limited (the Company) fixed through Kaptify 
Consulting held on Monday, January 20, 2025 at 2.00 P.M. IST on Q3FY2025 of the 
Company. 
 
Further, the said Transcript will be made available on Company’s website at 
www.controlprint.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Control Print Limited 
 
 
 
_______________ 
Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Place: Mumbai  
 
 
Murli 
Manohar 
Thanvi
Digitally signed by Murli Manohar Thanvi 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5297, 
pseudonym=a5yqlw0g62t8xipj4bomz9erk17vnhc
d, 
2.5.4.20=677fa5f6bf2172f6b4ded0d82372674a0d2
2bfbf3d8c030a77124220e770efef, 
postalCode=342301, st=Rajasthan, 
serialNumber=d93e27ab1de4dee4c41c4b4d9da50
45dee4481ce2b6fd1866d4b97b3223fbdba, 
cn=Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Date: 2025.01.27 09:55:57 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
CONTROL PRINT LIMITED 
 
Q3 & 9MFY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
January 20, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Shiva Kabra - Joint Managing Director 
Mr. Jaideep Barve - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q3 and 9 months FY 
'25 Post Earnings Conference Call of Control Print Limited. Today on 
the call from the management, we have with us Mr. Shiva Kabra, Joint 
Managing Director; and Mr. Jaideep Barve, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. I would 
now request the management to detail us about the business 
performance highlights for the quarter, the growth plans and visions for 
the coming year, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to 
the management team. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Ya. Hello, everybody. My name is Jaideep Barve, and I'm the Chief 
Financial Officer of Control Print Limited. Welcome you all to the 
earnings conference call for the third quarter of the financial year '24-
'25 of Control Print Limited. 
 
 
We appreciate that you have taken out time from your busy schedule to 
attend this call. First of all, let me wish you and your families a Happy 
New Year. Mr. Shiva Kabra, the Joint Managing Director of Control 
Print Limited, also joins me on this call. For first-time joiners on the 
earnings call, more information about CPL can be obtained by visiting 
our website. 
 
 
Just for your information, the detailed presentation has already been put 
up on the website as well as in the Investor Presentation notification on 
the exchanges for this call. Now let me provide you with some 
highlights on the performance of CPL for the third quarter of FY '24-
'25 on a standalone basis. Revenue from operations. On a standalone 
basis, the total income for the third quarter is approximately Rs. 95 
crores. This is a good growth from approximately Rs. 84 crores in the 
third quarter of the previous year. 
 
 
Just for information, the FY '23-'24 and FY '22-'23 income was Rs. 347 
crores and Rs. 295 crores, respectively. This revenue trend actually 
augurs well for our company, and we look forward to ending FY '24-
'25 with a solid revenue. Pipes, food, dairy, steel and metal, cable and 
wire continue to be our top five verticals. We also have two divisions, 
which we are planning to focus on apart from the coding and marking. 
One is the track and trace and the other is packaging division, where 
we feel there's a lot of scope for improvement in the revenue. 
 
 
On the expenses and profitable level, I would like to state that the Q3 
COGS is a little bit higher as compared to the quarter 2 of this year and 
quarter 3 of the last financial year. The primary reason for this increase 
in COGS is because there has been a change in the product mix of the 
revenue. That said, management remains committed to optimise the 

 
procurement costs as well and we definitely look closely into the 
economy, efficiency and effectiveness of operations. This, we feel can 
definitely lead to reduction in the operating costs going forward. 
 
 
 
Employee costs, depreciation, manufacturing costs, other expenses, 
they have been incurred in line with the business needs and 
requirements. The EBITDA and the PAT growth was at negative 
1.86% and positive 5.19% on a year-on-year basis. For us, the way 
forward, we believe is increased revenue expected in the packaging 
business, both in India and overseas, better penetration in track and 
trace segment with strong orders in the pipeline. 
 
 
Our overseas subsidiaries will continue to be monitored by us with 
focused growth targets. For coding and marking, which is the main 
revenue for us, the changed sales strategy to focus on bigger and key 
accounts will definitely result in both the jump in the revenue as well as 
ensuring a good quality of revenue. Our installed base will be 
increased, and we'll focus on increasing our larger market share. 
 
With now, the floor is open for questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Jaideep. All those who wish to ask a question may use the 
option of raise hand. In case you are unable to raise hand, you may put 
a question in the chat box and we will call you to ask a question. 
Jaideep, before we move to the Q&A, could you throw some light on 
the reasons for the soft performance in the standalone business and the 
lower gross margins in Q3 and what is leading to this phenomenon? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Well, I wouldn't call this actually a soft performance because the 
revenue continues to be robust and we've got a good pipeline of orders. 
In fact, the Q4, we will be ending on a strong revenue performance on 
a standalone basis. There has been a bit of increase in the cost of goods 
sold as well as the SG expenses. For the cost of goods sold, investors 
would know that a majority of our revenue comes from consumables 
and some portion comes from the printers, the AMC services and the 
spare parts revenue. We have got a change in the product mix, so more 
number of printers have been sold in the current quarter. 
 
 
Since the cost of goods sold for the printers is higher, we find a 
reduction in the overall gross profit for the coding and marking 
division. When it comes to the increase in the overheads, which is 
basically the general and administration overheads, there has been 
some increase in the traveling expenses for sure. We've been trying to 
also put up our -- in exhibitions in India as well as overseas. So there is 
an increase in the number of exhibitions as well. And there's some bit 
of rise in expense because the Q3 has got lots of festivals. So in line 
with the Diwali or Christmas or New Year, the sales and promotional 
activities were increased in this quarter. 

 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. We have our first question from the line of Aniket. Aniket, you 
can go ahead please. 
 
Aniket: 
Yes, thank you so much. Sir, I just wanted to ask you that this time, 
you have highlighted a slide on V-Shapes, especially. So can you throw 
some light on this opportunity and potential for this product 
considering its pricing? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yes, Shiva, you want to take this question? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, sure. So I think as we discussed previously, again, if it's like a 
pretty general question, I would first ask that people explore this 
product and maybe understand a bit more about what it does, but it's a 
sort of a single use or a mono-dose format of packaging, which has 
some advantages over the current forms of packaging namely like the 
standard sachet, the thermoforms and of course, single-use plastic or 
glass bottles and other types of single-use packaging. 
 
 
So it's a different type of a technology. And of course, it's got some 
challenges of its own in terms of cost, relatively speaking, but it has 
some technical advantages and aesthetic advantages, which could give 
a fair benefit to one-off customers who use it. So it's something that 
we're developing. But it's very difficult to comment offhand on just the 
technology because you have to go like in a pretty in-depth method of 
understanding that product frankly. 
 
 
So it's somewhat similar to our existing business in that it is an IP-led 
product. It is also got a lock between the machine and the materials. So 
I would say like the closest equivalent to like tetra pack, but of course, 
tetra pack is way bigger in terms of size and scope, so which is the idea 
is to develop this product and make it a bigger product in times coming 
forward. 
 
 
I just want to mention, Jaideep, we've got three, four questions, and I 
want to answer those questions. So whatever question you receive from 
investors, let's address those before we start to address everyone's 
questions. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yes, we did receive three questions. One was on the operating cash 
flow. So as part of the MIS what we prepare, we do not have operating 
cash flow prepared on a division-wise basis, but all I can say is that 
coding and marking, which is the flagship revenue segment for our 
company, we've got a good cash flow generated out of it. 
 
 
There's no compromise on the sales price. And overall, the profitability 
looks very good on that. Another question was asked about the 
employee costs to us. So we would like to say that we are also in an 
expansion mode and there will be obviously some kind of increase in 
the salaries and also the bonuses amount or incentive amounts paid out. 

 
So we would expect an increase in the personnel costs going forward as 
well. And one more question, which was asked to us was on the 
margins or the cost of goods sold, which I've already answered 
previously. 
 
Aniket: 
Okay, okay. So different question that what is the capacity to 
manufacture the machinery for the products in India and what's the 
scale of plan about it? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Which machine are you talking about specifically? 
 
Aniket: 
V-Shapes, V-Shapes... 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. So for the V-Shapes, we're going to make the materials in India. 
That's the idea, but the machines are still being made in Italy. My 
rough guesstimate is that Italy could make about 40 machines before 
they need some sort of expansion in space. At that point of time, we'll 
start shifting some part of the manufacturing to India, but not before. 
 
 
So right now, we are far from selling 40 machines a year. So we'll just 
scale up the sales force, then we'll deal with these other issues, surely. 
But yes, that's one of the things. And the material capacity is something 
that we're going to be looking at in India. We're actively working on 
that. But it's still in the discussion stage, still more of a lab 
development kind of a stage. 
 
Aniket: 
Okay, all right. That's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I will request all participants to limit the initial round to 
two questions. We'll take the next question from Devan Kulkarni. 
Devan, you can go ahead please. 
 
Devan Kulkarni: 
Hi, Jaideep, can you share the category-wise mix for Q3, sales mix? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, Devan, definitely. For the Q3, as you are aware, we've got 
revenues into four segments: one is printers, consumables, the spares 
and the service. So the breakup for Q3 is 16%, 61%, 7% and 15% for 
printers, consumables, spares and services. And if you would like to 
have a comparative between quarter 2, it was 13%, 64%, 7% and 15%. 
 
Devan Kulkarni: 
Okay. So it seems like our consumable revenue growth has dropped 
sharply. It used to be around 15%, 16% till Q2. If I take 61% as the 
consumable mix, revenue growth for consumables would be hardly 10-
odd percent. Is that right? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
The revenue growth, you mean to say? 
 
Devan Kulkarni: 
Yeah, the revenue growth only for the consumables part, not for the 
printers. 
 

 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, it would be about 15%, yes. 
 
Devan Kulkarni: 
For the consumables? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, yeah. 
 
Devan Kulkarni: 
Okay. So can you share the same category mix for Q3 of FY '24, that is 
last year? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Q3 of FY '24, I'll have to work and get back to you, Devan, on that, but 
I can give you the previous year's breakup, which was about 16%, 
61%, 8% and 15%. But ideally the product in fact, in the consumables 
and the printers also, each of the product also has got a different type of 
costing attached and the revenue attached. 
 
 
So this actually is a very complex question because some of the inks 
are high priced, some of the inks are not high priced, some of the 
printers are high priced, others are not. So the way the product mix 
changes, it has an impact on that. 
 
Devan Kulkarni: 
Okay. So other way to put this question is, so our total revenue growth 
is around 12%. And you are saying that consumables revenue has 
grown at 15%. So ideally in that scenario, our gross margins should 
have expanded year-on-year, but they have contracted by 4%. So that's 
where I'm not able to connect the two. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So there's been sharp increase in the number of printers sold. I mean 
the delta is about 81-odd printers on a net basis. So yeah, that actually 
explains the mathematics. 
 
Devan Kulkarni: 
Okay. No, but if overall revenue growth is 12% and consumables has 
grown at 15%, then other categories, which is largely printers would 
have grown at a slower rate, right? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
No, printers like what is happening is, Devan, is that the printers, if you 
have an increase in the volume of printers sold, obviously, like the cost 
of goods sold obviously is going to be higher, and that is why the gross 
margins become lower. So from the last quarter, we have actually for 
the printers, it was about 13%, now it is up by 16%. 
 
Devan Kulkarni: 
Okay. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
If I may say something, I think more important, fundamentally there's 
no change in our selling prices or our cost prices. So like Jaideep said, 
it's a mix of product fluctuations and the sort of also the types of 
products that we are selling, so to be within the product categories and 
sort of other things, we don't disclose some exact numbers upfront. 
 
 
It's also, like I said, there are our consolidated subsidiaries, but 
everyone wants to understand those same businesses, the digital 

 
printing, the packaging business, which is the V-Shapes and so on and 
the track and trace we also do in India as part of our standalone 
business. So it's like a division within Control Print itself rather than 
having any separation. 
 
 
So a lot of times, the results of those are also coming in this existing 
business, and we have in fact promised to give a -- that's why I think 
there was a question on the cash flow and the profitability of the coding 
and marking business. 
 
 
And Jaideep, I've not got the exact cash flow. I think Jaideep will not 
read that, but the profitability of the coding and marking business has 
increased in line with the revenues or maybe better than that at least on 
an approximate basis. That's coming from our MIS, is sort of an 
audited type number. 
 
 
So the difference is that the additional costs are coming from certain 
other parts of the business, so to say. So just to give a brief overview of 
what's happening, I think we've discussed this in the past, I don't know 
how many people are new, but we've taken some new business 
initiatives and new divisions that we've created. 
 
 
And so both on a standalone basis and on a consolidated basis, that's 
where we're seeing the difference is coming from. But like I said, for 
me, as what we track is the selling prices and the manufacturing costs 
and those margins. Of course, the SG&A is not really tracked that 
closely, I mean, but there's no real fundamental change in the selling 
prices or the manufacturing costs. 
 
Devan Kulkarni: 
Okay. Understood, thank you. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Again, I want to say these are for mature products. There are some 
products we sell in lower volumes because we're developing them. A 
lot of times, we even might sell them at a loss because there's a lot of 
one-off costs associated with them. So just so that everyone is aware. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Saket Kapoor. Saket, you can go 
ahead please. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yeah, namaskar sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Shiva sir, if you 
could just allude to us the way forward as you are seeing in terms of 
our subsidiary performance, especially the overseas ones, how well are 
you in line with the program which have been scheduled by you in 
terms of their performance, if you could just throw some more light, 
where are we in terms of the nine months and going ahead, how are we 
planning to execute our style of operations, especially from the 
subsidiary performance? If you could give us some more colour on the 
same? 
 

 
Shiva Kabra: 
So personally, I'm happy. I think the focus right now, honestly, is 
mainly on CP Italy, which is our V-Shapes division because that's 
much bigger than both Markprint and Codeology combined. And both 
Markprint and Codeology are profitable, but we're not focusing so 
much on it right now because this is a much bigger business 
opportunity for us. But we're also working on that, and that's also 
improving. 
 
 
So the main thing is right now to ramp up the packaging machinery in 
all directions. So there's many things in that. There's a technical 
consistency. That's the single most important thing in my opinion. Then 
the marketing part of ours is sorely lacking. So we're working on that. 
 
 
We've been this quarter, there will be a lot of change in that. The sales 
aspect was lacking. So we only hired about maybe like seven people 
that we've hired, but it's all come in the last three, four months only. So 
it's going to take another three, four months minimum for them to 
contribute because there's a technical aspect to it or element for them to 
understand the product enough and develop those cases enough. 
 
 
Again, the sales cycle for these products is longer. So I can't tell 
everyone what's happening exactly. But I feel the pipelines are 
promising, both in our track and trace business and in our packaging 
business and also in our digital printing innovations that we've made. 
 
 
So I'm sort of happy because I'm going to be looking like I said, for me, 
a quarterly basis or even an annual basis might not have that much 
meaning. This was a planned strategy on our part to increase our long-
term growth rates. The core coding business is doing well and 
therefore, we can afford to keep investing in other businesses. So I 
think we're just going to go through this entire cycle and it's going to 
take some time for it to build up to a certain size of revenue before they 
really contribute to the bottom line. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And secondly, Shiva sir, our code business domestically, what is our 
understanding from our clients in terms of payer utilisation, capacity 
utilisation and the economic activity? As we see in terms of the GDP 
number and the other data, the government spending is on the lower 
side. 
 
 
So how is this translating into the demand outlook from our key client 
area or clientele industries? If you could just throw some more light, 
that is directly to the consumable requirement? And sir, in terms of the 
-- yeah, yeah. Okay, please. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So we're doing well in our domestic coding and marking business -- I'm 
talking about the coding and marking, I'm not talking about all the 
other parts of the business, because like I said, those are more in 
investment phase. But in the coding and marking business, we are 

 
doing fine. We are selling well, we are growing. And there's more 
acceptance of our newer products that we've come out with. 
 
 
So we are doing okay on all fronts, I'd say. There has been some like I 
said from the market, our Q3 results in terms of number of printer sales 
and everything was actually better than the first two quarters. So it 
could fluctuate, but we have a good pipeline right now. The main 
fluctuations are there on our side mainly because we had changed our 
sales strategy. 
 
 
I don't know how many of you all are aware. I said we were focusing 
more on larger customers only who have a certain size of business. I 
think we've mentioned this in the previous concalls. So that just took 
some time for it to implement. 
 
 
Now also, it's not, I'd say, 100% implemented, but maybe there's a 
60%, 70% acceptance of what's happening because saying something 
and the sales team believing in it and accepting it is a very different 
thing. That's my own experience. So even if whatever I say, it might 
not matter. 
 
 
So it's the pipeline, the domestic coding and marking pipeline is fair, 
and we expect it to be steady, not spectacular, but it's doing well. And I 
don't know how the GDP and the economy and all is doing. But we 
don't have any excuses because the market is big. In the end in between 
the four of us, we've only 21% market share. 
 
 
And from an overall market perspective, maybe we're 17% or 18%, 
like maybe the market would be like Rs. 2,100 crores, Rs. 2,200 crores 
and we'd be like maybe ending at Rs. 400 crores this year, so on that 
calculation, I would say, about 18% or something. So we still have 
scope to grow even in terms of market share, although it's a slow, 
difficult growth as we all know in this type of business, but it's 
possible. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, last point you mentioned about shift in the strategy part, addressing 
clients with higher market share, higher volume of business. If you 
could just explain, and what have been the impact on our sales and 
therefore, the bottom line, if you could just elaborate more on the 
same? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, so I think it's obviously the idea is to target the larger customers, 
because in India, the large customers still control a high percentage of 
the addressable market because they still have control of access to the 
kiranas, to the smaller stores and even to the modern trade where they 
have a lot more stores, I think. Because those brands are well known. 
 
 
So we are working more on those companies because our service 
levels, our printer quality, everything is geared more towards the 
customer who is demanding. So the more demanding the customer is, 

 
the better it is for us, and that improves our competitive edge. So that's 
where the strategies had a shift. And it's working successfully for us 
now is what I feel. 
 
 
So I think even in the first few months, it took some time for 
everything to settle in. But now it's beginning to pick up, like I said, 
things are getting more streamlined. And like I said, there is an effect 
because mid- to big-sized customers just have a longer sales cycle. 
 
 
So it's taken us more time to conclude a sale. The sale is in a high 
number of printers. So overall, it doesn't negatively affect us, but it's 
more lumpy, that's what I'll say. It can change more from quarter-to-
quarter as compared to when you have a good amount of smaller 
customers, that evens things out. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. Right, sir. Thank you. And for the Innovative Codes small 
acquisition which was our first acquisition a few years ago, how have 
been their performance and what steps are we taking to improve their 
size and their contribution to the company? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So Jaideep, do you want to take that one? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. So Innovative Codes, we've got a strong growth in the revenue. 
In fact, it is 36% as compared to the previous quarter. And if the last 
year's turnover was just about Rs. 10 crores which we've actually done 
in the nine months. So it augurs well for that company. And with a 
little bit of management of costs in a focused way, the profitability also 
should be better by the end of the year. So we are doing very well with 
Innovative Codes. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, we’ll take the next question from Bhavesh Rathod. 
 
Bhavesh Rathod: 
Sir, Bhavesh this side. Good afternoon everyone. So company has 
recently incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary in UAE. What are 
markets which we intend to cater via this entity and how? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So again, this is mainly a sales outlet for us for the Middle East and 
Africa. As of right now, it's a very thin-staffed type of a thing. And 
that's what the plan is, it's not to try to have like a full-fledged 
operation there. So we need to cater to the Middle East and Africa only 
because we have some sales there and it's because our sales are 
increasing in that region, we need to streamline. 
 
 
Because exporting from India is a big pain sometimes because of the 
amount of paperwork involved for every single sale. So maybe we're 
going to use it as more financial type like make it easier to just make 
things faster, plus having a salesperson to go out there will make a 
difference in terms of increasing the sales output in that region. So it's 

 
just for an extension of think of it as an extra branch for us rather than a 
real subsidiary of sorts. 
 
Bhavesh Rathod: 
Okay. So it's basically a demand-based supply, I guess, right, sir? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. 
 
Bhavesh Rathod: 
Okay. And so are we going to have all exclusive contracts as well or 
only will be inclusive? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I don't understand that at all. I didn't understand that question. Can you 
explain that, please? 
 
Bhavesh Rathod: 
Are we going to have exclusive contracts from them or is it a normal 
contract? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
We just sell machines, we sell printers, they buy inks, everything is 
there. Exactly the same as the India business. Price points are higher, 
costs are higher. So it all evens out in the end. And from there also, we 
plan to support the Africa business, and we have some printers and 
some sales in Africa. So yeah, I think it's just easier to get shipments 
and other types of things done because the amount of paper work out 
here is like 10x more. That's all. 
 
Bhavesh Rathod: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And the consolidated top line quarter-on-quarter basis 
seems to be mostly flat. So however, the nine-month position shows a 
growth of around 17% to 18%. So what shall be expected top line for 
FY '24, sir? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
It's too early to say. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I think we had said that we were targeting Rs. 400 crores for 
standalone. There was again something we had said that this is what we 
were looking at. But on a consolidated basis, we don't have any targets, 
and we're not giving anything out because these are mainly the 
consolidated many businesses that we are still in the growth phase, so 
it's really difficult. It's more about establishing those product lines, 
establishing those businesses and then seeing how we do out there. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Bhavesh. We'll take the next question from Arnav Sahoja. 
Arnav, please go ahead. 
 
Arnav Sahoja: 
Congrats on a strong set of results. So I just have two questions. So 
what has been the OCF and FCF generation in the three months and the 
nine months of this year? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I think that question was asked already on e-mail. We gave a reply 
to that, Arnav, and we said that we've not calculated the profitability of 
the OCF like overall, like we don't disclose that because I think it's 

 
disclosed every six months or 12 months. So whenever we audit it, 
we'll give it out. 
 
 
But we did see that the profitability of the coding and marking 
business, because that question was asked, is higher than or it's 
increased in line with the revenue of the coding and marking business 
were so higher, and we expect that the operating cash flow of that 
business would have also increased in line. 
 
 
Again, the way our FICO is structured in SAP, it's not that easy to 
clarify this. So someone may have to do deep dive. So again, I won't be 
able to give those types of numbers. But the way our MIS is structured, 
again I'm saying it depends on the type of reporting that we have. 
Coding and marking businesses improved in both revenue and 
profitability, and it's been in line. 
 
 
In spite of some higher costs which Jaideep has told, specifically in 
travel and other types of expenses for some reason. We won't go into 
that in depth because we also don't know why those costs have 
suddenly like spiked up so much in this year. So it's a concern for us 
also. 
 
 
Part of those costs are also because there are other new business lines 
that are being there, and we also said that the margin concerns are 
related to that. So again, the cash flow from core operation, we believe 
is steady. Again, like I said, I don't have the exact numbers for that, but 
it's steady. 
 
 
And then so the operating cash flow could be steady and then part of 
what we do in new businesses could also be part of revenue, but it also 
could be part of an investment. So it could be looked at both ways. So 
it's like that's something that obviously you all have to consider for 
your own angle. 
 
Arnav Sahoja: 
Just following up a bit about the subsidiaries that you were mentioning. 
So we saw a pretty good revenue momentum in these subsidiaries. But 
is there any time line during which we can expect the employee costs 
and other expenses to just settle down a bit for these subsidiaries? Is 
there any information on that? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So that question was raised. It was written to us. So I think Jaideep is 
going to answer, but we're expecting in our standalone business for a 
Rs. 8 crore to Rs. 10 crore increase in wages and associated costs like 
travel and whatever other licenses and whatever happens next, so that's 
what our standalone is. For subsidiaries, it's very difficult for us to 
predict because I'll be very honest, like people have abroad cost 
significantly more. And so we are more slow in the way we're hiring 
them. 
 

 
 
As of right now, in the packaging industry, we've got three salespeople 
and Christian himself, like our Head who also is quite deeply involved 
in that aspect. And in India and Africa, we have like four salespeople in 
the Gulf. So between this, we want to first stabilise with this and we 
have a head out here also of our packaging business. So we want to 
stabilise first before we really ramp up and say that I'll get people 
South America and North America and Japan, you get my point? 
 
 
But I don't know if I'm going to do that a lot, right? It all depends on 
how I'm seeing the pipeline going and evolving. My idea is not 
generate profits. My idea is to scale up fast, but also not be a bit rash 
about it. So like first, get things right in these two geographies where 
we already have the strongest presence and coverage and then scale up. 
So that's what the idea would be. 
 
 
In the track and trace business, again, it's a similar type of situation, 
where we are scaling up out here in India, and that's also working out, 
like the pipeline out there is also quite promising. In the digital 
printing, you've had some sort of technical glitches. So we've got good 
interest, but we're working out some last minute hassles I can say to, 
everything has to work perfectly, otherwise this whole business is 
useless in our case. So it seems like everything should work perfectly, 
but sometimes it can take longer than what we expect, that's only 
problem. 
 
 
So that's what it is. But again, like I'd say, so as far as especially the 
packaging business goes, we would want to, if you're feeling we're 
doing well in that we're going to just scale up our operations faster. 
And there's no obligation for us to make money is to grow that business 
as fast as possible so we can maximise the opportunity. But right now, 
we don't see like a good visibility within Europe and India, Gulf, 
Africa, which is the area we're covering, South Asia. 
 
 
We don't want to like really scale that business up in terms of adding 
like another 15, 20 salespeople like who're going to cost us above and 
supported operations because everything for us to make a sample 
actually cost us a lot of money to be honest. Like we have to give 100 
samples to someone, like that's a huge cost to me because to get the 
printing done, to get everything done, to do the quality test cost me like 
a lot of money. 
 
 
So like I said, we want to make sure that we've got everything correct 
here before we say that we are ready to really take this up and we're 
focused more on the core geographies there. So we need to take the 
cost increase, including the coding and marking business. That's what 
we're expecting and abroad, we're not giving any predictions or in our 
subsidiaries because we're going to have to take it month-by-month and 
see what's happening. But as of right now, I'd say like, yes, we have all 
the people we need for right now. But if we feel we're doing better, we 
don't have any problems increasing. 

 
 
Arnav Sahoja: 
Okay. Just one clarification. I didn't catch the sales mix of Q3 FY '25 
properly. If you could just repeat that, that would be great for Q3 and 
Q2 as well. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
I didn't get your question, Arnav, can you just repeat it? 
 
Arnav Sahoja: 
So you had mentioned the sales mix between printer, consumables, 
spares. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, okay. Yeah, Arnav, so for Q3, between the printers, 
consumables, spares and services, it is 16%, 61%, 7% and 15%. And 
for Q2, it was 13%, 64%, 7% and 15%. 
 
Arnav Sahoja: 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Arnav. We'll take the next question from Aruna Munikoti. 
 
Aruna Munikoti: 
Hi, Jaideep and hi, Shiva. Good afternoon everyone. I have very basic, 
simple questions. The first question is like, which company is giving us 
the top competition when it comes to our core business, like coding and 
marking? Is there any publicly listed company giving us top 
competition or any private company? Which company do you consider 
as the top competitor? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Do you want to answer this, Jaideep? But I think in all the previous 
calls, Videojet, especially Domino is the #1 in India and then Videojet, 
Markem-Imaje and Control Print are about equal in size. So you can 
say like we are the four major players. Domino has got about a 30% 
market share and we have between four of us about 80% of the coding 
and marking business of India. 
 
 
And Domino is about 30% and then the others between them are also 
like between 21%, 22%, 23%, something like that. So it's just slightly -
- yes, that's what's the situation. So I'd say Domino Printing Sciences, 
Videojet India and... 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Imaje. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, these are the three key competitors. 
 
Aruna Munikoti: 
Great. Thanks for answering. And then my next question is what is that 
one thing that we are doing differently when we compare ourselves 
with our competitors for our core segment, like coding and printing 
again? Is there something that we are doing differently when compared 
with them? If so, then what is that? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So everyone has some variations in strategy, like I said, I think we 
focus on some slightly different product lines, but all of us have a full 

 
range of products and a full range of services. So all of us are full suite 
players, so to say. 
 
 
Now of course, I mean I don't know -- I'm not seeing it, but like there 
can be various car companies with different strategies, but largely, 
they're covering similar things. So obviously, and I'm quite sure that we 
give a super experience, and I know that for sure. But in the end, in our 
business, the products are quite sticky. So change is slow to come. And 
we believe we've got like a good product line up, a great technology 
line up, and we've got the best service and technical team out there to 
support that. 
 
 
Now we've come out with a more targeted sales strategy rather than 
being all over the place. And hopefully, the sales and marketing will 
measure up to and give justice to the quality of our products and 
innovation and our service team and their efforts. So hopefully, if that 
catches up, then we could increase our market share. 
 
Aruna Munikoti: 
Right. That makes sense. Like my next question is like do you 
anticipate any challenges or like negatives for the upcoming quarters 
for our company? Like anything that you're anticipating? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, I think we've been quite straightforward that the coding and 
marking business looks steady, looks okay. And other businesses are of 
course scaling up. So no, we can't see anything. 
 
 
When we mature, we'll talk about them more, but right now, our 
message to all investors and shareholders is transparent that it's still a 
growth phase for us, it's still an investment phase for us and obviously 
there has to be a time line to it, like Mr. Saket Kapoor and other people 
have said, but we'll definitely like to scale up and hit a certain size, and 
that's when we start focusing more and then the margin part. 
 
 
So we look more to gross margins. We want to maintain our gross 
margins in the business considering we're doing a certain volume. So 
that's like something we don't really compromise upon. So the idea is 
always that even if this business becomes Rs. 100 crores, the gross 
margin should remain a certain percentage, we're targeting, say, 60% or 
65% or whatever it maybe, 50%. 
 
 
So that should remain from day 1. It might not be that way because a 
lot of times, we have high cost when the volumes are low, both on the 
cost of goods sold and in terms of the actual sales like other expenses, 
but the idea is as that business scales up, it should have a pretty good 
profile and be a positive for us. But whether it's going to scale up or 
not, how long it will take to scale up if it's going to scale up, all these 
sorts of things, these are like unknowns. 
 

 
Moderator: 
Aruna, may I request you to rejoin the queue please. And I request all 
the participants to restrict their questions to two per participant. We 
will take the next question from Ridhima Goyal. 
 
Ridhima Goyal: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. So I have two questions. First 
question is, would it be possible for you guys to share the financials of 
your acquisitions? Like how much is the top line and what are the 
EBITDA margins, the existing top line and the margins? And what is 
the synergy benefits we are going to like what would be the growth in 
the margins we are expecting from these acquisitions? That's number 
one. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I think, Jaideep, you can answer this question. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, yeah. So Ridhima, whilst we consolidate the results of all of our 
subsidiaries, we do not have a practice, neither any of the companies 
have a practice of releasing the financial statements. But in case you 
would like to have a specific question regarding any of our 
subsidiaries, please feel free to write to me at cfo@controlprint.com, 
we'll be able to resolve your queries at the earliest convenience. 
 
Ridhima Goyal: 
Okay. No problem. Thank you. So next is the margins which we have 
in the quarter 3, is it a one-off thing or we can expect that going 
forward, these are the sustainable margins, which we can expect in the 
next few quarters? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yes, as Shiva had said that there has been no compromise as such on 
the selling prices. The only thing is that like some of the cost of goods 
sold can become cyclical in nature, but we definitely as part of the 
senior management, we take a hard look at the cost of goods sold as a 
consumption. And we are definitely trying to increase our economy 
efficiency of our operations. So like there might be like changes, but 
overall, we feel that we should be able to control it in a better way. 
 
Ridhima Goyal: 
So we can expect like the margins can revert back to 24%, 25% levels? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, definitely. But what has happened is that we got a subsidiary in 
Italy, which we've already mentioned. They are in a growth phase. In 
fact, we are trying to support them, try to establish their teams, try to 
spruce up their sales and promotional activities. So like this is an 
investment phase for us in that company as a result of which of the 
revenues might be on the lower side, but there will be costs. 
 
 
So we are clearly looking at the long-term prospects and increase in the 
revenue. So that's the reason why we feel like on a consolidated basis, 
our margins have dropped down now. 
 
Ridhima Goyal: 
No, that I know that it has dropped down because of those reasons, but 
I'm asking the future prospects, like will it going to be at these levels 

 
like 22% or it can reach to 24%, 25% or 26%, which we had in the 
earlier quarters? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
No, we definitely would like to reach that levels. I mean, at the end of 
the day, we want to have a stable profitability margin. So we definitely 
look forward to doing that. 
 
Ridhima Goyal: 
Okay. Just one last question. Would it be possible for you guys to share 
the exact mix of the end user industry, like what is the FMCG mix or 
what is your dairy mix exactly? You've shared top 5 industries, but 
what would be, in terms of percentage, like how much the sales is? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
See, Ridhima, as Shiva has pointed out, I mean, we work in an 
oligopoly where just four of us dominate about 80% of the market. And 
we don't divulge sales-related information. That's what, I mean, we 
can't divulge much into that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ridhima, may I request you to rejoin the queue. We'll take 
the next question from Shaurya Punyani. 
 
Shaurya Punyani: 
Yes, sir, regarding that Italy subsidiary, so could you quantify as to 
what is the revenue potential, some ballpark range? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So Shaurya, it's a new type of product. So obviously, it could be very 
high, it could be a flop, right? It's not possible for us to say it. So it's 
obviously, you're going to have high ambitions and hope when you do 
something but what's going to happen is, it's a different type of a 
business. So let's see whether we are able to move along as we are. 
 
 
I think someone asked this question, I don't remember earlier, and I 
pointed out that we are also rolling out in stages because, A, we don't 
have the capacity to have the management bandwidth for every single 
thing. I think it might have been Arnav, if I remember right his name. 
 
 
And I said that we don't have the management bandwidth for every 
single thing, neither do we want to just take on a whole bunch of costs 
and go all helter-skelter, whether we can afford it or not is a separate 
thing. We want to sort of really put our strategy in properly, perfect 
everything in these markets and then take it forward. 
 
 
So it's going to take some time to scale up. But so far, what I can say is 
like there's good interest in the product, which is to me, the single most 
important thing. It's an innovation. We have to understand that people 
are already invested in the existing technology and the change of 
platform is not easy, especially when it costs more, which is another 
problem on a per unit basis. But there is interest. 
 
 
But interest versus sales versus profits and these are like different 
things what I've seen in life in the past. So I won't say anything. Let's 
just keep rolling it along. And maybe by the end of next financial year 

 
we'll have a better idea of where we really stand. So like 15 months 
from now is probably where we'll understand. 
 
 
So 29th March is when we actually took over V-Shapes. And in the 
first six months, we've been getting things in order and I'll say maybe 
from October, November, we've been doing real work in terms of sales 
and other types of things. That's what my own feeling is. There like 
many gaping holes because we bought it from liquidation. And just to 
get things streamlined has taken us time both in India and in Italy and 
wherever else we have our operations for this. 
 
Shaurya Punyani: 
Okay, sir. And sir, is it possible to give a segment-wise margin like? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Are you talking about the Coding and Marking business which I mean, 
so that I understand? Our margins are the same. 
 
Shaurya Punyani: 
Coding and marking. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Our selling prices are the same with respect to which industry we sell 
in. So and our cost. So roughly our margins, whether we sell say in the 
Coding and Marking business, we still do about 65% industrial, 35%, 
40% packing. But the margins are the same cross both. 
 
 
In fact, the industrial might be a bit higher because we do more 
specialised things and more real requirements, so to say, like, I mean I 
don't know more specialisations, more customisations, more 
interfacing, more everything, like less soft, where our margins are just 
a touch lower. So the more specialty, the more weird things we do, we 
charge a little bit extra. 
 
Shaurya Punyani: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Shaurya. We'll take the next question from Tushar Talwar. 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
Thanks. Two main questions, slightly detailed ones. So my first 
question is that on sales strategy, you have mentioned that in the last 
one year-or-so we have revamped our sales strategy. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
One second. If can you just redo this Tusharji, I think you're getting 
some sort of a humming sound that's coming, if you can just check 
your mic one second and redo this, honestly there's humming sound 
coming, I don't know? 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
Is it better now. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes Tushar, it is better now. 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
Okay. So on the sales strategy, I wanted to ask that you have mentioned 
that we have revamped our sales strategy in the last year or so. My 
specific question is that are we vacating the lower end of the market? 

 
And I'm asking this specifically because in the last year or so, we have 
seen another listed company in this space called Astec Fluids. 
 
 
And it seems to me when I read the concalls of both the companies, it 
seems like Control Print is focusing on the larger clients, the bigger 
clients. And there is some space which is being vacated, which is being 
taken up by the smaller companies. My specific question is, do we 
think that these younger companies may eventually start overlapping 
with our new strategy and change the structure of the oligopolistic 
market that we participate in? This is my first question. My second 
question is on Codeology. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I request you to hold your second question because I'll answer your 
first question first, otherwise I'll forget your first question by the time 
the second question comes. So specifically, yes, that space is being 
vacated. Yes, you're correct about that. We do have some very good 
products for that space but we don't have the bandwidth to service and 
sell to that many customers without increasing our sales or service cost. 
It would be profitable, but then the management bandwidth would be 
question, especially since we're doing new products and new industries. 
 
 
The second thing is these products that we put in are very sticky. And 
like I said, I don't know if you were there earlier, the more demanding 
the customer, the higher our competitive advantage, both in the 
industrial segment and in the standard segment and not only across 
compared to smaller companies, I can guarantee that even across 
Videojet, Domino, Markem-Imaje and Control Print, the more difficult, 
the more challenging the application, the bigger the competitive 
advantage we have. 
 
 
So, so far, my experience of 30 years is probably I mean, close to 20 
years since 2025. But my experience of that and from whatever I 
understand is that the four of us have always maintained that 80% 
market share. The reason being that the cost factor is frankly quite low 
in terms of the spend for the customer. And in the end, those customers 
have more expensive lines. They have higher costs. So I think that the 
way people are thinking now, Tushar is changing. 
 
 
So when I used to work myself, I used to be -- I was like on frontline 
sales and marketing right in the beginning of my career. And people are 
very focused on the cost of the ink and the cost of the printer and it's 
really about like cost, cost, cost and price, price, price. And since about 
the last 10 years, it's changed. It changed the reliability. And now 
people are also calculating the operational efficiency and the cost of 
downtime. 
 
 
So we're actually having some cases where we're changing the 
equipment because the maintenance time of the existing equipment 
might be 1% and the maintenance of the new equipment might cost you 
like 0.5% or like less than that. So for that person, if you can travel 

 
around 500 manufacturing lines, for example, and I can improve my 
efficiency even 1.5% by just changing a coding and marking device. 
That's like adding eight extra lines, which is almost like a factory. 
 
 
So the way people are thinking now with these larger customers is 
different. To be honest, and I'm not getting into specific competitors, 
the Chinese printers are not bad. They definitely improved. Before we 
were at 98%, they were at 95% efficiency, and that was a huge amount 
for a printer. So we did last measure, we're like 99.47% uptime, which 
is like the highest accordingly in the entire industry. And the Chinese 
guys would be maybe at 97%, 98%. So the gap is closed in terms of 
percentage terms, but there's still a gap. 
 
 
And for people who, like I said, if you've got something like an Internet 
connection to save a few hundred bucks or even a few thousand rupees, 
you're not going to take 1% downtime is three days of working. That's 
what I would say. You have to think of like your factories on for three 
additional days without working. And that's the way these types of 
customers are calculating now. There's a 1.5% downtime is a big 
difference. And then they all locked in. They've been trained on our 
printers. They were trained on the things. And the same thing for 
Domino, Videojet and Markem. So unless people have a big issue, 
nobody wants to change. 
 
 
You're already in an ecosystem that's working. And honestly, 
considering the small cost differences which again are not validated. 
People don't want to change from that. And it's like also the soft aspects 
of it. So again, you asked a question of a detailed reply. There is our 
levels of training, the technical level of our people, the amount we pay 
people because that's why there's also one of the things we have to 
invest in. So it's just like a difference between going to an Oberoi 
versus another 5 star. The level of training or discipline in that will just 
give you a different experience. 
 
 
And then for those customers who are experienced with that in this 
type, they will value this and surely I think that what we've seen is a lot 
of stickiness. We've not lost that many customers ever. And that too 
level to smaller competitors. If our types of customers who have issues 
whether between the four of us, the last thing we want to do is take risk 
and go to smaller person. 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
Understood, Shiva. Thank you so much. I have more follow-ups on 
that, but I'll ask them later. I'll ask. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I point out one more thing. So what's happening abroad. I just want to 
conclude this question so that it's there. I hope everyone read the 
concall before coming for the next investor call because I feel like a lot 
of times, I'm repeating the same things again and again to everyone. So 
I'm just going to repeat this also. What's happening abroad is that 
there's a change in industry structure, okay? 

 
 
 
So what's happened is that the big companies are not that focused on 
manufacturing and there's a lot of small brands. So the micro-breweries 
are growing. The small organic companies supplying local markets, so 
those types of things are growing. So there's a fragmentation of 
manufacturing. 
 
 
In India, so far, I have not seen or other people like that actually having 
lost market share per se. So as a result, now obviously, if the business 
changes and guys like Finolex, Polycab, Havells and also are losing 
market share, there's a bunch of smaller cable guys are losing, that 
could affect us. And then in that case, the tech strategy would work on 
those smaller competitors would maybe gain overall market share. 
 
 
So right now, in India, from whatever I have seen, obviously, this is my 
own view that the big guys still seem to have some entrenched 
advantages. And Asian Paints hasn't been dislodged in a long time in 
spite of new competitors coming, their margins might reduce, but I 
don't see like Asian Paints or Berger going anywhere, for example. But 
if the industry structure changes, if there is a change, it's going more 
towards smaller brands, it's fragmenting, then definitely, we'll have to 
take a look at that strategy once again. 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
I understand, Shiva. Thank you so much. That's a lot of nuance there. 
My second question was on Codeology. And I just wanted to ask that 
we don't talk about Codeology all that much. We talk about Italy. 
We've talked about Markprint in the past in past concalls. And my 
main question here was that why do we have only 51% here? Do we 
plan to acquire full ownership? And what is the larger plan for this 
entity? Is it only for like entry into the U.K. market? Or do we have 
larger plans there? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So I'm going to take all those questions. So the first thing is 51% 
is strategic. What we realised from past experiences was that we don't 
want to buy out the existing people. We want to work with them on a 
three, five, seven year plan where maybe they can exit depending on 
how we grow in the meantime and what sort of targets we achieve. I 
can't see more than that because you got a basic idea of what I'm trying 
to say, if you understand what I... 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
I get it. I get it. But are we seeing any progress there? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So they are busy. That's why we've not worked much on them 
because so Codeology is the reason, again, the strategic rationale is 
they are mainly into end-of-line automation, okay? So the conveyor, 
print and apply systems, the scrapping systems, the other types of stuff 
that happens end of line. That's what they supply in the U.K. And that 
also fits in very well with our printers and track and trace systems for 
the end of line. So that was one thing. 
 

 
 
And the second thing is they also make print and apply systems, which 
are actually of value to us. So we are, in fact, working in a few cases 
like the print and apply systems is a bit of a hole in our portfolio. So 
again, for Videojet, Domino and Markem-Imaje, maybe Rs. 20 crores 
to Rs. 30 crores of their business coming from print and apply. We are 
not in that business. And of course, I'm not saying we're going to do it 
because we started because obviously, we are later in the game. But 
there's an opportunity to scale up that business also. So that is one of 
the reasons we purchased it because to develop something in-house and 
do the whole learning process. And I mean, it's just cheaper to buy, I'll 
be very honest, like at this price by experience, things that work from 
day one and then improve upon it. 
 
 
So I think that's something we are working on some print and apply 
cases also where our conventional equipment doesn't work on sort of 
irregular non-porous materials. And that's where we're sort of working 
with them to provide those types of solutions. If you're successful, then 
you start manufacturing equipment in India also. So there's like a 
technology that we wanted to add in. 
 
 
And the other thing is, like you said, it's an outlet, which is sort of 
combined with the existing end-of-line automation business because 
out there also, there's an environmental focus and a cost focus, and that 
would automatically mean that in replacing labels with high risk in the 
existing line is a benefit for the customer and for the environment out 
there. That's a reasonable factor. 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
Right. So we have no obstacles to using their technology in other 
geographies? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, no. 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
Okay, and that is all from my end, Shiva. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you, Tushar. We'll take the next question from 
Awanindra Singh. Awanindra, please go ahead. 
 
Awanindra Singh: So Shiva, just continuing on from the previous participants when we 
look at putting our standalone business aside, it's a stable business, it 
will continue to grow as the industry grows. There will be ups and 
downs given how the product mix fits. But if we look at some of our 
investments that we've done over the last couple of years, I know 
you've touched on them. If you could just sort of highlight a little bit 
more on track and trace. I understand that we've built the technology 
in-house and we've been working with at least the pharmaceutical 
manufacturers given the government initiatives on those 60 molecules 
that they wanted track and trace. 
 
 
So where are we in terms of technology? Are you happy with where we 
are? Is there potential scope to continue evolving that? And you spoke 

 
about a pipeline, but if you could just highlight a little bit more on sort 
of how that's panning out? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So again, in the track and trace space, we are working very 
aggressively. I'm not going to talk about stuff that's in there because 
whatever we do with any customer is confidential. But we are working 
on some of those 300 drugs or the 300 brands rather that have been 
offered by the government as the top 300 brands in India. We are 
working with a significant number of them for implementing them 
online. 
 
 
So again, I'm going to say it again. So track and trace has gone through 
four phases. So the first phase was there were specific export 
requirements where they required to put the 2D code or it was that time 
of GS1 data matrix or a QR code as per the requirement of some 
foreign buyers for specific drugs. So that was the first phase and two 
companies in India were dominating. I think everyone knows 
associated capsules group and there was another one that was there. So 
they sell vision systems, so they were dominating that market. 
 
 
Then the second phase came and more customers required it, and it 
stopped being a very niche product and expanded in size, and it was 
required in a certain amount of export markets like France, Turkey and 
a few others and specific products. Then the third phase came, which is 
right now, and it started being implemented within India itself and 300 
brands or whatever have been mandated by the government. And it 
could be that they might even expand it now that it's proven that it can 
work. So that's the third phase. 
 
 
Now what's going to happen is the fourth phase. And we're late because 
we won in the first two phases and the third phase also, we came in late 
in the day because by the time we finished our acquisition, we rolled 
out. A lot of those existing 300 brands had already tied up with specific 
people because obviously, if you have a deadline, you don't want to 
wait until the last day of the deadline if you're sort of a well-run 
company, if you will. Now what happened is, so now the fourth phase 
is where people are going to start consolidating various existing 
solutions and trying to start standardising. 
 
 
And then the fifth phase is when they're going to start using all this data 
to actually improve their business. So we are already focusing on the 
fifth phase. And so we are working on the third, fourth and fifth phases 
combined. And we have already generated certain IP out. Again, we 
filed three key patents and this I'm going to talk about it because it's 
quite technical. But those are patents that we are working with like two 
or three, we can say we're like three of our large pharma companies. 
We need to implement this and show proof of concept. And if they're 
going to get the type of benefits that we believe that they're going to get 
something for us to -- sorry, I heard something. 
 

 
 
So I think if we implement this and we show proof of concept, then it 
will be something for existing pharmaceutical companies to consider as 
they start wanting to consolidate their lines for ease of use and 
consolidating their software. Right now, again, like what I'm saying, 
the first three phases have been pure compliance. The fourth phase, 
which is consolidating is also going to be compliance. The fifth phase 
is actually going to give the customer benefits. 
 
 
So we need to prove that part. We need to prove that we are in Stage 5 
even as we're implementing Stage 3 for customers. So if we don't do 
that, we're not going to be successful or we'll be successful because of 
Control Print and the distribution and the service and all the other 
things. But we have a strong tech platform here. So obviously, I know 
that if a company like ACG, for example, who is the #1 in this 
business, they're good. I won't say there's nothing incompetent about 
them at all. 
 
 
It's similar to Domino, Videojet, and Imaje. So if we don't offer like 
40% more at least in terms of benefit to the customer of 50%, why 
someone want to change us. So we're confident that we offer more than 
that but we need to prove it. 
 
 
And each project out here -- I mean, honestly, this is like quick sand or 
something, so you just go in and it just becomes deeper and deeper. So 
that's definitely an issue for us. That's why we're doing some projects 
which we've not been able to invoice as yet because there are many 
requirements and many types of automation that are happening. But I 
think once we have those types of references out again, even the 
pharmaceutical industry, a lot of people know other people. And if 
there is a thing that we have resolved some of the actual business issues 
with our solution, then I believe that we'll get some sort of pick up 
maybe in the market. 
 
 
So again, we're not hitting every company because there's a limited 
amount of installation, bandwidth and proof of concept that we can do. 
It's something we need to improve upon. So we're going to work on 
that. That's also going to be part of that cost of that Rs. 8 crores, Rs. 10 
crore increase that we talked about. But it's something we need to do 
and we've got a good solution. And we've got about three patents filed 
around our track and trace division, and we think all of them are going 
to be very useful in the long-term. 
 
Awanindra Singh: No, I appreciate that. Just add to this. In terms of solution offerings, is 
it similar to Coding and Marking when there are solution providers? Or 
is it slightly larger in terms of how many players are there offering 
trace and track in its various formats? And sort of the other add-on is 
pharmaceuticals, it is critical need for that industry but as we move into 
some of the other industries like FMCG, at what point do you think the 
cost benefit is there to those players that they want to start 
implementing track and trace in their systems as well? 

 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So it's a very good point. So what I say is there's two, three elements to 
it. The first aspect is that we were talking about, so okay, this is what it 
is. For the track and trace business, what's required again is that people 
are implementing the solution. And like I said, we've got a certain IP or 
whatever it is. Once we get that done, then we can look at, so what 
we're doing in other businesses outside of pharmaceuticals is going 
more for a prepackaged solution, and that's sort of easy for us to sell to 
other things because they don't want to pay the same amount of money 
that the pharmaceutical guys do and the compliance needs are not 
there. 
 
 
So they're not being forced to invest in the same level of system. Is that 
the right -- the same level of system that the pharmaceutical guys are 
doing. So I think there's a clear breakup. Obviously, for us, 
pharmaceutical is the bigger business right now. So that's what we're 
focused upon. But definitely, as we can scale it up and if we can 
approach other with sort of more prepackaged solution to other types of 
industries, there could be a pickup and a take-up that we can have. 
There was one part of the question that I'm missing. If you can just 
repeat that again? 
 
Awanindra Singh: Yeah. It was just around how many participants are there in track and 
trace or the various solutions? Is it similar to Coding and Marking or is 
it slightly larger? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, so there are more players, but we are the only integrated player 
from end-to-end. That's our advantage. So we make the service. We 
have the vision systems. We have obviously the printing. The printing 
is I mean, so that's a very strong integration that we're doing that 
nobody else can do it at that level. And of course, we have the entire 
downward integration and sort of integration with their ERP systems. 
So there's multiple things we're doing out here. And that is where we 
expect that the customers to get a major benefit compared to our 
competitors. There are more players. 
 
 
But then again, everyone is in a different part of the business, and 
they're making some sort of software. And what I can say is the amount 
of sophisticated guys who have a really good software, which is 
integrated well will still be like about four. 
 
Awanindra Singh: Understood, understood and just sort of... 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry, Awanindra we are running out of time. We'll take the last 
question of the day from Ashutosh Khetan. Ashutosh, please go ahead. 
 
Ashutosh Khetan: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to know the 
numbers of printers sold in this quarter and the current capacity 
utilisation? 
 

 
Jaideep Barve: 
So we've sold 762 printers in this quarter. 
 
Ashutosh Khetan: 
Okay. And the capacity utilisation for the quarter? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So we are roughly about 60% to 65% of the capacity utilisation. 
 
Ashutosh Khetan: 
Okay, thank you sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Ashutosh. I'll hand over this floor to Vinay. Vinay? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Yeah. Thanks. Since that was the last question for the day. We have 
one more request in the chat from Bhavesh Rathod to ask one question. 
Bhavesh you can go ahead and ask your last question. 
 
Bhavesh Rathod: 
Yeah, thank you so much. So my question was regarding about the 
industry. So industry as in we have different segments and different 
printers. As of now, we and other peers as well, how does we create 
moat like everyone outsourced from China and assemble CR or their 
specific regions? Yes, definitely, service is the main key. But apart 
from the how Control Print differentiates from others? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yes, Shiva you want to take this question? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Sorry, I was on mute, can you repeat that question again, please is what 
I was saying? 
 
Bhavesh Rathod: 
Okay, sir. So I'll resume in short. So I was asking how Control Print 
creates a moat apart from other peers since everyone outsources this 
from China and assembles India's specific regions. So what does 
Control Print does different from other peers and what they will do to 
execute in a better way as well? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So like I said, I think that in our Coding and Marking business comes 
to uptime, it comes to different types of technologies. And we've got 
some technologies where we believe we've got a significantly better 
offering than our competitors. So I think definitely, there's a big uptake 
of this. And I think we've got some competitive advantage. 
 
 
I think some people have asked that question, like I said, our entire 
service, our technical aspects, the product range, the depth of certain 
products, especially our competitive advantage. And like I said, and 
only that, like I've always mentioned in the past, I think all three 
competitors, Domino, Markem-Imaje and Videojet also have good 
solutions. 
 
 
So we've all proven the test of time. I think if you ask me personally, 
that's what I believe. I'm not a customer. So every customer is always 
the correct person to ask. But I think we've proven that we have 
something extra compared to the other service providers who are 

 
smaller or something. And that's the reason we've been able to continue 
growing over a more extended period of time. 
 
Bhavesh Rathod: 
Okay. Okay. So just last follow-up question. So recently, one SME 
company got listed, that is, I guess, Aztec Machinery. So any positive 
or negative impact, which can Control Print face from them? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
I think this exact question was covered by someone earlier. I can't 
remember who it was. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Barve, this question has already been answered. 
 
Bhavesh Rathod: 
Okay, we'll check in other calls. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
That brings us to the end of today's call. Shiva or Jaideep, would you 
like to give any closing comments before we end the call? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. Thank you so much for joining, and thanks everyone for their 
time. We got three or four questions by e-mail, if someone does it. I've 
got one question on the chat also about some things about the 
bankruptcy of V-Shapes, certain other things. So again, like I can't 
answer confident individual questions. I think I hope everyone respects 
that. I don't take that any one-on-ones with any investor either. So 
really, I prefer that everyone sends their questions if they have any on 
advance. We'll definitely try to address them or put them in the 
presentation itself rather than giving privileged access to some people. 
 
 
There are a couple of questions about taking in some. So again, if you 
want, we can just post those questions in general, we'll definitely 
answer them. If anything is nonconfidential, we do not have anything. 
The shareholding pattern is not being disclosed. I don't know if 
someone can answer that. I think this is a regulatory disclosure, the 
standard. 
 
 
So I don't know why that would not have happened, must have 
happened. So yes, so just if anyone puts those questions, we'll do it. If 
someone can send any questions you have in advance, whether it's 
related to the specific quarter or a general business, and we'll try to 
address that in the presentation and the questions to the extent possible. 
 
 
So I hope everyone gets their questions answered. And if people can 
read some of the previous concalls and presentation, then what happens 
like I think sometimes there's some repetition. So I would like that if 
you have that one, one and half hours, then it's not just repeating stuff 
that we repeated in the same concall or in the same past whatever 
transcripts, if you will, at least in the last two, three if possible. Thank 
you, everyone. Thank you for joining. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. Thank you to all the participants for joining on the call. 
 

 
Jaideep Barve: 
Thank you, everybody. Thanks. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
And thank you to the management team for giving us their time. This 
bring us to the end of today's conference call. You may all disconnect. 
Thank you. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. 
 
