Nestlé India Limited 
(CIN : L15202DL1959PLC003786) 
Nestlé House 
Jacaranda Marg 
‘M’Block, DLF City, Phase – II 
Gurugram – 122002, Haryana 
Phone 0124 - 3940000 
E-mail: investor@in.nestle.com
Website: www.nestle.in
Regd. Office: 100 / 101, World Trade Centre, Barakhamba Lane, New Delhi – 110 001 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 500790 
PKR:SG:JK: 115:2024-25  
   7th February 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: NESTLEIND 
Subject: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (‘Listing Regulations’): Transcript of analyst and institutional investors meet held on 
4th February 2025 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
Further to our letter PKR:SG:JK: 106:2024-25 dated 17th January 2025 and letter PKR:SG:JK: 112:2024-25 and 
PKR:SG:JK: 113:2024-25 both dated 4th February 2025, and in terms of the Regulation 30 read with Part A of 
Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed transcript of analyst and institutional investors meet 
held on 4th February 2025. The same is being uploaded on the Company’s website 
at https://www.nestle.in/investors/analystsmeet. 
The above is for your information and record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours truly, 
NESTLÉ INDIA LIMITED 
PRAMOD KUMAR RAI  
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
Encl.: as above 
PRAMOD 
KUMAR RAI
Digitally signed by 
PRAMOD KUMAR RAI 
Date: 2025.02.07 
18:39:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 42 
  
 
“Nestlé India Limited 
Analyst and Institutional Investors Meet” 
February 04, 2025 at 3:00 p.m. 
 
Management: 
Mr. Suresh Narayanan – Chairman & Managing Director 
Ms. Svetlana Boldina – Executive Director, Finance and 
Control and Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Sanjay Khajuria – Head Corporate Affairs and 
Sustainability 
Mr. TS Venkateswaran – Head Legal 
Mr. Pramod Kumar Rai – Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
Ms. Simar Preet Kahlon – Corporate Safety, Health and 
Environment Manager  
Mr. Ajay Bajaj – Head Investor Relations 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 42 
Ajay Bajaj: 
Good afternoon, everyone. A warm welcome to all of you to the Nestlé 
India's analyst and institutional investors meet for 2025. It is a pleasure to 
host all of you that are in person and as well as online. I am Ajay Bajaj. I lead 
the Investor Relations for the company.  
And before we begin, I will just share the agenda with you. We will start with 
the introductions first and then we will have a safety briefing from Ms. Simar 
Preet Kahlon who heads our Safety, Health and Environment portfolio before 
we move into the presentation from Mr. Suresh Narayanan. We will have 
Q&A. The Q&A will be both for persons who are present here as well as for 
online attendees and we hope that all of you who are present here can join us 
for a high tea as well. And the proceedings of this session will be recorded 
and will be uploaded on our website.  
So I first of all will introduce you then to the people present here from our 
senior management team. We have Mr. Suresh Narayanan who is the 
Chairman Managing Director. He is there in the center you see. We also have 
Ms. Svetlana Boldina, the Executive Director for Finance and Control and the 
CFO. Mr. Sanjay Khajuria, who heads the Corporate Affairs and 
Sustainability. Mr. T.S. Venkateswaran, he heads our Legal and Mr. Pramod 
Rai, he is the Company Secretary and the Compliance Officer.  
I invite now Simar Madam to just take us through a brief view on the safety. 
Simar Preet Kahlon: Thank you Ajay. For those of you present in the room, I would like to give 
you a safety briefing. There are two emergency scenarios envisaged for this 
building. One is that of fire and the second is that of an earthquake since 
Gurgaon falls in the seismic zone. For the first fire scenario, this building is 
equipped with state-of-art fire detection and mitigation equipment. In the 
unlikely event of a fire, you will hear an automated message on the public 
address system. Please leave the room through the two doors that you can see 
there, as well as the door on this side. Walk through the cafeteria and go out 
of the front glass door through which you entered the building. Take a left 
and assemble on the front lawns, which is the designated assembly area. 
There is no fire drill planned for today so in case you hear a message then it 
is a real scenario. In the second case that is of an earthquake when you feel 
the tremors do not evacuate immediately. 

 
 
Page 3 of 42 
` 
Please move out of the room and stand next to a column or take refuge under 
the furniture that is placed outside in the cafeteria. Once the tremors stop and 
you hear a message for evacuation, please follow the same process. Go out 
through the front doors which you entered the building and take the left and 
assemble at the assembly area and wait for next instructions from the 
emergency coordinator but I hope no such untoward incident happens today 
and all of you have a safe and fruitful visit. Thank you very much and back to 
you Ajay. 
Ajay Bajaj: 
Thank you Simar Madam. So before we start with the main presentation, the 
standard disclaimer.  
Except for the historical financial information contained herein, the 
presentation may contain statements which reflect Management's current 
views and estimates and could be constituted as forward-looking statements. 
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements which holds only as of the date.  
The future involves uncertainties and risks that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from the current views being expressed.  
Potential uncertainties and risks include but are not limited to factors such as 
changes in general economic, political or market conditions, commodities 
and currency fluctuations, competitive product and pricing pressures, 
industrial relations, and regulatory developments.  
Significant disruptions in the operations due to unforeseen events including 
spread of any disease.  
Figures are on standalone basis and are regrouped, reclassified to make them 
comparable.  
Calculations are based on non-rounded figures.  
Analytical data are best estimates to facilitate an understanding of business 
and not meant to reconcile reported figures.  

 
 
Page 4 of 42 
Answers to questions may be given based on generally available information 
in public domain.  
No person is authorized to give any information or take any representation 
not contained in and not consistent with this presentation and if given or 
made such information presentation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorized by or on behalf of Nestlé India Limited.  
The financial year of the Company changed from January 1st and December 
31st cycle to April 1st and March 31st cycle. Accordingly, the financial year 
2023-2024 covers a period of 15 months, commencing from January 1st 2023 
to March 31st 2024.  
Where CY is mentioned in the presentation, it stands for January-December 
calendar year. 
And now I hand over to Mr. Narayanan on his presentation titled, “A Path to 
Progress.” 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Thank you Ajay. Thank you and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and 
good afternoon to all those who also joined online.  
It is a privilege and honour for me to yet again appear in front of you. Like 
one of those theatre actors, I guess you play the role to the hilt and this is one 
of those occasions where I come again to meet and to be amongst friends 
because over the years I have developed a friendship with many of you and 
respect you a lot for what you stand for and what you have done. I also have 
the privilege today like all good succession plannings to introduce my 
successor Manish Tiwari. Manish has just joined 48 hours ago and therefore 
while of course you are most welcome to ask him questions maybe on his 
perception on Nestlé and his own personal perceptions on the culture and the 
people in Nestlé, I would request you sincerely not to ask him business 
questions because it is a bit unfair. When I took on this mantle within 48 
hours of the MAGGI crisis, nobody quite asked me too many questions on 
the business except to ask me whether we will survive or not, and we have 
survived. So thank you all once again for being here today.  

 
 
Page 5 of 42 
What I will do is I will take you through, I call it again, ‘Our Path to 
Progress’. This is a longer period of coverage. This is the last 8-9 years in 
terms of where we are, what we have done, what our pedigree is, what our 
DNA is, what are the challenges and what are the opportunities that lie ahead 
of the company. 
So, therefore, I will talk about four aspects our consistent growth story, 
number one. The rising India opportunity, number two. Delivering on our 
strategy - Virtuous Circle and the five Ps that we always define as our own 
and the key takeaways. I will spend more time on point number one, point 
number three rather than so much on point number two, because that is 
something that is already in the domain of the coverage of companies that 
you do. And I will not be having anything more than what is already 
available to us in terms of the rising India opportunity.  
Every organization begins with a purpose and I think our purpose is very well 
defined by what our founder, Henri Nestlé put forward in 1866, Unlocking 
the power of food to enhance the quality of life for everyone today and for 
generations to come. That is what we do. We do food and beverage for man, 
woman, boy, girl, dog, cat, across the world. And that is really what we 
specialize in. 
What is our growth story? I think many people are, and especially you would 
be and I would be coloured by the recent quarters of growth and to think that 
this is in fact the matrix for growth for the country. I would offer you the 
thesis that actually this is probably coming out of a curve and getting into a 
better curve as we move ahead. And that is really the way I would define it 
because you would not have had a past, which has been good and without a 
blip unless you also look forward to a better future. 
We are deeply entrenched in this country, you know the facts. We have been 
here for 113 years. It is an old company, 8,700 plus employees. The last time 
I presented to you shareholders was about 170,000 shareholders. We split the 
shares and the shareholding went from 170,000 to 547,000 plus. So, we have 
a number of shareholders today. Our societal initiatives have got about 14 
million beneficiaries. We are, remember a company with a purpose, our 
purpose is to not only do good for the shareholder but to do good for society 

 
 
Page 6 of 42 
that is also an integral part of who we are. Our 10,000 plus distributors and 
re-distributors with whom we have a good relationship come hell or high 
water, 5.3 million outlets in terms of total reach, 280,000 farmers whose lives 
we touch and who make our products happen and finally, nine factories going 
on to the tenth one which I will come to.  
There has been significant investment in India and at a time when people 
have been talking about capex, I think this is a company that has put its 
money where its mouth is and in fact invested between 2020 and 2025, we 
would be investing almost INR 5,800 Crores and that is a significant amount 
of money for a food processing company. The investment in the 10th factory 
in Odisha is to begin very soon and the capex levels you can see goes up from 
1.8% in the calendar year 2015 to 7.7% in the financial year ending  
2023-2024. Now, we have Sanand which has opened its doors to a third 
confectionery factory of ours after Ponda and Tahliwal we have now Sanand, 
which is also producing KITKAT and producing it quite well. The capacity 
expansion since 2020 has been significant. The capacities that we have added 
for MAGGI, coffee and chocolates is more than 35%. We would not put that 
up ladies and gentlemen unless we were confident about the future. So this is 
not a company that is going to be just putting up factories for keeping them 
idle. It is keeping them because there is a longer term horizon that we see. 
We do not get cowed down by a year or two years of blip. We look at it more 
in terms of the longer term. 
The growth and financial performance, I am very proud and this is an 
achievement of the entire team and therefore, this is not just me, but I have 
the proud privilege of giving out the roar when the team achieves something. 
Between 2015 and 2023-2024, the turnover of the company has gone up by 
about 134%. This adjusts for the 15-month period. 11.2% CAGR. A profit 
from operations of 15.1% CAGR and a market capitalization, in which also 
the return has gone up by 15.7%. And a market capitalization which is also 
up by 273%. So these are all the results of good work that has been done by 
the team, by the partners and also relevant resonance from the consumers in 
terms of the brands that we have marketed.  

 
 
Page 7 of 42 
We consistently outperformed the peers. Nestlé is never used to be known for 
brandishing its results and wearing it on its sleeve, but I want to share this 
with you with all humility that in all this period we have outperformed the 
peers that we have, the listed peers that we have in our entity. The growth 
during this period since 2015, which is an eight-year period that has been 
taken is marginally ahead of the peers 10.5% is what the peer group organic 
growth is, 11.2% is what Nestlé has delivered. And PAT, profit after tax, is of 
course considerably better, 11.2% versus 23.2%. Not only we compare 
ourselves with what we do globally and what we do as an absolute entity, but 
how we compare ourselves to peer group as well.  
The growth is based on a balanced portfolio. This in 2015 when I came on 
board, one of the accusations that was made is that this is a single product 
MAGGI company. I think we have moved on. It is not to say that it has 
become completely and totally dimensionalised change, but change has 
begun. And change has begun to show on the portfolio of the company as 
well. About 39% coming from Milk Products and Nutrition. It is a more 
mature category in terms of its size and heft with a 6% growth. Our Prepared 
Dishes and Cooking Aids, MAGGI, that came back from the dead literally in 
2015 roaring to a 19% growth during this period with a 31% contribution. 
Out of Home, which I will talk briefly to you about is a significant 
opportunity and Nestlé is well placed in terms of portfolio, in terms of 
capability and in terms of commitment to play the game in out of home. 
Our Confectionary what was relatively languishing business 10 years ago is 
now a roaring business doing well, 16% contribution, 14% is the growth that 
we have seen on this. And the Powdered and Liquid Beverages which 
captures our coffee business has grown significantly and continues to do well 
as you have seen in the latest quarter results as well. Coffee is an area of lot 
of happiness for us and considerable scope for future growth with a lot of 
other initiatives that is coming on.  
What drives this? I think one of the things that we have talked about and 
which has been a consistent refrain of mine in strategic terms has been 
penetration-led growth strategy. Penetration-led, volume-led growth strategy 
is what our simple strategy is. There is nothing else, nothing more, nothing 

 
 
Page 8 of 42 
less than that. The first step in that is to reach as many outlets as you can. 
And I think that is something that we are very happy doing. I think the 
operational savviness and skill of the company is fairly strong. Execution 
skills are something that is at a premium at Nestlé. And in 2024, we reported 
5.3 million outlets. Now you will say why only 5.3? Please remember that 
during the MAGGI crisis, we lost a million outlets. We were down from 5 to 
4 and we had to rebuild the whole distribution back again. 
In 2024, amongst the F&B companies added in percentage term, the 
maximum number of outlets close to 5% of outlets have been added and is 
the highest gain amongst peers in 2024. This is the manifestation of the 
RUrban strategy that you are seeing which I will come to very, very briefly 
and that is what is helping us to buffet some of the headwinds that we see in 
mega cities and metros being balanced with more greater opportunities in the 
smaller towns.  
Bolstered by an aggressive digital approach, you would say why is not he 
talking about television commercials? They continue to be strong, but 51% of 
our media spends are today digital. They would have been less than half of 
this even five years ago. So there has been a considerable heft as far as digital 
spends are concerned. You all know the math, 1.1 billion mobile phone users, 
25 million grocery shoppers and 86% socially influenced. It makes sense to 
fish where the fish are and that is really what we are doing. And since 2020, a 
126% increase in the total digital media spend is what we report. This number 
is only going to accelerate as we move forward in the direction of new 
categories and new spends.  
Strengthened by household penetration, penetration-led means households. 
We have to get to more number of households. This has also been a good 
story for us between 2016 and 2024, there has been a 50% increase in the 
number of households that consume MAGGI, 52% households do. Coffee 
consumption again two examples 2016 to 2024, 130% growth and about 30% 
of households. So more number of households, more number of packs, more 
number of outlets gives us the arithmetic of frequency of purchase and 
making the market shares happen for us. 

 
 
Page 9 of 42 
This has led to robust volume growth. Volume growth is what you seek, is 
what we have sought always. And you see this number. I am giving you a 
longer perspective as we can easily get disheartened by what we have seen in 
the last couple of quarters. And I again believe that this is a chapter of a book, 
but the book itself is fairly interesting and robust. This growth for us has been 
9.5% growth from 2015 to 2023. What I would like to leave you with is a 
simple message. This company knows how to generate volume growth. That 
is what is our DNA. There are some companies that chase turnovers. This 
company chases volumes, chases single units, eaches as we call it. And that is 
where the efficiency of the organization gets established over a period of 
time. So that has led to volume growth and it has further amplified our brand 
scores.  
One of the characteristics of consumer companies are probably threefold. 
One strong brands with differentiated propositions, relatively strong margins 
which are capable of supporting the growth story and third, reach capabilities 
that are strong and fourth, execution capabilities which are unparalleled. If 
you have these four, by and large, you should be able to create a successful 
roster of brands and companies over a period of time. And that is what we are 
blessed with. MAGGI post the crisis has rolled back and come back to great 
strength. Not that everything is stitched and everything is done. There is still 
competition out there which we are cognizant of. 
So those of you who might ask me the question saying, what are you doing 
with regional competition? Yes, we are there in the game to ensure that we 
get the fair share of our business. So we are not going to be sleeping at the 
wheel saying that look these are not important. They are important, they have 
to be respected, and some of them are pretty good. So therefore, that is the 
response mechanism we will have. KITKAT again has done very well. 
KITKAT was number 10 in the world 10 years ago in the Nestlé world. 
Today it is number two. It has come a long way. We are just fighting shy of 
getting the crown from the UK. So we may not get the Kohinoor, but one day 
we will get the title of being the largest KITKAT market. That is a dream that 
I'm sure Manish will requite in due course. NESCAFÉ again has done 
extremely well. This is a category of choice now for the youth. Earlier tea 
used to be the drink of social animals. Today coffee is the drink of choice, is 

 
 
Page 10 of 42 
a drink of social bonding and that is where Nestlé is very well placed in terms 
of its portfolio. 
And category leading brands, ultimately all of this, the penetration, the 
volume, the outlet reach, the media and digital exposures, the differentiation 
that we do all leads to category leading brands. And I am proud of the fact 
that we have in many of our categories, category leading brands. NESCAFÉ 
very, very strong. MAGGI with four-and-a-half billion serves is by far the 
biggest. Between MUNCH and KITKAT, we cover almost six billion units 
that are being sold, 33 million tins of MILKMAID. And this is where it is 
interesting, is out of home. We have almost 940 plus one Nestlé kiosk, which 
are kiosk that sell the whole range of Nestlé that just relevant at tourist spots, 
at educational institutions and other places. And hey, this is incidentally 
bigger than many QSRs in terms of the number of outlets that we have. Of 
course, the size of each outlet is different, but I am just looking at the 
geographic footprint and the relevant consumer footprint. All this with 20 
million 2 Crores people walking in and out, all target groups, all youngsters, 
all people who are interested in brands makes for a huge trial opportunity and 
penetration opportunity for our brands. So, this is something that we work on 
and all of this is a self-sustaining business model. So, this is not bleeding at 
the seams for us to take it down. This is a self-sustaining business model that 
has been worked. So, our Nestlé product reaches two out of three households 
in India. It reaches 80% of the urban households and as yet 60% of the rural 
households. That is where the challenge is, that is where the opportunity for 
the company is.  
So the rising Indian opportunity, this you know it well, you know the GDP 
ranking. What is interesting here is that why is it exciting for packaged 
foods? It is exciting for packaged foods because even Philippines and 
Malaysia are at anywhere between three to four times in per capita terms the 
consumption of packaged food. Packaged food is the first food of choice 
when you uptrade from loose or from unbranded. This is therefore a 
significant opportunity for us going forward. Since we have a wide portfolio, 
since we are a packaged food and beverage company, this is where the 
opportunity for us comes. Now where do we go to, how do we unpeel the 
onion is something that strategy, time, execution, and resources will tell. But 

 
 
Page 11 of 42 
that there is an opportunity, I think is a no brainer as far as India is concerned. 
The consumer class is going up significantly. We have pressure points. I 
know I was the one who made the comment about a shrinking middle class 
right and some sense it has been answered in this budget. 
I am so happy to hear that. But again, let us be very clear that companies like 
mine; we survive and thrive on the affordable population and the middle 
class. It is important. To us, the rich are important for what they buy, but it is 
the midstream that is important for us because that is the belly of the market. 
And there almost 60 million households are estimated to be added in the next 
7 to 8 years at least till 2030. Those are the numbers that we have got.  
Despite opportunities, challenges remain. So, I do not want to leave you with 
the picture as I have always done. I think credibility and trustworthiness have 
been some characteristic I have tried to and strive to develop in all these 
years. Is not to show that everything is rosy and pink and everything must 
click back again to huge growth. There are challenges. Some of the 
challenges in fact are opportunities. Evolving consumer trends, I will cover 
three premiumization and consumer experience, rising health consciousness 
and out of home. And the whole slowdown in consumption story. What do I 
see of it and where is it going, commodity inflation, urban rural consumption 
and there is a third piece on geopolitics that I will not talk about because that 
is a subject that is beyond my pale of competence. But you all know the 
consequences of geopolitics and how it is going to play with the supply chain 
and future output profiles of this country.  
What is our strategy? Our strategy globally and this is a globally articulated 
strategy by Laurent Freixe our new CEO is a very simple strategy. It seeks to 
achieve three things, achieve efficiencies, deploy the resources in investing in 
key brands and growth platforms, drive market shares and thereby drive 
profitable growth. So, it is a Virtuous Circle of seeking efficiencies, brands, 
investment, market shares, and growth. Enabled by four platforms, Nestlé 
continuous excellence, which I will give you a brief example in this 
presentation. Good for the planet, data and AI is becoming an important 
element of who we are, good for you, which is the whole piece on upgrading 
the value of nutrition and the competitive advantage of our products. Inspired 

 
 
Page 12 of 42 
by three pieces, creating shared value, quality or values and safety and at the 
core are our consumer people and teams. So, it is a simple straightforward 
strategy that pivots itself on three vectors, gets inspired by four enablers, gets 
cemented by four platforms and of course is executed by the team across the 
organization and across the world. This is indeed the same strategy that we 
had put together called Grow to Win which was similar, Grow to Win using 
consumer innovation using investments, using penetration, and using 
simplification as part of the platform. 
So what are the evolving consumer trends which are the two or three big 
trends that gives us hope for the future? Number one is premiumisation and 
consumer experience. I put here and these are all approximate numbers. So 
please, please do not hold me to the math on this, but this is the overall 
opportunity.  
The overall premiumization opportunity we see in our categories is roughly 
7,500 Crores. Today the growth of this portfolio is about 16% on a CAGR 
basis since 2015. Premium products are outpacing the category growth. That 
is what you hear from most companies and that is what we also report. Nestlé 
has a brand portfolio to deliver. So, that is an important part that we are not 
here seeking to build a premium portfolio. We already have a premium 
portfolio which we can leverage and grow to fruition. Premiumization trend 
is universal across urban and rural. So it is no longer true to say that only 
urban India and the urban rich or the urban middle class consume premium 
products, even rural India is also having a taste for premium products. And as 
part of the RUrban strategy, this is what is being tapped into for the future. 
So, some of the premiumization trends, prepared dishes and cooking aids that 
are different. What is being sought here is taste and variety. The consumers 
are seeking taste and variety and different platforms of consumption. So we 
have our products that are ready there. Milk products and nutrition seeks 
nutrition as its key pivot and also differentiation in terms of what we can 
offer. The recent reintroduction of ready to drink or relaunch of ready to 
drink has met with an encouraging response in the market and that is 
something that is part of the RTD revolution that is taking place in the 
country. Powdered and Liquid Beverages, premium coffees including 
NESPRESSO that I will come to is defining the coffee experience and does 

 
 
Page 13 of 42 
offer a greater opportunity for growth. Confectionery, again premium 
confectionery which is still a small part of our portfolio is powering ahead 
quite well and will give us incremental growth and profitability for the future. 
And finally, of course, Pet Care. Pet Care is a relatively small category for us, 
but it is a category that offers considerable promise because we have global 
competence here and the ambitions on this are also fairly significant.  
So, this is what we are talking about in Pet Care. What gives me the 
confidence you would say look why is he suddenly talking about Pet Care? 
There are three things in pet care that gives us the confidence as a company. 
One deep consumer insights, probably one of the best marketed categories in 
this company is Pet Care. 
The degree of depth and knowledge and understanding of pet consumers and 
pets themselves is pretty strong. The portfolio covers the consumer 
landscape. So, there is a wider landscape that we talk about and world-class 
R&D. I think the R&D facilities that we have access to is truly world class 
with a possibility of customization to a context as well, which is important. 
And India is very well placed because we are the fifth largest in terms of pet 
population, almost 30 million pets, more dogs and less cats. But the cat 
population is also growing at a fairly nifty pace. So the power of pets, the 
power of Purina and the power of Nestlé is what we are bringing together. So 
therefore this is an area of incremental investment and incremental growth. 
NESPRESSO you all know it and I think it is a category that even though it 
was not formally launched in this country still had a lot of salience. I think it 
is the premium coffee consumption and the fact that we deal with a 150,000 
coffee farmers and some of the farmers are in India as well, almost 2,000 of 
these farmers are in India supplying them premium coffees, premium 
arabicas and robustas in order to make the coffee happen. Delighting 
consumers with the original and also with a professional range of machines, 
some of them have already been introduced in the country. The NESPRESSO 
website is now live. We will be opening shortly a boutique in Delhi to begin 
with and then it will go to Bombay and to various other places as we go. And 
to just break the monotony, I thought I will share with you the latest 
commercial of NESPRESSO, which is quite an interesting one. George 
Clooney, any other way is just as sweet. So this is something that we are very 

 
 
Page 14 of 42 
excited about. Clearly this is a domain competence for the Company and as 
you know with the rich in India splurging on various premium products, 
NESPRESSO offers that opportunity as well. So, we look forward to 
accelerating the journey with NESPRESSO.  
Rising health consciousness, I think this is becoming one of the truisms of the 
country today and what do we have to offer? I think this is intrinsically a 
strong nutrition based company. The size of the price here in just the nutrition 
and the prepared dishes area is about INR 3,400 Crores that is how big the 
market is. In milk products and nutrition, I think both for toddler nutrition 
and for a chilled dairy, there are numerous initiatives that are being looked at 
in order to enhance the quality of the nutrition that we seek to offer. And in 
fact, that extends itself to prepare dishes and cooking aids as well. I mean, we 
have Veg Atta there. We have besan noodles. We have millets and we have 
oat and we have different offerings that are on the anvil. 
Quite a few of the projects are on the anvil for enhancing the nutrition 
quotient of the brands as we move forward. The other one of course, is a joint 
venture with Dr. Reddy's I will come to that a little bit later, INR24,000 
Crores is the opportunity I think it brings together the best of Dr. Reddy's and 
Nestlé Health Science and I will report on it a little bit later in my 
presentation on what we think are the big opportunities there. What is above 
all important in nutrition is R&D, science, technology, and facts. And that is 
something that we are privileged to have as a company of unimpeachable 
quality. Almost 1.8 billion is R&D costs in the calendar year 2023, more than 
4,000 employees, 23 sites, and we have access to them, to the throughput of 
these R&D centres. And this is what will flow into some of the categories 
that we are talking about. The Nestlé Health Science products that will be 
part of the Dr. Reddy's portfolio will be by and large manufactured locally, 
which really means that we will be getting some of the expertise from the 
R&D facilities to be able to do that as we move forward.  
Out of home, I think this is a very, very exciting market. It is a very exciting 
proposition. It is expected to double by 2030. There are estimates anywhere 
between 25 to 30 billion dollars of business. The food service market is 
getting more organized in the coming years. I think post COVID, one of the 

 
 
Page 15 of 42 
phenomenona that we have seen is that people are a lot more careful today 
about what they consume and where they consume it. And hygiene and safety 
and reliability is an important part of that consumption profile. Cafes are 
driving coffee culture and that gives us also the opportunity. And Gen Z and 
millennials are seeking new food experiences. So, some of the vending 
opportunities that we have got and some of them are outside here, there is a 
Compatto machine there which you might like to try in after the Meet gets 
over which has for the first time freshly brewed tea. Normally you get, the tea 
bag wala chai, but this is freshly brewed tea and freshly brewed coffee. And 
the freshly brewed tea has got other flavours that you can add to it, which is 
like an adhrak, like a tulsi, like a masala and various other things that really 
makes it even more exciting and it is relatively inexpensive. So, it is not a 
really expensive proposition either. So these kind of solutions you will be 
happy to note are developed by Nestlé India. So, these are solutions 
developed here, customized here, manufactured here and rolled out here, 
customized to Indian standards and also with digital payment facilities. 
So therefore, you do not have to look for change in any of the digital profiles 
can help you in order to make the payments. And this is an interesting area 
together with of course, food solutions which has also been an important part 
of the journey. Food solutions especially using coconut milk powder and 
others is becoming important. Chef, the abilities to conjure up new recipes 
and to try out new food habits is also becoming an important part and parcel 
of the out of home experience. And that is where we find our portfolio to be 
rich and to be relevant for this. So some of it I talked about Compatto, I 
talked about NESPRESSO. We have expanded into branded collaboration 
with marquee customers. So whether it is Social or Chai Point or 711 or any 
of the others, I think there has been a lot of collaboration that has taken place. 
In fact, even in the recent Kumbh Mela, we made inroads with Chai Point and 
others in terms of the RTD and the chocolates portfolio to make it available 
in large gatherings. Now you may say that maybe not all of the people who 
come there are our target consumers, but literally creating the awareness for 
the brands and availability of the brand itself is a starting process. And of 
course, the retail one outlets have now for example not just NESCAFÉ zones, 
but also KITKAT break zones. So KITKAT recipes are being tried out there, 
curated KITKAT menus are being tried there in order to expand the usage of 

 
 
Page 16 of 42 
the brand. So, there is multiple touch points and we have a lot of expertise 
and investment that is being put into competence building in this part of the 
business, which has rules of the game which are quite different from the retail 
part of the business. I mean the way in which a Nestlé Professional guy will 
talk to you is quite different from the way in which a retail guy will talk to 
you, because the drivers and motivators of business are quite different. 
Innovation you would ask about innovation. Innovation has moved up quite 
niftily, quite smartly for the company. It was at about 1.5% in 2016, it has 
moved up to about 6.5% now in the nine months of 2024-2025. About 150 
new products have been launched in the last nine years. What was different is 
that the pace of innovation has gone up almost three times and failing to 
succeed has now become an accepted mantra at least of this organization. So, 
there are numerous experiments which have failed, but I am happy to support 
it because unless you support failure, you will never see success. Today, they 
contribute 6.5% to sales. I would like to see this ambition go to at least to 
10%, which would be a good number to have as far as innovation is 
concerned. 
But having said that, there are quite a few projects on the anvil, there are at 
least 16 to 20 more projects that are on the anvil. The question is, when do we 
launch them, how do we support them and how do we prioritize them? I think 
those are the idea machine in Nestlé or the development machine in Nestlé is 
never idle. The question is how much can you afford in the context of the 
inflationary circumstance that you are on and the need to support some of the 
core brands are concerned. So, that is the primary motivator of investing 
behind these brands.  
A slowdown in consumption growth I think really what we see is a food 
inflation that continues to hurt. It is impacting budgets in research after 
research the consumer is feeding back to us. We are buying more expensive 
but consuming less. That is a simple answer that is coming. Hopefully some 
of the changes that have been made will mitigate the situation but clearly, 
headline inflation is moderating, but high prices persist on select agri 
commodities. And to just give you an idea, I think milk is being relatively 
stable, coffee has been a complete super inflation, almost a chaotic curve to 
follow. Point to point between this year and last year, the coffee prices are up 

 
 
Page 17 of 42 
75%. It is very difficult for any company to survive with 75% increases and 
still manage growth. And so, that is where it is. Our exposure is relatively 
lower to cocoa, but nevertheless I think the price of cocoa has been 
significantly impacted and continues to rise dramatically again in the 40-50% 
kind of range of increase. Wheat was relatively stable but with the winter 
sowing being a little bit impacted and with the increase in the procurement 
price that has been announced, there will be some increase in the price of 
wheat as well. Packaging relatively stable so far. Edible oils also have met 
with some increase in the recent past. We do hope that this stabilizes, but the 
worry factors here are really coming in from coffee and to a certain extent 
from cocoa and wheat, which would be the things that we have to watch out 
for. So, this clearly then means that we have to find ways of mitigating it and 
this is really what we have done. I come back to this Nestlé continuous 
excellence which is translated into our company as project Shark. We have 
been doing it for many years. So it has really been about three vectors, buying 
efficiencies, manufacturing and conversion cost efficiencies, distribution cost 
and only the final element left to pricing. This has now, I am proud to say, 
become a part of the DNA of the company. In fact, everything from 
photocopying costs to large capex costs are being monitored. 
And something like 7,700 projects have been on since 2016 to generate 
anywhere between 1% of sales to now almost 2% of sales. So, that helps us to 
mitigate some of the costs that happen. Only after this, because we are a 
penetration led volume growth company, remember that is what our core 
strategy is, only after we have exhausted the opportunities of procurement 
economies of material usage and of the cost dynamics of buying smart, do we 
even touch pricing. So pricing is the last element that we would like to touch. 
Unfortunately, we have had to touch a fair bit of it because the increases have 
been extremely sharp in the last couple of years.  
Growth, where is it today, what do we see? This is exactly the information 
that you have that we also see. Urban growth has tapered downwards. Rural 
growth is looking upwards, but yet I think the cause for concern on growth 
continues to remain. It is not something that we are completely out of the 
woods. Urban unemployment, tepid real wage growth and post COVID 
moderation are what we see as the three big reasons. But having said this, I 

 
 
Page 18 of 42 
think some of the steps that have been taken in the budget especially the 
putting on the table 100,000 crores of consumption expenditure, part of it I 
hope does come into consumption. Some of it might go into savings and 
paring down debt that can happen and that probably will happen. But even if 
some of it comes into consumption, it will be a positive flip as far as many of 
the companies; especially the midstream companies are concerned. The top 
end companies only way the premium segment will not feel the pinch either 
way, but those in the PPP segment or in the belly of the market will certainly 
feel some positive impact I do hope as we move forward.  
Outlet expansion, I think this is clearly something that we are very proud of, 
that we have done under the circumstances. And what have we done here? 
The RUrban strategy just to refresh your memories involves four pieces, 
infrastructure, visibility, portfolio and consumer connect. There is a lot of 
data and database that is being used and Nesmitra is one of our data analytic 
platforms. It is an application that helps us to track at an outlet level what to 
sell, when to sell, how much to sell, and what not to sell. So, it is a powerful 
tool that we have got that helps us to potentially cover a million and a half 
outlets if not more. The RD-DMS is redistributor, so, below the 2,000 odd 
distributors there are about 10,000 odd redistributors. We are one of the few 
companies that has got a data plug into the redistributors as well. So we know 
the demand and off-take patterns. 
And this as I will come to will help us in terms of the use of AI for predictive 
models of demand generation, which will be a little bit more granular and 
accurate simply because we have been able to track data and analytics at the 
ground level, at the base level.  
So the village coverage, it was quite modest. In 2020, we were covering just 
about 70,000 villages. Today, we are covering more than 200,000 villages. 
The distribution touch points, so it is a classic distribution gauge. So there is, 
this is not application based that you can just wish away and wish in outlets. 
You have to do it on the ground. So on the ground there are people, there are 
structures, there are organizations, there are brands, there are portfolios 
making it happen. Distribution touch points have gone up from about 12,000 
to about 21,000, 7,400 towns are covered, but the question that is relevant 

 
 
Page 19 of 42 
fact for you is that more than 200,000 villages are covered. Again, in terms of 
activation, India, there are multiple flywheels in India. There is One India 
which is digital, which is quick commerce, which is e-commerce, which is 
ordering on app. There is a considerable part of India which depends on heart 
activation and rural and village fares. We have not forgotten that India 
because that India is at the core of our consumption. So the number of 
activation points and the number of activation activities have gone up 
considerably. Feet on the street, we still are a company that believes in the 
power of the distributor salesman to make productivity, and portfolio 
representation happen. It is not yet ripe for purely an app to do that. Maybe in 
some of the urban centres, in large metros and mini metros, you can do that. 
But in the smaller RUrban markets, it is still a question of a distributor 
salesman taking a call, going there, but fully enabled with a package and I 
will come to that. Today we have a powerful package that helps him on call 
on each outlet without doing any guesswork, what to sell, when to sell, what 
to promote, what not to promote and what outcome to expect. This is all the 
power of analytics and artificial intelligence that we are able to put in. And 
RUrban smart stores again I think opening up the number of visible and 
dedicated stores is also something that is part of this journey.  
Increasing competitive intensity in RUrban. I said we take regional 
competition seriously and therefore there are campaigns, which are building 
awareness of taste and quality at a granular local level. There are digital 
interventions, but there are also other media interventions. There are price 
point strategies that are there. So we had Rs.5 pack which we had to 
discontinue and make it 7. 
So we launched a Rs.10 pack and offering value at the Rs.7 price point as 
well in order to ensure that there is no serious long term consumption loss for 
the organization.  
Accelerating our e-commerce footprint, I think this has been a great story. 
We have a portfolio that is tailored to the shopper needs, a portfolio that is 
focused on the e-commerce and quick commerce. And one of the advantages 
we are getting, sometimes what happens is what your customer does helps 
you to improve your own efficiencies. I think one of the advantages of quick 

 
 
Page 20 of 42 
commerce has been that our capability, our supply chain management has 
dramatically improved. We have to challenge ourselves because the 
consumer challenges us. Blinkit asks us a question saying I deliver in eight 
minutes, why should you take two days? Good question. So, Nestlé puts its 
hat on it, works, puts systems, puts practices and ensures that at least we get it 
down to one day and hopefully now we will get it down to a couple of hours. 
The increasing name of the game in this country is going to be enhanced 
efficiency and effectiveness and the use of AI for predicting the future rather 
than just having brands and differentiation. And that is really the name and 
that is what the third part holistic supply chain approach for quick commerce 
is the exciting journey. And since we have a young supply chain team, they 
are also excited because it is using a lot of analytics data and an exploratory 
approach. It is almost a moon shot in some cases in supply chain that is being 
taken which is starting to bear results, but more of course has to be done. 
Today 8.5% contribution and growth of course 33% so the growth is good, 
but as a company we always balance our channels. So I do not want you to 
get the impression that it will be quick commerce and quick commerce all the 
way. We know we have quick commerce. We know we have got other 
traditional e-commerce. We know we got traditional trade. We know we got 
modern trade. We know we got pharmacies. We know we got other outlets. 
We have to balance the terms of trade between all of this on the principle of 
fairness, salience, and sustainability. And therefore, if you notice that Nestlé 
is not in the name in terms of fracas with distributor associations or retail 
associations, it is because of that. It is because we balance it out and we do 
not go one way or the other after a short term phenomenon because we 
believe that going forward there will be a balancing out that will take place 
and none of the channels will entirely vanish or none of the channels will 
entirely dominate the outlet tapestry. 
So, this brings us to the virtuous circle to our lives which is really the five P's 
purpose, people, planet, partnerships, and performance. And again I will 
come to the performance part of it creating value for all shareholders, the 
volume growth that you have seen; the organic growth which has been 
consistent. The reason past has not been as strong, but what I want to point 
out to you is that the company that has a DNA and a pedigree of strong 

 
 
Page 21 of 42 
growth can have a temporary bout of flu, but does not mean that it is going to 
be in the ICU very soon. 
 So there is a question of coming out of it, which is what we are seeing. 
Accelerating profit from operations, I think I am very happy to see that in the 
last decade almost 500 basis points of operating margins have been improved 
as a company. If you look at it in terms of EBITDA, it is about the same. The 
EBITDA margins being little higher, but almost about 500 basis points there 
too. And about a 15.1% CAGR in terms of 2015 to 2023. So double digit on 
growth and double digit on profits as well. Again you will see that the nine 
month of course, has been a little bit impacted and that is impacted really 
because of the overall slowdown and the commodity inflation that has forced 
us to take some price increases that we would have not liked to, but which we 
are compelled to in order to balance the equation. Best in class return on 
equity, I think I say this without boasting that we are probably the highest 
return on equity in amongst listed companies, much higher than our 
competitors. This in itself is not a reason to valorize us, but it is a reason to 
assure yourself that the company is reasonably well managed to be able to 
deliver equity levels and returns which are fairly strong. Value creation 
journey continues. If you look at the combination of stock price appreciation, 
dividends put together which is the total shareholder return up by 314% in 
2015 to 2023, 17.1% annualized return and about a 3.1 times operating cash 
flow that has been generated. So I feel a bit satisfied that it has been a path of 
progress, progress that has been fairly strong and in fact the market cap is up 
by 3.7 times which is 1.4 times ahead of the FMCG benchmark index at least 
during this period. Of course, the recent past is a different story. So, I am not 
trying to justify it, but to just tell you that the longer term has been much 
stronger than what the immediate short term indicates.  
Partnerships I think I would like to focus on distributors, on suppliers, on 
farmers, on retail outlets, on direct and indirect sustainability partners and of 
course on the joint venture. I will take just two examples here for you. 
One is this partnership you would say that we got into it. This is the first of its 
kind in India for Nestlé, a joint venture partnership with Dr. Reddy's. And I 
think it is combining the synergies of product portfolio and distribution reach. 

 
 
Page 22 of 42 
We are a consumer product company with a more limited health care 
exposure as compared to Dr. Reddy's which is a health care company. And 
therefore, the coming together of the portfolio in the 49-51 combination that 
you see over there, the integration has been successful. I happen to be 
involved with the Board of that company as well. The integration has been 
successful. The teams are working well together. They came together only in 
July of last year, but I think the integration has been strong and solid. They 
have shown double digit growth, which is also encouraging. And there are 
new launches on the anvil from some of the Nestlé Health Science portfolio 
and some of the Dr. Reddy portfolio as well. So this offers us and you will 
see that one of the biggest challenges for the country is efficacious healthcare 
products. And that is a large opportunity. I talked there about INR 24,000 
Crores, that is just a number. But it is a large opportunity. It is an opportunity 
that also does good for the company and does good for society. So this is 
something that we are quite enthused by and I would like to thank my 
colleagues at Dr. Reddy's for enabling the support to make this partnership 
work.  
Logistics excellence, I think one of the things post GST, we have looked at 
upgrading our supply chain networks and looking at distribution centres and 
redefining the levels of technology and capability in the distribution centres. 
We have effectively transformed about 13 distribution centres. That means, 
ladies and gentlemen, 26 moves because each one is a move in itself. Almost 
more than half of the sales have been covered. And there has been a lot of 
new technology, new initiatives that have been put into the supply chain 
space, including creating digital twins at our distribution centre in Bhiwandi, 
which helps us in terms of the planning mechanism and the resource 
allocation mechanism for the future. So, these are new developments which I 
am very happy to report.  
People, this is a subject that is very close to my heart and I am very proud of 
the fact that we have nurtured an inclusive and a diverse work culture. I think 
diversity and inclusivity are alive and well, irrespective of what they might 
seem to ESG trackers, but for us, it is an important part of who we are. And 
encouraging gender diversity is a key part of the management philosophy of 
the company. 

 
 
Page 23 of 42 
Happy to report and you know it already that 50% of my Board consists of 
leading women independent directors. We have amongst the highest 
representation in the field force in FMCG at 21% and we have about a fourth 
of our white collar which consists of women. So there is a strong focus here. 
There is also of course the factory at Sanand, which is majority women. The 
factory in Odisha when it comes up will also be majority women. And 
making ourselves more salient, making ourselves more relevant and making 
ourselves more robust as far as talent is concerned is one of the important 
tasks that management has. In fact, if there is going to be one differentiating 
factor for most companies in the war of talent that will take place, it is the 
quality of the talent and we focus a lot on it. And yes, despite having Gen Z's, 
you know, Gen Z's and millennials constitute about 80% of this office. So I 
am the oldest guy on the block and I too will be gone soon. So therefore the 
average age will fall down quite dramatically. And you think that Gen Z's run 
away very quickly and they get bored. We have an attrition of 10% or less. 
So there must be some good reason why they stay where they stay. And we 
are not the highest paymasters, we are not the guys who give the most 
moolah in the system. But there is a way in which we conduct our work and a 
way in which we go about our job, which probably makes them stay in the 
company. And sustained industrial relations, happy to report that there’ll  be 
no strikes, no lockouts, no hartal, no bund of any kind in this company in the 
last couple of years, which I am happy because I think we live in stressful 
times and it is important to run operations, which are also relatively stress 
free.  
Planet I think four elements, I will not dwell more on it because it is 
something that I have shared with you before, but some parts I might cover 
with you. Four areas where we work on climate action, sustainable 
packaging, caring for water, and responsible sourcing. Dairy and dairy 
interventions on climate change has been one of the important interventions 
of the company. We are one of the pioneers in the use of biodigesters on 
farms. In our farms in Moga almost 5,000 plus biodigesters have been 
installed. That makes a circular economy as far as the manure is concerned. It 
is used for biogas and also used for fertilizers. Also makes for a reduced 
carbon emission as far as the farm itself is concerned. GHG emissions down 

 
 
Page 24 of 42 
by 61%, this is from the period 2008, it is a 15-year reporting cycle that we 
have, consistent with our sustainability report. 
Energy usage down by 29%, water usage down by half, generation of waste 
water down by 60%. And what I am proud about is that we are plastic neutral 
since 2020, which means that the amount of plastic that we use in our 
products is neutralized by the amount of plastics that we collect and recycle. 
So that is a positive note as far as sustainability is concerned. Again to boost 
sustainability, we are looking at ways and means of how we can contribute to 
the environment. And one of the projects that we worked on is a biomass 
facility in Moga, which you know is in Punjab and reducing the reliance on 
fossil fuels has been one of the key drivers of our company. We are kind of 
zero coal as of now and hopefully we will be HSD free as well in the 
foreseeable future. But what is exciting in the Moga facility is that we collect 
the stubble and make that into briquettes and use it for the biomass facility. 
So, almost 4% of stubble in Moga district is collected by the company and 
made into briquettes and used in the biomass facility. So, it is a start. We do 
hope that this becomes an example in Punjab to be able to build larger 
facilities, but reduction in GHG emissions and to create an additional farmers 
income, because the farmer sells the stubble, it is not free. They sell the 
stubble. They make some money and also hopefully to whatever extent it 
reduces the polluted atmosphere here even by a micron that will be an 
important contribution. I think I will just share with you the method that has 
been used for this. 
So, the attempt is to create such circular economy wherever we are. The 
initial experiment has been in Moga. Wherever possible a similar setup would 
be created. We are working in close partnership with Thermax, they are the 
ones who do this for us and I think a couple of plants have already been made 
by them, which are all working quite well for us in reducing our carbon 
footprint. Sustainable sourcing for coffee, I think this has been a highlight of 
the coffee plan. What I want you to note is the fact that every kilogram of 
coffee that we procure in a sustainable manner has got an on charge of 
anywhere between Rs.3 and Rs.4 per kilogram following the sustainable 
practices. So when you drink a cup of NESCAFÉ, you are drinking a 
sustainable cup of coffee where the farmer has been rewarded. So, it is not 

 
 
Page 25 of 42 
that it comes to us gratis. About 55% of the coffee is procured sustainably, it 
takes time to convert farmers into a sustainable way because they have to 
trade off the price with the yield. 
Now price is not an issue, but there was a time when price was an issue and 
they would trade off the price realization vis-a-vis the yield that they were 
doing. And regenerative agricultural practices to address GHG emissions, I 
believe we have a short video on this as well. Again both for KITKAT and 
for MAGGI there are recycling plants that are in place that make it happen. I 
will share with you the MAGGI story and the NESCAFÉ story in brief. 
So this is the NESCAFÉ plan run very successfully and I believe is also a 
very valuable contribution to the local society. It spreads by word of mouth 
more farmers come to us and that is how we expand the scope for sustainable 
coffee in this country.  
Purpose, I think staying true to our purpose is clearly something that we are 
very, very proud of. So, this is something that we do beyond the scope of just 
the business activities. And I will share with you some initiatives here that we 
have done. There are about 14 million beneficiaries that are impacted as a 
result of what Nestlé does. About 13 million has been through Project Jagriti, 
which is an adolescent and young adult programme centered around nutrition, 
around healthy habits, about preventing early marriages and of really trying 
to ensure that people lead healthy lives. Water and sanitation, I think you all 
know it, that one of the major reasons for school dropouts in rural areas is 
because there is no drinking water and there is no sanitation in most of the 
places. So therefore around our factories we have done a fair amount of work. 
Livelihood, the projects Serve Safe Food which is to train street hawkers on 
hygienic selling and hygienic preparation of dishes that they serve 
consumers. And in fact, we have an established model that shows that the 
income of these trained hawkers actually goes up as a result of the 
intervention. Almost 70,000 of them are there. Project Jigyasa, it is what 
started off as an ambition to inculcate science in schools. Today, we have 
about 20 schools where we have simple experiments in science that are being 
done amongst secondary school children in order to enhance their 
understanding of scientific principles. Hopefully some of them will go on to 

 
 
Page 26 of 42 
become science students in their lives as well. Project Hilldaari, which is in 
seven hill stations largely, looking at plastic or waste collection, segregation. 
And I think that is something that we have been doing for almost 10 years 
now. 
And so much so that the municipalities, they do not want us to walk away 
because they do not have any other sort of agency that can do the job for 
them. But it is important that as a result of this, the identity and the self-worth 
of the garbage segregators and their own health facilities have improved as a 
result of our intervention. And finally, rural development, which I will share 
with you a short video. One of the objectives we took on as a company and in 
fact, as a team was what happens when a company goes directly to a village 
and improve some of the issues that are plaguing, education, drinking water, 
sanitation, rural pond, digital education, agrarian practices. So, we went just 
60 kilometers to Nuh district which is amongst the least aspirational districts 
in this country and adopted initially one village. Today it is 14 villages and 
18,000 people to see what impact happens on their lives. I believe we have a 
short video that gives you that detail. 
So, this is not a curiosum, this is not something that has been done because 
somebody decided that it is a good idea. I think it also develops the social 
sensitivities of the marketers and people who work in this company because 
whether you like it or you do not like it, most of India lives in there. And I 
think it is also to develop the programme and there are a lot of youngsters 
who are actually excited by this and saying that we would like to be involved 
in this, because the Gen Z certainly has a greater social consciousness than 
what many of us have. We squirm and look away, but these youngsters want 
to be involved in it. So, this is something that we are very happy to support.  
And plastic waste management as I talked about, I think again there are about 
1,100 waste workers that we are addressing. That lady there is with her 
identity card. She never had an identity card, never had a health insurance 
and was kind of the dregs of society that they were considered to be the ones 
who were the least important.  
Our digital, I will just come to it very quickly. In all this, the reason why 
results happen, the reason why strategy, execution, operations, and outcomes 

 
 
Page 27 of 42 
happen is because there is a data and analytic pipeline that integrates all the 
four. That is why it happens. So the digital transformation of this company is 
underway. So I will not say that it is complete. It is underway. It is in four 
areas, a consumer using PII data in terms of sharpening our marketing 
capabilities. A customer that is what I talked about in terms of different 
modules, whether it is Nesmitra or whether it is a project called RACE, 
which is really to try and prioritize you know for every salesman in this 
country of Nestlé to be able to prioritize the activities, the targets, the tools, 
the outcomes and what not to do in each of the outlets. We are able to 
generate this activity by outlet for the salesman, which I believe we were not 
able to do a couple of years ago. So today that is the part of data that we got. 
On value chain, we have not only what I talked about, but also digital 
manufacturing operations across our factories to digitally monitor and to 
make paperless and to make real time efficiency and effectiveness monitoring 
across our factories and of course, employees in terms of the everyday AI. 
So, this is what I have talked to you about accelerated engagement with RD-
DMS, the redistributor distributor management services, integrating the sub-
distributors now with the supply chain of the company. The RACE model, 
which is real time activity planning and execution and of course, we use it in 
our nutrition business in terms of training, because nutrition and milks part of 
the business needs a lot of scientific data and simulation. So, therefore, there 
is a lot of simulation that is done on the type of the portfolio, the type of the 
healthcare professional and the kind of issues that need to be addressed to 
each of them. That is really part of it. And that brings me to the AI journey of 
the company that started in 2019 when we set up MIDAS, which is our multi-
analytic system that we put together, moved into the must sell list as far as AI 
was concerned, which was more a prescriptive model, we moved to in 2021 
to month end forecast. It is one thing to know what is there at the beginning 
of the month, but one thing to know what will be at the end of the month. 
And for a company as wide and with a portfolio that we have got, I think the 
predictive models were becoming extremely important. So, the predictive 
part of it started. And then in 2022, the demand forecast models were put in 
place, category growth models were put in place and retailer segmentation, 
which was on a prescriptive basis on how to segment retailer types for 
different promotions and the race was one of the outcomes of that. Then for 

 
 
Page 28 of 42 
distribution planning we have the geo-hash model that we are able to 
optimize now resources at a sub pin code level to be able to identify which 
outlets, which localities, which brand, which SKUs and which promotions are 
made to work there. How does it help us? It helps us to optimize on the 
resources because we do not land up spraying and praying and putting 
budgets all across. We are able to target it much better. And then of course, 
AI to manage the workarounds as well. 
Today we have an interesting project called MROI, which is return on 
investment of marketing support that will give us a simulation using AI of all 
that you have done in the past in terms of activities, budgets, returns and 
outcomes. And simulate for you if you were to do this for the future, what are 
you likely to generate and what could be alternate solutions. So, this gives us 
a more granular rather than do it and then learn. We can learn and then do it. 
And that is what is the advantage of this and onwards to 2025. So, therefore, 
AI is becoming now increasingly an important part of our journey and we 
will be incorporating it wherever we find the usage. Currently it is done in a 
very pragmatic way, in a very measured manner, but going forward there will 
be an acceleration to this as we see forward. So, let me conclude now and 
leave you with a couple of messages. 
Number one is core strategies and consistent results. This company will still 
be focused on getting things right, penetration-led volume growth, RUrban 
opportunities, premiumization opportunities, up-trading opportunities, digital 
opportunities, channel opportunities, and geography opportunities. That is 
where we are and that is where we will remain consistent. Competence 
building in a changing context, I think increasingly we are becoming more of 
a complex society and the skill levels of the organization also are being 
increased as we move forward. That is linked to the third point which is 
technology plus, digital and more. But we are pragmatic. We are realistic. We 
know that there is an absorptive capacity. We know that AI is not AI unless 
change management is managed. Therefore, we do it in modules, we do it in 
parts and then see how the transition works before we jump into the whole 
part. Otherwise, we can be putting in a lot of money on AI and on digital and 
not having too much of return as a company. Premiumization and growing 
the core as key strategies, the core is still important to us, 60% of the growth 

 
 
Page 29 of 42 
will come from the core. So, we are not walking away from the core five or 
six categories for the company, but we are looking at increasing 
premiumization opportunities therein to increase the share of the market share 
and also to of course to make the portfolio more growth resilient and more 
profitable. Sustainable partnerships and sustainable environment, I think this 
is what we believe in. We believe in not because it has to be fashionable, we 
believe in it because we think it is an essential element of a corporate 
operating in an environment like us. And finally, people bias and execution 
focus. This company has succeeded because of its focus on people and its 
focus on execution. 
There are other companies with also brands and infrastructure which can 
match us, but in terms of consistency we always come a little bit ahead 
because we have that little bit extra effort that we put at all levels in the 
organization. And that is what really makes us what we are. So that is really 
what I wanted to share. And in closing, of course, consistency, collaboration 
and commitment is what we promise. I want to take this opportunity. This is 
my eighth investor meet. So,aathvi baar lagatar, as they say.  I want to thank 
you all for patiently putting up with me, listening to me. And I hope in all of 
this journey, I have been professionally honest with you, transparent, 
respectful, and trustworthy. I think those are important values that I attach to 
myself and I do hope that I have been able to live up to that to all of you. So 
thank you all very much and I think next question and answers. Thank you. 
Ajay Bajaj: 
Thank you Sir for that detailed presentation on our journey and our strategy 
going forward. We will take question and answers now. We will take it from 
both people who are present here as well as online. We will start with the 
people present here. Those who are online, they will be seeing instructions on 
display on the screen right now on how to ask the questions. So we can start 
here. 
Mihir: 
Hi, Sir. Good morning. Good afternoon. Sorry. This is Mihir from Nomura. 
Thank you for taking my question. So firstly, given the lack of data that we 
have in the recent quarters, we have seen milk and nutrition category seems 
to have declined probably versus one was expecting it to be quite resilient. 
What is ailing the category? Is it competition? Is it consumption due to high 

 
 
Page 30 of 42 
prices? And if you can share any steps that you are taking to tackle it, any 
insights will be helpful, Sir. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
I think it is a very good question. Look, milk and nutrition as a category has 
been probably one of those that has been hit very strongly by inflation. And 
as you know that our portfolio there, have also had the impact of price 
increases that clearly has restricted the volume growth. The segment is also 
open to competition from a lot of cooperatives and that also puts pressure in 
terms of the volumes and prices because we have an objective of sustainable 
growth with profits and not just growth without profits. 
And I think because of these two reasons, there has been a short-term, we 
believe, impact on the business. We have also taken steps now, I think very 
quickly and very effectively to stem some of the nutritional requirements that 
the consumers were urging us for. Therefore, for example, in baby food, we 
have come out with no refined sugar, so cutting down the levels of sugar. Not 
that we were ever violative of the local laws. In fact, we were below 40% of 
the maximum that was allowed. But we took this as a project that we wanted 
to implement. So this, together with greater focus and energy around 
addressing some of the portfolio issues is really where we are today. But also 
as a category, it is a more mature category. There is the lead time of 
consumers coming in and out is very short. So to that extent, it is not like a 
MAGGI or not like a KITKAT or NESCAFÉ that has an extended life usage. 
It has got a short window. And during that short window, if you have issues 
like inflation and price point pressures, you can have some impact. But we 
are confident that this will start to come back once again. 
Mihir: 
Thank you for that Sir. My second question is on price hikes. It appears that 
the price hikes in the recent past quarters have been quite modest, maybe a 
function of low volume growth and to avoid further pressure. If you can 
share, what is a quantum of price hike that is still required to protect margins 
or maintain margins? And how should one think about pricing growth going 
forward? Should one expect pricing growth momentum to increase from here 
on, given the benefits that we have got from the budget and maybe 
anniversarizing or one should expect pricing growth to be limited given the 
volume pressures may take some more time? 

 
 
Page 31 of 42 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, I think pricing will be a function of various categories that we are in. 
The categories like for example coffee, if I told you point to point price up by 
75% is very difficult despite all the project Sharks that I can do and 
optimization that I can do for me to absorb 75% of a coffee price increase. So 
if the coffee prices are unrelenting, then there will be a little bit more of 
pricing. We will try and reduce it as much as possible through efficiencies. 
We have doubled our coffee capacities now in Nanjangud. And hopefully that 
will lead to better efficiencies in coffee manufacture. Some of it will flow 
into the value chain. 
But I think on coffees where you can expect some amount of pricing pressure 
to be there. Other categories by and large, the pressures would be less. They 
would be there. I cannot tell you that there will be no price increase, but they 
will be of a much lower order as compared to what they were in 2022 and 
2023. 
Abneesh: 
Hi Sir, Abneesh here from Nuvama. Three questions from my side. First will 
be on the channels of distribution. You mentioned that the balance in your 
case is much higher. There is no fight between the different. When I see 
every FMCG company tries to do that and they do that through two means. 
One is basically SKUs different being there and less of discounting. So every 
company does that. How you are able to differentiate there, because when I 
see the noodles discounting for example, I see very high discounting on e-
commerce. So clearly that is common to you and, say, other companies. So if 
you could talk about that. And a few specifics here is, how is the profit 
margin in this part of the business? Is it superior to the kirana part of the 
business second is in terms of mix if you can talk about or say in terms of 
larger packs if you can talk about. And finally, in terms of working capital, 
obviously, it will not be as good as the kirana, but if you could give us some 
sense on that that is the first question. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Okay, I think good question Abneesh. As far as the managing the channel 
itself is concerned, I think a combination of what you said, portfolio pricing, 
sort of curated promotions and also kind of calibrating the size of the price 
that we look at for each of the channels. So, we do not go unbridled and say 
look this month will be only quick commerce or this month will be only 

 
 
Page 32 of 42 
traditional. We have a certain internal kind of cap that we set for ourselves 
saying, not beyond this do we go. Yet of course, there is a fierce war out 
there. And sometimes people could use us as a loss leader. That phenomenon 
is not without merit in the context of the market shares that the quick 
commerce wants to do. But this is the way in which we try and control. So we 
also try and see that the traditional trade gets packs and gets activities as a 
countervailing balance wherever possible. So that we see that there is no 
direct conflict at all points in time. In some SKUs there will be, but in many 
SKUs there will not be. 
I think going forward I see the conflict becoming more if the price inflations 
really catches on. If the price inflation becomes high, then the degree of play 
that will be between channels will start to increase. But as of now, I think we 
have managed to mitigate as best as possible. Of course, there will be pockets 
of the country where there will be some kind of feedback saying that there is 
extra discounting taking place. I can assure you that most of the discounting 
is being done by the players themselves and not by us. We have fairly strong 
trading terms. As of now, the net returns are not adversarial as far as the other 
channels are concerned. So we are not bleeding, neither are we making more. 
So it is leveling off, we take an equation between salience, between the 
trading terms and between the sustainability that equation if it is in a 
particular space, we are okay with it. So but we will not allow the space to be 
bled in terms of the fact that we are going to give extra terms simply to get an 
extra pound of sale, which is going to upset the apple cart for the other 
channels because we still have a situation where 75% to 80% of our sales do 
come out of traditional trade. It is in the mega cities and metros where the 
equation is slightly different, but in the smaller towns, we still have a lot of 
traditional trade to back up. 
Abneesh: 
Sir my second question is on the popular price point of Rs.10. So we do see 
that bhujia and namkeen and biscuits seem to be growing faster than your 
noodles growth. We do not have data but it seems that is happening. And 
second is you have vacated Rs.10 price point in the big cities, urban areas. So 
would you need Rs.10 price point to come back? And second is in cocoa 
where there is very high inflation, again in terms of your confectionery, the 
Rs.10 price point is there. So have you cut grammage in that part? 

 
 
Page 33 of 42 
Suresh Narayanan: 
I think we have kept the value delivery relatively stable in terms of price 
point, Rs.10 is certainly an emerging price point for us because as you know 
that we had Rs.5 and Rs.12 rupee earlier which became then Rs.14 and then 
the Rs.15 price point. So, Rs.10 has been more put in as a value pack. In the 
geographies in which it has been introduced where the single packs are 
relatively not as salient, it is giving us good results. But unlike the bhujias 
who have been around for a while for Rs.10 for us Rs.10 has been a relatively 
recent introduction. 
So it is more geographic specific and more channel specific. It is not 
ubiquitous as yet, because we still have a single pack at 15 bucks. So we do 
not want a situation where there will be significant down trading taking place 
at some stage. 
Abneesh: 
Sir, last quick question, you spoke a lot on out of home. So if you can talk 
about the 940 Nestlé Kiosk so in this largely is this franchise route and 
secondly in terms of growth you did mention that this will double as a 
category not for you by 2030. So which segments will be benefiting more? If 
you could talk more about this because I think it is very important from 
marketing angle, but from a sales and profits also is it significant for the 
company? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
The 940 are all; we do not run any outlets ourselves. So these are franchised 
outlets but however the model is little bit different that there are larger 
franchises who will have 5-10 of these per franchise. It will not be like one 
person running one franchise, some geography there could be, but very few 
numbers. So, it is more people who are running larger franchises. These are 
all self-sustaining. So, the P&L is managed by the franchisee, but we manage 
the rest of the equation, which is the design, the quality, the produce, the 
recipes, the hygiene, all of that is managed by us. I think the channel itself 
has been growing quite fast. We have added in the last two, three years, we 
have almost doubled the number of retail one outlets that we have added. 
There is still more scope in terms of tourism sites. And because the tourism 
and the travel sector is doing well, we can also do well in this. It is still not a 
significant because our realization is only the price to trade, because the 
franchisee needs the margin to make his money. I would not say it is a 

 
 
Page 34 of 42 
significant contributor to revenue, but it is a significant contributor to the 
trials and marketing activities of the company. And I think that 20 million 
people coming in each year is a good number, especially of the right 
generation, which is Gen Z students, tourists, and those kind of things. So 
these are the benefits of it. But will it be a revenue driver for me? Answer is 
no. I do not think, let us say, sometime from now Manish will report that the 
retail one outlets have now become like 2% or 5% of sales. That I think is a 
little far away. 
Latika: 
Hi, Suresh. So my first question was around market shares and competitive 
dynamics, particularly in your core categories of noodles, chocolates and 
baby foods. If you can give us some flavour of what are the developments 
there. Clearly in noodles we had come across intensified competition from 
regional and local players. So if you could throw some light on how market 
shares for your brands are trending across at least these three key categories. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Market shares I think noodles have been fairly stable. There can be a little bit 
of quarterly blips up and down but it is in the region of about 60 odd percent, 
which is where it was. So it has not dramatically gone up, it has not 
dramatically come down. The next you asked for was for? 
Latika: 
Chocolates and baby foods. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Baby foods has been stable. The category itself again has its own dynamics. 
Because of inflation, it could have shrunk a bit in some quarters, but our 
shares continue to be strong because we have a leadership profile there. And 
chocolates actually, we are of course distinct number two to Mondelez. So 
that equation has not changed but the share of our wafer-based chocolates, 
KITKAT and MUNCH have actually gone up. And in coffee, we’re clearly 
now the market leader. 
Latika: 
Sure. The second question was on innovation. You talked about, 60% of the 
growth should come for core brands. And we have clearly seen a lot of 
innovation in your core portfolio, right? So we have seen all the new formats 
on coffee that you have done. Trying to gather your thoughts on coffee that 
you have done trying to gather your thoughts on how do you think about 
scaling our presence in some of the new subsegments. We had done breakfast 

 
 
Page 35 of 42 
cereals a couple of years ago. Pet care is definitely a new segment. And what 
do you think about inorganic growth, specific to India? Is there a mindset to 
explore that considering now we are seeing a lot of these, new age brands 
cropping up, some of the companies have acquired them, they are, kind of 
exploring and experimenting in these spaces? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, I think, Latika, the appetite for inorganic growth continues. 
Though you may say you have not made anything happen, and unfortunately 
nothing has fructified so far. But I think that interest in that space continues. 
And that is something that we will be working on as we move forward. I 
think there are opportunities in innovation as well across categories. Reason 
why we have focused on the core so far and not looked at adjacencies very 
dramatically is because we have been trying to grapple with the forces of a 
consumption slowdown and huge commodity inflation. And therefore, the 
view that we have taken is protecting the core at this stage is extremely 
important rather than getting into a lot of new things. Incidentally, the 
breakfast cereals category has also done quite well. It is a small business, but 
I am happy to report that in small packs, which is a single serve packs, we are 
now number two to Kellogg's. So it is not as small as you think it is. But we 
do not put it on the map as yet because we have got other priorities that we 
need to tackle. 
Latika: 
Okay. And the last one was, on your distribution reach, you have covered 
quite a ground, five-and-a-half million outlets, 3.6 million in RUrban. So, 
from here on, should we anticipate that you will focus more on throughput in 
these newly acquired outlets and probably, expand more products rather than 
numeric expansion? Is it more feasible from here? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
I think it is still feasible, Latika. I think the outlet expansion, I would reckon, 
ballpark till about 6 million outlets is what we should be looking at in the 
coming years. But you are absolutely right. I think depth of penetration is 
going to be the name of the game. So increasing the frequency, the variety of 
the portfolio and the price points will be the name of the game as we go. That 
will give us substantially more heft to the whole strategy and that is the 
RUrban strategy to reach an optimal number of outlets and then to be able to 

 
 
Page 36 of 42 
increase the depth of penetration through portfolio, through price points and 
through frequency of purchase. 
Arnab: 
Arnab from Goldman Sachs. So Suresh, in the last 7-8 years, one consistent 
growth driver for you has been MAGGI, which consistently grew double 
digits through good and bad cycles, where there seems to have been some 
slowdown last year. Now, one way to look at it is probably macro has been 
bad, but wanted to understand if you think there is any other issue like are 
other forms of snacking taking over from noodles? Are there regional 
competitors coming in quick commerce and those kind of areas or anything 
else that you can think of or the penetration is too high now, and therefore we 
should not expect that kind of growth going ahead. So just tell your thoughts 
on MAGGI's revival from this weak growth this year. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
I think it is all of the above as far as the MAGGI story is concerned. Yes, 
MAGGI continues to be a strong, robust and relevant brand. That is the truth 
and you see the indices moving. I think the price inflation clearly has played 
a role because we ourselves had to take up the price from five to seven. We 
could not digest that anymore. And that took a little bit of a toll in terms of 
the volume evolution of the brand. It was obvious, there is nothing new about 
it. Also, the whole snacking space has exploded. The fact is earlier it was 
biscuits and noodles, now it is biscuits, chips, other snack forms, liquid and 
solid snack forms and noodles that gets included. There have been different 
forms and noodles that have been introduced in the marketplace. And while 
we are cognizant of it and we make our own innovation platforms, but on a 
regional basis, if somebody were to hit first, the impact will be on MAGGI. It 
won't be on anything else because we are the biggest player in the market. So 
we are cognizant of it. We are taking steps in terms of innovation, activation, 
penetration, geographic strategies, state strategies, clusterization in terms of 
addressing this. We are not phased by it because this is the hard reality and 
we will not do anything foolish. Because one thing is to panic in this situation 
and say, look, all of this is happening. Yes, this is going to happen. The space 
is going to become more exciting. The space is going to become more chaotic 
but that is when clarity of thinking and application of mind, focus and 
direction is so very important in this category. And that is what we are doing. 
So therefore, we are turning back to growth and turning back to better days.  

 
 
Page 37 of 42 
Arnab: 
Thanks so much, Suresh. And just my second question was a slightly medium 
term question on milk and nutrition because not just this year, but over a 
period of time, volume growth has been challenging there. So what do you 
think needs to change over the next, let us say, four or five-year period for 
you to deliver volume growth in milk and nutrition from your side? And do 
you think something has to change in the environment for the growth to be 
faster there? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, I think, breast milk is the best for mothers. That is the established 
standard. So there is nothing against saying that. But as incomes rise and as 
the middle class incomes especially go up with an increasing participation of 
women in the workforce, and with hopefully an abatement of some of the 
inflation that we are seeing today, there will be a positive momentum created. 
Because nobody has anything against the category as such. The question is, is 
that when I have to balance my budgets; I do find that things are very 
expensive, so I cut some of them. And this could be one of the areas that 
could be cut. So, I see greater moderation comes in and improvement in 
participation, in employment, in wages, that is where the incomes are 
important. I think that the category will come back to volume growth. But 
would it be like a MAGGI or a chocolate volume growth? The answer is no, 
because it is a limited lifespan product for the consumer. So we have to 
calibrate that growth that 2% or 3% growth you get is during one-year period 
or a two-year period. Whereas a growth for a MAGGI comes over a much 
longer life cycle of the brand. 
Arnab: 
Yeah, thanks so much. 
Ajay Bajaj:   
We will move to now the questions from the online attendees. So over to you, 
moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. Before we take our question, we would request participants to 
please limit their questions to one per party. Online participants, if you wish 
to rejoin the queue, you may rejoin from the panelist platform and click the 
raise hand icon. We will move to our next participant that is Awais Bakshi 
from Sundaram Mutual Fund. Mr. Bakshi, please go ahead with your 
question. 

 
 
Page 38 of 42 
Awais Bakshi: 
Hi Sir. Thank you for taking my question. I just had one question on the milk 
nutrition portfolio point of view. So in terms of say the competitive intensity 
what we have been seeing over the year, the pressure which we have seen, 
would that also be the case for the incumbents in the category or given our 
positioning at a lower end of the overall category, we are seeing a higher 
level of competition versus them. Any sense on this piece would be really 
helpful. Thank you. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, it is a good question. Look, I think one of the things is in this category 
is that it is a highly regulated category and it is media dark and consumer 
dark in that sense. So anybody who were to come into this category is going 
to face probably greater challenges because of the fact that you are not able to 
and by law you will not be allowed to say anything or do anything in this 
category. But that does not mean that we have to rest on our laurels. We have 
leadership positions there. We are both in the mid price segment and in the in 
the premium priced nutrition segment. The mid price segment is where the 
challenges are the most. In the premium end of the milks and nutrition 
segment, the growths are encouraging, the growths are good and also there 
people understand the quality of nutrition that they are buying for their child. 
So to that extent I think I would still put this category as a category for 
growth, but I would only urge a calibration on the kind of volume growths 
that you will get in this category. There will be value growths that will be 
neat and significant, but the volume growths will not be like a noodle or a 
chocolate or any of those categories. I hope I answered your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Harit Kapoor, may we request you to unmute your 
connection and you may ask your question. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes hi good evening and apologies for the earlier time. I just had one 
question on the margin band. So, if I look at your strategy or thought process 
of driving lower-packed units as well in urban, actually improving the 
throughput, etc. at a time also where there are inflationary challenges, albeit 
very, very gradually abating. Just wanted to get your sense on the margin 
dynamic expected over the next maybe 12 to 24 months. Should we believe 
that the current level of profitability is where we stabilize in a bid to improve 

 
 
Page 39 of 42 
the revenue growth or the volume growth? Some context on that would be 
great. Thank you. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
I think good question, As you know, our operating margins, which were 
about 16.5% have gone up in the last 10 years to about 21-22%. The band 
between 20 and 21 is where we have been operating for a reasonably long 
time. The company's strategy itself is sustainable growth with sustainable 
profitability. 
So, the objective is not to come up with a proposition of a 20% growth and a 
10% profit. I do not think that will even justify the valuation that you give us 
in the market. So, I would say that I am no one and we do not give forward 
guidance in any case as far as the results are concerned. But the current 
profitability levels are kind of optimally placed in order to support the growth 
journey of the company. That is where I would be. If inflation exacerbates, 
then the equation changes dramatically. One does not know. One thought that 
the coffee prices would stabilize and the cocoa price would stabilize and the 
wheat price would stabilize, but it is not happening. So therefore, I think 
some play will have to come, but broadly speaking, where we are is where we 
would be. We should be unless there is a huge upheaval that takes place. 
Moderator: 
 
Sir there is no response from this connection. 
Ajay Bajaj:   
Thanks Inba. We will take one more question from people who are here. Just 
one question. 
Questioner: 
So one about the sort of cocoa prices and coffee prices, which basically have 
moved up pretty significantly in the last few years. And that is probably one 
of the reasons why the growth probably is more from the pricing perspective. 
So, can we say that volume is sort of under pressure much more than the 
other categories? And historically, we have not seen this kind of a trend. But 
whenever there is a deflation in this kind of commodities, what would be 
your pricing strategy after that? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
As I said, it is a good question. As I said, for us, pricing is the last. For us, 
astute buying, because we have economies of scale, material usage 
improvements through specifications and more effective or more efficient 

 
 
Page 40 of 42 
utilization of the assets that we have got is the primary scope that we would 
like to use. And pricing is a more add on or a derived component of it. I think 
today we have the capability to manage the four quite well. Yes, to answer 
your question, volumes have been dented because of the pricing that has been 
taken. There is no two ways about it. But I believe that if there is some 
stability that comes in into the marketplace for these two commodities, then 
there is some hope of being able to restore the dynamics of volume-led 
growth back or significant volume-led growth back. Remember our volume 
growth has been almost 9-9.5%. 
So it has been in that 11.2% growth, about 9% has been volume, so 2% has 
been pricing. Now it is the other way around. So a lot will depend on how 
these commodities evolve, but I want to assure you that the model that we 
work with because the volume stickiness we realize, we understand, and we 
try and manage that as best as possible with residual pricing. But if the 
situation does not improve, then the whole dynamics of the market will 
change. We do not have a policy that every SKU of the category should make 
the same margins. There is no such thing. We try and see we ladder it, but if 
it does not work that way and if you have to take a hit in terms of margins for 
a particular category, so long as we know what period of time we have to take 
on, we are willing to take that. 
Avi Mehta: 
Thanks, Sir. Just I will give it, just one question then. See, in your focus, in 
your entire presentation, two areas that came in is one is premiumization is an 
important category and innovation. Now that typically means a lot of smaller 
bets versus one large bet or a few larger bets. A is that understanding correct? 
And if it is, where are we in the journey to change the organization to handle 
the involved complexity that this poses? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, I think, the days of having single large bets, at least in consumer goods, 
are over. There was a time when you could have single large bets. Now I 
think there are multiple number of smaller bets, which we realize. It is unlike 
the tech space where you have one big algorithm that works and that gives 
you a couple of billion dollars. Here, that is not the case. We have small bits 
that contribute to it. I think the organization, the way it is currently structured 
and with the capacity, flexibilities that we have created is capable of taking 

 
 
Page 41 of 42 
the complexity. So, it is not that we are not capable of taking the complexity. 
However, we will have to manage it over a period of time. How much of 
complexity? So, let us say if I have innovation ideas of potentially 50-60, I 
will have to prune it down to 15-20 to be able to manage it. And within that, 
then to calibrate and see which are the big ticket items. So increasing 
complexity and use of tools to be able to de-complexify it is going to be the 
name of the game. But looking for that one large big bet, I am afraid maybe it 
happens, I do not know. I mean when MAGGI noodles started I do not think 
anybody looked at it as a big bet, but it became a big bet, right. 
But as I see it with the consumer fragmentation and with the innovative 
capabilities now across the industry, probably such large bets are going to be 
fewer and smaller bets are going to be larger. And large companies need to be 
able to manage the small organization thinking rather than trying to look for 
that big economies of scale that they are used to. 
Avi Mehta: 
And so this number of 15, you know, whatever that number is 15 or it is 30, 
that is constrained based on front end, or is it more supply chain 
manufacturing? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
No, it is two ways. Not really, not really supply chain end. I think supply 
chain end we will be able to manage it. The question is what is the kind of 
sustainable level of investment and support that we can provide it. Because 
remember that in this day and age, all brands need certain threshold levels of 
support in order to justify the growth versus profitability equation. So if you 
have too many little ones that are coming in there, you tend to dilute. So 
within that, you have to calibrate and say this 5, 2025, this 10, 2026, this 5, 
2027, in the overarching framework that 50 to 60% of your growth will still 
come from the core. Because I will be foolish if I were to divert investments 
from the core into the small ones and allow the core to collapse because the 
loss I am going to have there is going to be much more significant. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it Sir and thanks a lot for taking our questions and helping us and 
interacting with us for all these years. It is been a pleasure. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Thank you very much. Thank you. 

 
 
Page 42 of 42 
Ajay Bajaj:   
Thank you, Sir. Thank you all the participants, attendees. We close the 
session now. And for the people who are here in the room, there is some high 
tea snacks just outside in the cafeteria. Thank you. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Thank you all very much. And those online, my sincere gratitude, my 
apologies that all of you could not ask your questions so I think we should get 
to the bottom of that. 
