 
 
 
May 22, 2025 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
 
SYMBOL: POLICYBZR 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services/ Listing 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
SCRIP CODE: 543390 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on May 16, 2025 
 
Dear Sir 
 
In furtherance to our earlier communication dated April 30, 2025, May 16, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on May 16, 2025. 
 
The transcript of Earnings Call is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.pbfintech.in/investor-relations/. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your records.  
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For PB Fintech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Bhasker Joshi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
        
          
 
 
BHASKER 
JOSHI
Digitally signed by 
BHASKER JOSHI 
Date: 2025.05.22 
17:47:29 +05'30'

 
PB FINTECH LIMITED 
Q4 FY2024-25 
Earnings Call 
May 16, 2025 
 

                                                                         
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
Management:  Good Morning. A very warm welcome to PB Fintech Limited Earnings call Q4 
FY 2024-2025. Today we have with us: 
• 
Mr. Yashish Dahiya, Chairman & Group CEO, PB Fintech 
• 
Mr. Alok Bansal, Executive Vice Chairman, PB Fintech 
• 
Mr. Sarbvir Singh, Joint Group CEO, PB Fintech 
• 
Ms. Santosh Agarwal, CEO, Paisabazaar 
• 
Mr. Mandeep Mehta, Group CFO, PB Fintech, and 
• 
Ms. Rasleen Kaur, Head, Strategy & Investor Relations, PB Fintech 
I hand over to Mr. Yashish Dahiya for his introductory address. 
Management:  Thank you Rasleen. Good morning all. Sharing our update for the last quarter 
and the year FY24-25. Our total insurance premium for the quarter was at ₹7,030 Cr, up 37% 
YoY led by growth in new health. With this, the total insurance premium for the year was 
₹23,486 Cr, with a growth of 45% in the new core online insurance premium and 48% in the 
new health and life insurance premium. I just wanted to make a little comment here, as I look 
at our insurance revenue over the last 5 years - in 2021 we were ₹619 Cr; in 2022 we were 
₹984 Cr, and I won't go through the whole list but we are now at ₹2,573 Cr and if I do the 
CAGR for 5 years and talking about just the core insurance premium, our CAGR for 5 years is 
43%. The new insurance core premium for the quarter is up 21% YoY, and we don't feel very 
happy about that. However, if you exclude savings, now for the last 9 quarters, we have been 
between 35 to 45%. And yes, this is lower, because it's been pulled down by savings in this 
quarter, and savings has come in below our expectation that we had at the beginning of the 
quarter also. The health business has surprisingly continued to grow. By now I would have 
expected it to slow down a little bit, but now it's been 9 quarters, and it's been growing very, 
very strongly. We have seen other parts of our business-like motor, two-wheeler and travel 
returning to the above 30% growth which it wasn't for some time. We continue to improve 
our customer onboarding and claim support in the insurance area. Our CSAT is now consistent 
at above 90%. To be clear, it's actually 92.1% but we are saying just 90% right now, because 
we are revalidating that 92%. It has gone up quite a bit, so we are doing some more 
assessments around it.  Our consolidated operating revenue grew at 38% YoY to ₹1,508 Cr for 
the quarter. The core insurance revenue is up 46% YoY, and the core credit revenue is down 
21% YoY. This brings our total operating revenue to just shy of ₹5,000 Cr; it's ₹4,977 Cr for the 
year, which is 45% up YoY. I just want to take one second to remind people, the year we went 
public, this ₹4,977 Cr at that point was about ₹890 Cr. The company is about 6 times larger in 
the last 4 years from FY21 to FY25. And just to kind of keep that in mind, what we used to do 
in the whole year, we are now doing in every 2 months. Our trail revenue is now at ₹817 Cr 
from ₹577 Cr last year in the same quarter; 42% growth YoY. This is at an ARR of ₹817 Cr. And 
this is a key driver of long-term profit growth, as we've always said and the delta between 4 
consecutive quarters has consistently been increasing, and this will keep going up. I think we 

                                                                         
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
have that number in our presentation, you can see how it's been going up. Our credit revenue 
for the quarter is at ₹115 Cr. We also had a management change during the quarter, and that 
is why you are seeing Santosh here. Disbursal is at ₹2,368 Cr for the core online business. Do 
appreciate beyond ₹115 Cr, there's another ₹55 Cr of revenue which is coming from essentially 
a POSP type business in the credit side, which is more focused on the secured side. We 
continue to strengthen our leadership in new initiatives which have been doing really well 
with a growth of 50% YoY and an adjusted EBITDA margin moving from      -10% to -6% within 
the year and there is now a 4% contribution. PB Partners, our agent platform, is now standing 
head and shoulders above any of the competitors, and continues to lead the market in both 
scale and efficiency. We have moved the business increasingly towards smaller and higher 
quality advisors, so we're working a lot on that. And it's showing a very decided move in that 
direction and consistently so. We have the most diversified business across the various lines 
of business and we are now present pretty much everywhere; 99% of PIN codes we have a 
presence in. Our UAE insurance premium has grown 76% YoY, and there is a bit of a positive 
surprise there. That business has turned profitable and I feel confident it's turned profitable 
kind of forever. Because, you usually can't react to one month or two months, but now it's 
kind of steadily moving in that direction and I don't think it will ever go back into the red again. 
And that's a very interesting phase for a B2C business because that means it’s kind of started 
making enough revenue to cover its fixed costs, and from there onwards life should be a lot 
better. Our consolidated PAT for PB Fintech grew from ₹64 Cr to ₹353 Cr, which is quite 
interesting but again, it was quite anticipated as well. Our margins have moved by 5%, from 
2% to 7% for the full year. Our closing cash balance was ₹5,400 Cr. I think we've spoken about 
various things, and you can see how the growth has been. There's a CAGR of 52% for the last 
3 years, from FY22 to FY25, and the PAT margin has moved from -58% to 7%. But once more, 
while these numbers sound very good, -58% to 7% and they are; they were pretty much as 
planned. The only thing I would say which we think we should start to deserve some credit 
for. This is a Management that is delivering as per its plan and that's quite hard to do over a 
multi-year period. So now you've seen about 3-4 years of us saying, this is what will happen; 
and we actually go ahead and do that. With that I'll open up to questions. Thank you very 
much. 
Management:  Thank you. Yashish. We'll take a minute for questions to gather. Please raise 
your hand and wait to be unmuted and then we'll take the question. 
Management:  We'll take the first question from Sachin Dixit, JM Financial. Sachin, please 
unmute yourself. 
Sachin Dixit: Hi, Rasleen! I hope you can hear me now. 
Management:  Yes, very well. 

                                                                         
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Sachin Dixit: Hi! Congrats Yashish and team on a decent set of results. My first question is 
with regards to the contribution margin expansion. Obviously, you had guided towards it, so 
credit to you to have delivered on that. The jump was quite sharp; QoQ 5%. Obviously, we 
could understand some of the drivers. What I needed you to do probably is if you can break 
down those drivers, maybe between let's say renewals, how much of the impact would have 
come from there roughly, or maybe the change in new business premium with savings being 
lower, health continuing to sustain the growth. If you can break that 5% jump between 
different segments that will be helpful. 
Management:  See if you think about it, we have margins coming from 3-4 different angles. 
And if you look at our business, we try to break it down and I am talking not just about last 
quarter but if you look at our business in general, there is not much change in take rates of 
any one business line.  We have broadly 4 kinds of businesses. One is our core fresh health 
business; second is our core health renewals business. So just kind of keep these two in two 
buckets, or let's even call it all renewals business. The fresh health business, we are getting 
sharper and sharper at defining this, comes at a negative margin, of 15%-20%. And the 
renewals business comes at a fairly high profitable cliff. On the other hand, our overall core 
business, if you leave out renewals, and if you leave out fresh health, that operates at broadly 
a 20% kind of margin. Okay, so these are the two areas.  And you have Paisabaazar, which is 
doing its thing and the new initiatives are largely at 0 to a few percentage points margins. A 
lot of things depend on how these move. Now the structural shift is that renewals keep 
growing on a consistent basis, and as they keep growing margins somewhat keep expanding. 
However, the core online business, without renewals and without fresh health, is not without 
profits. That also has a 20% margin, and as it keeps growing, it also keeps driving profits up. If 
you ask me about half and half of the profits and the margins are driven by these two - core 
online business (that includes Paisabazaar) as well your renewals growth. Now, the margin 
depleting part is actually your fresh health. Look, we struggle to explain this in many ways. 
Whenever fresh health grows, that's a cause of celebration, not a cause of worry, but it will 
dampen your profitability, and it will dampen it quite sharply. A lot of the things have to do 
with those mixes. We are at a stage where for the last 3-4 quarters we have been somewhat 
investing with an expectation of growth on all business fronts. And today, if you think about 
it, maybe on the savings business front, we have invested, but we haven't reached the rewards 
of that in the last 1-2 quarters. We're thinking hard about it. We're not at a stage where we 
think we will not have growth, we're certainly not and it is just one quarter and you don't 
make a strategy basis one quarter. But we are certainly thinking about diversification of 
products and figuring out how we do better in an ongoing basis in that area. I think those are 
the pieces that are driving it.  
Management:  Sachin, apart from what Yashish explained, I think your question perhaps was 
about the sequential improvement in the margin. That is because we have been investing in 

                                                                         
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
the call centre side in Q2 and Q3 especially, and that investment obviously came down in Q4 
because we maintained the scale of our call centre. So that is the other reason why the margin 
has expanded because the growth in call centre cost was lower this quarter as compared to 
the first three quarters. And I would encourage you to look at it on a full year basis, because 
these things move up and down, depending on what one is doing in any one given quarter.  
Management:  I agree, a full year is a great way, but it's always the 12-month rolling, it's a 
beautiful way of looking at our business, because that takes away any form of seasonality and 
that's why we specifically give that breakup. Just look at it on a 12-month rolling at every given 
point. 
Sachin Dixit:  Right. Just a quick follow up on this one. Like earlier, you guys used to mention 
in the presentation that renewal is 85% contribution margin. This quarter, we noticed you 
have changed the language to being 80%+ contribution margin. Any particular reason for that? 
Management:  Look, there is a science to it and of course, there's a lot of allocation of costs. 
I'll explain what that means. Initially what we were looking at was the cost of doing the 
renewal in terms of payment gateway costs, our calling costs in creating that sales. Because if 
you look at our cost base, there is marketing cost, there is sales cost, there is a call centre cost, 
and the sales cost has got a loading of management, etc. However, there are costs beyond 
that. There's customer service cost, there is claims management cost, and we've been 
investing in those very heavily over the last 2-3 years. Now there is no difference between the 
claims cost on a fresh business and renewals business, and if you actually get smart about it, 
the claims support come more in the renewals business than in the fresh business. We're just 
getting smarter and smarter around these allocations. At this point, what I would say is, it's 
somewhere between 77% to 80%, that is where we are. Of course, some streams like life might 
be at 93% but overall it comes around at that point. As we learn more, we communicate more. 
But it's just getting smarter among all the allocations, and a little more what you call ABC kind 
of allocation. 
Sachin Dixit: Fair enough, really helpful. 
Management:  What we are doing internally, Sachin, just to explain, we are moving all our 
businesses to a fresh and renewals P&L kind of review. Earlier, we did not do it to that extent 
because that has an implication. Because the moment you get to that, then the internal 
people force these allocations a lot sharper, and that's what we're bringing out in the outside 
world as well. 
Sachin Dixit: Makes sense. My second question is on the OCF Side. While we noted that the 
company turned OCF Positive last fiscal year. This year we seem to have reverted back to being 
negative with receivables being a major factor. Will be great to have some light on that as 
well? 

                                                                         
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Management:  Receivables have got multiple things but one of the big shifts that's going to 
drive over the next few years, and we should all keep that in mind is going to be the 1/n, which 
essentially means that while the business is happening, there is a shift in how the money is 
being collected, and that is because of the 1/n accounting of the insurers. This is something 
that will play out over a couple of years’ time, especially for the first 12 months. 
Management:  Yes. There's 1/n and the second thing is that in health, we are selling a lot more 
plans on monthly mode. Till last year our business was largely on annual mode, now we are 
selling a significant amount of our business on monthly mode, and obviously, as you can 
imagine, the collection happens over a period of time. It'll take about another 2-3 quarters for 
this to kind of normalize.  
Management:  One last thing I wanted to add. Our Q4 call centre cost, we did not grow it. But 
the way we do most of our accounting, we have some volume-based targets and some 
volume-based incentive targets, etc. We don't account for them till they are hit. What that 
implies is a lot of them get back loaded towards the Q4. You see some benefit coming from 
that also every year and it depends. This year to be brutally honest, we miss some of our 
targets in the savings thing, and actually our revenue from savings would have been a lot 
higher than it was. So that's fine. You miss some, you get some. That's the way life is. 
Sachin Dixit:  Got it. Thanks so much. 
Management:  You can't predict growth too sharply. 
Sachin Dixit:  Great year, and all the best. Thanks for the responses. 
Management:  Thank you Sachin. We'll take the next question from Madhukar Ladha from 
Nuvama. Madhukar, please unmute yourself. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, good morning. A couple of questions from my side. We're seeing a 
lot of changes in the health segment with IRDAI saying 1/n; the whole method of reporting 
and there's a lot of pressure and talks on deferring commission pay-outs for long term health. 
I wanted to understand from your viewpoint, how has that played out in those negotiations 
with insurance companies. Second, given the pressure, I'm hearing that there is probably 
going to be some reduction on renewal commissions as well. Some comment even on that, if 
there are any talks going on, and if we felt anything on that side. Lastly, just on the expense 
structures, if you can just spell out how the expenses have been bifurcated, the employee, 
advertising and the other expenses between direct & indirect and existing & new initiatives, 
for sort of our modelling purpose going forward. These would be my questions. Thanks. 
Management:  Thank you very much for that question. First of all, we should not miss the 
wood for the trees. Health insurance is a very simple area where the customer essentially pays 
a certain amount of money, and he basically expects his claims to be settled.  Policybazaar has 

                                                                         
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
a phenomenal position there because we have done very good disclosure assessment at the 
beginning, and it's always competitive. I'm not saying we are perfect, but we are much better 
than many of the channels in terms of disclosure assessment. What that implies is our claims 
book is standing strong and that means is the insurers are not getting surprises as much as 
they may be getting in some other channels. Thus, we feel lesser pressure than maybe the 
market feels on both the claim settlement side as well as some of our pay-outs, etc. One of 
the things is because over the last three years we have worked so hard on ensuring customers 
get their claims. Some of our own renewal claims ratios will also start to move upwards 
because we were not able to put as much effort in that, and we will be getting in the same 
range, or maybe just lower, a tad lower than other channels, because we are putting in that 
effort. But that is coming at a much higher claim settlement than many other areas, and that 
is in my opinion, allowing us to attract more and more customers along with our better sales 
training and better advertising, etc. I'll kind of defer to Sarbvir to kind of answer on those two, 
but that's how I think about it. 
Management:  No, I think Yashish covered most of the points. The only thing I would say, which 
is probably not a surprise to you all, is that clearly now health insurers, like other general 
insurers, are focused on the combined operating ratio. I think on that basis, if I were to 
summarize what Yashish said, our channel comes out on a fairly attractive end of the 
spectrum, and because of that, I think the pressures obviously will always be there for 
everyone. But I think those pressures are much more manageable, and at least so far, we don't 
see a change in our economic structure. And the second thing I'll just add is that we are 
actively working on this subject.  It's not like we don't understand what these issues are, how 
to make sure that long term renewal claim ratios are controlled, what else can we do, how do 
we segment the customer base better, etc. We're working with our partners on these issues. 
I feel quite confident that this whole economic model will continue for us. 
Management:  I think the conversations have got very evolved around how do you maintain 
claims ratios into the future, whether that means add-on products, whether that means like 
a higher cross-sell, whether that means you work with different cohorts differently. As Sarbvir 
said, we're taking on a lot of effort and responsibility in that area. We are clearly maturing. 
We are not where we were three years ago in terms of our processes for both fresh and 
renewal. Now you asked about the different costs and the contribution margins, etc. See, if I 
look at this whole year, our core margin is about 43%; that is very similar for both insurance 
and credit. It's not very dissimilar and it has stayed the same for both for a very long time. 
Now new initiatives, of course, are very different. At the beginning of the year, they were at -
1% and they kind of moved up a little bit last quarter, they were at 4%. But overall, they were 
at a 2% positive. I think that is the way it is. And if you look at the core business, the EBITDA 
is at 16% positive for the year. It started at 14%, ended at 22% but again for the whole year 
it's about 16%. Again, at the EBITDA level, if you look at new initiatives, we are at about     -

                                                                         
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
9%; started at -12%, ended at -6%. But I don't think you should look at either -12% or -6%, you 
should look at it all with a 12-month rolling basis and right now, the 12-month rolling is -9%. 
Right now, the 12-month ruling situation is core is at 16% and new is at -9%. But both are 
inching upwards clearly, and I think that is what is important. 
Management: On your question on Insurance companies and how they look at Policybazaar 
as a channel. See for insurance company, there are three basic costs and I am telling very high 
level in health. Claims, which is roughly 70% of the cost; Distribution, which is roughly 20% of 
the cost and OpEx, which is roughly 10% of the cost at a granular level in the industry. Now, 
20% is obviously a big part, but it hasn't seen the context of other 80%. Then any company 
works with Policybazaar because of a very deep tech integrations, and all the OpEx 
requirements are very, very low related to any other channel. Similarly, the claims on a 
blended book continues to be lower, because we provide a lot more new customers to them. 
So overall, this is the most profitable and fastest growing channel for all of these insurance 
companies, and the way our discussions happen with them in terms of new product 
introductions, all the innovation that we can do for the customer, the claim servicing part, 
everything continues to be very, very strong. So practically short term, don't see any specific 
issue on this.  
Management:  Very simple data point. The retail health industry at 23% fresh, 77% renewals. 
Our fresh is still bigger than our renewals. So that is a very clear indicator. Forget us, if you 
look at the claims ratio of the entire industry, the fresh claims ratios are about 1/3rd to 1/4th 
of where the future years lie. We are obviously important in the profitability of the industry 
and driving new volume to the insurers, which is what the game is, I guess. 
Madhukar Ladha: Understood, this is helpful. Just a follow up. Now given that our base has 
increased significantly, and our market share also in this health fresh premium is pretty high 
now. I know it's a difficult question to answer but if you were to talk about sort of growth 
going into FY26 and FY27, maybe in the near term; then how should we sort of think about 
that, any changes over there? 
Management:  See if I look at our last five years now, as I said, our core business has been 
growing at a CAGR of 43%, which is ahead of my expectations honestly. I thought we would 
be here from a revenue perspective. If you've asked me in FY21, I thought we would be here 
maybe 6 months to 12 months later, because I always think the revenue CAGR should be about 
30% or so and that's what we've always thought. From a long-term perspective, we believe 
30% is the right CAGR for us to sort of plan for. However, I'm honestly being surprised by 
health, but at the same time let me kind of put it to you another way.  We have a term 
business, we have a health business, and I think term as an industry is about 1/3rd of health. 
And for us, our fresh businesses in term and health are very comparable. Of course, health is 
bigger, but they're still comparable. I think, within our own setup, health has at least a 

                                                                         
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
doubling to go to catch up with term. I shouldn't say this but if you brutally ask me that look 
which of your teams do you think is actually sharper between term and health, I actually feel, 
looking at the last 3 to 4 years, our term team was actually sharper. By the way, our health 
team is catching up very, very quickly and is becoming better and better but we have a way to 
go. I think in health we have a natural right to win, which actually in term is far harder, because 
in term, you can't differentiate a huge amount in terms of claims settlement, but in health you 
can, and we are doing that. I think, in health, our right to win from a distribution standpoint 
is pretty clear. 
Management:  One more thing here. We always maintain that our growth rates will usually be 
about 2-3x of the industry growth rates, generally. That's what we maintain. But in health we 
seem to be doing it up to 4-5x of the industry growth rates on an overall basis for new business 
acquisition. Now see the real deal for Policybazaar has been that the customers come to us. 
Customers come to us when they see any incidents happening in their circle, whether it's 
friends, colleagues, family and the reality is for a lot of young people, the incidence of 
hospitalization is much, much higher, and a lot of people are coming to ask for these products 
now. They actually feel that this actually serves a very big need at that state of their life when 
they're, 30-40 sort of age group. So, yes, health has done much, much, much better compared 
to other channels and our growth rate, as we said, I mean, we always expected 2-3x but this 
is sort of going 4-5x.  
Management:  Yes, if you're just looking for some kind of broad direction on various things; 
our health continues to do well, and we're feeling confident. In fact, I feel confident this will 
be so for the year, or for a large part of the year at least. I think our savings business at this 
point is very challenged. We are struggling to grow, and we're thinking very hard on that - how 
do we grow. Of course, there's a pensions area, there is a child insurance area. We are working 
hard at it. I think the good news is, if you look at the last 5 years, our motor & two-wheeler 
growth, was a bit subdued due to various reasons but that is solidly back. We are feeling 
confident. If you really look at Policybazaar over the last, I would say, even 10 years, it's always 
3-4 of our businesses are firing and 1-2 are always struggling. That is the way life has been but 
those 3-4 do enough to kind of keep us above the 30% on a regular basis. And I think that's 
what you should think about. The good news is now we are also confident that the credit side 
is going to grow. We are seeing good month on month growth. We feel very confident that we 
should have a good future in the credit side. 
Madhukar Ladha: Thank you, and all the best. 
Management:  Thank you Madhukar. We'll take the next question from Dipanjan Ghosh, Citi. 
Dipanjan, please unmute yourself. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Hi! Good morning. Hope I'm audible. Just two small questions from my side. 
One, in the answer to your previous participants question, you mentioned that savings is 

                                                                         
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
challenged but if you can give us some colour on the savings contribution either to premium 
or top line, how should one think of it for FY25, or Q4 that would give us some colour on the 
trajectory that we should kind of forecast or think of going into the next year. Second, you 
have kind of given some slides on PB Money, and it looks quite encouraging. So just wanted 
to understand your overall strategy from the next 3 to 4 year perspective on the PB Money 
side, and how you can leverage that to maybe further milk the customer, or achieve a better 
cross sell sort of ratio out there? 
Management:  Sarbvir will answer the savings question, and then we'll move over to Santosh 
for the PB Money question. 
Management:  On the savings side, if you see the industry also, there was a sharp slowdown, 
especially in February and March, with negative growth on the retail side. Our business to 
some extent reflects that in Q4 and based on what we can see, it will take a few quarters for 
this to move up or move away from where we are. We are planning that probably the first two 
quarters of the new financial year will also be quite slow on savings. As Yashish mentioned, 
we are focused on building new segments like pension; we are focused on bringing back 
products that have done well for us in these kind of market conditions, like our capital 
guarantee solution, etc. But I think it will take some time. Ex of savings, as we showed you, we 
stay in that 35-40% kind of corridor, and I think that should continue for the new Financial 
year as well. 
Management:  On the PB Money side, there are two reasons for why PB Money is critical for 
a business like credit.  One, it allows deeper understanding of customer's risk because over 
and above bureau, you start getting data about the income of the customer, and you can do 
sharper underwriting. We've rapidly acquired customers on the PB Money side, that allows 
more curated products and better risk. The other bit to this is that savings is a large area. We 
do a lot of savings through insurance on the Policybazaar side. There is an opportunity to do 
savings on the Paisabazaar side through bonds, fixed deposits, mutual funds. So that 
opportunity exists, and I think PB Money will be the backbone to use the data to advise 
customers on how to manage money better, and that should be a rapid area of growth for us 
this year. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Got it. Just one small follow-up. What would be the monetization strategy, it 
would be more product cross-sell or driving higher engagement and then trying to sell your 
existing product book. What would be the monetization strategy? 
Management:  Monetization largely will come from selling bonds and fixed deposits this year, 
and it also helps indirectly in monetization, because we have a better understanding of a 
customer's credit, and hence it will lead to growth in some of our unsecured lending areas. So 
that is a shadow way of monetization but of course, direct monetization on bonds and 
deposits will exist. 

                                                                         
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Thanks. Just one final question before I kind of drop the mic. Any plans to go 
into broking or sort of entities? 
Management:  Not in the way you are thinking about it but what we just said -bonds, fixed 
deposits, these kinds of things, pension products, NPS. Not in the traditional trading sense, 
that is not how we are thinking about it. But yes, from a licensing perspective, there may be 
some context to that. There's no decision there but yes, there are conversations internally. So 
just in fair transparency there are conversations but again not from a trading perspective. It is 
much more from a long-term savings perspective. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Got it. Thank you, and all the best. 
Management:  Thank you Dipanjan. We'll take the next question from Shreya Shivani, CLSA. 
Shreya, please unmute yourself. 
Shreya Shivani: Yes. Hi, can you hear me? 
Management:  Yes. 
Shreya Shivani: Good morning and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Thank you for 
sharing your views on what's happening in the savings segment and health insurance 
segment. I wanted to get back to the protection segment. The industry as such has been 
seeing very strong growth for the past two years straight. The monthly sum assured data 
indicates there was some moderation, not slow down, but after two very strong years there 
was some moderation in growth in March on the protection sum assured front. What is our 
understanding of how things are moving? I'm not talking about you being slower but is the 
industry sort of moderating after two very strong years? That's my first question. Second, on 
your healthcare business, if you can give us what has been the updates. We've seen the 
disclosures on the exchanges. How has our thought process evolved? And third I'm not sure if 
you've given your breakup of premium across POSP and Corporate, I know Dubai is 76% 
growth. That'll be my last question. Thank you. 
Management:  Shreya, the sum assured that you are reading in the industry data is actually 
not directly reflective of term insurance in the sense that a lot of the sum assured growth for 
the industry has come from attaching riders on ULIPs to make ULIPs more attractive, as you 
know, last couple of years have been about that. So the reduction in sum assured growth that 
you're seeing in Q4 is actually a reduction in the growth of ULIPs rather than the growth of 
Term. Term has largely in last two years, based on the numbers that we know, has been 
growing in a very similar, I would say 12 to 15% kind of range only. From a protection 
perspective, we are obviously growing multiples of that growth rate. We are, through this, 
appealing to the industry also that all of us need to focus on driving demand for protection 
and growing the term market. 

                                                                         
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Management:  On the breakup you had asked for, you can make a note. Our core business is 
₹16,144 Cr for the year. POSP is about ₹5,000 Cr; Corporate is about ₹1,000 Cr; Dubai is a little 
more than ₹1,100 Cr. On the core; new and renewal continue to be at about 50:50; they are 
about half and half. 
Shreya Shivani: Got it. And healthcare; your thought process now, etc.? 
Management:  Healthcare is a very long drawn project. It will take a long time, and I would 
give it enough space. The strategy will not change on a daily basis. The strategy is very, very 
clear. As I said, I think these are just nomenclatures, who's an insurance company, who's a 
broker, who's a hospital. Eventually, if we think from a consumer's perspective, he's saying a 
very simple thing. I'm giving you ₹10,000, whatever happens to me, take care of it. That's what 
the customer is saying. The customer has a lot of pain in that process. I always say, when you 
think long term, think simple. The customer has a lot of pain in that whole sequence. And 
we're trying to solve that sequence with all our efforts. So Policybazaar is doing some work at 
the disclosure front and the hospitals will do some good work at aligning with the consumer 
outcomes. We've had the round, we've had the money come in, we've acquired one asset, in 
the sense we paid for it, we've taken it over. We are looking to do the same with maybe 3-4 
other assets, and I think what you should see is, we'll probably buy if you look at the five 
hospitals that we're looking at in NCR, we'll probably buy 2-3 operating ones, and 2-3 more 
like shells which we are going to convert rapidly into operating hospitals will be a combination 
of existing revenue and profits; new from scratch builds. We've started bringing on doctors; 
we've started bringing on people who know how to build hospitals. But even today in our 
team there is more tech people and product people than healthcare people, and that is also 
a reflection of some of the things we are going to do in terms of wellness. Basically, think of 
yourself as a customer. You've paid ₹10,000. Now you've also said I'll pay ₹20,000. Take care 
of everything, take care of OPD, take care of everything don't ask me for a bill, don't ask me 
for a claim. If something goes wrong, just take care of it, and I should have no pain whatsoever 
in this process. Of course, the physical pain will be there but shouldn't have financial pain in 
this process. That's what we're trying to solve at a fundamental level. This is a big project, and 
that's why I said, don't expect sort of any rapid changes. We are reviewing everything on a 
weekly basis, but don't expect any material changes in a very rapid manner. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. Thank you so much. This is very useful, and all the best. 
Management:  Thank you, Shreya. We'll take the next question from Manas Agrawal, 
Bernstein. Manas, please unmute yourself. 
Manas Agrawal: Hi Yashish, thanks for the candid answers. I actually wanted to ask two things 
on a medium term/long term strategy perspective. One is, you're talking about propping up 
savings in various ways. One clear way to do it is par and non-par where you don't operate, 
and a large market in terms of TAM, so any thoughts on that? The second is slightly more 

                                                                         
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
philosophical - on AI. It can affect both customer servicing and customer acquisition. 
Acquisition side, we've seen Google say search is changing; SEO will change as a function of 
that. How you guys are thinking about it? On the servicing side we've started seeing some 
start-ups operate collections for banks using voice bots, replacing call centre operations. So is 
that a threat or is that an opportunity. Wanted thoughts on that. 
Management:  I will request Sarbvir to answer on the savings aspect and of course we have a 
view on this. I'm quoting somebody else. I think our view is very aligned to Mr. Sandeep 
Bakshi's view - Sell good products, and we have a view on that and I have a huge amount of 
respect for the man and sorry for bringing his name into it. But I think, when he changes his 
view, we'll also probably change our view.  But I would say, Sarbvir, if you want to answer that 
more specifically, and also the AI question, because I know we've been having these debates. 
We're on the same page on this. 
Management:  The best way to think of it is that every channel and every distribution platform 
has its own set of characteristics. Our characteristic is that we get customers who are informed 
customers in general, and they're looking, they understand the difference between products 
and they're looking for transparent comparison. If you see slide 41 in our deck, we have 
actually shown that the ULIPs that we are selling today are better than most mutual funds that 
are sold in the market; if you are willing to stay for the 10 years or the 20 years that the ULIP 
is meant to be so. The products that we are selling today actually are extremely good products 
from a long-term saving perspective, which is the role of these products. And we believe that 
as the middle class grows, consumers will need to save for their goals. The goals could be 
children's education, general retirement, their own personal sort of pleasures that they want 
to save for. And of course, finally, there's a whole pension area where after you stop earning, 
you need to have enough money to live. If you think about it, we are more focused on the 
goals rather than just the products. And we believe that we have to sell efficient products, 
because if we don't sell efficient products, then the customer who comes to us will see 
through the issue and will be disappointed, and will not buy more products from us. At this 
point we are very clear. I don't want to go into par, non-par, etc. I think the main issue is 
products that make sense. And as long as the products make sense, we continue to offer them. 
Right now, obviously, we are largely a ULIP platform. We do sell non-par because in our capital 
guarantee solution one part is a non-par, and the other part is a ULIP. That's how that will 
continue, and we feel quite confident. See, in the first half of last year we grew at over 100% 
in savings, I think we should not forget. I mean a few months here and there is part of the 
course, and our team is creative enough, and we will figure it out again. As far as AI is 
concerned, I think we are right at the forefront of all these use cases that you spoke about. 
We do a lot of our collections through AI bots, agents, etc. And we continue to sort of stretch 
the boundary on this. We still believe that for sales, especially in life and in health insurance, 
it is important to have a person explain the whole product in a very systematic and logical 

                                                                         
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
manner, because you also want to elicit disclosure, because if you don't elicit disclosure, I 
think you will go down the wrong path, and I think that's what we continue. But I can assure 
you that we have enough experiments going on in every area to look at what is the cutting 
edge, what are people doing, and how can we leverage that. And we firmly believe that in AI, 
what we call man in the middle is the right format where AI helps to improve the productivity 
and effectiveness of the person, and that's what we've done on the risk side, I won't go into 
all of that.  But if you see our last couple of years, I think a lot of work has been done, which 
is leveraging the latest and greatest AI technology.  
Management:  Just to kind of add to what Sarbvir said. Already we have got what you call AI 
agents, who are doing initial warm-up, initial calling, kind of across the group. That's starting 
to happen. When you think about AI, you got to think of it from - what are we doing to protect 
the supplier, what are we doing for ourselves, what are we doing for the consumer. Look at 
these three kinds of buckets in a triangle. At least from a supplier’s perspective, risk is a very 
big area that we are working on and we are trying to understand risk. When we talk about 
ourselves, a big amount of the effort is both in terms of sales efficiency, reducing the non-talk 
time because that's a huge amount of time. At the same time empowering the agent with a 
lot of information which is coming in terms of prompts or supports. That is what you know 
largely is being worked upon. 
Management:  And just to add, our technology teams are now using a lot of AI to do their 
jobs; a lot of technology costs can be saved in the future. 
Manas Agrawal: Thank you. 
Management:  Thank you, Manas. We'll take the next question from Rahul Jain, Dolat Capital. 
Rahul, please unmute yourself. 
Rahul Jain:  Hello! Hope I'm audible. 
Management:  Yes, you are. 
Rahul Jain: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just two questions. Firstly, if you 
could share your thoughts on the increased receivable for this year. Any colour on it and going 
forward basis, what is the sustainable level of investment that can go in this? Secondly, which 
is just an extension of the previous question around AI. What kind of headcount optimization, 
purely from a call centre perspective one should see. Is it safer to assume that irrespective of 
the scale of the business, the headcount growth would be at lesser than what has been the 
last few years’ growth on that part? Those are my two questions. Thank you. 
Management:  I'll just answer your last question. I think things will happen, it'll take time, 
which quarter nobody can say, but if you look at it on a year on year basis, if I look three years 
out, a lot of things would have happened, and I see no reason why that wouldn't happen. The 

                                                                         
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
receivables is largely a 1/n thing, which we explained will have some impact. It's already 
started having some impact and now it will have some impact for maybe a few more quarters, 
and then some limited impact which will be limited to the multi-year policies and all that stuff. 
This is a cycle that will play out. We're not too fussed about it in the sense, of course, we 
would wish it wasn't the case, but it is the case, and we have to kind of live with that. 
Management:  See Rahul, when it comes to the deep tech, as you mentioned, there's an 
efficiency part, and there's a risk part. As a company, anything that we do can have three types 
of impact - either we can work on improving the revenue or becoming efficient on the cost or 
better customer service. The biggest impact of deep tech for everyone, including us, is on the 
customer service because that can be automated to a large extent as we look for next 1-3 
years. This include renewals, claim support, all sort of endorsements, all sort of service 
elements. Sales, specifically in insurance, is a very involved process. There are some parts of 
it which can be automated over time. But broadly, there will be very, very close physical 
contact with the customer all the time. If you look at the cost of sales operations as a total 
NPV revenue for us. It is roughly somewhere around 20-25%. It's not a very big bother yet. 
We'll do whatever it takes in terms of becoming more efficient, but I think the bigger impact 
will come on the service side before it comes to sales. 
Management:  We all have our own opinions, and, my opinion is over a three-year period, you 
will see a lot of impact in sales as well. But my other opinion is consumer brands are very 
important in this. My view is AI is commodity and basically consumer brands are going to be 
the differentiator, because the human mind is still limited and of course, we'll have some 
impacts coming from this. But, as you hear, all of us have somewhat different views, and that's 
the way to carry on. 
Management:  Thank you, Rahul, we'll take the next question from Nidesh Jain, Investec. 
Nidesh, please unmute yourself. 
Nidhesh Jain: Hi! Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on credit business. We have 
done extremely well on the insurance side. On the credit business with the change in 
management team, how are we thinking from this on this business, from a longer-term 
perspective and how are we trying to build the “right to win” in this business over medium to 
long term. 
Management:  See on the credit side, I think last year was a year of moderation based on what 
happened in industry. As we now scale back, there are three aspects around this. One - that 
we will go deeper in the secured area. It has built up very rapidly; this year we will expand the 
secured area and we will do home loans, loan against property, loan against cars. These are 
the areas we will expand in. We will also start savings area to deepen our understanding about 
a consumer, and that also allows for better understanding of our customer’s risk and means 
sharper underwriting which will then help in scaling our unsecured lending. And the third area 

                                                                         
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
is collections. Collections is something that we will focus on. Deep collections capability, 
especially tech-led, will help us again scale our unsecured side, because as we work with a lot 
of new NBFCs and Fintechs, that capability is required. So that should also help us expand our 
supply side on the unsecured lending. 
Nidhesh Jain: On collections, will we be investing in physical collections also? 
Management:  Right now, largely tech-led and Delhi based collections, a lot of AI is going to 
get used in that area. We are not thinking of Feet on Street at the moment but again, as we 
get deeper into it, that may change. 
Management:  If you kind of think from a last 10 years perspective, one of the things we've 
done is built a huge amount of risk capability in the Policybazaar franchise, specifically on the 
life insurance side. Outside-in it may or may not be visible but within the industry it's quite 
respected. I think that allows our partners and our channel to be a little more profitable and 
a little more long lasting than many others. I believe that's one of the things that Santosh also 
brings to this area and so she's quite serious about thinking around risk and making sure that 
the right risk is picked up by the right organizations. And one of the things in that is, you 
understand risk better when you're yourself collecting as well. So that's one of the reasons we 
want to move into that area. Especially some of the early Fintechs may not have a lot of 
collection capability, and eventually in this business, if your money is not being collected, then 
there is an issue. 
Nidhesh Jain:  Sure. And we've also been experimenting with FLDG in the last few quarters. 
Is there any thought process on that? 
Management:  See, when we started FLDG, we started from giving some kind of guarantee, 
but we did not really get into how we are differentiating on risk. I think that is what we are 
starting to do now. Santosh if you want to answer specifically.  
Management:  I think our confidence on doing some of these FLDG partnerships will go up, 
because we are starting to understand risk better and that means responsible lending. And 
we need to have skin in the game to really go deep in this area, so then we are comfortable in 
doing these arrangements, and that should be the right way of scaling our unsecured business. 
Management:  Just to kind of explain our accounting policy on that, because that can be a 
cause of worry. Our accounting policy is very clear, whatever FLDG we take on, we provide for 
it on day one itself, and then as and when we eventually come out of the woods, we kind of 
start considering it.  But we start with a zero base. 
Management:  Thank you. Nidesh. We'll take the next question from Neeraj Toshniwal, UBS. 
Neeraj, please unmute yourself. 
Management:  Hi Neeraj! Please unmute yourself. 

                                                                         
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Hey. Can you hear me now? 
Management:  Yes, we can. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
 My question is on the contribution margin. The expansion in 
contribution margin is quite decent. So, wanted to understand, has there been any reduction 
in incentive pay for the POSP Agents in this quarter, which has helped increase in contribution 
margin. That is first question. Second question is on the cost. Employee cost that has gone 
down, so is the advertisement; while other expenses have increased significantly, if you can 
throw some light over there that will be helpful. 
Management:  Sarbvir can answer more specifically, I would just say, please don't look at 
anything QoQ, because we should just look at it on a 12-month rolling basis, that will give you 
a much better picture. Otherwise sometimes you will see the impact of incentives from other 
places, etc. playing up and that's what I always said.  
Management:  Neeraj, I explained in the beginning of the call that we have been growing our 
call centre capacity or our sales capacity over the year and in Q4 we kept that flat. That is one 
of the reasons why our contribution margin improved. Apart from that, there is some extra 
money, etc, that you may get at the end of the year. That is the main reason. I would again 
encourage you to look at it on a rolling basis, as Yashish explained. As far as the POSP part is 
concerned, I understand there was some media article on the issue that you are referring to 
but the facts of the matter are that we have always been very consistent in offering a very 
attractive opportunity to POSP agents, but the real trick is not in terms of trying to reduce the 
margin. The real thing is to work with smaller agents, whose incomes are getting enhanced by 
working with PB Partners. I think that is the journey that we are on, and that journey is getting 
better and better, and because of which the overall mix will also improve, and our contribution 
will improve. It's not really about reducing pay-outs; it's about optimizing pay-outs and the 
right set of agents to work with. That's really where this whole thing has come from. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: This is structural, this will continue in the coming quarters as well? 
Management:  There is some structural aspect to it, there is some quarter aspect to it. But 
when we speak about the POSP business per se, there is an easy way of doing POSP, and there 
is a hard way of doing POSP. The easy way of doing POSP is, you work with large POSP people 
who are themselves in a way POSPs, and you get bulk volumes. And that's why, if you notice, 
the one way to check for it is, how many employees do you have for every business done. And 
you do require people to manage agents, however tech driven you may be, etc. You do require 
people to recruit agents, manage them, etc.  and that ratio is quite telling. The second way is 
to actually get small, small agents and get them to do more business for you, and more types 
of business for you, and that is hard. It actually, is not something you can do just through 
remote control. A person can only manage a certain number of agents, and those people also 

                                                                         
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
need to be trained hard and trained well to do it. We are very clear, we are down that path, 
so we can't answer for the whole industry but for us we only value that part. That's the only 
thing we kind of look at. Now on the various things, just look at it 12-month rolling, and you 
should be fine. I don't think you should see any material change from a 12-month rolling 
perspective. Like all the structural changes are there, as I said, renewals growing. See our 
health fresh, if I take a 5-year view, we cannot keep growing at this rate, but our renewals can 
and so, obviously the margins will come at some point. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: That is helpful. Thanks, Yashish. 
Management:  Thank you, Neeraj. We'll take the next question from Sanketh Godha, Avendus 
Spark. Sanketh, please unmute yourself. 
Sanketh Godha: Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Yashish, the way I understood it, just for a 
clarification, if you have sold a 3-year long term plan on health. Though the insurer is paying 
commission spreading over three years, you are recognizing 3-year commission upfront, and 
that's the reason why the receivable number has gone up. That's the understanding right. 
Management:  That's the understanding. Yes, you're right. 
Sanketh Godha: And just to follow up on that point. Out of the total health, whatever we do, 
how much portion would be contributed by long term? 
Management:  I think we would not like to disclose that publicly. 
Sanketh Godha: Okay. Fine. 
Management:  It's a pretty steady number. All I wanted to say was it was similar last year and 
the multi-year plans were a little higher than that two years ago. Our growth is not explained 
by that. That's what I'm trying to explain. Don't get the wrong impression but we don't want 
to disclose the number. 
Sanketh Godha: Okay, perfect. And the second question was that the contribution margin of 
the new initiatives which improved. Is it fair to say that as you highlighted in the initial 
comment that UAE turned profitable, and that contributed to the margins to improve? The 
biggest delta came from there, or the POSP, and the Corporate segment also did relatively 
well? 
Management:  See from profit perspective, at this stage, I just want to be very specific. UAE is 
not that material in the whole scheme of things. UAE from a loss or profit perspective would 
probably explain 10% or maybe 20% at best of the entire piece. I wouldn't go there now. I 
would say, if you take a 3-4 year view, then it does have the potential of being a big 
determinant of profitability, because that is actually like a core business. There's nothing non-
core about the UAE business. It is exactly what we do in Policybazaar. Our Corporate business 

                                                                         
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
and our POSP business, on the other hand, are somewhat different. And again, we don't plan 
for these things, but we believe they should come to somewhere around 0 in the next two 
years, like from a break-even perspective. That's a journey, and it may happen one quarter, 
but we are constantly on that journey slowly. I don't think there's any very quick aberration in 
that. Yes, UAE has surprised positively with its profitability but it's not having a material impact 
on the overall piece yet. 
Sanketh Godha: 
 Okay, got it. And one data keeping question. On the credit side, if you 
can break up that ₹7,652 Cr, and ₹20,460 odd Cr into new initiative disbursements, and the 
core that would be useful. And lastly, if you can spell out the adjusted EBITDA margin for the 
credit business in the quarter. 
Management:  See on the new initiatives, I think it was a scale up of the last 5 months for the 
year. Roughly new initiatives contributed to 40% and the core is 60% for the year. For the 
quarter, it will be roughly 70:30. I think new initiatives is largely pass-through kind of business 
from a revenue perspective. So that is why you would see that though year on year the 
disbursals went up by about 38%, the revenue shrunk by about 14%. And you know that's 
what it is. 
Management:  Just to be clear, our new initiatives in Paisabazaar is at a very, very early stage 
right now, and it is largely lumpy. In a sense, what I said right now - easy POSP, hard POSP. 
Right now, it is the easy POSP. We want to be clear about it, so don't assume we've got a hard 
POSP done in Paisabazaar yet. We're starting that journey now; the journey we started in 
Policybazaar maybe two years ago. Initially in the first year, we also had easy POSP there, but 
after the journey we took on two years ago, and it has been constant shift towards more and 
more granular agents. That is a journey we just starting out right now. Right now, it is almost 
zilch on that front. 
Sanketh Godha: 
 Understood. And lastly, if you can spell out the adjusted EBITDA margin 
of the credit business. 
Management:  The adjusted EBITDA margin of the business is 7% for the year. 
Sanketh Godha: 
 Okay, perfect. Thank you very much. That's it from myside. 
Management:  Thank you, Sanketh. We'll take the last question from Srinath from Bellwether 
Capital. Srinath, please unmute yourself. 
Srinath v: 
 Hi guys. Just wanted some qualitative feedback on persistency of the health 
renewal books. If you can give some qualitative understanding as to how the older cohorts are 
doing, and the newer cohorts are doing over a year on year basis or 6-month basis. Any 
qualitative feedback you can give on persistency of renewals, that'll be great. Thank you. 

                                                                         
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Management:  The qualitative answer is: all is well but Sarbvir will answer in a more specific 
manner.  
Management:  We are really proud that we are at all-time highs. We look at it always on NOP-
basis, because that is the most important thing; the number of people who stay with us. The 
first-year renewals, we call R1. Our R1 Persistency is at all-time highs; we have never been at 
this these levels. It's largely structural because it's driven by the nature of the products that 
we have been introducing. Over the last two years, with our insurance partners, we've 
introduced products that have very high No Claim Bonus. Every year your No Claim Bonus 
increases dramatically. When you come for renewal, your comparison with outside market 
becomes very different. Your current product looks very superior compared to anybody else 
because of the sum insured that you have. Our first-year persistency has increased a lot, and 
we are at all-time highs. Our R2+, which is second year and beyond is very consistent, it has 
largely been very steady over the last few years. So overall our persistency is at all-time highs, 
both in terms of number of policies, and even in terms of premium. But I think the most 
important thing is the number of people who stay with us. 
Srinath v: Perfect. Thanks a lot. Congratulations again, guys. Great set of numbers. 
Management:  Thank you very much. With that, we will close today's session. Thank you very 
much for attending. Look forward to interacting with some of you over the next few weeks. 
Thank you. 
 
