 
 
Date: 05th June, 2025 
 
To,  
The Manager, 
Corporate Filings Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Security Code: 532815 
The Manager, 
Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol: SMSPHARMA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 2nd June, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find the attached transcript of the Conference 
Call held on Monday, 2nd June, 2025 for the fourth quarter and financial year ended 31st 
March, 2025. 
 
A copy of the said Transcript is being uploaded on the website of the Company 
www.smspharma.com 
 
Kindly take the same on record and disseminate on your website. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours Faithfully 
 
For SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Thirumalesh Tumma 
Company Secretary 
 
 
THIRUMALES
H TUMMA
Digitally signed by 
THIRUMALESH TUMMA 
Date: 2025.06.05 11:29:29 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 02, 2025 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript has been edited for clarity. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded to the stock exchanges on 02 June 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VAMSI KRISHNA POTLURI – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – SMS PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
MR. LAKSHMI NARAYANA TAMMINEEDI – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – SMS PHARMACEUTICALS 
LIMITED 
MR. THIRUMALESH TUMMA – COMPANY SECRETARY 
AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER – SMS 
PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited Q4 and FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Today, we have with us Mr. Vamsi Krishna Potluri, Executive Director; Mr. Lakshmi Narayana 
Tammineed, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Thirumalesh Tumma, Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vamsi Krishna Potluri, Executive 
Director. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. We appreciate your 
continued interest in SMS Pharma and the time you've taken to be with us this morning. I trust 
you had a chance to review our financial results and other investor materials that were uploaded 
to the Stock Exchange and our company website earlier. 
 
Let me begin by saying that FY '25 was a landmark year for SMS Pharma, we delivered a 39% 
growth in PAT, which marks one of our strongest earnings performances in our recent history. 
This was driven by volume growth, cost efficiencies and continued focus on execution. These 
outcomes are a result of a consistent strategy we followed over the last 4-5 years—built on scale, 
process optimisation and optimal product mix. 
 
I'd like to highlight a few points -- a few important milestones on this journey. We've built -- 
we've launched Asia's largest dedicated and automated production block for ibuprofen. We've 
invested close to INR150 crores in backward integration projects for cost efficiency and margin 
sustainability across our API portfolio. Our facility successfully cleared and EUGMP and U.S. 
FDA audits, a reflection of our strong compliance culture. We added a few new products and in 
several of them, we've already attained leadership positions. And most importantly, we remain 
committed to maintaining a diversified product mix—which has helped us protect and expand 
gross margins, even through industry cycles. 
 
Moving on to our financial performance. In Q4 FY '25, revenue grew subsequently by 43% to 
INR248 crores, showing a strong recovery in demand and execution. For the full year, revenue 
rose 10% to INR783 crores, driven by good traction in anti-inflammatory and ARV products. 
We have also scaled up ibuprofen production significantly and are now among the top producers 
in India. 
 
Coming to profitability. In Q4, gross profit rose 18% year-on-year to INR75 crores, with margins 
improving to 30%, up 444 basis points. For the full year, gross profit grew 23% to INR259 
crores, and gross margins improved to 33%, up 330 basis points from last year. This comes from 
a better product mix and benefits from backward integration. 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
EBITDA in Q4 was INR41 crores, up 21% year-on-year with margins at 16%. For the year, 
EBITDA stood at INR139 crores, up 19% with margins improving to 18%. These factors 
translated into the strong profit growth I mentioned earlier. 
 
PAT for Q4 was INR20 crores, up 18% from last year, with margins at 8%. For FY '25, PAT 
grew 39% year-on-year to INR69 crores supported by margin expansion, volume growth and 
lower finance costs. 
 
Let me also take a moment to walk you through our segment-wise performance for the year. 
Anti-inflammatory and ARV segment were key growth drivers in FY '25. Anti-inflammatory 
grew 22% year-on-year to INR148 crores, and ARV rose 15% to INR163 crores. Anti-epileptic 
saw the fastest growth, up by 106% year-on-year to INR29 crores, driven by strong demand and 
expanded market access. Anti-diabetic remained our largest segment at INR185 crores, growing 
5% year-on-year despite prices softening this year. We have also seen strong growth in anti-
erectile dysfunction and other APIs, rising 15% year-on-year. 
 
Our focus on maintaining a balanced and diversified product mix continues to help us navigate 
volatility in any one segment and support margin stability over the long term. 
 
We have also made meaningful progress on our long-term strategy this year, laying the 
foundation for stronger growth going forward. First, our backward integration project has 
received all the necessary licenses and approvals. Commercial production of key intermediates 
is set to begin this quarter. This will help materially improve margins starting Q2 FY '26. 
 
Second, we continue to deepen our customer base in regulated markets. In FY '25, we onboarded 
several large clients across our API portfolio and saw meaningful scale-up in key molecules. 
This improves not just the revenue visibility, but also the customer stickiness. 
 
Third, we have approved a new capex plan of INR250 crores over the next 18 months. This will 
support expansion in both existing and new products. The product mix of this capacity addition 
includes a healthy balance of high-volume and high-value APIs and will also expand our CMO 
business. Additionally, the Board has approved a INR10 crores investment in SMS Peptides 
Private Limited to be executed in one or more tranches.  
                                                Fourth, we've made meaningful progress over building a robust pipeline of new molecules to 
drive our growth over the long term. 
 
Looking ahead to FY '26, we are entering the year with strong momentum. We are targeting 
20% revenue growth and aiming to expand our EBITDA margins by 20%. This should enable 
us to deliver another year of strong earnings performances. Revenue growth and margin 
expansion will be driven by the benefits of backward integration, improved scale and volume 
growth across our key products. Our recent announced INR250 crores capex plan will further 
support this growth by adding capacity in high potential molecules. 
 
We believe we are on the right path, having laid a solid foundation for sustainable and profitable 
growth. With continued focus on execution, cost control and quality, we are well positioned to 
end FY '26 stronger than we began. Thank you. We are ready to answer any questions. 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Pranav Gandhi from Lotus Wealth. 
Pranav Gandhi: 
I was going to the balance sheet and noticed that inventory was INR285 crores. If our gross 
margin is at 44% and the quarterly results are at INR248 crores of revenue, we are holding 
inventory that is almost 7 to 8 months of our sales. On the other hand, we have got a debt of 
INR311 crores on which we paid INR20 crores of interest every year, yet we are sitting on our 
extensive stock that doesn't add up. Also, why that a company is keeping almost 3x of what peer 
companies keep in the inventory? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
Yes. Thank you for your question. So if I got your question correct, I think you're mostly asking 
about the inventory levels, right? 
Pranav Gandhi: 
Yes. Yes. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
The reason for the high inventory that we are currently maintaining. So inventory that we're 
currently maintaining is because we have some high-volume products that we are currently 
moving in terms of volumes, like, for example, ibuprofen, which is high-volume product. And 
also, we have some old products where we are sitting on some inventory like HCQ like some 
COVID-related product where -- which is not moving, but we are sitting on that inventory. But 
definitely, in the next coming year, we have plans to reduce our inventory level. It will definitely 
come down. 
 
But definitely, we will be carrying a higher inventory levels because we are sitting on commodity 
products, where the delivery cycle is like -- my lead time for any orders that we get is hardly 
like 4 days or 5 days. So we have to sit on sufficient inventory or else we had -- we run the risk 
of losing those orders. These products I'm talking about are commodity products, like we're 
talking about like ibuprofen or tenofovir or sitagliptin. These are all little commoditized 
products. 
 
And if you don't sit on this inventory, we will have a risk -- we'll run the risk of customer placing 
the order to our competitors. So we are sitting -- so our inventory levels over the past have 
definitely increased because of the product mix and the different set of products that we are 
currently manufacturing. But definitely, our plan is to reduce the inventory in this coming 
financial year. 
Pranav Gandhi: 
I have a following question to this. How much amount of written-off inventory are they looking 
forward in the coming years? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
So no written-off inventory. We don't have any -- it's a slow-moving inventory. 
Pranav Gandhi: 
Suppose if I've got earlier, INR80 crores to INR90 crores of inventory from the COVID, which 
is more than 3 years, and it is impossible to use it in the following formulations and drugs. 
Shouldn't this portion be written off by now? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
No, it is not INR90 crores. It is INR40 crores. And it is -- and this is also not one product. This 
is HCQ also is part of that. And HCQ is not COVID-related product. It is a regular product, 
where the customers already filed our product in the U.S. They are anticipating a launch maybe 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
in the next 2-3 months. So we have plans to liquidate that inventory sooner. So that's the reason. 
And there is -- it's a slow-moving inventory. 
Pranav Gandhi: 
Okay. Also, I wanted to ask another question. To increase the ROCE and ROE, we need to have 
a tight counter on the inventory. What's the management's view on the inventory supply chain 
management and the efficiency? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
So again, as discussed, right, I think we plan to reduce the inventory going forward. Again, if 
you've seen our track record, typically, SMS is a very conservative company. We don't typically 
keep a huge inventory at our books. But up to now, the product mix that we've come up with is 
products where our inventory levels need to be a little on the higher side. But definitely, I think 
based on the increase also in our top line, right, so our growth is also in that sense. 
 
So we are maintaining higher -- a little higher level of inventory compared to previous years. 
But definitely, I think that will go down this year. But it will not go down to the level that was 
there like 3, 4 years back because that sort of level inventory is needed based on the products 
that we are currently manufacturing. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aryan Jain from Stern Capital. Since the participant 
has dropped, we will move to the next participant. The next question comes to the line of Arnav 
Darmashi. 
Arnav Darmashi: 
So congratulations on a good number. Sir, I just wanted to understand that in terms of our gross 
margin gain, what percentage of gain came from backward integration? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
What -- sorry, I didn't get you what percentage? 
Arnav Darmashi: 
Yes. So gross margins have gone up on account of better product mix and backward integration 
as well. So I just wanted to understand how much of that came from backward integration and 
how much of that was from product mix? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
So product mix, I think I would say around 60% product mix. I think 30% from backward 
integration because our backward integration products -- I mean the project was just 
commercialized not fully, but part of it was commercialized in the last quarter. So this year, I 
think that percentage will be much higher for backward integration projects just for FY '26. 
Arnav Darmashi: 
Okay. Okay. And we've spoken about some of -- I mean you're looking at launches for API 
intermediaries. And so what kind of pipeline are we looking in terms of our API supply? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
So we are very strong in the certain therapeutic categories, definitely. So those therapeutic 
categories are our key focus. And along with this, we have some interest from a few other 
customers for different products. So we are looking at a mix of our existing therapeutic 
categories, also a few categories, which we are attracting good interest. So it's a mix of both. 
Arnav Darmashi 
Okay. And last question is for the incremental INR250 crore capex that we are looking for over 
the next 18 months, what kind of asset turn are you looking at on that front? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
So we are looking at an asset turnover of 1. 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Surabhi from NV Alpha Fund. 
Surabhi: 
So my first question regarding your ibuprofen segment. So your ibuprofen currently, what is the 
mix that you are selling in your regulated markets versus the nonregulated market? And how 
much of the ibuprofen would be backward integrated currently? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
So right now, it is around, say, maybe 40% to regulated markets and 60% to domestic and ROW 
market. And like I say, regulated market, it is including the deemed export also, so where the 
product is sold in India for the end finished dosage sales in the U.S. 
 
So I'm considering that I think it's around 40% to the regulatory market and 60% of our business 
to the domestic market. And coming to the backward integration part. So we have 2 major 
intermediates. One of them is already backward integrated. The other one is in the pipeline. 
Surabhi: 
Got it. And you also mentioned about backward integration for some of the other APIs. So is 
this going to be in the high-volume API segment or the high-value API segment? And just a 
follow-up to the previous one. Is there scope to increase your ibuprofen share in the regulated 
markets from 40%? Like can that increase to like 60%? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
Yes, definitely. I think it can definitely -- so the thing with regulated market is we have -- we 
are -- so one by one, we are getting approvals from some of the U.S. customers. So the U.S., it 
takes time, right? So they have to take validation batches. They have to load a stability, file their 
PAS and then they get commercial approvals. 
 
So we -- apart from these customers, I think we are targeting a good number of regulated 
customers where our product is already sampled and that it's at various stages for different, 
different customers. For sure, next year, definitely, that proportion is going to increase not to 
60%, I think it might even go to 70% also. So that's the plan. But slowly one-by-one, once we 
start getting customer approvals, it will take time, but we'll be getting them soon. And I'm sorry, 
what was your other question? 
Surabhi: 
So what other APIs are you looking in backward integration, like which therapies? Is it the 
volume category or the value category? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
So actually, it is mostly the volume categories, like 80% major focus will be on the volume 
category because that's where the cost pressure is, on the volume ones, like some of the anti-
diabetic segment is a critical one and anti-epileptic is one segment we're currently looking at. 
And low volume are decent margins. So currently, like our focus is there, but it's limited. Most 
focus is mostly on the high volume ones. 
Surabhi: 
Got it. And just last question, what is your current capacity utilization across both the facilities? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
It is around 75% to 80%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Anmol Ganjoo from Shanika. 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
Yes. Congratulations for a good quarter. Just a couple of questions. One is that what is our capital 
expenditure plan for this year, the outlook as well as what did we do in terms of capex for the 
last year? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
So the capex that we've spent in FY '25 was around INR150 crores. As discussed earlier, it was 
mostly for backward integration of some of our key APIs so that was where capex has gone 
through. For this year, the capex is close to around INR250 crores. So we are adding new blocks 
where we'll be manufacturing -- increasing the volumes of our existing product, mix, and also 
we'll be adding new products. 
 
And also, we'll be dedicating some capacity for CMO also where we are actively getting a lot of 
interest for some of our -- I mean some -- for the plant, we are getting a lot of interest on CMO 
activities also. So it will be a mix of 3, 4 segments that we'll be spending this FY’26 capex on. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
So just help me understand this one. So the last year, INR150 crores that we have spent in terms 
of addition to net of the maintenance in capex, what is the asset turn that we are aspiring for on 
that? And when you are making your capital allocation decisions in terms of what are the areas 
you're going to be investing in, what is the basic maths that you're working with? 
 
And how do you see this addition to this gross block start contributing to revenue and then what 
time frame? So if you could just walk us through this whole thought process in detail, it would 
be helpful. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
Correct. So last year, based on our investment, I think... 
Management: 
0.67 is asset turnover. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
0.67 is asset turnover. Total asset turnover last year was 0.67 for FY '25. And definitely, I think 
this year, again, it's gone into -- so the capex, as I was highlighting in my speech, the vertical 
integration, the block set up, everything is completed. Right now, we are taking validation 
batches at this point of time. So the revenue will start factoring in -- the margins will start 
factoring in. You will see an increased revenue from Q2 FY '26 for the last year project that 
we've done. 
 
And coming to this year, we are adding INR250 crores approximately to add new block to add 
more products and increase our capacities for our existing products. So definitely, I think these 
revenues -- so we are again targeting an asset turnover of 1 for FY '26. And we are anticipating 
that commercials to start in early FY '27. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
Right. So basically, with a lag of 12-15 months, your each capital expenditure should yield an 
asset turn of one. Is that fair in terms of understanding? And the incremental capex that you're 
spending, so for example, if you look at the INR250 crores, there's a part of that which is going 
to CMOs, etcetera. 
 
And if you benchmark it against peers, that number tends to be higher than 1. So any thought 
process there because one is just right on the fence and given the commodity nature of some of 
these products, there could be reasonable periods of time where even cost of capital can't be 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
recovered? So on a blended basis and also on an incremental basis, when you're doing your 
capital allocation decisions, what are the areas you're trying to get into? 
 
And how are you thinking about the cost of the capital versus a return on a sustainable basis? 
You take the point that there will be a lag between the time you put capacity and it starts yielding, 
but on a consistent steady-state basis, what should the asset turn be and what is it that you're 
targeting? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
See, the target is one, to be honest with you. Right now, it is 0.67. If you look at our pharma 
industry, I think the average that is currently at this point of time, like from our peers, almost 20 
companies like very close to us, is close to around 0.6 to 0.7 range, okay? So we are targeting to 
be around one, which is a very, very good number and very aggressive number. But right now, 
we are at 0.67, which is as per the industry standard at this point of time. 
 
And with respect to the margins that you were mentioning, if you see that though you mentioned 
commodity products, right? So though we are doing products like ibuprofen and which are very 
commodity in nature, if you see our product profitability has gone up significantly, I think this 
year, we've closed at 40% higher PAT than the previous year. 
 
So my thinking is like though we are working on commodity products that it is more crucial like 
we are vertically integrating on some of these products to make sure that our profitability remains 
and our profitability increases. That is the target that we are planning to do. And again, coming 
back to your question, I think we are targeting -- our target will be asset turnover ratio will be 1. 
Moderator: 
Does that answer your question, Anmol? 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
Yes, it does. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Srihari from P.C.S Securities. 
Srihari: 
Yes. So for your main two therapies, that is anti-diabetes and ibuprofen, if you could please 
share the volume growth. And I would also like to know the price outlook for the two segments? 
Thank you. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
So price for ibuprofen has sort of stabilized right now. It's stable. I think since last 1 year, it was 
on the down trend. But since last quarter, it's sort of stabilized, and it's a good point. And with 
respect to the growth, so growth, I think it is 22%. Anti-inflammation, ibuprofen is around 22%. 
And anti-diabetic growth around 5%. So anti-diabetic, I think we have 2-3 critical products on 
the anti-diabetic segment. 
 
And yes -- so we anticipate the same volumes in anti-diabetic segment because on the anti-
diabetic segment, one key factor was that patents have gone up. But still, we were able to retain 
the market share and retain the volume, which was a very good thing. The patent went off in 
Europe in '26 -- so we were -- sorry, in '25. So we were still able to retain that market share. And 
anti-inflammatory I think we are taking good steps to increase our market share. 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Srihari: 
Sir, if I'm not mistaken, the value growth was 22% and 5%. I wanted to know the volume 
growth? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
For ibuprofen, 2,200 MT for the current year, FY '25. 1,800 MT is what we’ve have done the 
previous year. 
Srihari: 
And can I have the corresponding number for sitagliptin? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
So sitagliptin, I think, is a little more confidential because it's a joint venture project. So unlike 
-- so unfortunately, we'll not be able to disclose the exact volume that we've done at this point 
in time. 
Srihari: 
Okay. Any target for ibuprofen volumes this fiscal? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
So we are targeting close to around 5,000 tons this year. 
Srihari: 
5,000 vis-à-vis 2,200? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Arnav Dharamshi from Aashame Enterprises. 
Arnav Dharamshi: 
Yes. I just wanted to check, is there a possibility where we are able to gain some market share 
on ibuprofen side, say, from the large MNC competitor on account of better pricing? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
Sorry could you repeat that question? 
Arnav Dharamshi: 
Is there a possibility that we are able to gain market share from a large MNC competitor on 
ibuprofen on account of better pricing and good product? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
Yes, definitely. I think we've launched this product 1.5 years back, and we have a decent market 
share right now. So definitely, I think the market share -- I mean the volume for ibuprofen has 
not increased significantly. It's sort of stable, right? But once we are getting more market share, 
we are obviously taking it from a competitor right now. So we are definitely taking it from a big 
competitor. We're pulling some market share based on the pricing. 
Arnav Dharamshi: 
Understood. And secondly, I think our capex has been focused towards backward integration. 
What are your thoughts on growth? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
Growth, in a sense, growth? 
Arnav Dharamshi: 
Growth, I mean for the business over the next 2, 3 years, how do you see the business shape up 
over the next 2-3 years in terms of revenue quality? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
Yes. Yes. So we basically, again, so last year, what we've done was to backward integration. So 
that revenue will come in Q2 FY '26. So the revenue, you will see from the last year budget 
backward integration, you will see in FY '26. And this year, again, we're taking up a INR250 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
crores budget to add new products and also increase the capacities for existing products, not only 
ibuprofen, but we have a few products that is catching good interest. 
 
And also CMO is a good space that we want to -- we're already there in the CMO space, but we 
are adding more new products on that space. So this additional capex that we're doing will fund 
all this. And again, as highlighted in my speech, we are anticipating a 20% growth on the top 
line and 20% EBITDA margin as well for FY '26. 
Arnav Dharamshi: 
Okay. So I just want to clarify, I think in your press note, you have given 20% EBITDA margin 
as guidance. So is it 20% EBITDA margin for the guidance or 20% EBITDA growth? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
20% EBITDA margin. 
Arnav Dharamshi: 
Okay. So okay, okay. And sir, from Q2, FY '26, what kind of gains are we looking at led by 
backward integration because by then that we'll have a full cycle payout. So what kind of gains 
are we looking at, led by backward integration in gross margin? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
If you see our PAT margins have increased significantly, I think, almost close to 39% to previous 
financial year. Again, we are anticipating a growth of, I think, around 20% on the conservative 
side for the margins for the next financial year also. So there in a landscape, there is a lot of 
pressure on pricing, and we are able to navigate this through backward integration and trying to 
be more cost effective and get some market share as well. And at the same time, increase the 
profitability. 
Arnav Dharamshi: 
Right. Sir, my question was regarding largely on gross profit starting Q2 because you mentioned 
in the presentation and you spoke about it. And so in Q4, the gross margin was close to 30%. So 
because of backward integration, what do you see that number go to, say, from 30% to what 
number because of the backward integration range that we make? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
See I'm not talking about this thing. So what I said was the entire year is 20%. It will be around 
20% growth. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vamsi Krishna Potluri, for the closing remarks. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 
Thank you all for joining us today. FY '25 was a year of a strong execution and meaningful 
progress across our strategic priorities. As we enter FY '26, we do so with great momentum and 
a clear focus on delivering stronger revenue growth and margin expansion. We appreciate your 
continued trust and interest in SMS Pharma's journey. For any further information or 
clarification, please feel free to reach out to our IR partners Eqsponent. Wishing you a great day 
ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
