Regd. Office
Regent Chambers, 7th Floor
Jamnalal Bajaj Marg
208 Nariman Point
Mumbai 400 021
Pidilite Industries Limited
Corporate Office
Ramkrishna Mandir Road
Andheri - E, Mumbai 400059, India
T + 91 22 2835 7000
2835 7952 / 2835 7365
F +91 22 2830 4482
www.pidilite.com
ClN:L24100MH1969PLC014336
16th May, 2025 
The Secretary  
The Secretary 
BSE Ltd. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Dept.,  
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
14th floor, P. J. Tower, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Stock Code – 500331 
Stock Code - PIDILITIND 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call
--------------------------------------------------- 
Dear Sir, 
We enclose herewith, a transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analyst/Investors on                  
9th May, 2025. 
A recording of the transcript is available on the website of the Company viz. 
www.pidilite.com.  
Kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pidilite Industries Limited  
Manisha Shetty 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
MANISHA 
RAKESH 
SHETTY
Digitally signed by 
MANISHA RAKESH 
SHETTY 
Date: 2025.05.16 
14:15:49 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
“Pidilite Industries Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 09, 2025 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUDHANSHU VATS – MANAGING DIRECTOR,
PIDILITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MR. KAVINDER SINGH – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR,
PIDILITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MR. SANDEEP BATRA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR-
FINANCE & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, PIDILITE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MR. DHARMENDRA LODHA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
FINANCE, PIDILITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MODERATOR: 
MR. ARUN BAID – ICICI SECURITIES 

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 2 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY25 earnings conference 
call of Pidilite Industries Limited (Pidilite) hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder all participants’ line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing *’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arun Baid from ICICI Securities. Thank you 
and over to you sir.  
Arun Baid:
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you 
all to the Q4 FY25 and FY25 Results Conference Call of Pidilite Industries Limited. 
From the Management side we have Mr. Sudhanshu Vats – Managing Director,            
Mr. Kavinder Singh – Joint Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Batra – Executive 
Director-Finance and Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Dharmendra Lodha – Senior 
Vice President - Finance. 
Now I handover the call to Mr. Batra for his opening remarks. Then we will have the 
forum open for questions and answers. Over to you, Mr. Batra.  
Sandeep Batra:
Thank you and good evening and welcome everybody to our fourth quarter and full 
year earnings call. I will quickly give you the highlights of the performance and the 
financial results which were approved by our Board of Directors (Board) yesterday. I 
will quickly cover the fourth quarter performance and start with the standalone 
performance.  
So, the quarter's standalone revenue growth was 10.2%. We have achieved double-digit 
revenue growth. This 10.2% top line was underpinned by  UVG of 9.8% across 
categories and geographies. The Consumer and Bazaar (C&B) UVG was 8%, which 
improved sequentially, and the B2B segment continued to report strong UVG and in 
the quarter clocked 16.4%. Our gross margins improved both sequentially as well as 
YoY, primarily driven by soft input prices. VAM consumption in the quarter was at 
around $880 a ton vis-à-vis $925 a ton in Q4 last year and just for reference, in Q3 it 
was $884 a ton.  
As we had mentioned earlier, we stepped up our advertising and sales promotion 
spends to drive demand generation. And in Q4 they were at 5.4% of sales versus 4.7% 
in Q4 last year. Our EBITDA margins remained in line with the fourth quarter at 

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 3 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
20.6%. Profit before tax and exceptional items grew by 30.8% over the same period 
last year. Some of that is also led by dividends from our subsidiaries and therefore 
when I comment on the consolidated results, you will probably get a more 
representative picture.  
If you recall, last year in the fourth quarter, in the standalone results there was an 
exceptional gain of Rs. 7 crores due to a share buyback of our Pidilite USA subsidiary 
and there was divestment of our subsidiary in Brazil. This year however, there is an 
exceptional loss of Rs. 20 crores largely on account of impairment of loan to an 
associate entity.  
The Board also at its meeting yesterday recommended a dividend of Rs. 20 per share, 
subject to the approval by the shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General 
Meeting.  
Our domestic subsidiaries reported double-digit sales growth in the quarter. EBITDA 
growth was also double-digit. Sales, however, of our international subsidiaries were 
flat relative to Q4 last year, largely on account of festive holidays in March, largely on 
account of Eid festival. So many of our subsidiaries had a lot of holidays in the month 
of March which would have to some extent impacted the revenue growth.  
Quickly commenting on the consolidated performance, revenue for the quarter was        
Rs. 3,130 crores and on a comparable basis, that is excluding the revenues of the 
Brazilian subsidiary, which was in the base last year, the growth is 9.5% over Q4 last 
year and EBITDA before non-operating income grew by 9.7% and profit before tax 
and before exceptional items grew by 20.7% at consolidated level. Profit after tax 
shows a growth of 40.5% largely because last year there was an exceptional loss of Rs. 
72 crores on account of divestment of the business in Brazil. In the current year, the 
exceptional loss is Rs. 25 crores as mentioned earlier, mainly on account of impairment 
of loan and investment in an associate company.  
Quickly looking at the performance for the full year; at a standalone level, revenues at 
Rs. 12,023 crores are higher by 8.1%, underpinned by a UVG of 9.3% with C&B 
growing for the full year at 7.2% and B2B at 19.2%. Gross margins expanded by 254 
basis points and EBITDA margins expanded by 70 basis points.  
Our domestic and international subsidiaries all reported growth and improvement in 
profitability. As a result, the consolidated revenue for the year was Rs. 13,094 crores, 
higher by 7.6% again after adjusting the business in Brazil, which had been divested 
in March last year. EBITDA for the full year was Rs. 3,013 crores, higher by 11.3%, 

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 4 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
PBT higher by 16.2% and PAT for the year at Rs. 2,096 crores was up by 20% over 
last year. 
 So, with this I will hand over the call for any questions that the participants may have.  
Moderator:
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Abneesh Kumar Roy from 
Nuvama. You may proceed.  
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the demand side. So, in the Q4 call, almost all the FMCG 
companies and even Asian Paints yesterday, FY26 outlook in terms of the volume 
growth and overall demand side, they have said that FY26 will better than FY25. In 
your case in Q3 call, you had said that in Gujarat and some pockets of Andhra Pradesh, 
Hyderabad, etc. real estate there was some tightness in the demand side. So, if I take 
that and given you have already done quite well in FY25, it's a reasonably high base. 
In your case, you think these robust numbers of high single digit kind of volume growth 
or say double digit kind of sales growth, is that looking possible in FY26 when I 
combine all this.  
Sudhanshu Vats:
Hi Abneesh, first of all good to hear from you and always consistent in keeping your 
record on being number one on the block. So, thank you, it's indeed our pleasure to 
hear from you. So, I think like the others have commented, so let me look at it like this. 
So, the consumer demand in a pristine sense, in a normal environment is continuing to 
look good. So, we completely echo what you have been hearing from others. In our 
case, we are also seeing that the thrust of the government on the government spending, 
will be stronger in FY26 because the elections are behind us. Last year, there was that 
national election and some others. So therefore, that effect will flow through in our 
opinion. Secondly, consecutive good monsoon which is what has been predicted will 
further add to this. So, from a consumer demand point of view, we remain quite 
consistent. We have always said Abneesh, that we will deliver double digit profitable 
underlying volume growth and so therefore that is something we will continue on. We 
are on this treadmill. So, therefore the base has got no major effect on it. I think we 
have delivered a good FY25, but that does not mean that FY26 should not be or will 
not be equally good. In all of this as I am speaking to you, we are in a very 
unprecedented macro environment both from a geopolitical sense and also from a 
global economic sense. Now the big question for FY26 is, what the longevity of this 
uncertainty and unpredictability is. If this is short lived about 30-40 days, maybe even 
a month or two max, then I think the year would perhaps play out to the fundamental 
consumer demand. If this is extended, then the impact of this is something which we 
have not factored in and will be very different in our opinion.  

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 5 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure, the geopolitical risk applies to everyone. That's the point well taken. One follow- 
up on this, on the weakness in Gujarat and Hyderabad markets in real estate which you 
had pointed last time. Is there any reversal and are there more pockets in the country 
where this issue seems to be coming up?  
Sudhanshu Vats:
So, these specific places, it's eased out a little bit. That is fair and it's also reflected in 
our overall numbers for the quarter, Quarter 4 if you look at it which we reported, our 
urban growths have been much better than what they were in the past. Although we 
have maintained, our rural growth is still ahead of urban growth. So that piece remains 
consistent. But our urban growth especially for Quarter 4 are much better. So, this is 
again from a data point of view also quite consistent to the observation you had made 
earlier.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks. My second question is about the slightly different thing I am seeing in terms 
of your cost item. For example, in Q4 again most consumer companies staff cost is 
almost stagnant on YoY basis and If I see BSE 500 also, Q4 and earlier quarter also 
there's just 5% inflation in terms of the staff cost. In your case it is 21% up YoY, 5% 
up QoQ, is there any one-off in staff cost?  
Sandeep Batra: 
Yes, Abneesh there are about Rs. 17 odd crores of year end adjustment that has 
happened, that has kind of flowed into the fourth quarter, that is not going to get 
repeated.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Is it ESOP adjustment or what adjustment it is?  
Sandeep Batra: 
Some of it is ESOP, some of it is actuarial valuation of our retiral benefit. Some of it 
is true up of whatever is the performance linked compensation that we pay off. We 
have to all true it up in March. We have got a onetime charge of about Rs. 17 crores. 
So, if you adjust that the manpower cost will be same as third quarter.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. Last quick question. So essentially coming back to the tariffs, Pidilite has always 
been ahead of the curve in terms of new demand generation. Now US itself is saying 
that most of the Apple phones will be manufactured in India eventually. So would your  
optimism on opportunity from adhesives in phone manufacturing, would that get 
bolstered versus say 6 months back because of the developments? We don't know the 
tariff eventually where it will pan out. But based on the current understanding and 
comment by US itself, would you say that the opportunity longer term becomes 
stronger here? I am not talking about this quarter or this year. I know these are things 
which take time but is it looking better?  

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 6 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
Sudhanshu Vats:
Yes, Abneesh, I think we have talked about this in the past also. We recognize the 
electronics, EV and maybe moving forward semi-con opportunity in India. We have 
recognized that in the past. We are very confident of being able to make good of that 
opportunity and we are working towards that. I think on the very specific question on 
how tariffs will play out and how much of that will shift, I would still wait and watch 
a little bit because I think we have got to see this. So therefore, the way I would respond 
is that we were bullish on this opportunity. We had recognized this opportunity already. 
If this opportunity becomes an even better opportunity, we will be better placed to 
exploit that. I think that is what I would say.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Shakdher from Green Capital 
Single Family Office. You may proceed.  
Nitin Shakdher:
Hi, good afternoon to the management for another steady set of good results. My 
question is more forward looking so please answer it in the present to the best possible 
that you can. Now we have seen many large industrial players entering cement, wires, 
cables and paints specifically. And that's hit the margins of the larger dominant 
companies. Now whether it's Asian Paints or Havells who already had a lot of market 
share, now, is there any future risk mitigation plan that the company is working on, 
which sort of tells them what we should do in case a larger industrial house were to 
enter the adhesives. Just wanted to get a management sense of how we are working in 
the future because it might happen in the future. We don't know when, but it might. 
So, just wanted to get a sense of that. This is more as an investor rather than an analyst.  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Yes, Nitin, thanks for raising this question and I think this question has been asked of 
us earlier as well, especially in some one-on-one conversations. So, the way to look at 
Pidilite, and I will answer it in two stages, one, explain a little bit of how we think you 
or others should look at Pidilite, which is a little different. And two, is to your specific 
question on what more we are doing to sort of strengthen our position and make this 
eventuality less likely, if at all it should happen. So now the question is, first of all, 
Pidilite, unlike many of the players sometimes you get compared to, is far more 
diversified even today. So, when we talk of Pidilite, we obviously and very rightly talk 
of us as an adhesive company and as Fevicol, which is our flagship brand. And we are 
indeed very proud of both our presence in the segment and of course Fevicol as a brand. 
But I think our portfolio is now far more div ersified. So, this piece is less than a third 
of our portfolio. Our portfolio has a very strong construction chemical coming in and 
growing very rapidly as we speak to you. Our portfolio has expansion in the area of 
projects and services, where we have demonstrated very good growth in the past seven 

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 7 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
odd quarters. Our portfolio also has progressively renewed industrial products thrust 
and Abneesh's previous question on electronic adhesive was also a pointer in that 
direction. So, our portfolio is far more diversified compared to any of the others you 
have spoken about. Also, the sheer size of the business, even if you were to take a part 
of our portfolio which is adhesives, is not as big or arguably, especially from a size 
point of view as attractive as it can be for some other sectors. And thirdly, I think we 
strongly believe that our brands are far stronger than some of the branded names that 
are talked about, maybe with the exception of one or two. Fevicol, as we have said 
repeatedly, is a consumer brand and India is perhaps the only country where Fevicol 
gets mentioned in the top 10 consumer brand across categories. It is a part of the 
cultural lingo. So, the strength of the brand per se is in our judgment disproportionate 
to the comparisons that get made. Having said all of this, I think what we as a company 
are going to steadfastly do, which is up to us and we are going to work, continue to 
work on to further diversify our portfolio, strengthen our portfolio both from the point 
of view of product category diversification but also as we go forward in the form of 
geographical diversification and growth of international business. So, as the company 
grows, the richness of our portfolio and the diversity of our portfolio in some ways is 
going to always be a strong indemnity or a strong insurance if I can use the word to 
any likely such move.  
Nitin Shakdher: 
Okay, thanks. Sir, my follow-up question on that is it's extremely clear that you have 
already anticipated the risk and probably the management is working on a strategy or 
a vision that if a risk like that were to happen you will be able to counter it. My follow 
up question is, is there any feedback on the ground from let's say the larger distributors, 
the B2B business or the B2C business that what can the company do in terms of 
innovations that it's probably not done before? I mean it is very tough to change 
products overnight but strategy at the management can look into working with 
innovative ways of trying to control a larger market share. So, if that risk were to 
happen you probably lose out a lot lesser.  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Yes, so this is one thing in which we as a company, Pidilite, one of our strengths is 
actually listening to feedback continuously from the market, from stakeholders. And 
when I say market, I mean our dealers, our users which are applicators and all 
consumers where it is relevant and so on and so forth; and all partners. It's a very 
consistent and continuous stream. We continuously keep listening to this, we 
continuously keep working on that and I think therefore that is something which we 
have been doing all along. And to just give you one or two examples, I think the way 
we look at keep looking at innovations and premiumization. So, if you look at our 
Fevicol flagship brand, our premium portfolio, the most premium offering now which 

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 8 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
is called Fevicol Hiper Star is doing very well indeed. These things come out of that, 
also from substrate point of view we have something called a multi straight substrate 
Fevicol called Fevicol Nail Free Ultra which is actually a different chemistry by the 
way but it's applicable to multiple substrates, that's doing exceedingly well. It's 
growing really well as I speak to you. We have also introduced something called 
Fevicol Relam which is laminate over a laminate kind of stuff so, a product which is 
helping you with that. So just a few examples I give you to give a tangible feel. But we 
keep looking at some lot of these things again within the context of adhesives and 
woodworking, the entire movement from on-site to off-site, we have been cognizant 
of that. We have built a very strong off-site team called Joinery team. Our shares are 
strong there; our profitability is good there. So, we are very cognizant of a lot of these 
things which are happening, and we remain vigilant, attentive and proactive in many 
of these areas.  
Nitin Shakdher: 
Great. Sudhanshu, my one follow up is that the company is proactive and innovative. 
Now I understand that cyber security is not the core business of the company, but you 
have multiple plants running logistics. Is the company working to tackle concerns 
about cyber security, we are living in an information world and if tomorrow we think 
that some other risk might come in. Any thoughts on management, any discussions on 
that? I know it's not connected to the main business, but I always worry about 
companies that are not looking at cyber security for their operations.  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
So, Nitin, you are absolutely right. This is not our main business. But I have always 
maintained all companies are technology companies and so is Pidilite. And I think 
cybersecurity has been top of our agenda from a risk management point of view. Now, 
not for this year, but for arguably 2 or 3 years we have a dedicated small team cell. We 
have a very competent person looking after this and we have partnerships with the best 
in the country in order to make sure that we are ahead of the game on cyber security as 
well.  
Nitin Shakdher: 
Okay, great. Thanks a lot, Sudanshu and all the best to the management and Jai Hind.  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayakumar Doshi from Kotak 
Securities. You may proceed.  
Jaykumar Doshi:
Thanks for the opportunity. Crude prices have come off quite a bit in the last one 
month. So how is the crude price and your raw material basket and what percentage of 
your raw material basket do you think will have a deflationary tailwind?  

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 9 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
Sandeep Batra:
Hi, good evening, Jay. So, a large proportion of our products are indeed derivatives 
from crude, but all of them don't have a linear price in the short term with crude. So, I 
think it is something that one has to wait and watch as to how the overall demand, 
supply, inflation, currency, how all these variables play out. But certainly, the fact that 
crude prices have cooled off is a very positive sign for us. We haven't seen immediate 
transmission of it. VAM remains at the levels that we consumed in fourth quarter. So, 
it's wait and watch. But certainly, the signs are are positive.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Understood. And do you think this year could be a year where of pricing perspective 
it could be a deflationary year or at this point of time it's too early to say? 
Sandeep Batra: 
There are too many, there are too many moving parts. It is very difficult to hazard any 
guess at this stage. We will take it as it comes.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Second question is, B2B segment has done consistently well for a few quarters now. 
So, on the high base, do you still think that this is a business where low to mid-teens 
kind of growth is sustainable for maybe 2-3 years?  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Yes. The short answer is yes. But I also have Kavinder now, who directly looks after 
this and we have sort of formed a division called Pidilite Professional Solutions which 
is going to specifically be targeting at this opportunity. So, we remain very confident. 
But I would request Kavinder to also elaborate on this to give you a little bit more 
context and flavor on how we are progressing.  
Kavinder Singh:
Thanks, Sudhanshu. Just to build on your question, I think we are seeing a fairly large 
opportunity in the construction sector and as we are already present through multiple 
brands. Whether it's Dr Fixit, then we have a floor coating brand Dr Cipy, then we have 
tile adhesive solutions through Roff. What we are realizing is that there is an 
opportunity to tap into this larger sector by going in an integrated way to the architects 
and structural consultants. And that is what Sudhanshu talked about Pidilite 
Professional Solutions, is all about. We want to make a big move in this area so that 
we are able to get ourselves specified in various segments, whether it is residential, 
whether it is commercial, within commercial - hotels, hospitals, education institutions 
as well as the EPC contractors, the big EPC contractors through which we will be 
participating or are rather already participating in the government and infrastructure 
projects. We believe that the Professional Solutions which are more in the nature of 
systems, construction system solutions which are needed by various players have to be 
addressed in an integrated manner rather than selling products through multiple 
verticals which we continue to do. So, as we speak, we are moving in this direction 
and eventually our idea is to also tap these segments in a manner in which even the go-

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 10 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
to-market strategy is sort of around the segments. So, we believe that the opportunity 
is tremendous, and we are confident that as long as this cycle of construction upswing 
which is on right now, almost in all the segments and you can track that through the 
growth in even cement consumption, the number of hotels that are getting constructed, 
the number of new hospitals that are coming up. So there seems to be an opportunity 
to be leveraged by Pidilite's strengths that we have with regard to our R&D and our 
solutioning approach that we are taking. If you have any follow-up question, I can take 
it up. Otherwise, I am handing it back to Sudhanshu. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Yes, I do have a follow up. Look, you gave a very good overview of your business at 
the investor day earlier this year. But what we are not too sure about is from a 
classification perspective like Rs. 3,000 crores top line for B2B in FY25, what are the 
big areas? How do you break up that Rs. 3,000 crores into sort of because earlier there 
used to be pigment business. There is an industrial adhesives, there must be something 
else. So, if you could give us some color.  
Sandeep Batra: 
Yes. So, our B2B could be divided into three subgroups. One is our business of 
waterproofing that we sell to projects.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Its Nina Percept. 
Sandeep Batra: 
It has Nina Percept which is an application company. But then we also have product 
supplies that go to these projects. Nina does apply and supply. And then we have a 
business which is into pigment and pigment preparations. And then we have an 
industrial adhesives business which also makes industrial intermediates. So, we do not 
specifically share the revenues of each of the segments, but there are these three 
categories. The project business which Kavinder spoke about is largely India led and 
is riding on the back of an upswing in construction activity. The pigment business has 
large exports out of India and that has done well. The big customers of that business 
will be paint and ink companies and then you have industrial adhesives which supply 
to a wide variety of end use industries.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Understood, that's helpful. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avi from Macquarie. You may proceed.  
Avi:
Sir, I just want you could share any update on the paints and lending business. You 
had indicated, you might kind of think about sharing that towards March end, so would 
love to hear any update over there, sir.  

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 11 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
Sudhanshu Vats:
I would like to call them intermediate updates if I can, but I will give you a context and 
flavor on both. So let me first start with the lending piece. This question keeps coming 
up. So, 2-3 things and we have said this earlier as well, but just want to make it very 
clear, Avi, that the question to ask is what business are we in? So, the business we are 
in here, and while it is classified as lending business, that's correct, but the business we 
are in is to actually strengthen our applicators or our dealers with availability  of 
finance in order to ensure that they are optimally able to grow. So therefore, our focus 
will continue to remain our ecosystem defined as our large contractors’ or dealers. So 
therefore, that's the first key part and I just want to reiterate that because that's very 
important. We are not doing a classic lending  business. We said this earlier, I am just 
repeating it and in Bangalore where we have done this project, we are making good 
progress. We have actually on all parameters making good progress. But like many 
pilots and in a classic Pidilite way, while the progress is good, we still feel that we need 
to stay there. We feel that we need to fine tune it. We feel that we need to therefore 
continue to cross the T's and dot the I's on the playbook, develop modules and then 
look forward. So, making progress focused on our own stakeholders, our own 
ecosystem, more specifically our dealers and contractors and so on and so forth. We 
have a very good understanding of these guys, we have deep relationships, we broadly 
understand their financial capability as well. So, I think that's the piece on how 
Bangalore is progressing well and therefore this piece is progressing reasonably well.  
On the paints part, again, as you are aware, we are in the five states largely in the south. 
We normally call that TAO-TK. I am taking the liberty of sharing some acronyms with 
you which is basically Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Orissa and now TK being Tamil 
Nadu and Karnataka. So, we have been there in TAO-TK. We are making good, steady 
progress. So, we are growing QoQ and are indeed growing month on month. We are 
very keen to continue to evaluate at a micro level like for like growth. We want to 
develop a very fundamental understanding of how we are doing with the dealers, big 
dealers, dealers where we have tinting machines, contractors, so on and so forth. So 
that work is happening here again, like I said to you for the earlier piece, we think that 
we need to do more work to develop our moat, our fundamental hypothesis of doing 
things in a very Pidilite way and demand generation piece. So that work is again 
happening. We believe that while we made good progress and most of the companies 
would say that this is good sales progress, ‘abhi aage badho’. But Pidilite is going to 
sort of, we are going to again continue to fine tune our playbook. We want to be sure 
that we have got our demand generation, particularly our demand generation playbook, 
right. And very critically important for Pidilite as you know, for most of the other 
things. So, we are working on that piece as well and once we have that we will look at 
further extension and we will come back to you. But we are making very good progress 

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 12 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
even on Haisha and we are basically going in these places, we are delivering strong 
progress sequentially as well.  
Avi: 
Okay sir. And sir, any size targets, anything you would want to kind of share about the 
forum or not, too early?  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
No, I think that is something which has been shared earlier as well. So, frankly it may 
be a little bit premature to share the size. But I will tell you the philosophy. The 
philosophy is simple, philosophy is that we will be focused at least to begin with and 
for a considerable period of time on what is called rurban and small-town India. And 
we want to be an important player in rurban and small-town India. So that is the 
measure we are keeping ourselves. So, are we getting there, are we in the consideration 
set of the dealers, are we getting recall from the consumers, are we getting demand in 
these places? So, this is the work which we are doing. Once we get a little bit more of 
this thing we will work on numbers, again for Pidilite numbers follow. So, I think once 
we get this thing right, hopefully numbers will follow and we will be in a position Avi, 
to even share some more with you.  
Avi: 
Thanks, that's very clear. Sir, just clarify and please correct me if my understanding is 
right. The key risk in assuming that Q4 is a reasonable guide on what we can see 
panning out in FY26 which is the caution for you is the longer period of geopolitical 
linked uncertainty. Is that the right understanding? And we have seen two quarters of 
good growth. So, I am just trying to better appreciate why we should not at least build 
in Q4 as a reasonable expectation on growth going forward on sales. Thank you, sir. 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
That's a good point, Avi. Let me ask again, I think this came up in some of my early 
morning discussions also. I think this, when we say cautiously optimistic, let me sort 
of break it up into two. We remain optimistic on fundamental consumer demand which 
I think has been strengthening. In the earlier piece when the demand was a little 
sluggish, we managed to deliver a double-digit underlying volume growth. So, we 
remain confident that we will and can deliver double digit UVG in the pristine 
consumer demand sense. But as we enter FY26, as I was saying in the first question 
which was asked, these are unprecedented times. The geopolitical situation and also 
the global economic situation is very uncertain and very unpredictable in that sense. 
So therefore, the cautiousness is coming around largely from there this time. I hope 
this answers your question.  
Avi: 
That answers the question, perfect, sir. Thank you very much. That's all from my side. 

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 13 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kundan from Goldman 
Sachs. You may proceed.  
Saurabh Kundan:
My question is how much cover do we generally carry on our raw material? Just trying 
to see what the lag with which you start seeing benefits of crude correction. And related 
to that is, when RM cost does go down for you, let's say at some point can you take a 
gross margin expansion from here or gross margin you think is at a good level now. 
Sandeep Batra: 
Overall, we would have about 60 to 75 days cover in terms of raw materials. That will 
become slightly higher when you also add the finished goods inventory that we keep. 
And in terms of the reaction if input costs do soften, it's something that we don't react 
on a day-to-day basis to movements in cost. We will look at what the longer term is or 
a medium-term outlook on input costs and accordingly, take a call. I mean if you would 
recall from October 2023, from the time where input costs actually started to go down, 
we would have taken price adjustments which is why you would have seen that our 
revenue growth would have lagged underlying volume growth and there has been 
EBITDA margin expansion. So I think when input costs correct, it all depends on the 
magnitude and the duration. And we will take a very judicious call at that time because 
we are very careful that we do not want to pocket all the gains and suddenly make our 
category very attractive for competition to enter via the back door.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
Right. Thank you very much. That's all.  
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Nitin Jain from Fair View Invest. You may 
proceed.  
Nitin Jain:
I have two questions, given that the government is giving a lot of priority to electronics 
manufacturing in the country, so can you share the opportunity size that we can see in 
adhesives used in electronics assembly? And my next question is if you can elaborate 
more on the CollTech partnership and how Pidilite stands to benefit. Thank you.  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Yes, Nitin, the two are related questions and let me just tell you. In terms of market 
size estimation for electronic adhesives, if I was to give you a broad number of the 
market size for electronic adhesives moving forward because I tell you this, electronics 
manufacturing also needs to be contextualized. Lot of the time when we say electronics 
manufacturing, many times it is just assembly and if it is assembly, so there the use of 
adhesives is much less. As we keep getting into more and more manufacturing, 
including the motherboard, the other pieces and so on and so forth, electronic adhesives 
really kicks in. So, I think it will progressively build. Our understanding is that this 
business could be a billion-dollar market by 2030 to give you a ballpark number. And 

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 14 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
I am talking about electronic adhesives opportunity. Now, having said that, this is also 
a very complex business because there are multiple parts in each component and then 
there are multiple products and then there's of course EV and then there is in future 
some semi-con and all that stuff. So therefore, in mobile itself, different models and 
iPads, laptops, all of that. And there are multiple moving parts in this. So, what happens 
is that there are fewer companies that are specialized in individual areas, each company 
specialized in individual areas, there aren't many companies or any company, if I could 
use the word, definitely not many companies which will perhaps have the full 
spectrum. Point number one.  
Point number two is that even when you have this classically for any vendor, client, 
partnership or relationship, there will be multiple people who will be there. So 
therefore, in that context, that naturally flows to my second question, which is that we 
have now partnered with CollTech as we speak to you, we are their official exclusive 
distributors for this part of the world, for India as a territory. And that is progressing 
well. And in this business, you have to start with specifications, then that period goes 
for some time. Then you have to, once you have specified, some more sampling and 
trials and then you get into commercial. As I speak to you, we managed to get a few 
commercial orders. So that has started. As I speak to you, we are in constant touch with 
all the important contract manufacturers and, electronic manufacturing services (EMS) 
companies as they are called. They are the ones who put all of this together in some 
form or the other for various brands. So, we are making good progress. It's a piloting 
business. It's going to take time. We have full intent to play in it and we are building it 
block by block.  
Nitin Jain: 
Thank you, that's very helpful. Just if I can add a follow up to that. So, would most of 
the applications be within mobile phones or it spread across mobile phones, televisions, 
etc.?  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
No, it's spread all across. Mobile phones are larger or tends to be, but depends on again 
our product portfolio. And I am not going to talk about that at the moment. But it's not 
only product profile, it's not only mobile phones, it's hearables, it's wearables. So, you 
are thinking only electronics in one direction. But you have all your hearables which 
come in which are actually, by the way India may be a larger market because of 
presence of Boat and all that. And then of course, wearables again. So, India is again 
a pretty large market for certain set of wearable products. So, it's a pretty large gamut 
and it's very interesting, but it's reasonably complicated, which is what I want to tell 
you.  
Nitin Jain: 
Thanks for the clarification.  

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 15 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. You may proceed.  
Latika Chopra:
My first question was regarding some color on the borderline volume growth for some 
of your new forays or relatively new forays. One is tile adhesives, the other is wood 
finishes. And also, if you can give some flavor on how waterproofing volume trends 
have behaved versus 7%-8% volume growth that we have clocked for C&B for FY25. 
And if you could also share some color on how do you expect these growth rates to 
trend going forward?  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Yes, Latika, thanks for the question and we will give you some indication. I have not 
followed what the first question was, so I have understood waterproofing, which you 
said later. What is the other one you wanted?  
Latika Chopra: 
Tile adhesives Roff, basically.  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
So Latika, as you very well know, the way we define our growth categories and there's 
a broad distinct, we say 2X to 4X of the real GDP now and I am happy to share with 
you that tile adhesives a little bit more than Dr Fixit construction chemical, but both of 
these growth brands and categories are delivering to that range. So therefore, we are 
happy with that. And when we say here, as Kavinder was explaining to you earlier, 
especially in the case of Dr Fixit, but arguably for both brands, we take the full 
spectrum. So, we are talking about what you would call retail or bazaar for our 
business, projects and so on and so forth. So, it's a full spectrum of these product 
categories for Pidilite. So, they are both delivering in that zone. Roff, a little ahead of 
Dr Fixit as you would expect in terms of growth. Our understanding is that this 
trajectory will continue. We are quite confident about that. Kavinder spoke to that on 
how we are looking at this piece and therefore more enablers, more go to market, more 
specific go to market structural interventions which we are doing which should help us 
deliver that. So therefore, momentum on both of these should continue moving forward 
as well, in our opinion.  
Latika Chopra: 
Sure. The second question was about your rural retail expansion strategy. If you could 
give us some color on what kind of number, you landed FY25 on Pidilite Ki Duniya 
(PKD) and what kind of growth plans do you have there? Thank you.  
Sudhanshu Vats:
Yes, so PKD we have continuously been expanding, and I think even in this quarter 
we further expanded. So, actually we have closed the year if I could use that and we 
share that number. So, I am happy to share that again, is there about 16,500 PKDs now 
basically, which is about close to just under 1,000 added even in this quarter. So, we 
continue to keep making that. But the way to look at expansion or distribution, Latika, 

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 16 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
is three areas. One is that PKD momentum will continue, but the other area where 
because of our thrust construction chemicals, you will also see us looking at what we 
call the  Dr Fixit Centers (DFC). We will do a lot more work in that space as well. That 
will continue. And thirdly, both for these DFCs and PKDs, the terms which we have 
used, all of you are familiar with, we will also look at qualitatively how do we take 
them to the next level. So, it's not just numbers, but it is what we are doing with these. 
And therefore, as the village where it is there, tends to mature or becomes bigger or as 
the demand continues to grow, how do we make these better? And we maybe use terms 
like super PKD and all that. So therefore, that is the stuff which will continue. So, our 
expansion journey continues both quantitatively from numbers point of view but 
equally and more importantly qualitatively from what we do there, how do we use that 
real estate more and more effectively for us?  
Latika Chopra: 
Understood. So basically, you mean throughput per outlet also is increasing  
Sudhanshu Vats:             Yes, range throughput and Latika also the demand generation activities, multiple things. 
Latika Chopra: 
Is there a way one could measure what's the salience of the revenue we generate from 
these stores? Is it a very meaningful number?  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
So, we do not share that. Of course we do measure all the productivity measures which 
are needed for this and how it should be effective.  
Latika Chopra: 
Fair enough. All right, thank you so much and all the best.  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus Spark. You may 
proceed.  
Tejas Shah:
Hi Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Two questions pertaining to Haisha. So just wanted 
to understand our go-to-market strategy, especially when the incumbents are 
complaining that the cost of shelf has actually gone up too because of the competitive 
intensity. So how are we going about it? Second, at what scale or repeat purchase 
trigger or channel readiness, would you be confident to take Haisha pan India? What 
is the key trigger that we are monitoring for that rollout?  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
It's a very good question, Tejas but I must also tell you if I disclose all of this, in the 
current environment we are not going to be able to talk about any of this. The question 
broadly and maybe at the risk of not repeating myself and I talked about it in some 
detail. We are looking at how to progress this in a different way. First of all, when you 

Pidilite Industries 
May 09, 2025 
Page 17 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. Investor 
Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336
come at it from the competitive intensity in urban India, we do not approach this from 
that point of view as of now. So, I think we look at it from growing demand in rural 
and small-town India. Is there a little bit of interplay because of the competitive 
intensity in this sector at this moment? The answer is yes, there is a little bit of 
interplay. You don't live in isolation. But I think that is the reason that we want to 
continue to fine tune this as we go forward. But we are approaching it Tejas very 
differently from the conventional piece. We are approaching it more from, so we have 
to keep asking the question on what is our license to play and right to win. Our license 
to play broadly there is because from the point of view of our portfolio, our availability 
deep down and we have spoken about that, the way we reach out to some of these 
places. Our right to win needs to be sharpened and we need to be very clear on that and 
we are continuously working on that piece. And as I said, and maybe just a quick 
repetition. From the point of view of numbers, I think we are making good, satisfactory 
progress. Our numbers are growing quarter-on-quarter, month-on-month. So, we are 
making progress. So therefore, that is the good news. But from the point of view of 
when are we ready to scale it up to the full level? I don't think we are ready at this 
moment. We need more work to be done and that's what I spoke about earlier as well.  
Tejas Shah: 
Perfect. Very clear, sir. Thanks and all the best for coming quarters.  
Sudhanshu Vats:
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments.  
Sandeep Batra: 
Thank you very much. I would like to thank each of them who joined the call for their 
continued interest in Pidilite. Thank you very much. Have a good evening.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
