BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
CIN – L51909MP2007PLC066484 
4th Floor, UNO Business Park, Indore Bypass Road, Opposite Sahara City,  
Bicholi Mardana, Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India - 452016                      
Phone: 91-731-4223000, Fax- 4221222/444  
 
 
 
 
 
 
                         Email: info@brandconcepts.in  
 
                                                                                                                                  
 
         Date: 21-05-2025 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
    BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department   
 
    Listing & Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,   
 
 
    Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
 
 
 
    Dalal Street,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
 
 
    Mumbai - 400001 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051,  
 
Symbol: BCONCEPTS                                                                   Scrip Code: 543442  
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Call held on May 19, 2025  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, copy of transcript of the Investor call held on May 19, 
2025 at 10:00 A.M. (Indian Standard Time) to discuss Company’s performance for the Q4 and year ended 
March 31, 2025 is enclosed.  
 
The aforesaid information is being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.brandconcepts.in  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Brand Concepts Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swati Gupta 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Mem No: A33016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swati Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Swati Gupta 
Date: 2025.05.21 
17:37:13 +05'30'

 
 
 
BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
 
Q4 & FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Abhinav Kumar - Whole Time Director and CEO 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q4 & FY '25 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Brand Concepts Limited. Today on the 
call from the management, we have with us Mr. Abhinav Kumar, 
Whole-Time Director and CEO. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to detail us about the business 
and performance highlights for the period ended 31st March 2025, 
their growth plans and vision for the coming year, post which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, Abhinav. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hi, thanks, Vinay. Very, very good morning to everyone. So, I think 
the Q4, just a few key highlights about Q4 was that we've sort of 
maintained or delivered a decent top-line growth. Considering the 
market situations, I think it is pretty good. And in terms of the bottom 
line, I think we've been even in such a difficult price scenario where 
the competitors discounting has been extremely high, we've been able 
to sort of maintain our EBITDA margins and in fact, maintain our 
GPs, gross margins. 
 
In fact, gross margins have increased by a few basis points. So overall, 
I think we fared well from where we started. And there is a higher sort 
of interest cost and depreciation on account of new investments and 
everything that we've made. And hence, the PBT has come a bit lower, 
but there was an extra tax incidence which we had provisioned for in 
the earlier quarters, and hence, we've got the benefit of those tax 
incidence, which has taken us to deliver a better PAT margin. 
 
Overall, from a brands perspective, I think Tommy Hilfiger continues 
to grow strong. The brand salience has been pretty strong. We wanted 
to make a few corrections on the brand side with respect to Tommy 
Hilfiger. We wanted to make a few corrections in terms of pricing, in 
terms of the heavy discounting, which a few e-commerce players had 
done. And hence, we've been effectively able to check that. Our ASPs 
have been growing in Tommy Hilfiger. 
 
Benetton, I would say that we've done fairly well. It's taken almost 
10% now of the overall turnover. So, I think for the first full-year of 
operations, we've seen a good response in Benetton. But I think we're 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
very, very hopeful on the third brand that I'm about to share, which is 
Juicy Couture. And we just were able to launch it in March. It was the 
first season. And I would definitely say that it has been one of the best 
launches from Brand Concepts till date. We did a good digital media 
campaign. We upped our digital game and very, very happy to share 
that within the first 15 days itself, we were able to garner in terms of 
the overall views and impressions that we generated. It was 1.94 
billion impressions and views that we were able to generate across 
different media platforms. And that has given us a lot of confidence. 
Consumers have showed a lot of love towards that brand. Shoppers 
Stop being our very close ally and partners, they also believed in the 
collection. And initially, we had hoped that we launch across five, 10 
stores, but after they saw the collection, we saw the plans and they 
went quite bullish on it, and we launched across more than 40 
locations of Shoppers Stop. 
 
As we say, we are rolling out more. As we keep on going, we are 
rolling out more. The initial response of Juicy Couture is very good, 
very well accepted. And as I had said earlier also that I'm pretty 
bullish about this brand and as a category. So, this strengthens our 
position in the handbags segment. So that's something which we are 
really looking forward to and we see that this should become a decent 
contributor to our overall brand portfolio. 
 
Apart from that, we've made a lot of investments in the last year, be it 
our warehouse, be it the new manufacturing plant. The new 
manufacturing plant, as we speak, we did the first trial orders. And 
those trials have been successful. So, I'm hoping that from this month 
onwards or within this month, we will start the full-fledged 
production. And the plant has come up really, really well. This is 
currently a PC plant. We are also already proceeding now with setting 
up a PP machine as well. So, we are evaluating the machinery and 
everything. And I think in the due course of time, we should be able to 
start on a PP line as well. 
 
We finally received the order from NCLT. Very happy to share that 
we've received the order from the NCLT for final merger of IFF 
Overseas into Brand Concepts. So hence, now backpack as well as 
luggage, both they come in-house. So that's a good news that we have. 
As I said, in the warehouse perspective, we've invested into a very 
good warehouse state-of-the-art facility, which should improve our 
efficiencies in terms of supply chain and dispatches and everything by 
multi-fold. So very happy to share on that. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
Now with all of this, of course, the new investments, you have your 
interest and your depreciation gets impacted. And hence, you see the 
effect in PBT. Nevertheless, as we keep on growing, I think the 
mechanism, the Ind AS mechanism is such that it will keep on getting 
better every year. So I look forward to that. And I think we are now in 
a very, very good position with all our factors checked in, right from 
manufacturing to. We've added stores this year in terms of EBOs. At 
an overall level, we are almost 48 stores. So I think we had even 
though the overall year was a little tough, the consumer demand was a 
little tepid. The competition was playing the price game. I think we've 
still been able to hold our fort and fared well. 
 
So now over to the questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Abhinav. All those who wish to ask a question, may use the 
option of raise hand. In case you're unable to do so, you can just put 
the question in the chat box or you can put a message in the chat box 
and we invite you to ask your questions. We'll take the first question 
from Abhi Jain. Abhi, you can go ahead. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Good morning. Hope you are doing well? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
My first question is on the LFL growth, are you seeing any traction on 
that? Because I think that is one of the most important metrics to 
understand in terms of brand. But in terms of the brand that we have, 
are we able to grow them year-on-year? And I think last year was a 
struggle. So, are you seeing any recovery in that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So LFL, if you see e-commerce LFL, we've grown. The 
distribution proof, including the department stores, they have been a 
little sluggish. But I would still say that the LFL is better than last 
year. But it is still in negative zone. Our EBOs were sort of flattish. 
Yeah. But ASPs have been increasing. So, the value growth is better 
than the volume growth in most of our channels. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Okay. That's fairly helpful. And secondly, I just wanted to understand 
whether you are very gung-ho, whether you are tracking return on 
investments. Do you have a trajectory? Do you have a plan around 
return on capital employed, return on investment for the company as a 
whole? But I think most of the CEOs, for most companies that helps 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
to bring in all the metrics together and the focus on that really helps 
the business in the long term. So, do you have discussions around 
that? Is that a focus area for you? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, 100%. Our focus on the capital employed. So, for example, even 
in the warehouse, when we were investing, the discussion came that 
the overall investment was close to ₹15 crores, ₹16 crores, right? And 
we said it was not about the money that we couldn't have put in ₹15 
crores, ₹16 crores and got the entire thing done at one go. But we said, 
no, we'll break it into phases. And one of the primary reasons of that 
was the fact that let's take it sequentially so that our ROCE, our ROE 
are still protected. Hence, there's always a focus on the capital 
employed. And yes, I hope I've been able to answer your question. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
No, that's helpful. Because I think that FY '22 onwards, obviously, the 
return on capital was one of the most unbelievable to be very honest, 
but obviously, it's taken a dip in the recent years, and hence I wanted 
to understand that. So obviously, now since the industry has seen a 
downturn, and I'm hoping that with the tax rates and everything, we'll 
see a revival this year. Hence, just a long short question. In terms of 
FY '28 or FY '29, where are you seeing your PAT margins, return on 
capital employed? Any sort of medium-term target or plan that the 
management has taken or is working on? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Let me answer this question in a different way. From our overall in 
terms of brands perspectives, from a medium- to long-term, we want 
to start hitting a 5% upwards of PAT. And obviously, in the long-term, 
you would expect that to go even higher. So, EBITDA margins 
inching towards the 14%, 15% kind of a mark. So that's our sort of a 
long-term objective. And yes, but medium term, three years down the 
line, if I have to talk about, yes, we'll be looking at 6% kind of a PAT. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Sure. Thank you. That was helpful. And all the best. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Naysar Parikh. Naysar, 
you can unmute and ask your question. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Hi, Abhinav. So, I think largely now where do you think and how do 
you think the whole industry discounting and everything will resolve 
itself, because competition is obviously increasing. So how do you 
think about it? Is it still a couple of quarters? Is there still enough 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
inventory there for it to continue? How should we think about that 
thing? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, if you talk about discounting, I think there were two players 
which have been sort of discounting or leading the price war. And 
now we see even the likes of Samsonite Group under another brand 
name, which is Kamiliant. And they've also launched a very sort of 
economical product, mass product. So, while this continues, it's very 
difficult to say when will this end? It has to end. But in between, we 
have started seeing some price corrections from VIP. However, I think 
it was met with a tepid demand and hence, they brought it down. But 
what I hear is, and I could say it's great why most of the brands are 
also focusing on having a premiumised offering as well. 
 
So, as we speak, all the other brands are also looking at doing 
something in the premium space, because everybody is saying that 
premiumisation is the key. And that's where you see a strong demand 
happening in that premium segment, right? So hopefully, I would say 
that another one to two quarters and things will start to cool down 
because the demand is definitely coming back. Q4, I think from the 
walk-ins perspective, from overall consumer demand perspective, we 
see that returning. So there are green shoots definitely happening. And 
once that starts happening, I think everybody starts taking cognisance 
of it and starts correcting. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Understood. Got it. And this quarter, how much revenues is in-house 
manufactured goods that we sold? And how will that change post this 
merger? So, what would that percentage be in FY '26? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, in terms of our own manufacturing, luggage had not kicked in. 
So, luggage, obviously, there is nothing which is manufactured in-
house, which has kicked in, in the last quarter. And backpacks would 
be. And I think now almost 70% of our entire backpacks is being 
manufactured in-house, right? And backpacks overall in the company 
is contributing to about 14%. So, you can do the maths. So about 10% 
could be in-house which would have come. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
And for FY '26, what do we expect that to be? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I think luggage, we are hoping that we are able to do at least 50% in-
house, right? And 50% still would be sort of outsourced. So, looking 
at a 50% kind of a production in luggage. Backpacks will continue to 
be about 17-odd percent. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Right. And so, do we start seeing margin improvement? I think maybe 
right now, because discounting and all that, it's all blurred and the 
percentage in-house also maybe not that high. But from next year, do 
we start seeing the gross margin improvement that you are talking 
about with the in-house benefit? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, in terms of backpacks, for sure, even in our plans, our targets, 
we've taken a target of improvement in our gross margins when it 
comes to backpacks, because that unit is a set unit. It's an old unit. It's 
a well-oiled machinery. We're going to be getting that benefit from 
year one itself, for sure. 
 
In terms of hard luggage, and I'm being very transparent and honest. 
My target is that we at least are at par with what we were buying 
today. It's the first year of operations. We'll be starting production in 
this month. So, we will take about three to four months to sort of get 
into the roof, get it as an well-oiled machinery here. There'll be 
teething issues, there'll be learning curves and all of that. So, factoring 
in all of that, and I'm saying that in the first year, even if we don't see 
a margin improvement, we should not see a margin depletion, right? 
We just want to be at par. 
 
And if we're able to achieve that, if we are able to do something better 
than that, nothing like it. But at least we should be able to do this. And 
from next year onwards, you'll start seeing a remarkable, we expect a 
good sort of uptick in the gross margins even in the luggage category. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Right. Understood. And last question, what percentage would be your 
corporate, institutional, defence, all of that in your quarter and your 
revenue? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
If you will see this year, our institutional is about 7% of our overall 
turnover. As I had mentioned earlier that we are looking at 
institutional as a serious line of business now, and we've extending. So 
last year, we've invested into a full-fledged team for institutional. 
We're developing the entire distribution for institutional, and we've 
already appointed a few distributors. So, this year, we hope that we 
should be able to do a better job in terms of the institutional business. 
 
Going forward, I see that as a good opportunity for us in the next, I 
would say, okay, I wouldn't want to exactly say whether it is three 
years or four years or whatever, but I see that as a ₹100 crore 
opportunity, the next ₹100 crore opportunity. So internally, whenever 
we are discussing, we're seeing, let's just look at which are the next 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
₹100 crore opportunities. So definitely institutional, the canteen stores 
business, the handbag business, all these are the next ₹100 crore 
opportunities for us. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Right. And what was that institutional in this quarter, Q4? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Q4 would be, I think close to 5%. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. Do you include canteen stores as part of institutional? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, we don't. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
What is that? Is that any meaningful this quarter? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So, we call it as government business. So overall, it's about 10%. 
We did about ₹27-odd crores in the entire year, and we're going at 
about ₹2.5 crores to ₹3 crores per month, wholesale billing. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
So, is our margins impacted because of that, too? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So, we've already applied for a price increase over there. And it 
will take a little time, but we've identified a few models where you 
need to complete one year of operations over there in order to start 
affecting your price increases, start affecting your sort of if you have 
to replace a particular model. So, you have to take cognisance of the 
fact that when had applied pre-COVID for the canteen stores business. 
And COVID happened and all of that, and hence it took so much of 
time. And in between, we were not able to change the file. You're not 
able to change either the product or its pricing or whatever because we 
have already submitted the documents. 
 
So we said never mind, even if the margins are a little lower, we will 
still continue because we've now got the foot in the door. And overall, 
the response over there has been very good. So this is the year where 
we start sort of applying for model to model changes, price changes 
and all of that. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
So what would be the margin differential between retail and canteen 
stores roughly? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
About 10% lower. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
10 percentage points? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So if it is, for example, a 20% contribution coming from the other 
channels, the canteen stores department would be a 10% contribution 
margin. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Understood. Okay. Sorry, I don't mean to. Practically if 10% is 
canteen stores. Last year, I'm assuming it would be miniscule, last 
year Q4? So, the growth and despite... 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Last year Q4 is when we started. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Correct. So, it would be miniscule in terms of revenue contribution? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So, you can say that this quarter, we've done about close to ₹7.5 
crores and last year, same quarter would be close to about ₹3 crores, 
₹3.5 crores. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. So, retail alpha layer is still significantly lower, I mean, even 
lower? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Not significantly lower. So as I said, EBOs are almost flattish. But 
large format is about a minus 7.5%. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay, all right. Thank you so much. Thank you. All the best. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Naysar. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Deep. Deep, you can 
unmute and ask. 
 
Deep: 
Can you throw some more light on the new manufacturing facility? 
Like what's the current capacity installed and what kind of revenue 
can it throw up? And what can it achieve in terms of production and 
revenue at full capacity? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, the current installed capacity is, you're looking at about 25,000 
pieces to 30,000 pieces in a month, that's your optimal capacity. 
Maximum capacity could go higher if you're running 24-hour shifts, 
all three lines running and all of that. But realistically, practically 
speaking, about 25,000 to 30,000 pieces a month. 
 
See, in terms of revenue, it will be a little difficult to judge because if 
you're producing mostly in-house, it gets recorded as COGS? But if I 
were to sell it outside as a factory, it would be about close to ₹40 lakh 
to ₹50 lakh a month. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
 
So that kind of revenue. If I'm doing the math, correct? Or is it ₹5 
crores? Yes, it will be ₹5 crores. So about ₹5 crores a month. So, if 
we're selling it outside. But if you're obviously recording it inside, if it 
is primarily in-house production, it gets recorded as COGS? So, in 
terms of scalability, I think we've hardly utilised 10% of the land and 
everything available. 
 
Luckily for us, in the same building itself and we had planned that we 
would be bringing an expansion. So, in the same building itself, we 
have a scope of adding at least another one to two lines further of 
production, at least two lines of production, so which can give us and 
every line can give you about 25,000, 30,000 pieces. So, within the 
same premises, within the same building itself, we'll be able to sort of 
go up to 75,000 to 80,000 pieces a month. 
 
You can go 3x from the current capacity. And you will not have to 
substantially spend more in terms of CapEx, except for the machinery, 
not at least in the building. From a land utilisation perspective, we still 
utilise only 10% of, about 12% of the land. So there also, we could go 
8x. So, I think we have enough scope for expansion over there in full 
capacity. 
 
Deep: 
Okay. Understood. So, is there a warehouse as shown in the 
presentation, secondary location or is it adjacent to the manufacturing 
facility? And what is the potential storage capacity of this warehouse? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
It's very closely, so it's not very far. It's about a 20-minute drive, and 
it's on the same route. So, it's not adjacent to the manufacturing. But 
yes, it's about a 20-minute distance. It's 1,10,000 square feet with a 
12.5 meter clear height. So, in terms of capacity, it's a little difficult to 
explain because you have different sort of products and different 
categories. But just to give this thing, it should suffice our 
requirements at least for the next two to three years, four years. We 
don't need to sort of really expand the heads. 
 
Deep: 
But then doesn't that increase the cost for movement of goods? Like 
what's the thought process for it being away from the plant? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
The warehouse was signed earlier before we could commission on the 
plant. And the plant land has been allocated primarily for 
manufacturing purposes. It's a government lease. And hence, we've 
got it at a good price. It's in one of the industrial corridors, and you're 
not allowed to make a warehouse facility over there. And warehousing 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
is always in the logistics hub rather than in the manufacturing hub. 
Both the operations are very, very different and separate. 
 
Deep: 
So is this owned warehouse or leased? And what's the time line for the 
lease? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
It's a leased warehouse and it's a long-term lease. So, nine years... 
 
Deep: 
So, any time line? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Nine to 12 years, I think. I think three plus three plus three, it's about a 
nine-year lease. 
 
Deep: 
Okay. One last question. With the IFF Overseas merger now moving 
ahead, what is the revenue run rate of FY '25? And what is the revenue 
potential from this facility? And would you be merging operations at 
the new plant being set up? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, last year, IFF Overseas did close to about ₹43 crores, ₹44-odd 
crores. This year, we're looking at upping that, of course, because it 
has come down. Last year was tough. But this year, we're seeing, as I 
said, inventories have cooled off for a lot of our clients. New clients 
are coming in. Since the time we've taken over the management, we've 
started inducting new clients as well, derisking our business from one 
or two key sort of clients. So, we expect that we should be looking at 
least a 15% to 20% jump in terms of the overall productivity over 
there in terms of number of pieces. 
 
Now how much of that we consume in-house and how much of that 
goes outside is yet to be seen. But we expect that we should be able to 
do at least a 20% jump in our volumes over there. In terms of 
management, if I have to answer, no, we would not be merging the 
management because we have a very seasoned able Plant Head over 
there. And both the operations are absolutely separate. So, neither the 
retail gets merged into that nor the manufacturing gets merged into 
this thing. 
 
Deep: 
Understood. That will be all for my side. Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Deep. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks. We'll take the next question from the line of Abhi Jain. Abhi, 
you can unmute and ask your questions. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Sorry, just one more question. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, yes, Abhi. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
What I wanted to understand is that a negative LFL takes away from 
return on capital, right? It does not add to return on capital. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
So over years, I mean, it does not help scale the return on capital. The 
best part about any retail or any consumer business is that your LFL 
growth drives significant part of your return on capital in the long-
term. So, your investment keeps paying off. So, does that, I mean, 
concern you? Are you thinking about how can I get back to this LFL 
growth, what I need to optimise in my business? I mean, is that 
something that you're dealing with? Or do you have a plan around it? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So, if I talk about, see, large format or the department store 
business or the distribution business where we don't have a control 
over the store. It's difficult for us to sort of control things over there. If 
they are seeing a sluggish sort of tepid sentiment, all brands are sort of 
part of that. But over there also, we always are looking at how can we 
better the product offering, how can we better the experience from a 
consumer point of view in that store. So, while that continues to 
happen, EBOs is going to be a major sort of revamp. So, which I had 
mentioned, I think, earlier also that we're looking at revamping the 
entire Bagline proposition. 
 
And actually, happy to share that we took an agency on board just to 
define the entire brand positioning of Bagline. We'll be rolling that out 
pretty soon. And I can say it's all my experience that it's looking 
amazing. It's looking great. Now we are in that execution phase. We'll 
start opening slightly bigger stores, not only to incorporate the number 
of brands which are increasing and which will keep on increasing, at 
least till the time we hit a certain number of brands. 
 
But also, it gives a bigger store, gives the consumer, the overall, a 
much better experience. The overall experience is much better. You 
have a better assortment that you can offer to the consumer rather than 
offering a small assortment in a small store. So, I really see that this 
year is going to be a revamp year for our Bagline as a brand, as a store 
concept. So, we're completely focused on getting back into a positive 
like-to-like. And hopefully, we shall this year get back into positive 
like-to-like. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Just one question, and this is just a very qualitative question. I just 
wanted to understand from you, one of the competitors that you are 
there in the market, one of the competitors that you like, I mean, what 
you have learned over the years from them or any quality about them 
that you have learned and incorporated because of the past experience 
or whatever? Anything that you can share in terms of from industry 
that you have learned or whatever? I just want to... 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I think we learn from all of them. And that's one thing that I feel 
whether it is as an organisation or whether it is as a human, your 
learning antenna should always be open. And I think all the 
competitors, they are all good in their own respect. 
 
Safari has changed the whole landscape of the luggage industry. At 
the price that now that they're selling, I think the unorganised is 
getting marginalised, coming lower and lower, lower and lower as a 
percentage of the overall industry, which means that you have 
somebody who's coming in early in the branded fold. And if once you 
come in the branded fold, I've always maintained that it keeps on 
growing from there because the aspirations always keep increasing. 
 
VIP teaches us what not to do, right? And Mokobara is something that 
I really feel that they've done a good job. Yes, they have burnt money. 
It's a different ball game altogether, private equity doing all of that. 
We are probably, many a times we're too focused on the bottom line. 
But I think they've shackled a lot of things. So, we take a lot of 
cognisance of that. 
 
And hopefully, you will see something happening from our side also 
pretty soon. I don't want to speak too soon about it, but we are looking 
at upping our e-commerce game, because clearly, what comes out 
today, as of today is that e-commerce, of course and you'll see most of 
your, I was just going through even Arvind's investor presentation, 
and more than 25% or almost close to 25% of their overall revenue at 
that scale is now coming from e-commerce, where traditionally, 
they've always been offline heavy. 
 
So, I see that e-commerce for sure is going to grow, keep growing. 
Digital is going to keep growing. And hence, we're also now investing 
a lot in the digital space. And second is, so either the consumer is 
coming to a EBO, a stand-alone store, which gives the consumer that 
experience that he wants or so either it is experience or it is 
convenience. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
 
So, e-commerce is convenience, whereas a good standalone store is 
experience. So, these two are the pockets where the thrust is going to 
be from our side also. And you will see a lot of green shoots 
happening this year in e-commerce. We're looking at really, really 
raising the bar a little higher in terms of e-commerce. And the other 
competitors, as I mentioned, whether it is Mokobara or whether it is 
Nasher Miles they've proven this that there is a sizable business that 
you can build from these channels. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Thank you so much. Always love chatting with you. And love your 
honesty. Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Abhi. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rupesh Tatiya. Rupesh, 
you can unmute and ask. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Hi, Abhinav. My first question, Abhinav, is what is the kind of plan to 
open the number of stores, how many stores we are looking at, which 
areas? And maybe briefly, what are your parameters or strategy to 
select an area where you open the store? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, what we want to do with Bagline this year is, as I said, we are 
revamping. So, we're going to be opening a larger store. So, I want to 
open one flagship store of, say about a 2,000 to 2,500 square feet, 
that's one flagship that we want to open. But between 1,100 to 1,200 
to going up to about 1,400, 1,500 square feet carpet is something that 
we are looking at sort of opening. This year, you will also see a few 
airport stores coming up. Have my fingers crossed. We're very, very 
hopeful that we should be able to finalise the couple of airport 
locations. 
 
Now having said that, we first want to see, as I said, that we are sort of 
implementing a change in the overall brand perception, in the overall 
retail experience. It's going to be a complete revamp. So, we first want 
to do a couple of pilot stores, three to four pilot stores, take our 
learnings and then go all out and opening more such stores. But still 
give or take, I would say that this year, we should be able to open 
about 10 to 12 stores. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. So, I mean, I'm looking at your geographical distribution and 
one, I mean, sort of issue I see that you have very limited presence in 
Bangalore, very limited presence in Hyderabad, no presence in Tamil 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
Nadu, Pune, maybe one or two stores, Ahmedabad only four. How do 
you say, major airports and major sort of salaried class segments. 
Maybe you can address that, how did we end up here? What are we 
doing to address it? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So as mentioned earlier also that South was a virgin territory for 
us. And only after that, we've started opening stores in South. In fact, 
one of the airport locations is going to be Bangalore. Very hopeful that 
we should be able to get that and convert that. So, we are looking at 
opening more stores in Hyderabad. Hyderabad seems to be a very, 
very good market today. In fact, we are also looking at not only a 
Bagline, we are also looking at a Juicy Couture store over there. 
 
Bangalore, traditionally, while you all understand that, yes, it's the IT 
city and a lot of salaried class and high salaried class people are there. 
We already have two or three stores in Bangalore. And I wouldn't say 
that I'm extremely happy with the kind of throughput that we're 
getting over there. So, I want to be a little more sure of our product 
offering that we're giving in Bangalore and whether it is able to 
resonate with that consumer. Once we are sure about that, then 
probably, yes, you will see more stores happening in Bangalore. But 
Hyderabad for sure, we're looking at Chennai for sure. These are 
markets that we are definitely looking at. 
 
We don't want to go too much into high street locations right now. So, 
I want to stick to mall locations, right? So, if it is an existing mall, it's 
a little difficult to find space over there because until unless the churn 
is happening, you don't many a times get the right location that you 
want. If it is a new mall, for example, we are very, very close allied 
with Marketcity Phoenix. And any new mall which is coming up, we 
are already a part of in that mall. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And then these 48 stores you have, what kind of sales would 
they have done in FY '25? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
As I said, it's about 10% of our overall turnover. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So, it's probably ₹50 lakh per store per year, roughly ballpark. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Actually, if you look at there are two figures over here. One is you 
have COCOs, right, which is Company Owned Company Operated, 
where you record the sales at retail. And then you have Franchisee 
Owned Franchisee Operated stores where you record the sales at 
wholesale. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
 
So right now, the figure that I quoted is basically the figure which 
goes into our balance sheet. If I have to transform that into retail 
overall, we would have done close to ₹40-odd crores at retail this year. 
So roughly, you can say that our stores average is about a ₹80 lakh per 
annum kind of a store. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
And how does that compare with, let's say, industry with, let's say, 
Safari or American Tourister or I don't know, pick one maybe? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, they have a much larger base. But I think we would fare sort of 
better than a lot of these guys, because it depends on the store sizes, 
Rupesh. So we have stores of 300 square feet also. So our biggest 
store currently would be about 600, 700 square feet, right? So you're 
averaging about 300, 400 square feet. So if you do the maths, 400 
square feet and generating that kind of this thing. So from an SSPD 
perspective, it's a sales per square foot per day perspective, I think it 
would be faring better than most of these guys. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
That's interesting. And I mean, I didn't find what was our sales and 
marketing spend in FY '25? And what is your thought process around 
that number? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, FY '25, we sort of controlled on our marketing expenses, because 
once we realise that it's not going as per the overall sentiment is not as 
yet back and hence, we contained our overall marketing expense. But 
going forward, you can safely assume which was less than 3%, right, 
around 3% is what we spent in terms of marketing. But going forward, 
we can safely assume that I would take the marketing up to about 4% 
to 5% in terms of the spend. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And then another question, is this online channel is 45%, 46%. 
One is, if you can give some idea of the margin across online modern 
trade and traditional trade, either at gross margin or EBITDA margin? 
That is one. And this high online percentage is a double-edged sword. 
You are adopting newer ways where people are shopping newer 
channels. So that's good in a way. But we are seeing this owner of 
distributor versus owner of brand sort of tussle playing out. And 
eventually, I see that the owner of distribution has a higher power is at 
least my observation. So how do you... 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I didn't get this last part, owner of distribution and owner of brand 
that…? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
You are owner of brand, right? You're owner of Tommy Hilfiger or 
different, different brands. And then owner of distribution is, let's say, 
Amazon or Flipkart or DMart or whoever, right, owner of distribution. 
Eventually, I'm seeing that the owner of distribution has a lot more 
power is my observation. So how do you make your brand far more 
compelling so that the user forces sort of owner of distributor to pick 
your brand or promote your brand, right? So this is one slightly longer 
question. And then you can give the margin across three of the trade 
channels. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, margin across all channels, I'd answered earlier, right? So e-
commerce, of course, is there, the margin realisation is slightly better, 
followed by the offline versus online. Let's actually look at it offline 
versus online, because offline, the matrix pretty much remains the 
same, whether it is COCO or a FOFO or LFR or whatever, now how 
you recognise the revenue and all of that makes a lot of difference. But 
if you look at it at nutshell level, offline all behave very similarly. E-
commerce delivers you a better margin. But the difference today in 
terms of the contribution margin would be to the tune of about 5%. 
That's the difference in the play. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
To be clear. You're saying at contribution margin level, e-commerce is 
5% higher margin than offline? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. Now answering the other question of whether a brand owner 
and the whole power tussle. I think power tussle - so sir, what I mean 
is, as soon as you grow up a bit in life, there's a power tussle 
everywhere, right? And it's how you win that power tussle. Whether 
you win it by a strong brand, whether you win it by a strong product 
proposition, I believe that it's all part of the ecosystem. Tomorrow, a 
distributor would need a brand and a brand would need a distributor. 
So I don't think that whole argument holds sort of true. If you are 
dependent only on one distributor, yes. But we are well spread across 
Myntra, Amazon, Flipkart, your Tata CLiQ, Nykaa, we are available 
everywhere. 
 
And even though whatever the new players and everybody is doing, 
we still remain as a matter of fact, in our category, we still remain one 
of the best brands over there and one of the largest players over there. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
So we're very, very strongly poised with our e-commerce. So I don't 
see that as a worry point at all. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And then, my final question is, I mean, weddings, I think is 
such a large driver of spending into all these handbags, luggage, and 
all of that. And if you can give some sense of your strategy around 
how to capture that spend? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So wedding is a very, very integral part of our business, and it's 
season-on-season, right? So if you visit our stores or if you see, we'll 
have wedding offers, wedding edits and all that already happening. So 
not sure exactly how would you... 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Maybe if you can share one or two anecdotes or maybe you can point 
out to some state where in wedding market, you are like really strong. 
You're like a market leader in some state, maybe Madhya Pradesh or 
market leader for weddings, something like that sort to get a feeling of 
how we are capturing the wedding-related spend. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay. So I'm actually not sure how to exactly answer that, Rupesh. 
Yes, if you're asking that are we working with wedding planners? 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
No, no, no, that is not what I'm asking. I mean how in, let's say, when 
a family is thinking of spending on a wedding, how does our brand 
fare? What are you doing to make our brand more compelling when 
people are looking to spend for weddings? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Of course, you would want to... 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
I think in VIP's case, I know, for example, Bihar and Hindi Heartland, 
VIP, I think is a very strong like brand and you kind of go and buy 
like five, 10 bags to give when your daughter is getting married, so 
how are you looking to enter that market? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, we are at a different price point, Rupesh. So while a VIP set, you 
will get for a ₹4,500 starting to upwards to say ₹6,000, ₹7,000, ₹8,000 
for a set of three pieces. While ours would be ₹25,000 to ₹30,000 per 
set. Again, as they are consumer classes, they are wedding classes 
also. So we have people walking into our store and buying the latest. 
So we have a collection known as Jazz, which is a TH, which is a 
monogram sort of a luggage. And the set of three costs upwards of 
₹50,000 over there. And it has a particular brown colour, which is 
very similar to what you see in the luxury brands like Louis Vuitton or 
those kind of brands. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
 
And that we had launched it thinking that this should do well in 
wedding. And it is actually in the entire North region, Punjab. In fact, 
we've done pretty well even in Gujarat, for example, with Jazz as a 
collection. So, once you have to buy, once a family has to buy a 
wedding luggage, they will obviously go into the market, look at 
according to their budgets and everything, what we can buy. And we 
are definitely part of that whole set. So, we are there in the consumer 
funnel for sure. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Thank you for answering all my questions, Abhinav. Nice 
chatting with you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Rupesh. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the last question from the line of Naysar Parikh. 
Naysar, you can unmute and ask your questions. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Hi, sorry, Abhinav, one more question. And we discussed last time 
also, but I still want to understand that if you look at something like a 
Safari, even at the scale of maybe ₹400-plus crores a quarter, they're 
still doing whatever 10% growth. Maybe obviously, the margins are 
affected, but they are still going out and capturing volume, right? 
What is stopping us from doing the same thing? Or why are we not 
able to do that at a ₹60 crore scale, while we are growing, I mean, like 
you said, LFS we are declining 7.5%, EBOs, we are flat. So, what is 
the reason for that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Like to Like. Otherwise, large format, if you see, we would have done 
more than, I think, 12% kind of a growth. Large format, we are at a 
13% growth from last year. EBOs, we are about at 7% from this. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Just volume you are saying? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Value. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Value. Okay. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. But I mean, I'm just saying overall, I don't know how that math 
then adds on, but I'm just saying that overall, if you look at it, if I 
exclude the chain on institution and government, we are practically 
flat to down, right, on a retail basis. So that's what I'm saying that and 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
Safari at that scale is growing 10%. So, I'm saying that are we being 
right now cautious? Do we need to think differently? Are we not at a 
particular price point where we should enter? Because it is almost two 
years and our top line is in that ₹60 crores, ₹65 crores, ₹70 crores 
maybe range. And we are there despite the new brands we've launched 
in two years, despite entering the channel, the canteen stores, our top 
lines have not crossed ₹65 crores, ₹70 crores, whereas Safari at that 
scale is growing 10%. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, I wouldn't want to compare myself with Safari. I think that's a 
wrong comparison. Safari is in the mass market. Mass market, the 
volume growth and the value growth, whatever, should not be 
comparable to a premium market player. And to get into that mass 
category, A, we don't have the brand for it, number one. Neither I can 
take Tommy Hilfiger to that kind of a price level nor we can take 
Benetton to that kind of a price level. 
 
Secondly, Safari is playing on its own production. It is playing more 
as a commodity. You have a large scale of production. Your 
production is now getting optimised, because you're throwing up large 
volumes. And whatever optimisation in production that you have been 
able to do, you are passing all of that to the end consumer. That's not 
how a brand behaves. That's typically a commoditised sort of a 
behaviour. So... 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Right. So, what you had mentioned, I think, last time also that once 
you get your production and everything, which hopefully now should 
say happen starting this year. So, in that case, should we expect that 
you will also come up with, and you had mentioned this last time. So, 
what is the plan on maybe pushing your private brand or a mass 
market brand and utilising and leveraging your production? Because at 
the end, we have to look at whatever play we do. And you are also 
trying to add brands across the spectrum, not just luxury at Tommy? 
So, we are also looking to do a mid-premium or a premium to luxury 
kind of a play and not just stay in the luxury segment. And eventually, 
we have to get growth and ROCE. We can't just be saying we are 
going to be a luxury play and not get ROCE. 
 
So, my question is, so with the manufacturing now coming in, what is 
the strategy to bring in some new brand and kind of adapting 
ourselves to the realities of the market rather than waiting for maybe 
one year, two years that the luxury market will improve? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
For sure, see, I have mentioned this even in the past that once the 
manufacturing play starts to happen, you will see a lot of things 
changing. But the fact of the matter remains that the manufacturing 
has yet not kicked in. Let it kick in. And taking decisions only on the 
basis of next quarter, what I'm going to deliver, I don't want to spoil 
the entire future. So, it will happen with its own sort of due course of 
time. We are committed to growing, and I 100% agree with you that 
our eyes should be on growth, on ROCE and all of that. In spite of 
having a tough year, I think we've been able to still perform decently 
well. 
 
Yes, Today, when I think about Safari - maybe, I'm not sure - I haven't 
heard it personally, but I heard that he said it right there on the con 
call, like, “Yaar, you know, they will sell a bucket and luggage 
together at the same price. I don't want to play that game. It's pretty 
simple. In terms of brands that we want to add, we are adding more 
brands. And I think these are very, very strong brands, which are 
going to give us a much better footing in the market. 
 
So, growth, you will see that coming back in this year that I can 
promise. But whether we go the Safari route, whether we do the 
private label route from our manufacturing or not, give it some time. 
Let the plant first become functional. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. Okay. Fair. I think if in the next one or two quarters, if you 
could, and that would be very helpful, help to lay out once the plant is 
operational, what is your strategy, especially to say that how do we get 
back to that 20%, 25% growth given that we are on a small base and 
despite whatever the market across different segments is doing, but 
then how do we adapt to some realities versus saying that we'll hope 
that the market should improve on the luxury side this year? 
 
I think that would help if you could lay down some strategy which we 
are proactively taking to say that, okay, we think the mass market is 
working right now and these are the steps we are taking to kind of 
enter into that market because we are not a single brand. We are a 
portfolio of brands. And so, we can create or add brands across 
different price points depending on where we see the market is going 
or something like that. I think that would be helpful and will also give 
us an idea of how we should think about the next couple of years. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Sure. So, this year is going to be a very, very crucial year. And you 
see a lot of these strategies panning out. You'll see new product 
launches even in Tommy as a brand. We'll be bringing our first PP 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
Luggage. We've not done a PP Luggage in Tommy till now. So, we'll 
be doing that. We are strengthening Benetton. We are strengthening 
the entire digital space. 
 
So plus, we're looking at adding a couple of brands further this year. 
So, this year is going to be a very, very crucial year actually. And I 
wouldn't say that we have a mass, mass play, whether we are able to 
do a mass, mass play in this year, but mass premium is something that 
this year, it's a part of our strategy that we'll be getting into the mass 
premium sort of segment. And we are very, very hopeful that we 
should be able to see a lot of traction happening over there. And yes, 
as we said, our target this year is to grow at a 20% plus revenue. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Thank you so much. That is very helpful. Appreciate you answering 
all the questions. Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Naysar. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have one more question from the line of Ritesh Shah 
from chat. Ritesh, you can unmute and ask? Ritesh? 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Hi, Abhinav. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, what do 
you make of MOP for your firm and MOP as a practice in the 
marketplace? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Sorry, what? 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Minimum operating price. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, every brand and every product has a different MOP. So, we of 
course, give that MOP to all our channel partners. And in fact, last 
year, that's the reason I'm saying that last year, we actually 
consolidated even on the e-commerce. There were particular SKUs or 
particular articles which were sort of very, very high volume, but the 
MOP guidelines and all that would not be properly being adhered to. 
 
And hence, we had to sort of in certain cases, pull the plug on that 
ascend or in certain cases, control the overall supplies over there, 
right, so that we were able to check on it. And happy to say that all of 
this is now in place. So, this year was the year of consolidation. And 
we've been successfully, we've been able to do that across channels. 
And hence, this year now, the coming year, we are targeting a robust 
growth across all the e-comm platforms. I hope I've been able to 
answer your question, Ritesh. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes. So that was pertaining to the company. And specifically at the 
industry level, how do you see this particular variable is used by 
various players in the marketplace? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I think in terms of the industry, I don't know. It will be very difficult 
for me to comment on how well are they able to sort of map the MOP 
because I've seen luggages being sold at ₹960 from certain brands. So, 
I don't think they were able to exercise the MOP very well. If I'm 
getting the question right, you can correct me, I think you're asking the 
MOP on e-comm platforms that all brands try to operate with? 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yeah. Also, in GT basically, because basically, SKUs are not same, 
though they are similar. And to avoid killing of the GT channel, I 
think companies have resorted to MOP even in the traditional 
channels. And only few companies have done it only probably for 
select SKUs. Now do you think is that the way forward a more 
disciplined approach? Or is it not something which will sustain in the 
marketplace? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, the difference is offline, again, in the distribution channel and 
when I say distribution, I'm not talking about large format because see, 
whether it is large format, if it is a counter which we can control or 
which you are manning? Whether it could be your own store or 
whether it could be a department store, where it's your sales rep 
standing and selling the merchandise, of course, the price control is 
with you. 
 
It's just the dealer and distribution network, which we call as 
traditional trade, D&D. Over there, you pass on a margin to the 
retailer. And now the retailer is, they also have to compete with e-
comm players and all of that. So, they do a varied sort of a 
discounting. And I don't think anybody, any brand has been sort of 
able to control, control that. But I still feel that, that is not brand 
damaging. Because though it's traditional trade, it's India, we are still a 
very traditional trade-heavy country rather than a modern trade-heavy 
country. 
 
Over there, you know, when Sharma ji comes, we just say, “Let’s give 
him a small 10% discount.” That’s, you know, that’s been ours, you 
know, sort of, it’s embedded in the culture. You know, it’s not about 
the discount itself. In general parlance, you just say, “Yaar, at least 
reduce it a bit for the sake of goodwill or respect.” So, it comes from 
that cultural this thing. But that's not brand damaging for you. So, I 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
don't see why you would be doing sort of MOP or whatever over 
there. If you are already giving a discounted price, you're announcing 
a 60% or if you're giving a 60% discount to the dealer, you're saying 
that the consumer discount is 60% and then your margin and then you 
have this business, if you're playing that strategy, then you can't 
complain about it. You've already given it at a discounted price to 
begin with. 
 
But when it comes to online versus offline, there is a definite change 
in the intake margins because of the layering that you have in physical 
retail. So, you'll have a distributor, you'll have a master distributor, 
then you have a stockist, then a distributor, then a dealer. 
 
And because there are so many layers, obviously, there is a margin 
slippage at every layer, correct. So hence, your net margin sell-out in 
the offline is a tad higher. Again, when it comes to EBOs or a 
franchisee store. Today, rentals in India are pretty high. So, the rent-
to-sale ratio is not that great. We are one of the lower ones when it 
comes to rent-to-sale ratio across in the world. 
 
So, because of that, again, the margin play is higher, whether it is in 
terms of costs or whatever. Whereas if you come to e-commerce, there 
is a reason why you say it's a D2C. So, either it is if you're using these 
marketplaces, you're giving them a fee, you're giving them whatever 
some bit of margin, which is still lower. And then you are directly 
shipping it to the end consumer. 
 
And hence, the margin slippage is lower. And in order to create a 
parity, If I launch the same product offline, and if I have a targeted 
contribution, say, I need a 20% contribution, I'll have to price that 
product higher in offline while I'll be able to do that at a lower 
consumer price in e-commerce. That's the reality of it. So, if I try to 
bring this product to the offline market at the same price, then I’ll 
definitely have to take a hit on the margin. And hence better strategy 
is to sort of segregate both the lines. And you still have your wider 
range available to the end consumer because at the end of the day, our 
end consumers should not suffer, but you don’t drive volume on that 
product, you drive volume on the product that’s meant for e-
commerce. I hope I've been able to... 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yeah. Sure, Abhinav. Just last one question. It's in relation to one of 
the prior questions. If you had to pivot to a product offering where the 
median price point is significantly lower, I think to what I read from 
what you indicated is it's not something that we aspire to be or we 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
would like to be on the premium side of things. But the thing is over 
here, the market might not be growing at the same rate as that of the 
bottom or mid-tier of the pyramid. 
 
And the competitive intensity also over there could be significantly 
higher. So, it looks jazzy to be at the top end of the pyramid, but 
fundamentally, we are fighting against far more forces as compared to 
somewhere in the mid or at the bottom end of the pyramid. How 
would you reflect on that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, it's not that the top end of the pyramid is not sort of moving. Yes, I 
completely hear you that the belly of the market is at the bottom end 
of the pyramid. But it's a very different ball game to play that, I think, 
Ritesh. We have licensed brands paying royalties on those brands. 
 
We pay more in royalty than their entire EBITDA, right? So to play 
that price game, you have two or three deterrents. One big deterrent is, 
okay, if your brand is already positioned in a premium sort of a 
segment, the brand owners also will not allow you to take the pricing 
down. Number two, you have your royalty constraints. Number three, 
you did not have your own manufacturing. So, there is a margin 
slippage to a third-party manufacturing. Now with all of these 
constraints, how will you play that - if I start selling the set tomorrow 
at a loss for ₹5,000, volume growth will come, it will come very well. 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes. So it is more because of our constraints that we would not want 
to pivot because if you look at it from the other side, say, if I am your 
EBO, my economics honestly goes for a toss because of the 
constraints what the company has. Then in that aspect, how will my... 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, in fact on the contrary, EBO of, so for example, let's talk about, if 
you're talking about Safari, EBO of Safari, today, a lot of franchisees 
of Safari are coming to us because they are bleeding to debt. How 
much of volume growth will you be able to do? For an EBO, your 
core radius is two kilometres. So every year, what kind of a volume 
growth will you be able to do? Is the population doubling every year 
of that community of that two-kilometre radius? 
 
No. So you will have to go at a higher ASP, to drive a value growth. 
That is not happening in the EBO. So those EBOs are actually coming 
to us, be it selecting and discriminating. There is a particular street 
where you have a VIP store, you have a Safari store, and then we have 
a Bagline store, same building. This is a dealer convert. We are doing 
thrice the sales that these guys are doing. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
 
So you're not comparing apples-to-apples. If I tell you two Apple plus 
two Guava, does it become four Apple or four Guava or four fruits. 
And I've said this earlier also that we are not a luggage company. We 
are a fashion lifestyle company. We are a lifestyle accessory company. 
Whether you grow at a 20% or 15%, even at that base and you let your 
EBITDA margin slip by 6%, 8%, let's see in the long run how it might 
be a good strategy. But we are not in that bracket. So, if you go to a 
Shoppers Stop and say that DMart is growing like this, but you guys 
are not, they're both different. 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes. Fair. Thank you. Thank you so much, Abhinav for your answers. 
Probably I'll come over and see you in person someday. Yes. Thank 
you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Ritesh. That is the last question. Abhinav, would you like to 
give any closing comments or do we end the call? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, I would just say that, yes. I want to give a closing comment. And I 
want to say that, see, it's been a tough year for the overall industry. 
And I would still say that all the investments that we've done in the 
background, we've been working very, very hard. The team has been 
working extremely hard in putting the pipeline right. But a few things 
take time and we should give it that time. 
 
We'll be pretty soon enough. I think we've delivered more than we 
committed in the year to before this. I think for three straight up years, 
we delivered more than we committed. This year, in the beginning 
itself, I said that the outlook is not very strong. I've been very candid, 
very open, very transparent. And I've said this that we are making a lot 
of investments in the background and pretty soon, we'll be back. But 
I'll not be perturbed by one quarter, one year going here, there, not 
being able to do a 20% kind of a growth or whatever. 
 
We are a healthy company. We are a profitable company. We are 
very, very well poised in the market. We have all the right ticks in 
place. So, it's just a matter of time where we'll be on the highway 
again. So, this year itself, I think you should be able to showcase a lot 
more strength that you would have seen in the last year. So yeah, good 
end up on that. Looking forward to a good year, looking forward to 
adding more brands, very, very good relevant brands in this year and 
doing a good business. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sure. Thanks. Thank you to all the participants for joining on the call, 
and thank you to the management. This brings us to the end of today's 
call. Thank you, Abhinav. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Vinay. Thank you, everyone. 
