 
 
 
Date: - 27.05.2025 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: - KRISHNADEF 
ISIN: - INE0J5601015 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Respected Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/123 
dated July 13, 2023, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on 
Friday, 23rd May, 2025 at 2:00 P.M. 
 
Kindly take the same on the record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Krishna Defence and Allied Industries Limited 
 
 
______________________ 
Ankur Ashwin Shah 
Managing Director 
DIN: 01166537 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANKUR 
ASHWIN SHAH
Digitally signed by 
ANKUR ASHWIN SHAH 
Date: 2025.05.27 
13:58:58 +05'30'

 
 
 
KRISHNA DEFENCE & ALLIED INDUSTRIES LTD 
 
H2 & FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
May 23, 2025 2:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
Mr. Ankur Shah - Managing Director 
Mr. Piyush Patel - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 32 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the H2 & FY'25 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Krishna Defence & Allied Industries 
Limited. Today, on the call from the management team, we have with 
us, Mr. Ankur Shah, Managing Director and Mr. Piyush Patel, Chief 
Financial Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. I would 
now request the management to run us through the presentation for the 
period ended 31st March, 2025, the growth plan and vision for the 
coming year, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yeah. Thank you, Vinayji for this opportunity per se and thank you all 
for taking time out to listen to us. Without taking too much time, let's 
straight get to the presentation. Let me begin by introducing myself, 
I'm Ankur Shah, Managing Director of the company. I'm a Production 
engineer, and I've been with the company for the past 25 years. Let's 
begin. 
 
I'll just skip through all, we'll just cover the relevant slides per se and 
then be given more time for the question and answer that that's what 
we are looking to do. Just a background of about our company. We are 
based out of Mumbai. My father started the company. The one in the 
picture is my dad. Incidentally, today is my dad's birthday. Been 74, 
had he been there, but God chose otherwise. So it's an emotional day 
for us. 
 
So, we have our factory in Gujarat, Baroda, where we have a total of 
300 people working for us. We work with business where the layout 
is. We had an office in Bangalore, and two manufacturing units in 
Gujarat near Baroda. Our two business verticals that we work out of is 
96% comes out of defence and about 4% or 5% comes out of the dairy 
industry, which has been our traditional industry. 
 
Coming straight to the product basket that we do, I'm sure all of you 
know by now, but one of them, just for the people who would have 
joined for the first time, our premier product is the bulb bar. These are 
steel bars that are there or stiffeners as we call. These are replacement 
of angles in channels used for structural member. However, if you see 
the shape, it's like a P horizontal P shape as compared to normal L or a 
C shape kind of a structure. 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 32 
 
 
These are used for hull construction of warships. The image that you 
see in the centre, if someone can see the cursor, the one in yellow, 
these are used as structural members for the strength of the hull 
structure. Because of the typical shape, the strength to weight ratio is 
3x. 
 
And the strength to weight ratio being higher, I can reduce the weight 
of my platform, in this case, the ship without compromising on the 
strength of the ship. So we've been doing this since about 2008 
onwards. We registered with the Navy and we are supplying to all the 
shipyards. The next two products are welding wires, SAW wires and 
welding electrodes. These are very special grades that are there. All 
these three products that you see, the Indian Navy was importing this 
from Russia. 
 
We have successfully indigenised them and are supplying for the 
various platforms, that are being built by the Navy. On the extreme 
left is a product called the Ballast Bricks. This is again used for 
critical platforms, so balancing of the platforms. This has a typical 
feature that the magnetic signature, the same is extremely low. On the 
centre is the Armoured Steel Profiles. 
 
This is a new segment that we got into in the past few years, and we 
are seeing good traction on that. These are Armoured Steel Profiles 
which is used for the manufacture of the T-90 tanks for the Indian 
Army. There are various profiles about 17, 18 of them. These are used 
as chassis or other applications within the tank area. This again was 
imported from Russia. We have successfully indigenised them. On the 
right is a product called the Bukhari, which is used as space heating 
device as we call it or used at high altitude like Ladakh and Siachen in 
such places to keep the room warm. 
 
There's an improvised version of the earlier Bukhari that was there. 
This we have done in transfer of technology with DRDO lab called 
DIPAS Space out of Delhi which is responsible for high altitude 
products for the soldier and our army. That's our customer base 
starting with the Indian Army, Indian Navy, of course. All the big 
shipyards, Cochin Shipyard, Mazagon Dock, GRSE, Hindustan 
Shipyard. We are also armoured vehicle, as I mentioned, DRDO, Goa 
Shipyard. These are all the shipyards that we are supplying our 
products to. 
 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 32 
 
This is the Dairy segment of it. We started off in '97 with the 
manufacture of milk cans, milk cooling tanks, and the robotic milk 
collection unit. That business still continues. The factory, the way it is, 
it runs on auto mode. So the factory still continues for us. 
 
Way forward, these are new business prospects that we see for us 
coming in this particular year. We are adding on a few more products 
in the weld consumable front, higher grades, that are there. And for 
little more applications than what we are doing right now, we are also 
getting additional enquiries for armoured vehicle components from the 
Army side. 
 
We are working on cutting edge technology products for ship repair 
and maritime services. We've had some success on that. And with the 
growing shipbuilding strength, we are currently registered with few 
now. This year, we will get registered with Bureau Veritas with, 
Lloyd's Register and of course with IRS also. So these are the plans 
for the upcoming year for the product range that we are doing. In 
addition, I wish to share with the shareholders that, we've taken 20% 
stake in a company called Conceptia Software Technologies Private 
Limited. It's a company based out of Bangalore, which has been in 
existence for the past 15 years, which is an export company in ship 
and submarine design and related offshore products are there. 
 
So we thought of it as a strategic partnership where we could not only 
do the design, but also build the product and give for the end user 
application. So that was what our insight on the same was, and that's 
the reason we acquired a 20% stake in the company. 
 
We already had an associate company by the name of Waveoptix 
Defence Solutions, which was involved in radio frequency and optical 
fibre converters. We had a 25% stake. We've upped our stake from 
25% to 40%, because we see a lot of momentum, creating on that front 
too. Just, very excited again. I have mentioned this earlier, and things 
are getting concretised more for other composite door venture with a 
Dutch company. 
 
This is the first time that we are venturing with a foreign company to 
establish a product for the services. These are composite lightweight 
fire resistant doors. Our trials have been successful. We've started to 
build a few test facilities, which are mandated for you to do the test 
trials for product, which have been successful. 
 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 32 
 
And also the actual runs on the ships have been, pretty good that we 
have got so far. So the finalisation of the contractual terms are in 
progress. We expect that to close very soon. 
 
With the way, we have grown and looking at the way the current 
geopolitical scenario and the growth that we see for our products and 
the new products that we are envisaging to do. We see ourselves 
growing at about close to 30% to 40% for the next three to five years 
from here on. 
 
I'll just wrap up on the things that we have done within this financial 
year. We have doubled our capacity at our Halol plant and the facility 
I'm glad to share that it's operational and we are working on those 
capacities now. This project was slightly delayed. It kicked off by 
about February sometime. 
 
It was in April. These are complex systems. However, we've been 
successfully been able to do it. I already spoke about the strategic 
stake in Conceptia, increased shareholding in Waveoptix. We, this 
year, got our approval from DNV and American Bureau of Shipping 
that we already got. New joint venture with VABO, we already 
discussed about. 
 
And I'm glad to share that we'll be moving forward from 1st April with 
an order book about close to more than ₹260 crores plus, which is 
probably one of the largest that we've ever got. I hand over to Piyush 
bhai, our CFO just to run upon the financial numbers. Thank you very 
much. 
 
Piyush Patel: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you all 
to the FY '25 and H2 FY '25 earnings update conference call of the 
company. For the FY '25, total revenue of the company grew by 
83.1% to ₹1,949 million in FY '25 as against ₹1,064 million in FY '24. 
The company reported EBITDA of ₹303 million in FY '25 as against 
₹154 million in FY '24, a growth of 96.3%. 
 
EBITDA margins have increased to 15.6% in FY '25 as against 14.5% 
in FY '24, a rise of 105 bps. On year-on-year basis, PAT of the 
company surged by 124% to ₹219 million in FY '25 as against ₹98 
million in FY '24. PAT margins have increased to 11.3% in FY '25 as 
against 9.2% in FY '24, a jump of 205 basis points. Now for the H2, 
FY '25, total revenue of the company grew by 41.6% to ₹1,008 million 
in H2 FY '25 as against ₹712 million in H2 FY '24. 
 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 32 
 
The company reported EBITDA of ₹162 million in H2 FY '25 as 
against ₹107 million in H2 FY '24, a growth of 50.6%. EBITDA 
margins have increased to 16% in H2 FY '25 as against 15.1% in H2 
FY '24, a rise of 96 bps. 
 
PAT of the company surged by 58.2% to ₹113 million in H2 FY '25 as 
against ₹72 million in H2 FY '24. PAT margins have increased to 
11.2% in H2 FY '25 as against 10.1% in H2 FY '24, a jump of 117 
bps. Closing order book position of the company is ₹2,700 million 
which is the highest ever order book position as on the year end. 
 
I will not take much time and quickly run through other slides because 
the whole presentation is uploaded on exchange for your review so all 
of you can have look on it. This is the financial overview of the 
company for last four years and two, half years in a graphical way to 
have better understanding about the financials. 
 
Next slide is the income statement for comparison of half years and 
yearly results. Then next slide is the profit statement of last five years 
in order to have better understanding about the financial performance 
of our company over the period. And last slide is the balance sheet of 
the company for the last three years. Thank you. And over to you, 
Vinayji. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We'll move to Q&A now. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yes. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
So, we'll take the first question from the line of Nitin Karmawat. Nitin, 
you can unmute and ask your question. 
 
Nitin Karmawat: 
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity. Yeah. So my first question is 
about, we have changed our revenue guidance because I remember 
that that the earlier revenue guidance was around 40% to 50%, so we 
have brought it down. So can you please elaborate why we had done 
that and what is after? 
 
Do we see any reduction in in the orders? Because I heard that there 
are a lot of orders coming in in the defence. So, why this change has 
happened if you can throw some light on that? 
 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 32 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Right. And, Nitinji, interesting question. That is at, let me tell you 
when we are talking about CAGR growth, we are talking about CAGR 
growth over next three to five years that is there. The number that 
you've been talking about was at ₹100 crores base level that is there. 
We are about close to a ₹200 crores base level and we want to make 
sure that we are more realistic and not overoptimistic about things. 
 
It's not a connection in the figure, and 40% or 30% to 40% is not what, 
that is you don't read the number too much in that detail. And in not 
that sense, we are very, very, positive about the business, the business 
products they are going to and the way things are going. But, your 
base level has increased from ₹100 crores to ₹200 crores, so we want 
to make sure that we are controlling ourselves in our enthusiasm and 
hence the number that is there. 
 
If you see for the past few years, the guidance that we have given, we 
matched up to the guidance or gone ahead of it. We want to make sure 
that we keep the track. 
 
Nitin Karmawat: 
Got it. My next question is, I remember that there was some approval 
spending with maybe for one of our products. What is the status of 
that? Can you please elaborate on that? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
I don't recollect you remember a specific product because, we are 
more like a development company. So there are several approvals that 
are in process, which will get approved so on and so forth that that 
keeps coming. So if I can't remember the product that we spoke about 
last time, Nitinji, I'm sorry on that. But it's an ongoing process, so I'm 
not sure which particular product that you're talking about. 
 
Nitin Karmawat: 
I'll come back to you on that. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Not at all. 
 
Nitin Karmawat: 
Next question is about the JV with this Netherland based VABO 
composite, VABO composite. So can you please elaborate what is the 
status of that? Because we had some revenue projections, earlier. So if 
you can throw some light on that. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yeah. So, Nitin, we must understand that when you're inducting a 
product for the services, be it the Navy, Army, or Air Force. You're 
just about purchasing the product, but because it has to perform in 
actual conditions that is there, right? So we have done our trials. The 
sea trials have been successful, and now we are setting up the 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 32 
 
production unit related to that. Certain tests have to be done, certain 
tests are type tested that is imminent. And you mean by type and time 
test that is there, the hinges have to work for six months in C 
condition, so on and so forth. So these kind of tests that have to be 
done, which we have clear with. 
 
And we've identified an area where we'll be setting up the unit, the 
procurement for the same. We've got all those things in detail. This is 
the first time that we are doing, a joint venture with the foreign 
company. So there are kind of issues on that front, those 
administrative issues that are being held from their side that we are 
clearing. But I'm very hopeful that this year, we will see some 
production coming out of that JV also. 
 
Nitin Karmawat: 
So are we going to increase some more investment over there, or it's 
going to be ₹10 crores of what we have initially thought of? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
No. It's going to be in the same range. Nitinji, it's more about the tech 
and the designing thing than the infrastructure footprint that is there. It 
doesn't require super heavy machinery or very fancy robots or what to 
do it. It's all about the core design engineering, and that is the reason 
we have a tie up with this company, because they are extremely strong 
on the design and engineering. So that's the leverage that we'll be 
using. 
 
Nitin Karmawat: 
I got it. Thank you so much and wishing you best. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you, Nitinji. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Nitin. We'll take the next question from Prabal Jain. 
Prabal, you can unmute and go ahead. 
 
Prabal Jain: 
Yeah. Hi, I wanted to understand if you have any CapEx guidance for 
the upcoming year FY '26 and maybe for the next two, three years. 
Since you have a lot of products under development, and I'm sure you 
must be evaluating some more products. So any CapEx guidance if 
you can give us? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So, the CapEx guidance for our products, I've already given, but I'll 
just recap it. We've already doubled our capacity that is there within 
the starting point of the year. We are looking to do some automation 
around it, which is under process that is there. So cumulatively, 
another about ₹8 crores to ₹10 crores is what we expect to kick in 
within this financial year. But these will be in phase wise manner. It's 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 32 
 
not going to go bang, bang that is there. As we move because certain 
are SPMs that are going to have to be developed in order to increase 
our productivity. That is what we are working on, and improve our 
efficiency. That is one. 
 
On the JV front, it's about a million euro investment. So half of it will 
come from us. So that's another about close to ₹4.5 crores, ₹5 crores. 
This is for our product crane that we're looking at. We've already built 
the CapEx for that, for the same already, for the newer products and 
the newer ventures that we are doing it, I will talk on it as we come 
forward. So as they progress and mature, it might not be the right time 
to talk on the same right for now. 
 
Prabal Jain: 
Okay. Great. Any other product that you are planning to indigenise? 
Because in the introductory remarks, you mentioned two of the 
products which were imported. So, I mean, that is something we want 
to know. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So those were imported. We've indigenised them. Yes. We are 
working on a few more products that is there. But, Prabalji, you'll 
appreciate, some most of the work that we do is in classified nature. 
We are given a time that then you can publicly disclose it. I may not 
be able to share light on that, but in all honesty, I wish to share that we 
are working on a few products that are very interesting prospects, and 
I will be sharing about them. We are more enthusiastic about sharing 
about them, as things move forward. 
 
Prabal Jain: 
Great. And one last question. So we understand the CapEx 
requirement that you're projecting as very less. So, I mean, in terms of 
if you look at our company, like what kind of moat do we have? Does 
it revolve around getting the relationship with the navy and air force 
and all those things? Or is it regarding the approvals, or is it regarding 
the engineering of the product? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
It's the third and we always call ourselves as an engineering company. 
And that's the strength, why the Navy or the army has trust in us, to 
give us the product that they were looking to indigenise that is there. 
And this opportunity is open to everyone who has been with the Navy 
or even from outside or per se that is there. But it is someone who 
understands the technology and is able to adapt and absorb the 
technology. They are the ones who move ahead. So we back ourselves 
on our engineering strength and engineering team. On our first or the 
second slide we have, we have a team of 280 odd people, and we have 
a team of 30 engineers that is there. 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 32 
 
 
Honestly, probably, I do very little work. I'm the face, but the Piyush 
bhai and team, and the people at the factory, they're the guys who 
really do the work that is there. It's unfortunate they can't come at 
these forums and talk about it, but I'm the face, but we are doing a lot 
of work, and we are back ourselves as an engineering company to 
evolve and grow further. 
 
Prabal Jain: 
Great. All the best. I'll come back in the queue. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you, Prabalji. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Prabal. We'll take a question from the chat line, which is 
from Mr. Sudhar. When Krishna Defence is migrating to the main 
board, NSE exchange? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
We've already started the documentation work related to that. In fact, 
it's just 06 April, 2025 is when we completed three years. All the 
process for the same can kick start only post that. So we've done the 
necessary steps, shareholder approval, and whatever has to be done 
related to that. I don't know the details about it, because the finance 
and the company secretary team is the one that's handling it. But 
things are moving forward in full pace. We are excited to be on the 
platform. We have applying to do be listed on both the NSE and the 
BSE platform. So we expect, that by July or something, we should be 
listed if that's the timeline that you're asking for. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is, why recently no new orders are 
being reported, despite, shipping yards getting big orders? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So, no new orders have been reported, because some of the orders are 
coming in piece meals that are there. So it's not one large order that 
has come through. So the guidelines we are maintaining, if it's 10% of 
the PO value we are reporting, that is there. But you can see what is to 
be seen is from the order book that is there. We pulled on from the 1st 
April ₹260 crores plus order book that is there. So order flow is 
coming in and we would have given this kind of guidance if we didn't 
have the visibility of those three things coming through. 
 
Moderator: 
His third question is, how are new acquisitions funded? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So most of the acquisitions are funded from internal accruals only. If 
you see the debt on our book, the debt is the pretty low per se, almost 
negligible. So it's all funded from internal accruals. 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 32 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of CA, Garvit 
Goyal. Garvit, you can unmute and go ahead, please. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Good afternoon. Congrats for a decent execution in this second half. 
My question is, particularly on the order book side only. While, when 
we see we'll be growing at a CAGR of 30% to 40%. Sorry, I'm asking 
it again, because I think our previous participants are already 
highlighted it. 30% to 40% for next three to four years. And does that 
mean, it is going to be a linear growth year-over-year or we can expect 
the similar kind of growth for the next year and by FY '26? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So, Garvitji, I'm also hoping that it's not a linear curve because linear 
curve gets too boring for everyone around, right? So we'll also hope 
for if you can outbid that. But you still have to follow a stick line that 
is there. So that's the trajectory that we are looking. But we see there is 
a possibility with me. But it works both ways. So you have to be given 
a more realistic projection, which is what we've already done with the 
things going on right now, the geopolitical scenario. We see an uptake 
in that for sure. Could be possible. But this is could be, right? But 
guidance that we've given is from very solid data that we can foresee. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
And so we can take it as a minimum benchmark, right? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
That is for you to interpret. We have done our guidance as a result. 
And whatever guidance that we’ve given, we've make sure that we 
achieve that or cross that line. So I would like to keep it at that. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood. And the order book that we are having right now, so what 
is the execution timeline for the same? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
There are several orders within that number of 260 plus. So all 
different range starting from, since up nine months to about 15 months 
is what we see the execution time for the same for the existing orders 
that are there in place. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Nine months to 15 months is the range that you're looking. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yeah. So some are nine months, some are six months, or whatever 
with that range. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Got it. And lastly, on the order pipeline, how big is our order pipeline? 
Like, currently, we are into the set of building. And based on that, I'm 
not asking for a precise number, based on your experience. I'm just 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 32 
 
asking for, how do you see the kind of order inflow we can expect in 
FY '26, from the pipeline we are currently into building purpose? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
We spoke about the 260 odd big orders that we already have received. 
There are quite a few tenders in pipeline, though. But, Garvitji, I 
would like you to look at it from another perspective that is there. You 
see the kind of CapEx, MDL, MDL I believe is doing about ₹4,000 
crores to ₹5,000 crores CapEx. GRSE is doing, CSL has added a dry 
dock to themselves. They're doing about ₹2,500 crores to ₹3,000 
crores expansion on that. 
 
I see this going through that is there. But this is coming in and Prime 
Minister has said that India has to become the fifth largest 
shipbuilding industry in the world. And everyone is aligned to the 
vision and moving towards that. And just a point on because this is the 
second question that I got on the CAGR growth that is there. You 
want to see it from a three to five year perspective, not see it from a 
quarter or a yearly perspective that is there. 
 
We aim to be a ₹500 crores company in a short while as we move 
forward. But the baseline change and, hence, things, I have to do the 
math accordingly. In fact, we are going faster than what we have 
projected, but we are on that trajectory to come there. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
And this ₹500 Cr mark, is there any timeline to it that you are having 
in mind or which year? Yes, obviously it is clear from the CAGR 
number you are giving, but… 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Sir you are a CA, I am an engineer, you’ll calculate it faster than me, 
but in the next three to four years is what we wish to gather in. But 
that is the timeline that we see. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Got it. And just one more thing. Last thing, India, recently, there was a 
news article, regarding India is planning to spend around $10 billion 
on home-built oil tanker fleet. So can you spend few minutes on 
describing your role that can be there in this kind of opportunity? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
No. See tankers are mounted on floats or barges or ships kind of a 
thing depending on the capacity or how they're looking at. These also 
if they are made in India, we will play a role in it. And hence, I 
mentioned my presentation, we are getting approval from Lloyd's 
Register, from LRS, from Bureau Veritas that is there so that we 
qualify for this, and we can start supplying that even for those kind of 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 32 
 
requirements, because we have the classification approval to get into 
this. 
 
So we are excited about that space. But Garvitji, this is a projection 
that is there that has been done by the government and so on and so 
forth. We've still not got enquiries for that, but that will take time. But 
I see that things are moving positive in that direction. That's what I 
would like to say. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Got it. Thank you very much. Thank you for your time, all the best for 
the future. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you, Garvitji. Thank you. Appreciate. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Gavit. We'll take the next question from the line of 
Shikha Mehta. Shikha, you can unmute and go ahead. 
 
Shikha Mehta: 
Good afternoon. Congratulations on a great year. I just wanted to 
understand a few things. Mainly, we've seen good amount of margin 
improvement in this second half. What is the peak margin we are 
targeting? Can we see 18% to 20% soon on the cards, or how are we 
looking at it? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So I've always mentioned in my concalls that, once we see an increase 
in the revenue, the operation leverage will kick in, which has showed 
in the numbers that are there. And with the growth that we are seeing, 
those numbers also will improve going forward. To put an exact 
number by when it will be 18% or 20%, it will be slightly difficult. 
But if you do the math around we will consistently improve on that 
curve because that's a focus area for us. We are working towards that. 
But you would see an uptake in that as the operation level will start to 
kick in. 
 
Shikha Mehta: 
Understood. And in our year end numbers, there seems to be a slight 
buildup in inventories. Can you help us understand how we are 
looking at our working capital cycle? And are these inventories built 
up to be liquidated in Q1, Q2 of FY '26, or how shall one look at it? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So, the inventory build-up, which is some of the raw material, the 
WIP, the finished good that is there is in the range of about close to 
₹72 odd crores that is there, which is about 36%, 37% of what we did 
last year in terms of revenue. But when you look at it from the 
perspective of the order book that we have in hand, the ₹260 crores 
plus, it's about close to 30 odd percent is the number. So the most of 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 32 
 
them is for the orders that we have in hand, and we expect that most of 
it will be used for the next two quarters that are there. 
 
Because some may get below the quarter three. But we see those 
things kicking in hand. The reason why the higher inventories there 
because we have a high order book. I would want you to see from the 
percentage of the order book in hand rather than just see it from the 
revenue that was closed last year. 
 
Shikha Mehta: 
Understood. And I think last time we had mentioned on the call that, 
we want to reduce our working capital cycle and getting that 
lumpiness out of our revenues is one way to do that, which I think we 
have done since the first half year and second half year of the year has 
been almost quite similar. So, is that something we're still working on? 
Can we see a reduction in the working capital cycle? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yeah. So, Shikha, you guys are from the finance field. You guys know 
better about finance than me, per se. So, working capital cons is also 
from the trade receivables, the trade payables and also from the 
inventory that you're carrying. Inventory, as we grow, the inventory 
built up cannot be brought down to 5% or 10% because our working 
capital is larger. 
 
So we are making all our efforts to bring it down. But I would want 
you to look at the number of the trade receivable, as a percentage of 
the revenue, we brought it down. So that has helped us improve the 
working cycle. You may not see in absolute terms, but in percent type 
terms of the revenue, we see a better functioning on that. 
 
The finance team led by Piyush bhai has worked hard towards it, that 
our receivables are well in place, per se. Inventory, certain things we 
cannot escape. Certain things take time. You just cannot escape that. 
So we are working towards it, but let's not expect to be 5%, 10%. 
That's going to be very difficult. 
 
Shikha Mehta: 
And so on the trade payables side, we've seen a reduction in our credit 
cycle. So is that again I mean, I guess that's getting offset it with that 
improvement in trade receivables. So I think that's where we're seeing 
a slight difficulty. Anyway, so also could you just help us understand 
our new acquisition a bit better and what kind of revenue potential 
we're seeing from there? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yeah. Great question, Shikha. So Conceptia, as I mentioned is a 
company that is into designing of ships and submarines or even 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 32 
 
offshore platforms, per se. This is a company based out of Bangalore, 
strength team of up close to 80 odd people, 80 plus people, doing 
about ₹60 crores, ₹65 crores in revenue, it is a growing enterprise. 
 
We see synergy with them that, when they're offering a particular 
design work to a shipyard, you're now not only giving the design on 
paper, but we have the capacity now to build that particular module or 
a block or a part and supply to it. So, for the end customer, you are a 
one stop solution. You could also be designing and also supply the 
product. So that was the idea and the rationale behind that acquisition. 
 
Shikha Mehta: 
Got it. And is the plan to slowly increase stake in Conceptia, the way 
we've done in Waveoptix, or we're just taking it as it comes? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So we wish to increase it, but it has to be beneficial to us. It has to 
bring more business to Krishna. That's the more important thing than 
simplistically looking at from a financial perspective. So if you see 
that as helping some bringing in some business to Krishna, we may up 
the ante if that is possible. 
 
Shikha Mehta: 
Got it. And for Waveoptix currently, we're at 40%. Are we looking to 
take that to above 50% in the near term? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
The answer would be yes and no. We have to see how the business 
progresses from here on for us to do that kind of work. We cannot 
contribute too much on the defence electronic fund because we 
hardware. Well, we do more of steel and on the naval side. That's a 
more Army based and the tactical communication front around per se. 
 
So if you see growth in that, we may do that. But as of now, if you ask 
me today, not because it's pretty well funded and it's growing well. It 
may not need any investor fund at least for some time. 
 
Shikha Mehta: 
Understood, and last question from my end, you spoke about our 
CapEx guidance for the year, which seems quite manageable with our 
internal accruals. So, is there any plan for any fundraise, any increase 
in debt, or currently, if everything stays as is, we should be okay? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
For our current product range, of the way it goes, we should be able to 
manage with internal accruals or maybe some debt raise through the 
banking option, but it's not going to be a large amount that is there. 
We already have limits in place, sometime which we are not utilising. 
So that'll kick in. But a fundraise, I don't see it happening for our 
existing products. 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 32 
 
 
We are working on couple of new products that are there slightly 
larger in nature. If those things materialise, then we may be looking at 
some fundraise, but not for the products that we are doing right now. 
 
Shikha Mehta: 
All right. Thank you so much. I'll come back in the queue. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you. Thank you, Shikha. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Shikha. We'll take a question from the chat, which is from 
Himanshu Mittal. What is the utilisation percentage of new facility? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
The utilisation facility as we speak right now is almost about, close to 
60 odd percent you start to utilise. We have to take it up to 80%. There 
are technical hitches that are coming with the new line in place. You 
always have this. It was about only 35%, 40% in the month of April. 
It's up to about 55%, 60% now. We are hoping that it should be about 
in the range of 80%, which is the great capacity that we need to work 
at from the equipment. 
 
Moderator: 
And there's one more follow-up question from Mr. Sudhar. How you 
are going to capitalise on Conceptia Software Tech? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
I just explained that if that could answer the question. Shikha asked 
the same question, you want the same answer. 
 
Moderator: 
Sure, we'll take the next question from Sujal Agarwal. Sujal, you can 
unmute and go ahead. 
 
Sujal Agarwal: 
Good afternoon. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Good afternoon, Sujal. 
 
Sujal Agarwal: 
Given the current situation about the bulb bar market, it's estimated for 
about 3,000 to 5,000 tons of market size. And our current capacity is 
about 4,000 tons. So what is the strategic rationale behind expanding 
this? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
I'm not sure how you get the number at 3,000 to 5,000 tons that is 
there per se, but we've expanded our capacity. And with the growth of 
both, all the shipyards and the shipping industry as a whole, we see an 
update in the requirement from the naval side, from the projects that 
we have seen. Plus, with our other classification, now we are also 
eligible to supply some grades of bulb bar for Coast Guard and other 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 32 
 
application, which increases our addressable market from the naval 
market per se. And to the ramp up capacity that we've done, we think 
we are quite capable of getting that volume of business. 
 
Sujal Agarwal: 
And is there any possibility of export of bulb bars? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
The Naval grade? No. We are currently not permitted to do the same. 
But for the non-Naval grade, which for the American Bureau of 
Shipping, yes, there is a possibility. We have a few enquiries, but it is 
too small right now for us to be talking about. There is a possibility. 
Yes. Then we can do that for sure. 
 
Sujal Agarwal: 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take question from the chat from Siddharth Mohan. 
He's asking with the trade deals occurring with U.K., USA, India, is 
opening up, its protected government procurement market to foreign 
firms probably in non-sensitive sectors. Reciprocally, Indian firms 
will be able to bid on those shows. Will all this affect Krishna Defence 
in any way? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
No, I don't see that affecting us because each country makes its own 
grade of steel, that is there. And I don't see the U.S. or U.K. importing 
this to us, personally. Also, the same is true, reverse that is there for 
the Naval grade, neither U.K. or U.S. is going to take from us that is 
there. So it's going to be very indigenised or decentralised 
procurement for the bulb bar per se for the Naval grade piece. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Sivam Parak. 
Sivam, you can unmute and go ahead. 
 
Sivam Parak: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My question was, as per the November 
2023 con call, you had mentioned that the ammunition product for the 
Naval gun was at least a two year process for us to get the approvals, 
the field trials, etc. So I wanted to know where are we at this current 
stage? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
There have been some challenges on that. So that's still in design. It's 
under progress, but it's moving slower than what we anticipated. 
 
Sivam Parak: 
Okay. So is it going to get materialised finally in this year or next 
year? 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 32 
 
 
Ankur Shah: 
This year looks unlikely. But we are working on the same. That's what 
I would like to say. Very difficult to talk on that specific by when we'll 
get approval or something around, but that's under progress. There are 
certain supply chain challenges that have to be resolved before you 
can put the foot on the accelerator on that project. 
 
Sivam Parak: 
Okay. Got it. My next question was, like, we had tied up with a start-
up based out of IIT Madras that was Planys, which had developed an 
underwater remotely operated vehicle. So wanted to know whether we 
are clocking any revenues from the same. And like, we had invested 
₹1 crores in this start-up. So if it would be possible for you, what was 
the ownership stake of our company into that? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
I think, Sivamji, I'd like to correct you. The investment from our 
company was worth ₹50 lakh. And if you see, what we have planned 
to do in the next year FY '26 or '27, there was a line mentioned about, 
cutting edge technology for marine services that is there. So that is in 
line to what we have done with Planys for the hull cleaning, for the 
cavitation, for the paint. These are the things that we're working on. So 
we are building products specifically for the Naval market, through 
them and giving it as a service for right now temporarily to do the 
things in place. So that is something that we are working upon. 
 
And how much revenue we have booked through that, I don't have a 
number, but it is not significant. But we will see that building in this 
financial year. FY '25, that number has been too small. 
 
Sivam Parak: 
Okay, so would that increase in the future? Like, can we get a material 
business from that side? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yes, we can. That's the idea. That's the idea and that's the whole logic 
behind partnering with them on this business front. 
 
Sivam Parak: 
Okay. And my another question was, like, we had also invested in 
another company, Techera Engineering India Limited. So, like are we 
thinking of foraying into the aerospace and engineering side as well? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
No, we were only exploring that as well. If you read it, we were 
exploring that. So we have not made any investment on Techera 
company. 
 
Sivam Parak: 
Okay. Like in the annual report of last year, it was mentioned that, 
like, we had invested somewhere around ₹2 crores. 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 32 
 
 
Ankur Shah: 
We had taken an approval to invest, but was not done. We've not made 
any investment. 
 
Sivam Parak: 
Okay. And my another question was like, we were developing a 
product for the Army for combat, which was spherical robot. So we 
had done the prototype for the same. So any update on the same? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So that's not very honestly, we are a development company where we 
do develop products as per the requirement that are there and not 
every product that you develop sees or is fully acceptable by the forces 
that is there. So that is one of the product that has not found 
willingness, large acceptance from the services. I have no shame in 
admitting that, the product, the changes that they've asked for some of 
them are possible. Some of them are going to take too much time. So 
we've dropped that product for now. 
 
Sivam Parak: 
Okay, that was very helpful. And my last question is, like, you had 
mentioned in previous con calls, like the main product that we make 
that is bulb bars. So in that, raw material component was only 20% to 
30%. So, we don't have to consider the volatility of the steel prices 
much into our calculations. So I wanted to know, like, we are entering 
into the hatches and the composite component. So, if it is possible for 
you to provide the details like what would be the raw material 
component? Like, would it be same as the bulb bars or? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Again it's too premature because, it hasn’t reached a level put very 
clear numbers on that. But just to give you a gist, the gross margins in 
that, just because it's all about design and engineering that is it's just 
not the product, just buying the raw material, cutting it and doing it. 
It's just not that. There's a lot of design and engineering that comes 
into which cannot be considered as gross margin. The gross margin 
may look very heavy, but there's a lot of cost going into the design and 
the engineering front that is there. Again, very difficult to put very 
specific numbers on that because the business is still not 100% 
mature. The manufacturing facility and company formation is on 
process, around that is there. So I'm sorry, I may not be able to share 
very specific numbers around that. 
 
Sivam Parak: 
Okay. No issues with that. Thanks for addressing my questions. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you, Sivamji. 
 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 32 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sivam. We'll take a question from the chat line of Raja 
Panda. So he's asking how is the delivery of existing order of weld 
consumables going on? Please comment about the certification 
process of higher grade of weld consumables as mentioned in the 
presentation. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yes. Interesting. Weld, consumer deliveries are going on as per the 
scheduled requirement of the navy. And we've built capacity around 
that because keeping in mind the large requirement that is coming up 
or already started around that. So we are working, that also should be 
in place. So we are on timelines to what we are doing. And for the 
certification, I must tell you for one of the grades that is there, we've 
got almost all the trials are done. All the trials are successful, per se. 
We are waiting final test results from a foreign lab to come through. 
Once they're coming, we'll know which way we are moving forward. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The second question is, this is the first time we are seeing 
the mention of specialised steel section for armoured vehicles in the 
presentation. Is this an extension of our existing products? How large 
is the scope in this segment given that we are indigenising lot of 
armoured vehicles? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
No. I've mentioned about this several times. But defence is not very 
easy that you don't expect a very large order to be given to you on the 
first year that you start making a product, because they want to make 
sure the product is time and type tested that is there. So in the case of 
armoured vehicle product, we gave the armoured steel that had to be 
tested, fabricated. It has to withstand all the conditions around. And 
we are seeing an uptake in that. We are seeing an uptake in that plus 
there's a big uptake in the tank requirement from the army side. So 
that holds very well for us in the future. We see growth coming in 
from that segment because we are also getting enquiries for other 
products within the tank from the same customer. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Dr. Jimmy 
Kagathara. Dr. Jimmy, you can go ahead, please. 
 
Jimmy Kagathara: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, basic question as you mentioned, 
that in April, our capacity has doubled if our new capacity has gone 
live, if I'm not mistaken. So what is the maximum revenue possibility 
of post this CapEx? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
To cover, earlier installed capacity was in the range of about ₹180 
crores to ₹200 crores that is there. And with this new facility, we see 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 32 
 
ourselves at about 350 to 400 in that range per se for the products that 
we are into. 
 
Jimmy Kagathara: 
Okay. So this 330 to 400 is without the additional CapEx, which you 
mentioned of around ₹8 Cr to ₹10 Cr, which we have planned for FY 
'26, or it is including that? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
In Plant, So you have to keep moving forward in terms of automation, 
better efficiency. It’s a routine Capex which you have to do. So that's 
an ongoing process whether you want to add capacity or not. It's just 
not about adding capacity. You also need to become more efficient. 
 
Jimmy Kagathara: 
Got it. And second, one last question that, regarding, in February, we 
had posted an update regarding we had done something around ₹146 
Cr for nine month FY '25. And our final year figure is ₹195 Cr. So it 
implies that our Q4 was a bit soft as compared to past record. So any 
comment on that? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
No. So I would request you to think it from a year-on-year 
perspective. One quarter-and-quarter because our working capital 
cycle is about three to four months' time that is there. To do it exact 
quarter-to-quarter will be very difficult. I appreciate you look at it 
from a year-on-year perspective. Last year, we did about close to ₹100 
Cr in revenue. Today, we are now close to ₹200 Cr in revenue. So I 
would request you to look at. Everyone wants that every year you're 
growing by some percentage points by quarter-on-quarter. Everyone 
wants that. We also want to do that. 
 
But, in fact, it brings a lot of trouble there, because I remember 
clearly, the past few years, we've had a very heavy quarter for 
translating the heavy second half compared to the first half that is 
there. What happens to that, that's very cool. Then at the end of the 
year, when you sit back, I did a so much sales in the month of March 
per se. But, all your resources are so stretched at the at the fag end of 
the year end of the year, in your financial your manpower, your 
testing, your other equipment that is there. That is not sustainable. 
 
The best thing, if you can do a continuous growth across 12 months' 
time, which we put a lot of effort. I might say very simply, keep and 
move equally. But you must see that entire revenue that we did in the 
FY '24, we were able to almost achieve that in both the half years, H1 
and H2 without doing any major capacity expansion, which kicked on 
now. So I want you to look at it from a totality perspective and just not 
a quarter-to-quarter perspective. 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 32 
 
 
Jimmy Kagathara: 
Sure. Thank you for the explanation. So now we can look towards that 
H1, H2 will be of the equal split from the past? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yes. That is something exactly what we are looking at. And it's much 
better helps maintain our resources, clearly, we want to make sure that 
we have equal quarters. Of course, that's a try. It's not our luxury. We 
don't have that, but we want to make sure that we kick it off 
accordingly. That really helps us. The balance sheet goes good. 
Everything seems smoother. It's not skewed towards the end. 
 
Jimmy Kagathara: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Dr. Jimmy. We'll take the next question from the chat line 
of Nikhil Chaudhary. He's asking, could you help us understand at 
what did Waveoptix close this year at, and what potential do we see 
can become a ₹100 crores top line company considering the TAM is 
large? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yes. In FY '25, Waveoptix at about close to ₹9.9 Cr in terms of 
revenue with the profitability about close to PAT about close to ₹90 
lakh. We see definitely, that business growing. And a ₹100 crores, will 
it hit a revenue? Yes. For sure. We expect that in the next three to four 
years that they will be at that number for sure. Because as you rightly 
mentioned, TAM is very large in that. But it takes time to build in 
expertise on the front that we are working at. These radio frequency 
modules, bidirectional modules are not simple modules to be made. 
We've been able to do it. 
 
And we have a good order book in Waveoptix, which we are hopeful 
to execute within this year, which will consistently see the growth 
upwards to reach us to a ₹100 crores target that we are looking at. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There's one more question from Sidhant Gupta. He's 
asking, will margins continue to sustain around the same levels? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
. We are trying to improve from here on, and we are hopeful that it 
will improve, right? We are not thinking about sustain as we are 
thinking of improvement. So I think that will answer the questions, 
Sidhantji. 
 
Moderator: 
So there is just one question on my behalf. If we calculate 30% to 40% 
CAGR from the current base, then we get a range of ₹450 crores to 
₹500 crores revenue within three years from here, which is 2x to 2.5x 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 32 
 
growth from here in three years, which we believe is a strong growth 
in the core company itself. Where do you see your margins at ₹400 
crores to ₹500 crores top line? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Again, Kamleshji I'm not going to put a specific number to that, but 
with each incremental revenue, you will see an uptake in the EBITDA 
levels, which you're already seeing from what we've done from FY '24 
to FY '25. We see that trajectory being maintained. To put an exact 
number might not be easy because that's very pinpoint number, but 
you will see 100, 150, 200 this kind of bit incremental with every 
year-on-year, and that's what we are focusing upon. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Mihir 
Modi. You can unmute and go ahead, please. 
 
Mihir Modi: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is that Ministry of 
Defence has planned to increase warships, which includes Navy and 
Coast Guard in next three to five years. So I want to know that if a 
procurement or tendering has been completed for that, or is it still 
going on? And if it has completed, then how much time it takes to 
reflect it on order book? Is it after getting order or after securing the 
tender? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Mihirji let's understand, let's break up the question into few parts that 
was there. They are looking to increase the fleet as I would call it both 
at the naval side and the coast guard side keeping in mind what's 
happening around us in the world. But it all depends on what the navy 
prioritises first. Whether they're looking at a smaller platform first, 
whether they're looking at a larger platform, they're looking at aircraft 
carrier so on and so forth. 
 
But in any case, the procurement process for the same or the 
requirement process for the same has already begun. And it's nothing 
to do with what happened in the last couple of months, but that was 
always an ongoing activity. With the things that just happened around, 
we see that all of these files will be fast track, which in turn will be 
very good for us, because we'll see a properly better order flow 
coming in, immediately that is there for all the products because all 
the ships would require at least the naval ships would require our bulb 
bars and so on and so forth. 
 
Mihir Modi: 
If you can share how much procurement has been completed and how 
much order book we are expecting from it? 
 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 32 
 
Ankur Shah: 
How much procurement has been means, I'll tell you the plan is to get 
to 175 to 200 ships that's there. And, if I remember correctly, the total 
order book for the shipyards put together is about 2.3 lakh crores, per 
se. So, there is still another thirty, forty odd ships for which 
procurement is yet to take place. But, this will happen once the 
already existing ships that are under making are delivered, right? So 
it's a cyclic thing that'll happen. But that's how I would like to number 
it, Mihirji. 
 
Mihir Modi: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mihir. We'll take the question from the chat, which is from 
Pradeep Nagori. He's saying I'm new to the company. Can you please 
give some details about what is our edge on the product that we are 
selling, and what are we doing to continue to maintain that edge? 
Also, if you can explain brief the production process? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Interesting question. So the product that we are doing, as I explained, 
is bulb bar. This is very unique to naval ships. Not only naval ships, 
but other ships also, but specifically the product that we are doing to 
naval ships. This was being imported from Russia. This has a typical 
profile where the strength to weight ratio was about 3x, and hence it is 
being used. We were one of the first companies to successfully 
indigenise it, because prior to our development, the same was being 
imported from Russia. 
 
We also got a prize from Prime Minister, Modi for our development of 
the product. And since then we've been getting orders from all the 
shipyards for the bulb bars to make them. Bulb bar is not an 
innovation or research or development done by us prior to our 
development. The Indian Navy was using it, and most navies on the 
world use the same. 
 
To add to what we are doing to continue that, one product is 
developed, so it's inducted and the demand for that is coming in. But 
I'd like to add here that, with our engineering skills and the 
development of the hunger that we have, we've been successfully been 
able to develop higher grade steel bulb bars for more critical 
applications, which are higher strength, so which is used apart from 
naval ships per se. So that's been the mode that we've been wanting to 
learn and move ahead on this technology curve that is there. 
 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 32 
 
We've added coast guard and other rules that is there, other 
international approvals, which calls in good and it's very significant of 
the technological role that we are playing in development of the 
product. If that was the answer that you were looking at sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Dhruv Gupta. 
Dhruv, you can unmute and go ahead. 
 
Dhruv Gupta: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know if you're 
looking for opportunities in shipbuilding apart from defence and 
navy? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yeah. Surely. We are looking at opportunities in the shipbuilding, 
apart from the bulb bars, as I mentioned for non-naval or ships, coast 
guard, so on and so forth. And we are doing the weld consumables and 
some of the products that we are working along with them for the 
shipyard. So we are open to that. We are an engineering company. We 
wish to grow our product portfolio. 
 
Dhruv Gupta: 
I'm sorry. Could you repeat that? I couldn't hear. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
We are open, and we are working towards increasing our product 
portfolio for the Naval market. And we are open to working outside of 
the Naval market. We've already done approvals so that we could 
supply to the Coast Guard and other ships, which is in the non-Naval 
grade category. 
 
Dhruv Gupta: 
So do you mean merchant ships and other ships? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yes. 
 
Dhruv Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Dhruv. We'll take the next question from the chat of Mr. 
Himanshu Mittal. He's asking, what will be expected top line revenue 
assuming an 80% or full utilisation of our capacity? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Full utilisation of capacity, though, as I put the number across that is 
there, we are looking about close to ₹350 Cr to ₹400 Cr is either 
installed capacity that is there. So this is the installed capacity, per se. 
So we see a number very close to that that can be done within the 
same setup. You got to keep doing your upgradation, automation, so 
on and so forth. That will keep happening. So it's not a benchmarking. 
 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 26 of 32 
 
Now we'll not invest anymore. When you have a factory, you have to 
keep doing different, you have to keep improving the processes as you 
on a regular basis to improve your productivity and yield also. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There's one question from Smit Doshi. He's asking, what's 
the current order pipeline and win ratio expectation? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
What is the current order pipeline and? 
 
Moderator: 
And win ratio expectation. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Win ratio expectation I can talk about. Win ratio is looking about 
close to 50%. 50% to 60% is our win ratio that we are looking at. And 
the current tenders that we have in pipeline are in the range of tenders 
that we have bidded for are in the range about close to ₹100 Cr, to 
₹130 Cr, if I remember correctly, ₹120 Cr to ₹130 Cr. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Sivam Parak. 
Sivam, you can unmute and go ahead. 
 
Sivam Parak: 
Thank you. Thanks for the opportunity again. The last big order for 
Bukhari that we had received was in 2023, and we had mentioned in 
earlier con calls that Bukhari's have a lifeline of around two years. 
And post that orders would be placed again. So can we expect new 
orders to flow this financial year? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yes. We expect that to happen. But work for the same is in progress, 
not at my end, at the procurement level. So we see some work on that 
happening. 
 
Sivam Parak: 
Okay. Thanks for the update. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There's one question on the chat from Akshay Gupta. Our 
growth is progressing, but I have a question regarding our operating 
cash flow. It has been negative for the last three years. I understand we 
have to invest, but why is our operating cash flow not positive? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yeah. Could you just repeat that? I lost you in between. 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah. So, basically, he's asking that the operating cash flow is 
negative for last three years. He understands that we have to invest in 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 27 of 32 
 
the company, but why the operating cash flow is negative for last three 
years? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
We are maintaining up inventory levels are a little more than what 
generally for the industry is that because the nature of the product, that 
it takes about three to four months' time. But we've been trying to 
work very closely to improve, both the working capital and the cash 
flow in such a way. We brought down the trade receivables, the trade 
payables and the control. So we are working towards that cycle. And 
plus, we are a growing company, so we have to fund the growth that is 
there. So that is something that you will see around, but we are 
working towards improving that also. 
 
Moderator: 
So he has one more question. What is the quantum of increase in 
metal prices you are accounting for 30% to 40% growth assumption? 
How correlated is the price of a product, with HRC steel prices? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So, the basic raw material for the product that we manufacture is, it's a 
steel plate that is there, which is of a special grade of steel. It's a 
special grade of steel, must be bought from only Naval approved 
sources like Steel Authority, so and so forth around. And because 
these are as it is very premium items, I don't see major increase in raw 
material price changing our net effect that is there. 
 
Because our mark-up in terms of the process engineering that happens 
at our factory, the value addition that happens is very, very large that 
is there. So I don't see a minor change in the steel price will affect the 
final delivery price for a customer. And we have two kinds of contract 
built in. Some of them are fixed price contract that have to be 
delivered in about six to 12 months. 
 
And some we have about 24 months, 36 months contract, which are 
built in with price variation clause. So then for the longer term 
contracts, we are covered relatively for any price fluctuation. But for 
the fixed price, once we know we have this kind of order, we 
immediately reserve our raw materials, so we're not affected by the 
fluctuation. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There is one question from Srisanthi M. How do we stand 
to gain from large orders received by Garden Reach Shipbuilders to 
the tune of approximately ₹25,000 crores? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Once they've designed the orders, the tender has opened, and they 
have emerged as the winning bidder, so forth. So once the order is 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 28 of 32 
 
placed on them, they are confident that they will be requiring the bulb 
bars for building the ships, and we stand to gain from the order win of 
GRSE. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There is one more question on the chat from Vipin 
Choudhary. Are you actively pursuing large scale defence contracts or 
engaging with new clients? Additionally, are there ongoing efforts to 
expand your defence product portfolio to tap into the emerging 
opportunities within the sector? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yes. Of course. We are adding more products as I mentioned earlier. 
But I will talk about those once they make sure some of them are 
classified in nature as we move forward. And what is the first part of 
the question? I missed that. 
 
Moderator: 
So he was asking, are you actively pursuing large scale defence 
contract or engaging with new clients? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So, we are doing both. We have large scale contracts. We are pursuing 
contracts which are in our domain or our product area that is there for 
sure. And we are adding on newer clients like we've added heavy 
vehicle factory, for the T-90 tanks as we move forward. So, that's the 
kind of growth that we are looking to do in our company. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. So I think, so there's one question from Pradeep Nagori. 
What percent of revenue comes from bulb bars? How tough, it is for 
doing this product and competition to enter into this product? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
So, I would say as from the last data that is there from the last revenue 
about 60% of the revenues have come from bulb bar. You must 
understand that, the approval process is about a three year process. 
Plus, it takes time for you to complete your DRDO and in Naval 
approvals only post which you will be eligible to supply and be an 
approved vendor for the product. So it's some time taking and lot of 
hard work and technical skill set to be able to accomplish and get that 
approval. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you for your answer. We'll take the next question from the line 
of Kush Nahar. Kush, you can, go ahead, please. 
 
Kush Nahar: 
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity. Just one question. I think we are 
targeting around 30% to 40% CAGR growth. So if I take an FY '25 
days, I think we'll max out our capacities by FY '27, if I take an 
average 35% growth. So then how do we ensure the continuity of 30% 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 29 of 32 
 
to 40% growth post FY '27? Are we planning for more CapEx or new 
products or more product? Like, the product mix will change for a 
higher realisation, or how are we planning that? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Product mix will not change Kush, I know I stressed couple of times 
during this con call that, we are working towards automation toward it 
where we can improve our productivity and yield and efficiency. So 
these are the things that will help us improve within the same capacity 
on how we can improve the throughput. So that's the line that we add, 
it's not an overnight process. It's a journey. It's a 12, 18 months 
process that we will have to do, and we have started work on that. 
 
Kush Nahar: 
All right. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take one question from chat from Abhishek Yadav. 
Out of ₹25,000 crores GRSE order, how much opportunity is for 
Krishna? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
It may not be correct for me to put main numbers on that for now, 
because the order is still in pipeline and not from our side. So I would 
reframe from answering that specifically. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There's one final question from Pradeep Nagori. He's 
asking if you can answer or push what is the second largest order from 
revenue perspective, and how much is that as of percentage? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
The second largest order apart from bulb bar, are we saying? 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah. He's saying apart from bulb bar, which is the biggest product? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
It's the weld consumables for sure. And that value from the FY '25 
revenue is about close to 40 odd percent. That's the number. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the question from Karan Singh. Karan, you can 
unmute and go ahead. 
 
Karan Singh: 
Yeah. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and great set of numbers. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you, Karanji. 
 
Karan Singh: 
Thank you. I actually appreciate the fact that the company is showing 
going, for the defence in general. I wanted to know why are we still in 
dairy industry, right? Because defence is something will grow a lot in 
the future. Why are we still just focusing on dairy industry? 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 30 of 32 
 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Okay. So currently, good question. Interesting per se. We started off 
as an engineering company manufacturing equipment for the milk and 
the dairy industry. So there's a separate factory that does the dairy 
equipment business, and there's a separate factory that has a defence 
business. About 70 people man that factory. The company is running 
in auto mode. It generates profitably for us. So we don't want to spoil 
something which is already in existence. But clearly, the focus is more 
on defence, which you could see from the numbers that 95% of our 
revenue comes from the defence stream. So we don't want to shut 
down something that's actively running. So it's continuing. I literally 
have to give diary a little time on that just to oversee and then MIS 
reports that we see. Apart from that part of the company also is doing 
okay. So we are letting that continue. 
 
Karan Singh: 
Yeah. One more question. Are we planning for some other capacity 
expansion in terms of an area in Gujarat, some other place for future 
CapEx? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
If we plan also for CapEx that is there for our related products, it will 
not be any other part of Gujarat. They'll be adjoining to our factory 
around. So for sure, we don't want to go spread ourselves too thin, per 
se. So we will look at adjoining plot, adjoining line, and that's what we 
have done. And that's what we will continue to do. 
 
Karan Singh: 
Yeah. Makes sense. Thanks a lot. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you, Karanji. Appreciate it. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Karan. We'll take one question from Kartik 
Khandelwal from the chat line. What mode do we have in bulb bars? 
There are other engineering players that do on a much larger scale. So 
what's stopping them to enter in the same as they too can wait for the 
approval periods, and what advantage or uniqueness we have against 
them? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
What's our motives, we've been be able to successfully do the product 
development, meet the technical requirements that required, that is 
enhanced. We have the approval. What stops other players to do? 
Nothing, but at least, nothing can stop them. They have to have the 
hunger and willingness to come forward to do it. And if they are able 
to meet the technical requirements and the requirements that are there, 
so be it, right? So nothing stops them. 
 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 31 of 32 
 
But, let me tell you. So in the last about about 12, 13 years, a few 
companies have tried but none have been successful. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There's a follow-up question from Mr. Sudhar. Sudhar you 
can unmute and go ahead, please. 
 
Sudhar: 
Is there any spot restriction is there for our products, number one? 
And what about this VABO composite joint venture, whether it will 
help in getting export orders for Europe and other countries? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Yeah. So for the current products that we are doing, most of them are 
classified in nature, developed with DRDO, so on and so forth. So not 
permitted to export, per se. But for the VABO, since it's a JV with the 
European company, the whole objective of having a fact 
manufacturing unit outside of Europe is so that we can service, not 
only the Indian naval market, but we can also service Southeast Asia 
and the Middle East market. Europe, they already have their units, so 
we may not get a chance to enter that market because that is for them. 
That's how the understanding is there. But once the manufacturing unit 
operates in India, we will have access to both the Southeast Asia and 
the Middle East market too. 
 
Sudhar: 
So what is the investment or means the stake investment and the 
revenue potential seeing from VABO in next three years? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
The investment as I mentioned on the concall is we are looking at our 
investment about close to million euros that are there, out of which 
50% be funded by us, another 50% be funded by them. In terms of 
revenue potential, we see that as a burst ship about a close to ₹5 
crores, ₹6 crores opportunity, as an addressable market. You can do 
the math. It's about 150 to 200 odd ships, which will progressively 
come up. So that's the addressable market. That's only for the Indian 
naval market. You add to that the Southeast Asia, the Middle East 
market, plus some of the other products that you can do once you're 
successful doing these fire resistant composites. So it's an interesting 
space to get into. 
 
Sudhar: 
Thanks. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you, Sudhar. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the last question from Mayank Kaletti, from the 
chat line. What is the annual time for bulb bars and welding 

Krishna Defence & Allied Industries Limited  
H2 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 32 of 32 
 
consumables, and what is our installed capacity after expansion in 
bulb bars? 
 
Ankur Shah: 
I may not able to give you numbers on tonnage that is there, because 
there are few grades in the weld consumables and also in the bulb bar 
to put in a tonnage. But as I put it in output numbers in terms of 
revenue, we are looking at about close to ₹350 Cr to ₹400 Cr is the 
revenue capacity that's what you're looking at. Addressing market, that 
is there. Again, so I can't reveal those that are there, because as and 
when we have orders from them coming in, but you can take a note 
from the CAGR growth that we have projected. We are very confident 
of being able to achieve the CAGR growth that we have projected. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Right. I think that is the last question for the day. Ankur, I would 
invite you to give your closing comments. And, of course, solve the 
riddle of by when do you see a ₹500 crores top line? That's one 
question everybody wants to know. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Right. Thank you, Vinayji. So we see ourselves getting there with the 
same CAGR rate in the next three to four years that is there. Of 
course, we aim to for, it to be a little faster, but that's what we see. 
That's the internal target that we've set for ourselves to get to that 
revenue number. That's the first goal. But Vinayji the journey does not 
stopped there. We have to look beyond that, and we are wanting to 
even grow beyond that. So this is just probably a pit stop, but the 
finish line is still far, far away for us. So there's just a pit stop at this 
₹500 crores revenue, but we have to cross the pit stop and go forward. 
 
And just as my closing remark that is there, thank you everyone for 
spending in time. I can keep talking. I hope you guys are not bored 
about the way it is there. And the confidence and the trust that all you 
guys have shown into our company that gives us a lot of inspiration 
and motivation to keep working forward and develop new products for 
our services. And Armed Forces has done a fantastic job, and it's a 
privilege to be associated with them and to be able to contribute to 
what they've been doing. So thank you once again. Really appreciate 
everyone giving in the time. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you, Ankur, and thank you to the management team for joining 
on the call. Thank you to all the participants for joining on the call. 
This brings us to end of today's call. Thank you so much. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you very much. Thank you, Vinayji. Thank you, Piyush bhai. 
Thank you, everyone. 
