To 
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
C-1, G-Block, Bandra 
- Kurla Complex 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 540403, Scrip Symbol: CLEDUCATE 
ISIN: INE201M01029 
Sub: Transcript of Investors Earnings Call pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Dear Ma’am/Sir(s), 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in continuation to our disclosures dated May 09, 2025, and May 15, 2025, 
please find enclosed the Transcript of the Earnings call held on May 15, 2025, with the Analysts 
/ 
Investors (public at large). 
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.cleducate.com. 
Kindly take the above details on record. 
Thanking You 
For CL Educate Limited 
Arjun Wadhwa 
Chief Financial Officer 
Place: New Delhi 
Date: May 21, 2025 
© www.cleducate.com 
CL Educate Limited 
@ compliance@cleducate.com 
Registered & Corporate Office 
: A-45, First Floor, 
@ +91-11-41281100/0800 
= +91-11-41281101 
Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi — 110044 
CIN: L74899DL1996PLC425162 
ARJUN 
WADHWA
Digitally signed by 
ARJUN WADHWA 
Date: 2025.05.21 
16:32:40 +05'30'

  
 
 
“CL Educate Limited Q4 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2025 
 
Management: 
Mr. Satya Narayanan R – Chairman, CL Educate Limited 
Mr. Gautam Puri – Vice Chairman & Managing Director, CL Educate Limited 
Mr. Nikhil Mahajan – Executive Director & Group CEO, Enterprise Business, CL Educate Limited 
Mr. Arjun Wadhwa – CFO, CL Educate Limited 
 
 
Earnings Call Link:  CL Earnings Conference Call Q4 FY25 
 
 
 
Results Link: 
 
   Consolidated Results – Q4 FY25 
 
 
   Standalone Results – Q4 FY25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investor Presentation: CL Investor Presentation Q4 FY25

  
 
CL Educate Limited: Earnings Conference Call – Q4 FY2025 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to, CL Educate's Q4 FY25 analyst call. My 
name is Arjun Wadhwa, and I'm the CFO of CL Educate, and I'll be your host today. Welcome once again to our 
metaverse platform called VOSMOS, which we have been using for now, almost 40-42 odd months for our analyst 
call. This call as always will be recorded, transcribed, made available in the investor zone on our website within the 
next twenty-four to forty eight hours. Should you have any questions, I'd request you to just jot them down on the 
bottom right-hand corner of your screen on the chat window, and we'll take them up towards the end of the session. 
Joining me on today's conference call is Mr. Satya Narayanan. He's the Founder and Chairman of CL Educate. Mr. 
Gautam Puri, Co-Founder, Vice Chairman and Managing Director. Gautam takes direct reporting of the EdTech 
business, including the test prep business. And Mr. Nikhil Mahajan, our CEO and Executive Director, anchors the 
MarTech business in addition to being the Executive Director for finance. 
I'd like to start by inviting Satya to give a quick overview of our recently concluded DEX acquisition before handing 
over to Nikhil and Gautam, for finance and business updates. Satya, over to you, please.  
Satya Narayanan R: Thank you, Arjun. 
Good afternoon, everybody. I'm happy to share with you about the completion of the NSEIT (DEXIT Global Ltd.) 
acquisition that has been underway over the past three quarters. And here are a couple of broad observations or updates 
that I would like to give to you. Effective twentieth February, NSEIT, has become an integral part of CL Educate 
group. Congratulations to all of you. As you are aware, but those of you who might have missed it, the purchase price 
was Rs.231.8 crores. And two very important things, to mention, in the same breath is that we acquired this company 
by taking a debt of Rs.200 crores, which is a six-year debt. 
And effective 01st Jan 2025, we have begun the servicing of the debt, as per the details given here. And, the repayment 
of, loan and interest, those process have already begun. But the wonderful thing is that we could do the entire 
transaction without affecting too much of our internal, financial, challenges without getting into any of that. And one 
of the things that we are looking forward to is, to put the plan in place to become a zero debt company again in thirty 
six months. Some necessary steps have been initiated already, and this will be the first full quarter of NSEIT with us. 
For instance, the name change, etc, has been done. We have a one-year runway to, transition from an NSEIT to DEXIT 
completely. We have added imminent members on the board, which I covered last time. We've already created a board 
subcommittee under the chairmanship of Mr. Yatrik Vin to help us look at both strategic investments as well as an IPO 
road map in a twenty four to thirty six month period. And the other accompanying important thing also, you will hear 
more about it, in the business discussion, is that, we had to take a couple of important calls, including the debt one. 
The other important call that we had to take as a business was to ensure that there is no apparent or there is no conflict 
of interest between the test prep practice and the assessments practice. And in order to do that, we have, discontinued 
a couple of lines of our businesses over the past three to four months. And, the details of which you will hear when, 
Nikhil and Gautam Puri (GP) talk about it in the in the finance as well as in the test-prep part. And, the summary of 
it, if you look at it, here, looks like this. 
So, it is a 200-crore business doing an EBITDA of about 16%, and there is a scope to make it better as we move along. 
And DEXIT, as we are calling it, or NSEIT, comes from a very, very strong business mode coming out of its technology 
backbone, the distribution network for assessment centers, and we are the only player in the country who can do on 
demand assessments at scale, and that forms almost two thirds of our business. The entire leadership team is continuing 
with us. It is energized, and it is looking at achieving important landmarks over the next two to three years. 

  
 
And we are working towards making DEX, being able to play in the entire large dam of almost nine crore individuals 
who undertake some assessment or the other in the country in India every year. So that's the large dam that we're 
talking about. And if we execute some of these very well, including synergies that it can build with, CL, the corporate 
synergies that it can build with Kestone. We believe that, DEXIT can become a very important player in the nation's 
digital public assessments infrastructure. That's the summary of DEXIT. 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Satya. I'll now request Nikhil to step in.  
Nikhil Mahajan: Good afternoon, everybody, and thanks, Arjun, for this. 
I just want to spend a couple of minutes before doing a deep dive into the numbers. As you know, Satya articulated, 
this is the first quarter when, there is certain portion of DEX which is getting consolidated with our existing two lines 
of business, which is the EdTech business and the MarTech business. So going forward, we'll have three lines of 
businesses, DEX, EdTech, and MarTech. And as Satya articulated, at the conclusion or in the preparation to the 
conclusion and consummation of the DEXIT, acquisition, we had to take certain decisions in discontinuing certain 
product lines and product categories from our test prep business to avoid any potential seeming conflict of interest, in 
certain areas where test prep used to operate, specifically, JEE and NEET, which is a 50 lakh plus students appearing 
across the country, and the Bank SSC selection recruitment exams, which is roughly around one crore plus people. 
These are two large, market opportunities, which, had some footprint, used to do some businesses, but in order to 
ensure non conflict potential conflict of interest in the future, CL decided to take a onetime, action of discontinuation 
of these product lines, which resulted in a loss of Rs.9.3 crores during the current year, because, as we were 
approaching the consummation of the transaction, we already, in a subtle manner, chose to stop enrollment, of the new 
and academic enrollment season. However, the expenses towards the delivery of the already enrolled students, 
continued and will also continue for certain couple of quarters in the current year. So this was a one one-time hit of 
Rs.9.3 crores, which is which is appearing as a, one time exceptional discontinued operations line item. In addition to 
this, there were significant amount of expenses which we incurred towards closing this transaction, including costs 
associated with legal and other, transaction related costs. And the acquisition related expenses of Rs.4.2 crores as per 
IndAS cannot be amortized, and they, have been accounted for as an exceptional item appearing in the P&L for this 
quarter. 
In addition, we had to book additional incremental interest for about eight to ten weeks still pending the closure of the 
transaction, transfer of shares, and the payment of consideration. And this increased expense of Rs.2.7 crores also 
added to the impact on the bottom line without any commensurate business income or business profitability accruing 
to us. But these are all one-time exceptional line items, which have been accounted for as per accounting standards, 
and we expect that going forward, it's going to be business as usual. And none of these line items will get replicated, 
in the future.  
Now coming to the specific financials, as stated earlier, the DEX transaction concluded on February 20. So as per 
IndAS, only about forty days of revenue and profitability actually accrued to us, which amounted to a revenue of about 
Rs.30 crores. So if you were to just include a stub period, our revenues have grown about 11% from Rs.332 Cr to 
Rs.368 Cr. But if you were to look at, continuing proforma basis, we would have probably seen Rs.332 crore going to 
Rs.544 crore accounting for the full year's revenue. Similarly, at the EBITDA level, against the last year EBITDA of 
Rs.37.9 Cr, the proforma EBITDA, is about Rs.63.4 Cr, while for the stub period, for the forty day, this is about 
Rs.32.6 Cr and has, some of these regular items relating to DEX also included besides, the exceptional items which 
are not accounted here. 
We have seen an extremely good positive revenue growth in the MarTech platform monetization and the publishing 
business. However, we had seen, test-prep being negatively impacted not just due to a discontinued business, but also 
due to, what I will call re-flickering in the test prep market. More details of which will be covered by Gautam in the 

  
 
EdTech update. Earlier, we were anticipating the DEX transaction to get closed somewhere in November-December 
2024, and we were hoping to be able to get three, four months of revenue stub period revenue accounting to us, but, 
it took much longer than anticipated, and, we only got about forty days. As I've already shared, the discontinued 
operations for product lines of engineering, medical, Bank SSC, and CA, which are large examination markets, from 
NTA and from DEXIT market opportunity potential. 
Other items I've already covered in the previous slide including acquisition related expenses as well as, interest cost, 
which was incurred, because the loan disbursement happened earlier, and the actual closure of the transaction took 
about six to eight weeks longer than we had originally planned. Now getting into more specific details, let me first 
jump into the MarTech business. MarTech business last year grew by about 22% in terms of revenue from about 
Rs.123 crores to about Rs.150 crores, of which, international revenue was about Rs.43.5 crores, in FY25 as compared 
to Rs.32 crores the year before, indicating a roughly a 35% revenue growth. India revenue increased from about Rs.90 
crores to Rs.106 crores, indicating roughly a 16-17% growth rate. As I've been sharing for the previous investor calls, 
last two to four quarters, we have seen, our margins slightly impacted, largely by environmental factors where our 
customers have been asking for more stricter pricing, as a result of which our margins have been negatively impacted, 
and delivery cost have also slightly marginally increased across geographies. 
However, as we see, we are also working towards reengineering our supply side, to be able to optimize on the cost of 
delivery as well as be able to extract a slightly better pricing from our customers to be able to minimize the impact of 
margins. The new client acquisition has been gaining extremely positive traction, over the last twelve to eighteen 
months. We have added 12 new customers in various verticals, and we expect that over the next four to eight quarters, 
not only will the revenue contribution from these new accounts increase significantly, but the newer accounts itself 
will increase significantly. Another critical thing is which we are working is to significantly expand our international 
delivery capability by enhancing our team sizes, and of across all three international geographies as Singapore, 
Indonesia, and The US. And now I think we, have adequate resource base to scale up to a level, significantly greater 
than what has been achieved, and we expect that the existing growth momentum in those markets will continue. I'll 
hand it over to Gautam to cover the EdTech portion. 
Gautam Puri: Thank you, Nikhil. 
If you look at the last one year, the compared to the previous year when we had done about Rs.200 Cr of the revenue, 
we are down to about Rs.189.5 Cr. Decline of about 7%, and this has obviously resulted in the EBITDA also coming 
down, from Rs.22 Cr to a Rs.15.6 Cr. As I mentioned in the last investor call also, there's a period when test prep is, 
witnessing a structural churn. The student habits are changing, and in the last few years, what we have seen is there's 
been a greater shift towards self prep. And then when I say self prep, self prep is a omnibus term which we use or 
which students use for large range of preparation process. 
To put it very simply, anything which is outside the classroom, if I'm not attending a regular classroom program, 
whether offline or online, by and large, it is counted as self prep. So it could be as simple as, let's say, just, purchasing 
study materials or purchasing a book from GKP, or it could be purchasing a book, doing some, couple of online 
programs for different segments. And, in addition, doing test series also by and large. So that's the kind of range we 
have. And the last two, three years, we have seen this to be a very much stronger thing when, students who are good 
in the academics typically tend to go towards self prep, because they think they can go to their own. 
And the students who are not so good at the bottom of the, ladder, I would say, many of them don't want to spend too 
much money. And, which is resulting in if you look at the MBA part, while we have been able to hold on to the market 
share, the billing has come down. This has come down because, essentially, students who are earlier taking a full-
fledged program, are now shifting more towards either taking smaller products, which are low value products 
comparatively or cheaper products or not taking anything. However, when it's still not taking anything, please check 

  
 
that with the pictures on a large number of serious students. They will definitely take a test series while there'll be a 
significant population who will not take anything, but a test series kind of product is something that you always take. 
And here also we find a difference in the behavior of the product. While in India, this trend is much more stronger 
strongly pronounced of is pronounced strongly when strong start moving towards self preparation and looking at 
saving money in terms of preparation. We don't see that in a similar strong way when it comes to the school products, 
which is Law, BBA, IPM. And the only reason can be that, where the parents are involved, parents are paying, there 
you find them to be wanting to be sure and not wanting to take chance with this with the careers of their children. 
When it comes to CUET, I would say CUET has not lived up to expectations. When CUET came, we were very gung-
ho about it. We felt this could make a difference. But, unfortunately, due to multiple reasons, it has not emerged as a 
serious product segment. 
And, you would have seen that even in newspapers because every year we find glitches in terms of the way it is, 
conducted. And which mean that the students and the parents are not confident of CUET as such and intend to hedge 
their bets. And, in any case, for many places, not Delhi University, but for many colleges, private colleges especially, 
CUET is only one of the many ways of getting into the college. And, hence, students look at multiple options. 
Secondly, the way the paper has been structured, which mean it is a board plus kind of a thing, means very clearly the 
focus will be more on the boards part or the academics or school part, and the plus part, which is the aptitude, is only 
an afterthought. So, till the time there's some serious rethinking in the NTA and the associated circles about the 
structure of the program, while it will stay there, I don't see it becoming a major product segment, at least not for us. 
So for in the coaching segment. Maybe in the tuition part, it might be, but not a major segment. As far as law is 
concerned, the billing numbers, again, we have been able to hold on to it, similar numbers. 
But the but the segment which seems to be growing is the BBA IPM segment. This is a segment where we are talking 
about, all five year management programs at the undergraduate level. And most of these five year programs are 
structured in a way, that the student after three years can opt out or continue with it. This is a program which seems to 
be going faster than the others, and to me, it is absolutely logical. Because, it's a very, very niche area. 
Management is a much more broader area, and it is essentially building on BBA. At this point of time, the BBA IPM 
or the IPM, or if I say the five year MBA programs, are not, bigger than law. But I think that this is a segment which 
will go faster. The interesting thing is the older IIMs, IIM-Indore started it, Kozhikode has joined, while A,B,C,L have 
still not come onto the bandwagon. But Shillong has started Kozhikode has started a four year program. And this is a 
segment which will do good. And, this is a segment in which we should be able to do much better than the others 
purely because of the management background that we have with respect to the examination. However, when I look 
at the overall scenario with respect to test-prep, I would say this is a churn which is likely to cut you for at least another 
one year, maybe a year and a half. And then we will have to go through this cycle, and, essentially look at ensuring 
that our numbers don't fall while the revenue is something that we will be, obviously, trying to grow. 
But my focus would be to ensure that the numbers grow, more than anything else. And, while I talk about the initiatives 
in a minute, when it comes to the Platform Monetization, we help institutes and colleges reach out to students. We act 
as a bridge between these students and the various MBA, Law, BBA, IPM, and engineering institutes. This is a segment 
which has been growing. We have been able to do a good job of it, and not only has the revenue gone up here, even 
the margins are good out here. Publishing has an improvement in terms of margin. But in terms of numbers, in terms 
of revenue, we are by and large flat, as far as publishing is concerned. 
Now with respect to this test-prep issue a certain step that we have taken. In this scenario where the market is looking 
at cost of price or saying that maybe that's something that I need, we have launched something which is called Attend 
From Anywhere (AFA). We have started this process. We did this experiment about three months ago, and it seems to 
be very, very promising. And we are looking at expanding it to others. 

  
 
Very briefly, what is Attend From Anywhere? Typically, a student attends either online program or offline program, 
which means goes to a physical Career Launcher center and goes for the program, attends classes at the center. Or 
goes online attends the Career Launcher program, completely online. Now this is a program where we are saying, 
especially in the metros, that many times students find it difficult to travel. Many times students have their college 
exams, school exam, etc. And, hence, for a two hour class, they would not want to travel for another two to three 
hours. So what we are doing is we are beaming the live class of the session, and the student has the flexibility of either 
attending the sessions or the class from the center or in case of, in case the student cannot attend it from the center, he 
or she can attend the same session online because the live class is being beemed. Which ensures that the student does 
not lose out and also, also ensures that, from a student's perspective, the school or the college requirements are also 
taken care of. 
To take care of the self-prep issue, which is becoming a very, very important segment. We launched a self prep 
platform. I think I talked about it last time, but I would just like to highlight it again. Self-prep platform for MBA, 
which is called Open CAT. Here, by and large, a student can do all the self-prep by himself/ herself. And, also, there 
are opportunities for them to enroll for specific segments. For example, the student will prepare here, but wants to 
have a test series. They have an opportunity to enroll for Career Launcher test series. They think they're not good in 
one particular section, one particular domain, they can enroll only for that. So we have those self prep programs. So 
while the base is available to the student, if they want any value added service, that is something that they will have 
to pay for and enroll for it. 
We are also looking at developing our own platform for adaptive testing because we think going forward, adaptive 
testing is likely to happen. NMAT, in fact, used to do it. It was a not a very strong product, but nevertheless, it is 
something which is likely to happen. And even if adaptive testing does not happen, it is still required, I would say, for 
us for the simple reason that adaptive testing will help the students prepare better. So we'll be able to serve the student 
the right level of questions. 
So if I'm weak in a particular area, I will be able to give the student the right level of questions so that, incrementally, 
they can keep going up. And similarly, a strong student, student is good in a particular domain will get correspondingly 
high level of difficulty questions. So while, adaptive testing is not there in Indian exams as I said, by and large, except 
NMAT does it in a small way. This is still a very important component from my point of view as far as the preparation 
is concerned. 
One other thing that we have been looking is what Satya also talked about that there are synergies between test-prep 
and DEX, and we are working together to bring out, a few program that can be delivered on DEX platform. And there 
are couple of the initiatives that we are taking when the CL program will be available on DEX platform itself. So that's 
broadly what we are looking at. 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thank you so much, GP. I'll take you through the next segment, which is a little bit of an overview 
of the DEX business. As Satya mentioned, we picked up this business on 20th Feb. So from a reflection on our 
financials, it is from a forty day perspective. But, obviously, we're looking at it from a long term perspective, and, we 
thought though we've done an investor call for each of you where we've covered DEX in detail, it's always useful for 
new investors and for people who are logging in for the first time to get a little bit of an understanding of this business. 
DEX has been in the assessment business now for the better part of twenty plus years and is currently the number two 
player in this market space behind TCS iON. The organization has built a network of 237 company managed centers 
and has an, elastic network across schools, colleges, which allows it to deliver exams, as Satya mentioned, across all 
780 districts of India. This is delivered through a thousand plus members field force, which works this platform, and, 
this includes both full time and part time employees. From an operational standpoint, we have a truly world class 
technology infrastructure to deliver these exams, including our own operating system, which includes six copyrights 
and two patents. We also, you know, have the experience of having delivered one lakh plus, concurrent students, taking 

  
 
an exam in a single session as well as having delivered 73 lakh students across a single examination, when we did the 
railway police recruitment in 2019. 
As Satya mentioned earlier, the ability of DEX is to also deliver on demand exams anytime, anywhere, as well as 
doing event based exams, which could be of the nature of an RRB or an SSC and so on and so forth. Just to give you 
a little bit of an overview into, you know, the nature of work done, 55 million plus, examinations have been delivered 
over the last twenty years, by, DEX. And, the exams listed on the top half of the page are predominantly those, that 
are delivered to the company managed locations, which are largely on demand exams. In the DEX lingo, we call this 
our core business, and the exams on the bottom half of your screen are largely the event based exams, which happen 
through a mix of, the of the company locations and a huge number of the elastic locations. The ones on the bottom 
half of the page could be delivered over one day, over one week, over one month, depending on the nature of the exam. 
In terms of, vintage, you'll notice that IRDAI is one of our oldest and largest clients. More than 20 million exams 
delivered for them over a seventeen year period, whereas UIDAI, NISM, IIBF, all nine year plus. So, you know, in 
terms of regulators and other market bodies that the DEX team has worked with, it's a fantastic set of customers who 
have been serviced over a long period of time. Moving ahead into, you know, the business updates for this year 
specifically, the business has been largely flat, moving from a Rs.199 crores to Rs.205 crores from a revenue 
perspective, and the operating EBITDA has been, has dipped marginally from Rs.39 crores to about Rs.34-35 crores. 
This is largely on account of the transition that happened over this time period where as per the mandate of the 
organization, it was to continue business as usual, not go after any major new accounts, and to largely stick with 
managing the show as it was during the transition period. 
As Satya mentioned earlier, our acquisition also got delayed from an earlier envisage period of November to actually 
getting consummated in February. And, obviously, that uncertainty percolated down into the business teams in terms 
of delivery and so on. In terms of the core business itself, the growth has been, very solid. This business has grown 
about 16% over the previous year. This is pretty much our on-demand annuity business, which continues, to grow year 
on year on an incremental basis from the existing set of clients that are exclusively managed by DEX. This business 
accounts for more than hundred crores of the top line. In terms of, what, didn't work out as well as we had hoped this 
year, the NTA specific business had dipped, a little bit after the NEET exam, paper leak, which resulted in a 
postponement of a whole set of other exams, that would have flowed through NTA. And NTA also introduced certain 
structural changes in terms of the way exams need to be managed and delivered going forward, which resulted in us 
in an increase in the operational delivery costs of actually running those exams and managing those centers which 
delivered those exams. We'd also hope that over the course of the year, the AYUSH and DRDO exams would come 
our way in FY25, but, both of those have got postponed to the next financial year. Happy to share that the AYUSH 
order is now with us, and the work is underway in terms of, delivering and servicing that. DRDO, we hope, will happen 
later on this year. In terms of client additions, we had shared again in our investor call through a case study about the 
addition of ICAI, as a client. Happy to share that, we had mentioned at that time that we were expecting about a 75 
crore business from this over the next three years. The first year has indeed delivered in excess of 25 crores, and we 
hope to add to this over the years ahead.  
In terms of specific initiatives that, CL as a group and and the DEX team, are focusing on, to grow this business, some 
of the, some of the specific areas we will focus on, Gautam spoke about it in in his slides also, is to look for more 
synergies in the entities and introduce more projects that will be able to ensure that, you know, there's not a linear 
growth from DEX's addition to our portfolio, that it's not one plus one equal to two, but we'll be able to derive synergies 
both from a revenue growth perspective in terms of product lines and also from a cost perspective in terms of 
leveraging the 200 plus, CL study centers that we have across India and 130 odd study centers that DEX has across 
the country. 
We also spoke about the breadth of segments that DEX currently, caters to. Again, in our session, we had covered that 
there are seven opportunities in the assessment space, and currently, DEX only caters to maybe two, two and a half of 

  
 
those. We're happy to share that already during the stub period and the month that has followed, we've been able to 
expand this into new areas, including adding university semester exams and private university entrance exams to the 
DEX revenue stream. A couple of wins that we've had in this space is the addition of IIM Bangalore as a marquee 
client for university semester exams and the GITAM Group of Institutes for private university entrances. Other 
initiatives that we will be focusing on over FY26 includes, significant captive capacity enhancement, looking to build 
capacity to be able to cater to larger exams like, JEE, NEET when it goes online, Bank SSC that Nikhil spoke about 
earlier, areas that we have discontinued from our test prep product lines. But, you know, exams that will require 
significant captive capacity at distinct locations, as per the new NTA guidelines to be able to participate in the RFPs 
for these exams. So we'll share more details about, the OPEX costs and so on related with our capacity enhancements, 
but we're looking to add 25,000 seats of captive capacity over the next 18 to 24 months. That's it from us in terms of 
a brief overview of all our businesses and how they've shaped up over the course of this year. We'll now throw the 
floor open to your questions and , you know, take them up over the next fifteen minutes or so.  
There's a question from one of our, usual candidates about, DEX, one of our regular investors. Sameer has asked, how 
is Q1 FY26 shaping up for DEX, and is the revenue distributed across the four quarters, or is there some amount of 
seasonality involved? Yes, Sameer. As you rightly guessed, there is some seasonality involved in the DEX business. 
That depends on two factors. For the exams, which are of a core nature, which are, on demand, it tends to be pretty 
uniform over the course of the year. But for exams which are event based, which are, you know, conducted over a 
month or over a week, the revenue then tends to also be classified, relevant to the quarter in which the exam is 
delivered. There are portions which are milestone driven payments, and the revenue accrues accordingly as well. But, 
largely, that would then, reflect in those relevant quarters and would not be even across the four quarters. If I were to 
take last year as an example, Q1 and Q4 tend to be a little bit lower, and Q2 and Q3 tend to be a little bit higher for 
DEX, in terms of the way revenue tends to be spaced out.  
There's a question from Hemant Shah, again, one of our regular investors, asking about why the cost of the DEX 
acquisition has increased, from the 230 that we had initially said, 230 plus 75, and, why is it reflecting higher than 
that on our balance sheet? Hemant, we had mentioned this in our last investor call also. And just to clarify, one of the 
reasons why the acquisition got delayed from November to, February was on account of, certain cash that had been, 
left behind on the formerly NSEIT limited, balance sheet as a result of their sale of the digital business, to Investcorp. 
Just to take two steps back for people who, are joining in for the first time, NSE, the exchange has a subsidiary called 
NSE Investments Limited, and then that has a subsidiary called NSEIT Limited. NSEIT Limited used to run two lines 
of business, digital and digital examinations. We have bought the company which, housed the digital examination 
business. The digital business was sold by NSE Investments to a company called Investcorp. The cash from that sale 
was about Rs.800 crores, of which Rs.600 odd crores they were able to upstream, immediately, and about a Rs.180 
odd crores of that cash was left on the balance sheet, which could not be upstream because of insufficient reserves 
being present on the books of NSEIT Limited. To be able to upstream that at a later point in time, certain redeemable 
preference shares, stood on the books of the company, which we have acquired, for a deferred consideration, which is 
the cash amount that has been left on the balance sheet. So it's a little complicated, and I'd be happy to explain it to 
you on a call separately. 
But, just to cut a long story short, our acquisition cost is Rs.230 crores. There is no additional cost that will go out 
from CL Educate on account of, the transaction. The Rs.180 crores of cash that they've left behind will go back to 
them, as a deferred consideration for the RPS that they had left behind.  
Again, one of our regular investors, Aditya Deorah, is asking what is the plan to reduce the debt? Do you wish to pay 
it organically, or are you looking at some fundraising options in the pipeline? 
Aditya, as Satya mentioned right at the start, you know, we would, ideally like to, go back to being a zero debt company 
in a period of three years, and we will look to reduce the debt, over this time period as fast as we can. We will look at 
a couple of specific ways to do that, including, potentially a strategic, stake sale from DEX and an IPO, also in the 

  
 
future. And, of course, over and above that, any internal accruals that we can use to retire the debt earlier, both from 
generated from DEX or from, the CL business, we will obviously leverage that as well. And any land assets that we 
have currently on our books, which we can, potentially liquidate over the next two to three years, will also be used 
strategically to reduce the debt over a period of time. Satya, anything you'd like to add to that? 
Satya Narayanan R: I'm okay, Arjun. I think that's good enough.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thank you. There are questions about, our guidance for the future for the first quarter and the full 
year. Again for people who've been with us for a while know that we don't give a specific guidance, outlook for, you 
know, each business line and for the company as a whole. But, as, Gautam mentioned specific to the test prep business, 
it  is going through a little bit of churn, and it has been, a bit of a challenging period for that. On the MarTech side, 
Nikhil mentioned that the revenue has grown 22%, and we will continue to look to expand on that and, try and improve 
margins significantly over the quarters ahead. And from the DEX business perspective, from next year onwards, the 
entire amount will come to us as Nikhil has showed you from a proforma perspective. And, obviously, we will look 
to leverage both our management expertise and, look at new opportunities which would help grow that business 
significantly over the months and quarters ahead. 
There's a specific question from Sameer on, the additional Rs.75 crores that is to be paid against achievement of 
specific, business related goals that we had mentioned at the time of the DEX acquisition. 
Sameer, a formal process to that effect will be carried out now that our financials are closed, to evaluate that. But from 
a  first glance perspective on the numbers, we can share with you that we're not envisaging, any additional payout, 
from, CL for the DEX acquisition. But in terms of a formal process, we will go through, doing that and completing 
that process over the next quarter, next quarter and a half.  
Gautam, there's a question on the EdTech business and, how we expect it to move over the coming quarters, given the 
strategic the churn that you spoke about. Could you throw a little bit more light on that, GP? 
Gautam Puri: As I said that, as far as MBA is concerned, by and large, I would look at a greater focus onto the self-
prep products, quite a few of which we have launched the last couple of years, and test series. And that to me is going 
to be the defining market from our point of view. Classroom, as I said, we have tried to do a value add by giving 
students the flexibility of attending the sessions both from home or from anywhere else for that matter and, the 
classroom. Because we believe that in such a market, it will be also helpful to give flexibility or to add value to the 
product, so that you can, at least charge higher or at least charge the same amount if not higher.  
As far as the other products are concerned, Law, BBA IPM is the one which is likely to grow, and, two reasons for 
that. One, the base is small at this point of time. So as more and more students become aware of it, rather than going 
for MBA after graduation, after 12 becomes a much better option because the competition is much lower at this stage. 
Secondly, with today, there are about seven or eight IIMs which are offering this program, which is also adding to the 
attraction of this particular product. In addition to this, we have relaunched CSAT, this being the first year of the 
relaunch. 
We had stopped doing it if I correctly remember around 2017-18. 2015, the paper became from a compulsory paper 
to a, qualifying paper, which meant you needed only one third or 33% marks, which meant that the market completely 
vanished. And in the last few years, especially 2021 onwards, the paper has become fairly difficult, and the market 
seems to be reviving for the product. So that is another thing we are looking at. So going forward, I would say is that 
by and large, as far as the graduate program, which is MBA and the civils are concerned, the focus will be primarily 
on numbers and on the self-prep programs. As far as the school programs are concerned, we will continue with the 
same rigour as far as the classroom programs are concerned because as I said there, the parent is the by and large the 
decision maker, and does not want to take chances. While we think that we have been seeing in the last couple of years 
is both for law and IPM that the market, fortunately, it seems to be shifting more towards the longer program or two 

  
 
year program, which is for what we would be required for the student also because the one year program, because of 
the board exams in between, does not give students sufficient time to prepare. So that's by and large going to be the 
plan going forward, at least for the next one, one and a half years.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, GP. There's a question from Rahul Bhansali on, how many new test centers we plan to open 
going forward, and what is the road map for the next couple of years? 
Gautam Puri: The number of test centers is a function of the product range that we have. For the last couple of years, 
we are looking at in season test centers because of CUET, because CUET as a product, which is a 15 lakh market, had 
the potential to go to smaller towns and villages. With CUET not picking up as expected due to the structural issue 
with CUET as such, that number has been scaled down significantly. In the last one year, I think we added we added 
about 20 odd new centers. And going forward, it's going to be similar until unless we are able to get, the product, 
which is going to cater two tier- three tier cities also. So going forward, I'll say about 15-20 new centers on an annual 
basis what we can safely assume with the current product range.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thank you, GP. I don't see any more questions from our participants, so I'll take this opportunity to 
thank everyone who logged in. 
Thank you so much for participating in this analyst call. We look forward to catching up with you, when we do our 
next analyst call at the end of Q1. Thank you all once again, and, have a good weekend ahead.  
Satya Narayanan R: Thank you. 
 
 
For more information regarding CL Educate you can visit our corporate website: 
Annual Report | Financial Statements | Quarterly Results | Telegram Channel 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Amit Kanabar 
Sr. Manager – Finance & Strategy  
 CL Educate Limited 
Tel: +91 11 4128 1100 
Email: amit.kanabar@careerlauncher.com 
