                      
 
 
AX1/ISD/STEX/20/2025-26  
                                                     Date: 30th April, 2025 
 
 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Ltd., 
P.J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
The Vice President 
 Listing Department,  
 National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
 Exchange Plaza,  
 Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532525                              NSE Scrip Code: MAHABANK                      
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Institutional Investors / Analysts held 
on 25th April, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of conference call with Institutional 
Investors/ Analysts regarding Financial Results of Bank for the quarter and year ended 
31.03.2025 held on Friday, 25th April, 2025. 
 
The transcript of conference call is uploaded on Bank’s website and same can be accessed 
through below link:  
https://www.bankofmaharashtra.in/financial_results  
  
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
 
(Nehal Rawat) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
प्रधान कार्ाालर् / Head Office: “Lokmangal”, 1501, Shivajinagar, Pune - 411005 
टेली /Tel.: 020 25511360 ईमेल / Email: investor_services@mahabank.co.in वेबसाइट/ Website: www.bankofmaharashtra.in 
NEHAL 
RAWAT
Digitally signed 
by NEHAL RAWAT 
Date: 2025.04.30 
18:56:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Bank of Maharashtra  
Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NIDHU SAXENA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
– 
BANK 
OF 
MAHARASHTRA  
 
 
MR. ASHEESH PANDEY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –BANK 
OF MAHARASHTRA 
 
                                    MR. ROHIT RISHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – BANK OF 
MAHARASHTRA  
 
 
MR. VIJAY SRIVASTAVA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– BANK OF MAHARASHTRA 
 
 
MR. DINKAR SANKPAL – GENERAL MANAGER – BANK 
OF MAHARASHTRA 
 
 
MR. AMIT SHARMA – GENERAL MANAGER – BANK OF 
MAHARASHTRA 
 

 
Bank of Maharashtra Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bank of Maharashtra Q4 and FY2025 Earnings 
Conference Call. We have with us from the management, Shri. Nidhu Saxena, Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer; Shri. Asheesh Pandey, Executive Director; Shri. Rohit 
Rishi, Executive Director and all general managers of the bank. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Shri Nidhu Saxena. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Good afternoon and thank you for joining this con call. I'm very happy to share that we have 
ended yet another financial year very successfully where we've been able to showcase and 
maintain consistent growth across all parameters, whether it is business growth parameters, asset 
quality, profitability, capital adequacy, efficiency ratios and so on. I will quickly share the 
highlights of it with you. 
 
The total business has grown by 15.30% year-on-year and has reached INR5,47,000 crore. Total 
deposits increased by 13.44% to INR3,07,000 crore. Advances increased by 17.76% to 
INR2,40,000 crore. NPA has declined in the bank to 1.74%. Net NPA also reduced to 0.18%. 
PCR is maintained at 98.3%. Our operating profit has grown by 14% to INR2,520 crore for this 
quarter and for the full year it is 16% year-on-year growth. Net profit has increased by 36% and 
has reached to INR5,520 crore for the full year. 
 
In this challenging environment where some lenders have been experiencing or at least claiming 
that they would be witnessing some NIM contraction immediately, we have been able to 
maintain our NIMs which witnessed a year-on-year improvement of 8 bps. The full year NIM 
stands at 4% now. For quarter-on-quarter, we have improved our NIM by 4 bps and maintain a 
high NIM of 4.01% for Q4 as well. 
 
The ROA stands at a healthy 1.75%, which is a 25 bps increase over the last year. The CET1 
capital adequacy is healthy and is around 16%. CRAR is at healthy 20.53%, LCR stands at 
127%. Our Government of India holding has reduced during the last financial year where we 
have done a successful capital raise and the same has been brought down to 79.6%. My other 
cost-to-income has come down again, 22 bps year-on-year and stands at 38.5%. Yield on 
advances has improved year-on-year by 16 basis points and stands at 9.3%. 
 
It has been a good year for the bank in terms of recovery and we have achieved the number of 
recoveries that we had planned for the bank. Our write-off recovery performance has also been 
fairly good. With regards to the segment-wise growth, the RAM segment has seen a healthy 
growth. Within the RAM, retail grew by 25% year-on-year. Segment-wise, home loan also grew 
30%. In our other focus products, car loan grew by 47%. Gold year-on-year grew by 56%.  

 
Bank of Maharashtra Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Corporate advances too we are present wherever we are getting good income earning 
opportunities. We are maintaining a RAM corporate ratio of 62.38% for March '25. Corporate 
book also grew year-on-year by 15%. Stress in the loan book has been managed well. We have 
seen improvement here as well. Overall stress number of the bank witnessed a reduction of 129 
bps from 4.71 to 3.42 for March '25. Stress in accounts above INR5 crore have been standing at 
0.11. SMA-1 plus 2 is at mere 2%.  
Lot of strategies were put in place in the beginning of the year, which have actually helped the 
sustainable growth of bank business. We have also seen that the core business coming from the 
branches, the retail sustainable portion of business have also grown. We have seen that the 
dependence on pool buyouts and direct assignment transactions have also been kept under 
control and for strategic reasons only, we have gone ahead and entered into these transactions, 
so despite a de-growth in pool transactions, we have seen 18% growth in advances and the 
satisfactory part of this growth is that the sustainable, the core portion of the business has grown 
in the bank.  
We have been one distinct bank who have been opening branches. Over the last 3 years, we have 
opened around 500 plus branches which has helped the bank to have its presence across the 
major districts of the country. Going forward, we have approval from the Board to open 1,000 
branches in 5 years at the rate of 200 to 220 in the next 12 months. We are also taking help of 
an external expert to formulate a revised strategy if needed in terms of branch expansion which 
is going to happen in the bank going forward. 
 
We have also been approved of a GIFT City license for opening a IBU at GIFT City, 
Gandhinagar and the project is moving at a fast pace and this enabler will open new opportunities 
for the bank, which will be help us give more benefits to the bank and also our clients for some 
of their existing needs to fulfil which they were actually approaching some other banks.  
This GIFT City IBU will also ensure our global presence and this will become a reality within 
this financial year. All the IT, HR and other segment requirements have been assessed. Steps 
have been taken to see that these are being made available so that the project gets on track as 
soon as possible.  
While we are growing our business, we have also been very mindful of the assurance function, 
the governance, managing risk of different natures, including technology risk, and lately, we 
have been on boarding talents, wherever the internal skill sets were not available. We have gone 
for these domain expert recruitments to strengthen the technology structure, to strengthen the 
risk in the governance structure in the bank. There is a strong understanding that if the bank is 
to grow in a sustainable manner, the risk governance and assurance functions need to be 
strengthened which have been very consciously done, and we have on boarded a lot of senior 
level skill sets in the bank to help support the bank in growth and sustain this growth in times to 
come. 
 
I think I will take a pause here and take your questions. You are most welcome to ask us anything 
on some other critical numbers or any other questions. Thank you. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Hi sir. I have two questions. First, in the growth that you mentioned, you also said that you have 
strengthened the assurance function. I wanted to check this growth, is this 100% delivered by 
branches or do you have some tie up with the DSA or loan originator or is this growth entirely 
done by the branches itself? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
I did mention about it. Let me further elaborate. As I said, we have 500-plus branches and the 
new business that is coming into the bank, is mostly from my existing set of branches and these 
new branches, which have been identified to be opened in potential growth centres. They are 
contributing in a significant manner to the bank's business. 
 
The focus in the last full year, in fact, for the last 3 quarters, the way we are reviewing our zones, 
the field functionaries, it was amply clear that the bulk components of business are handled by 
the head office, corporate office centrally, but the zones in the field are ensuring that each of 
their branches are functioning at their optimum level and getting both the assets and the liability 
business that is available in the periphery or in the geography of the new branch or the existing 
branch that is opened. With that clear focus given to our feel functionaries in the review, I will 
share a small data with you, which will indicate that how the business that has been growing in 
the bank has been more from the branches, which is the core and the sustainable one. Taking, 
for example, our NBFC relationships and the pool buyout and direct assignment transactions. In 
the previous years, we have been experiencing some year-on-year growth in this contribution 
coming from the tie-ups with the NBFC, whether through pool or direct assignment transactions. 
 
FY '25 has been the first year where there has been de-growth in pool buyer transaction by minus 
7%. Despite this, the advance, the credit has grown by almost 18% in the bank. That strategy 
has worked and the branches have been given a lot of enablers from head office to help them 
source new business. As regards to your question on DSA, we are very conscious and 
considering about the quality of the loan book that is going to get created. 
 
We are mindful of the quality and the underwriting benchmark standards. In fact, in the last year, 
we have strengthened our underwriting standards and have said that below a point of, say, credit 
score for an individual segmented borrower, there is no underwriting permitted in the entire 
bank. While that was a tough call, we had seen that the right enablers gone from head office, the 
growth has not decreased.  
We are growing and maintained the growth and this growth rate has only improved, but the 
satisfactory part of it is that the growth and the quality of loan growth has been insured with the 
stricter underwriting standard. To answer in one line, there are no aggressive DSAs and 
acquisition strategies. It is my own core branches where we have complete control and asset 
quality is of supreme importance. I don't mind achieving a level of business in, say, one or two 
more quarters, if I take, but there is definitely, no compromise on the asset quality at any point 
of time. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sir, what is the outstanding of this pool buyout, which has declined just to get a sense out of 
your INR2.36 lakh crore loan book, how much is the outstanding pool buyout? 
Amit Sharma: 
As of 31st March, pool outstanding is INR12,998 crore as against INR14,045 crore, on 31st 
March '24. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Secondly, sir, on your benchmark, what would be the share of loan linked to EBLR, MCLR, 
fixed rate and other benchmarks? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
From my loan book, 37% portfolio is linked to EBLR and 57%-odd is what is linked to MCLR. 
You would see a distinctive factor that there has been two rate cuts. I'm not operating out of the 
system. I also would be affected going forward. I'm sure the impact is going to be felt by us, but 
the way we have managed our business mix, and there has not been the full quarter impact for 
the large rate cut that we have seen, but if you see that NIM in our case, actually, for the last 
three quarters, the number was 3.97%, 3.98%, 3.99%, and we have crossed to 4.01% for Q4. We 
have always been mindful of not only the quality, but also of the pricing aspect. The top line 
growth has been very consciously driven in the bank to see how it is impacting my bottom line.  
` 
We were seeing that in some of the businesses there is no contribution to the bottom line, even 
sometimes due to competition where we are we are required to give some concessions, are we 
able to keep that relationship profitable by taking some ancillary business from the same set of 
borrowers. If those were not happening, some segments we have not taken exposure or exited. 
Like, for example, we have a Board approved product where at T-bill rate we could have built 
some portfolio, but we decided that whatever exposure we had, that T-bill rate products today 
as of March '25, the exposure is not there. It is zero. That's how we have been driving business 
consciously that not only top line, but bottom line as well and also how each and every ratio is 
maintained in the bank quarter-on-quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ashok Ajmera with Ajcon Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Thank you for giving this opportunity. Compliments to you, Nidhu sir, Asheesh sir, Rohit sir 
and, Amit sir, for the fantastic results quarter after quarter and year after year now for last 2, 3 
years, 4 years. If you look, on all the parameters you have performed well. I mean, the CASA 
which went down to 49.28% in December, which used to be always above 50% has again been 
brought up to 53.28%. In this scenario, I think you may be the only bank who is having this kind 
of CASA. Even on the credit front, and I mean, on all the parameters, the result is fantastic, 
compliments to you for that. 
 
Having said that sir, I have got a couple of observations and some questions. Since we have 
noticed that the growth at the end of the year is good, whether it is a deposit or advances, but the 
major growth has come in this quarter. That is the January, March quarter. If you look at the 
advances, of course, it was very small in the first 9 months. Even in the deposit also, only 3.5% 
in 9 months and 10% down this quarter only, similarly in the credit also. 
 
If you look at further breakdown, the savings deposit have gone up only in this quarter itself by 
14.78%, and the current account has also gone up 31%. Is this kind of growth which has come 

 
Bank of Maharashtra Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
Page 6 of 11 
 
only in this January-March quarter is sustainable? Number one. Number two, is it going to be 
the pattern for the next year also that you are a little bit down in first and second quarter and then 
you pick up in the third and fourth quarter?  
What are your comments on that? Since it is something, which is very, very unusual that in 1 
quarter only, you have grown so fast and whether it is going to be sustained. This is my first 
question, sir? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Thank you Ajmera Ji for noting the performance in the bank and the consistency in the 
performance. As regards our feeling regarding the growth is happening only or majorly in the 
last quarter is not something very unusual in terms that you will see that Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, in the 
entire industry, if you look at the data at the industry level or even at the individual bank level, 
you will see that the Q4 is the highest performing quarter for any bank for any matter. 
 
Now there have been some macro events we all have known about. Maybe if it's the Maharashtra 
state elections or elections in some states, and as we have robust kind of relationships at the 
government and the institutional business that we are commanding in Maharashtra, outside 
Maharashtra and many states. With these kind of macro events beyond the control, you would 
have also read that wherever we have relationships, it was a news item that the state had released 
500 GRs in the last 3 days of the financial year. Out of that 500 GRs, 300 GRs on the last day 
only, because that's how the election activity had delayed the disbursement of funds. These kind 
of events do have an unusual impact. This is something more than unusual. Every year, you will 
not find elections happening. This is one-off kind of an event but let me tell you, when we are 
reviewing our branches and zones, as I mentioned earlier, the focus is entirely on the core 
business that the zone and its set of 60, 65 branches are going to generate for the bank. 
 
As regards to the institutional business, my vertical heads in corporate office, in central office 
sit and plan for that kind of business. Our focus is 100% on the core and which is a sustainable 
business, number one. Our focus is also on the average business because when we are reviewing 
the second part, critical in our review mechanism, review format of our field is that what the 
average business is. It is not the terminal business basis which we are only reviewing and ending. 
It is the average business. If it is the advances, the average advances in that quarter, 90 days 
because concept given to the field is very clear if you are doing business for the last 1 week or 
the last terminal date, it does not advance or will not need to have the bottom line contribution. 
If we are 90 days earning interest only for 7 days, for 3 days, that doesn't add to my bottom line, 
but if you see that even the bottom line parameters have been correspondingly maintained. 
 
I think it is not true to us that it is majorly only in the last quarter that things are there. If I quote 
the numbers, my average advance has been growing at the rate of 18%. My average deposit in 
the bank has been growing at the rate of 14%. If you see the terminal number, the terminal 
number and the average number is the same. In average advances, we are always excluding the 
quarter end numbers and when we are calculating this figure.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, one question is a little observation on the restructuring of the standard advance, which has 
gone up by, I think, INR439 crore only in the corporate book. Can you throw some light on this, 
that INR439 crore in the corporate book, which has gone to the restructuring of the standard 

 
Bank of Maharashtra Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
Page 7 of 11 
 
advance. What is the nature of this? Is it one or two accounts or it's a multiple number of 
accounts? 
Dinkar Sankpal: 
For two accounts it is only DCCO extension. Nothing alarming there. Only because of DCCO 
extension in two accounts, that number has gone out. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
In two accounts? 
Vijay Srivastava: 
Yes, only two accounts. 
Dinkar Sankpal: 
One is the PSU and another is state government accounts. 
Vijay Srivastava: 
Both are infra projects. Due to land issues, the DCCO got extended. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, on the capital raise, you have got the approval of INR7,500 crore for the QIP and INR10,000 
crore for the long-term bonds. What is the plan, sir, there, as this rate of the stock, which in spite 
of the good result today has also not yet responded, which I feel would do? Would you be 
comfortable immediately coming in this quarter, this April, June quarter for the QIP or a part of 
it? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
When we begin our financial year, we make our assessment of the capital requirements for the 
full financial year. This is a process being the beginning year of Board meeting, along with 
results, we have moved this paper, but there is a process which will follow after this. We have 
to go to shareholders, AGM and then government and get the approval.  
Once the approval is done, our process is complete. We will then take a call what mode will be 
used and at what opportune time. That call will be taken during the course of the year. One of 
the motivation with us is that since we are currently at 79.6% of Government of India holding, 
the SEBI requirement of 75% is not a difficult milestone to be achieved. We will definitely be 
looking at the right time, right mode and taking our decision during the year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pinaki Banerjee with AUM Capital Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Congrats for the good set of numbers sir. Just a couple of questions. Regarding your loan 
portfolio, the maximum exposure is towards the infrastructure sector. Can you segregate what 
type of companies this exposure is regarding infrastructure, what is the types of companies, the 
loan book is? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Overall, if you see my business mix and the guidance that we had kept for ourselves, it was to 
maintain RAM corporate share of 60-40 and plus minus 2%. Along with all other parameters, 
we have actually achieved or surpassed our guidance that we kept for the full year last year, 
including this when we closed our year at 62-38. The important part is wherever we are seeing 
the opportunities emerging, we will definitely participate and opportunities, which are profitable 
for the bank. 
 
Adding to my top end and also my bottom line, so in the sectors where we are seeing traction, 
whether it is road HAM model, whether it is renewable energy, whether it is LRD. We have 

 
Bank of Maharashtra Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
Page 8 of 11 
 
been bullish on these kind of areas and we have been taking our considered calls in participating 
in new opportunities that are coming.  
Amit Sharma: 
To be very specific, our additional exposure has come mainly in renewables or in HAM sector 
these are the same sectors. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay. My last question is now in the falling interest rate scenario, sir, actually, you are expecting 
a fall in your NIMs, net interest margin. On a conservative basis, how much are you expecting 
to report like from current 4%? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
If you see that my entire last year, we have been indicating our guidance for NIM. Quarter-on-
Quarter, we have been performing beyond and against my NIM guidance of around 3.75% to 
3.85%. We have closed the full year with 4% and the Q4 at 4.01%. While I have outperformed 
my guidance, I am mindful that there have been two rate cuts. My 37% of loan book is priced to 
repo interest rate loans and where I have to pass on the benefit immediately.  
During the year, yes, we had occasions where we had reviewed our MCLR. Around 30 bps of 
MCLR was increased in various buckets during the year and repricing in some of those assets is 
also happening now, still 1 or 2 more quarters to have that reset date reaching for those accounts. 
Going forward though, looking at the accommodative stance given by RBI, I'm not operating 
out of the system.  
We are again going to keep a conservative guidance for NIM for the next year at 3.75%. If we 
see aggressive rate cuts, maybe like other banks, we may be also taking a conscious call to 
review the guidance. As of now, after achieving 4% and maintaining this level of 3.95% to 4% 
for the past four quarters, around 3.75% is the guidance I'm keeping for myself for the next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Darshil Jhaveri with Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Sir, just when we talked about NIMs right now, any kind of guidance you want to give on what 
our advances and deposit growth would be? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
For advances, we are keeping a guidance at around 17%. For deposits, we are keeping around 
14%. When we talk of deposits, our focus always comes to the low-cost part of it. CASA will 
be maintained above 50%. That's the conservative guidance I've kept for myself, and we will try 
to keep performing beyond that. Those will be the efforts, but this is the guidance for the numbers 
you asked. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Any sort of guidance on ROA, GNPA, credit cost, that would be really helpful, sir. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
ROA, we have achieved 1.75% for the full year. My guidance for ROA is 1.75%, which we 
would like to maintain for the next year. GNPA has again seen a reduction, and has come down 
to 1.74%, but guidance is to maintain it below 2% and the credit cost to maintain below 1%. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Sir, I just wanted to know with our expansion in branches that we are planning. How do 
we see cost to income going forward? We said that we are hiring also a bit more talent. What do 
we see in the Opex side for us? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
If you see the cost to income for this financial year, it is 38.5%, which again, when we compare 
and look at peers and other banks in the industry, including the private banks, is the best in the 
industry in this parameter along with some other 20 parameters that we compare ourselves with 
every quarter. My cost to income has reduced by 22 bps year-on-year. Yes, with the new branch 
opening, this opex is bound to increase, but what I have seen that with the new incremental 
business revenues that we are generating we are also able to find some traction in the income 
contributing element of it. We have kept our cost-to-income, under control despite aggressive 
branch opening of 500 branches in the last 3 years, and the incremental revenue is actually 
helping us sustain the cost to income within limits. The guidance, again for cost to income is to 
maintain it below 40%. Currently, I'm at 38.5%, which is again below 40% and I perceive this 
as among the best in the industry. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
One last question on my end, sir. On the ground, like how are we seeing the demand right now? 
I think people are expecting a good monsoon and there has been tax cut by the government, but 
are the sentiment like good on ground? How is it going? What's the reports that you are seeing? 
I know you're guiding for a good growth, but how do we see the economy panning out? Is there 
a possibility of some stress coming or just how do we see in general? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
I think India has a growth story despite tariff concerns coming lately, and the world markets 
getting impacted in a particular way. We also keep hearing that maybe in the long run, all these 
disruptions may benefit India in the long run. Definitely, some of the entities have changed the 
growth estimates for the country, but still, there is no doubt that the country remains one of the 
fastest-growing emerging economies.  
With the economy in the country growing, we are directly linked. Banks are directly linked. I 
don't see any major challenge as such. Yes, there are disruptions that are happening, but there 
are a lot of data points around how the GST collections have surged in the country year-on-year. 
It has grown 9.9%. For the month of March '25, the GST collections is INR1.96 lakh crore. All 
these data points also indicate that the growth is happening. We are also continuously engaged 
in analysing, which sectors to grow, where the opportunities are coming and how to see that we 
are present there. 
 
As a strategy, when we target new sectors, high-quality borrowers, there is a realization that our 
turnaround time in deciding on the proposals that will come in the corporate credit sector makes 
some difference and bring some value. Being a lean midsized bank, we are very conscious and 
are able to move on high-quality, high-rated customers. With our improved TAT, not only are 
we successfully able to on-board, but command a better pricing through our goods and fast 
service to them as well. 
 

 
Bank of Maharashtra Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ashok Ajmera with Ajcon Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, just a couple of remaining observations and questions. Firstly there is one in the auditor's 
emphasis note #4, it says that because of the inadequacy of the independent directors, some 
regulation were invoked and the results have been taken directly to the Board. Since when has 
this situation been there, where you don't have the full strength of the independent directors and 
what is happening on this? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
With regards to the independent directors, this is not anything unique to us. Since the government 
is engaged in providing independent directors to all the PSU entities, so the entire BFSI space is 
impacted. Since December, we are awaiting the outcome for two of our independent directors. I 
would not like to comment on that part.  
This again, as I said, is not unique to the bank. We have definitely not allowed any business to 
get hampered in any way, but this is a transition phase. There is no serious concern or any matter 
of discussion as well. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Anyway, things are there in place, they are just to safeguard the interest. Just wanted to mention 
that your profit would have been higher by INR348 crore, had there not have been any change 
by RBI in the classification and valuation of the investment. That is another reserve, which is 
already being built up. It has got to the AFS reserve. INR348 crore, which otherwise would have 
come to P&L. This is all plus point. 
 
Another plus point about which I'm talking about and I asked you. Sir, you have continuously 
maintained a COVID provision of INR1,200 crore as buffer. How long do you plan to keep it? 
Especially in this quarter and the year ending when you had to provide a little more for NPA, 
almost about INR47 crore, INR48 crore or INR50 crore more provision and overall provision is, 
as compared to the last quarter of INR840 crore, it is INR983 crore. Could you not have used at 
least some portion of that reserve and would have given further decent profit, which directly 
impacts the stock? 
Vijay Srivastava: 
I will give you the answer to that investment AFS gain. Deliberately, we have not written about 
that gain, but since we are expecting that RBI will come with the cut and it has happened. We 
were expecting that there will be good profit, further appreciation, at the time we can encash 
that. You can see that though we got the benefit in capital, AFS is a gain, it will be part of capital. 
At the opportune time, we will convert into the trading profit. However, having said that, it is 
the strengthening our yield also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Shri. Nidhu Saxena for 
closing comments. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Yes, I have nothing more to add. I think broadly, it is all covered. Most of my performance, the 
highlight would be that it is consistent. For more than 3 years now, quarter-on-quarter, you 
would not have seen spike in any of the parameters, which should give any kind of discomfort 
to investors. We have consistently maintained quarter-on-quarter improvement.  

 
Bank of Maharashtra Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Given this opportunity, we have also in today's Board recommended a dividend of 15% and of 
course, this proposal has to be approved by the AGM. That's one more addition I would like to 
share. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Bank of Maharashtra, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
********************* 
