 
Praj Industries Limited  
Regd. Office: ‘Praj Tower’, 274 & 275/2, Bhumkar Chowk, Hinjewadi Road, Hinjewadi, Pune 411057. Ph.: +91-20-71802000 / 22941000 
f: +91-20-22941299   e: info@praj.net  w: www.praj.net 
  
                                CIN: L27101PN1985PLC038031 
 
Date: 6th May, 2025 
Ref.: PIL/ANB/L-18/2025-26 
 
Company Code – PRAJIND 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Security Code No.: 522205 
 
BSE Ltd.  
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 25th Floor,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Analysts’ Call held on 30th April, 2025. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of Analysts’ Call of Praj Industries Ltd. held on       
30th April, 2025 regarding Audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) 
for the fourth quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2025. 
 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.praj.net.  
 
This information is given pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR PRAJ INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
ANANT BAVARE 
COMPANY SECRETARY &  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(M. NO. 21405) 
 
Encl.: as above 
ANANT 
NARAYAN 
BAVARE
Digitally signed by ANANT NARAYAN BAVARE 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=411046, l=Pune, 
st=Maharashtra, street=S NO 22/1 KAMALA CITY 
CO HOUCING SOCIETY, 
2.5.4.20=61c9e87ef0d6d5e80f8dbfabc0229d3ae28
8ced6642b16c064597d35131452d9, 
serialNumber=dc49d94115511b586de51ea82f0ee
a102ad4354fd731e5b716931b63e912c3f1, 
email=anantbavare@praj.net, cn=ANANT 
NARAYAN BAVARE 
Date: 2025.05.06 16:47:10 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 25 
Praj Industries Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
April 30, 2025  
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Praj Industries Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nupur Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma’am. 
Nupur Jainkunia: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Nupur 
Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Praj Industries 
Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the 
company's Earnings Call for the 4th Quarter and Financial Year ended 2025.  
 
Before we begin, a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's 
earnings conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements 
are subject to risk and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief, as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
 
Now, I would like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today's Earnings 
Call and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Shishir Joshipura, CEO 
and Managing Director and Mr. Sachin Raole – CFO and Director of Resources. 
 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Sachin Raole to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
 

 
Page 2 of 25 
Sachin Raole: 
Thank you, Nupur. Good day, everyone. I welcome you to Praj Industries’ earning call for 
Quarter 4 and Financial Year '25.  Trust all of you had the opportunity to go through our results 
for the Quarter Ended 31st March '25. 
 
I would like to start today with two key developments: 
1. 
India has officially achieved 20% ethanol blending much ahead of the schedule. Praj 
is proud to have been a key catalyst in this historic shift towards synergy, self-reliance 
and sustainability.  
2. 
In another significant development, Praj has partnered with Uhde Inventa-Fischer, 
UIF, a subsidiary of Thyssenkrupp Uhde to offer end-to-end solutions for PLA 
production. UIF is a specialist in polymer technologies. The offering will cover all 
stages from feedstock conversion to polymer production. Praj will take care of 
feedstock to lactide through a fermentation route and UIF will be responsible for 
polymerization. Praj will also do the entire engineering and building of the entire 
plant for PLA. 
 
Now coming to the business performance: 
Our results for the quarter are reflective of the developments taking place globally in the 
bioeconomy and energy transition space. This year has been a year of transition, shaped by 
several external factors such as the changing phase of energy policy across the globe, 
availability of liquidity, emergence of new sectors and increased focus on carbon abatement.  
 
We have mentioned in past that Praj business is a string made up of pearls represented by 
several business units. The business construct for the year is reflective of this fact as we saw 
significant contribution from CBG, services and international business.  
 
On the domestic bioenergy business front, India has achieved its EBP 20 target way ahead of 
the schedule. This augurs very well for the future policy initiatives to expand the share of 
bioenergy in the overall energy mix of the country. We are fully geared up to serve any 
emerging needs from the enhanced blending mandates.  
 
Our technology team is focused on enhancing margins for our customers by developing co-
products and plant yield improvement solutions. We have commercialized technologies for the 
production of Distillers corn oil, rice protein, high protein DDGS etc., which are gaining 
increasing traction from the existing ethanol producers. These co-products will significantly 
alter the financial viability of bioenergy projects. These patented technologies will significantly 
differentiate Praj in the market and create unique sustainable competitive advantage.  

 
Page 3 of 25 
 
On the project execution front, we are still witnessing liquidity challenges for financial closure 
of projects. Funding agencies have become more stringent on the approval processes, which is 
leading to extension of average execution cycles by almost 12 months.  
 
On international bioenergy front, there is a strong buildup of inquiry pipeline mainly from 
America, Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay. To cater to this potential, we have strengthened our 
presence in Americas by adding local resources.  
The much awaited 45Z draft notification has been issued and is likely to be enacted by October 
2025. This will create significant pipeline for low carbon ethanol opportunity in the market of 
America.  
 
During this quarter, we won a significant contract from a customer in Paraguay to set up an 
ethanol plant based on starchy feedstock.  
 
On CBG front, we have signed an agreement with an industry leader in South India to set up a 
CBG project of 36 tons per day capacity, the project to be one of the largest single location 
facilities in India.  
 
Earlier this month, we have signed a term sheet with BPCL for developing 10 CBG projects 
under the joint venture. The next step is going to be regulatory approvals and formation of a 
formal JV. In parallel, we will be working with the feedstock owners to develop the projects 
under this arrangement. We have started discussing Bio-bitumen module addition with our 
CBG customers. Since it can significantly improve the viability of the CBG plants, we are 
witnessing increasing traction in this segment. We have a healthy build-up of enquiries that are 
expected to translate into firm business as we move forward.  
 
Our services business has witnessed healthy growth in order book and revenue from both 
domestic as well as international markets. Our order book for Financial Year '25 has doubled 
as compared to last year. There is increasing traction for solutions such as biogenic CO2 
capture, fermentation process management and operations and maintenance services.  
 
Moving on to the engineering business: 
Praj GenX commenced operations at its Mangalore facility in March 2024. During the Financial 
Year '25, the Mangalore facility was audited and approved by eight key customers. Three 
customers have already signed a long-term framework agreement for the supply of goods and 
services. For the financial year ended 31st March '25, the reported profit before tax 
incorporates scale-up-related expenditure totaling to almost Rs. 76 crores in the consolidated 
profit and loss account. With requisite client approvals now secured, GenX is geared up to 
contribute to group revenue and PBT from FY '25-'26.  

 
Page 4 of 25 
 
Our brewery business is witnessing some early momentum after a long pause. After a period 
of three years, first Greenfield plant has been announced and we have received this order.  
 
On PHS front, we continue to grow in newly identified segments of high-capacity fermenters, 
complex injectables, and blood plasma. Storage batteries, EVs, solar cells, and semiconductors 
are new business avenues for Praj’s activity. And we are seeing healthy buildup of inquiry 
pipeline from these segments. Overall, we see a positive development for all our business lines, 
and we continue to remain confident and committed to our long-term goal.  
 
On 28th March '25, a fire incident occurred at the office block of Praj Matrix, our R&D center in 
Pune. Fortunately, there were no casualties or injuries, and the facility did not sustain any 
major damage. There has been no impact on any of our R&D operations. We are now in the 
process of refurbishment of fire-impacted office block area, which is expected to be ready in 
two months' time. 
 
On the financial performance, the consolidated income from operations stood at Rs. 8 billion 
in Quarter 4 of Financial Year '25 as compared to Rs. 10 billion in Quarter 4 of FY '24. PBT for 
the quarter stood at Rs. 582.51 million as compared to Rs. 1 billion in the corresponding period 
of the last year.  
 
Profit after tax stood at Rs. 398.169 million in Q4 of FY '25 as compared to Rs. 919.36 million in 
Q4 of FY '24. There has been improvement in margin and of course the margin has to be 
considered after considering the cost of material and direct expenses by almost 2.3% over 
quarter 3 of FY '25.  
 
As I mentioned earlier, fire at office block at R&D center temporarily disrupted the activities at 
the R&D center for two weeks and there is no financial loss since the facility is under insurance 
cover.  
 
For the full year ended March 31, 2025, income from operations stood at Rs. 32,280 million 
and as against Rs. 34,662.78 million. PBT stood at Rs. 2,703 million in FY '25 as against Rs. 3,774 
million in FY '24. PAT for '25 came in at Rs. 2,189 million as against Rs. 2,833 million in FY '24.  
 
Export revenue accounted for 24% for FY '25 as against 18% of FY '24. Of the total revenue, 
70% is from bioenergy, 20% from engineering and 10% is from PHS business. The order intake 
during the quarter was Rs. 10,320 million with 61% from the domestic market. Of the total 
order intake, 70% came from bioenergy, 21% from engineering and balance 9% from PHS 
business.  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Sorry to stop you. There is some disturbance from your line. Can I 
reconnect it?  

 
Page 5 of 25 
Sachin Raole: 
Please do that.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, please be patient and hold the line. We will reconnect the management. 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for patiently waiting. We have the management back with 
us. Over to you, sir.  
Sachin Raole: 
May I know where the call got disturbed? Any idea?  
Moderator: 
Just last two, three sentences which you were saying. 
Sachin Raole: 
Okay. Maybe I will start from the export revenues because that’s where I believe you called me 
up and said that there is a disturbance. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir.  
Sachin Raole: 
Export revenues accounted for 24% for FY '25. Of the total revenue, 70% is from bioenergy, 
20% from engineering and 10% from PHS business. The order intake during the quarter was Rs. 
10,320 million with 61% from domestic market. Of the total order intake, 70% came from 
bioenergy, 21% from engineering and balance 9% from PHS business.  
 
The order backlog, as of March 2025, is at Rs. 42,930 million, comprising 63% of domestic order, 
with 77% from bioenergy and 18% from engineering and balance 5% from PHS business.  
 
Cash in hand as on 31st March 2025 is Rs. 6 billion.  
 
The Board of Directors proposed a final dividend of Rs. 6 per equity share at the rate of 300% 
of the face value of Rs. 2 per equity share for the financial year ended 31st March '25, which is 
subject to the approval of shareholders at the forthcoming AGM. 
 
Some other developments in the Board meeting of yesterday. Considering the emerging 
growth horizon for company’s business areas, the Board of Directors requested Dr. Pramod 
Chaudhari to accept the role of Executive Chairmanship for the next five years, which Dr. 
Chaudhari graciously consented to. Accordingly, the Board has approved the appointment of 
Dr. Pramod Chaudhari as Founder, Chairman, and Group Mentor in the Executive Director 
category for a period of five years with effects from 1st of July 2025. 
 
The board has also approved the appointment of Mr. Parth Chaudhari, son of Dr. Pramod Parth 
Chaudhari, as Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director with effect from next AGM.  
 
With this, I will conclude my remarks. Thank you all for joining. And we would now be happy 
to discuss any questions, comments or suggestions you may have.  

 
Page 6 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touch-tone telephone. If you wish to 
withdraw yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. We have our first question from the line of 
Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. And thanks for the opportunity. My question is, sir, can you please 
help us dissect the other expenses?  
Sachin Raole: 
I am again losing you.  
Mohit Kumar: 
I will try once again and I will go back in the queue, sir. Can you please help us dissect other 
expenses? They are sequentially and Y-o-Y look much higher.  
Sachin Raole: 
Okay. So, when I mentioned about the improvement in the margin for the quarter of 2.3% is 
after considering the cost of material and the other expenses. Our other expenses have a major 
component of site expenses which are meant for putting up of a project at the customer site.  
 
In this quarter, the site activity was on the higher side, especially because we are now 
constructing the CBG plants, which has major components on the site activity as compared to 
the materials which are involved in the normal equipment business. That's the reason this 
other expenditure, which you are seeing right now, is on the higher side. As compared to that, 
cost of material is lower. And that's why this margin is looking in a very different way.  
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. My second question is on the, what is the outlook on order inflow from 
ethanol, the domestic sector? Is it fair to assume that a substantial growth in the new order 
inflow will be contingent on the government increasing the target?  
Sachin Raole: 
You are basically asking only for domestic ethanol business, right?  
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, domestic. Domestic only, sir.  
Sachin Raole: 
Yes. Domestic, okay. So, as I mentioned in the opening remarks that the EBP 20 program has 
almost reached to its finality. So, technically, the capacity which is required is either already 
built up or already committed for EBP 20. But there are different avenues which are emerging 
after EBP 20 program such as in the form of flexi-fuel vehicles or vehicles which can run only 
on the 100% ethanol or the blending with diesel which is also going to come up in the near 
future. So, all these developments are going to create demand for ethanol in the domestic 
segment.  

 
Page 7 of 25 
 
One more avenue which will come up for demand for ethanol is on the SAF side which will start 
building up over a period of time and which will need ethanol as a feedstock. So, there is a 
possibility of different avenues which will come up for ethanol demand in the near future. 
 
Shishir, would you like to add?  
Shishir Joshipura: 
Yes. To add to what Sachin said, there are two, three other drivers that we see clearly emerging. 
One, the existing producers are now looking for solutions to enhance their operating margins. 
And therefore, two or three steps that Sachin also briefly mentioned in each one, the co-
product development that we are now offering to our customers, for the same input that they 
are now already doing for production of ethanol, they will now be able to garner higher 
revenue because they will be able to develop a separate co-product. Now, what is that co-
product? Whether it is rice protein, whether it is high protein DDGS, whether it is corn oil, 
whether it is CBG, it depends on the overall scheme and the location of the project. So, one big 
dimension will be this.  
The second is as the plants have started to operate and people have learned and stabilized 
their plants, it very clearly this being a process plant means opportunities for debottlenecking 
the plant and which leads to then an enhanced recovery of or enhance output or you can also 
look at lowering the cost by improving efficiency. There are different steps that one could take. 
That also we see now emerging and we are regrouping that as a very special offering from our 
end to help our customers debottleneck their plants to either higher outputs or to lower cost 
of operation. That's the second one.  
 
And the third opportunity that is likely to come, which Sachin mentioned, about the 
opportunity from SAF. One opportunity will be for setting up the SAF project, but for SAF 
projects to work, we need carbon intensity of the ethanol to be lowered. And that is another 
set of solutions that we will come up with even in the domestic market as we move forward, 
because that will be the key requirement as we move forward for SAF to have a low carbon 
intensity ethanol.  
 
So, different levers will come into play in the ethanol segments. Just plain vanilla Greenfield 
projects are not the only option. There will be other Brownfield expansions, debottlenecking, 
all the other co-product development, etc. that I mentioned.  
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. Thank you and all the best, sir. Thank you.  
Shishir Joshipura: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nirav Vasa from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead.  

 
Page 8 of 25 
Nirav Vasa: 
Hello, sir. And thank you very much for the opportunity. So, my question pertains to diesel 
blending. Any idea by what time can we expect initial orders or some backing from the 
government for the same? Can we expect in this financial year?  
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, the diesel blending program, as you would probably appreciate, has to obviously meet the 
tech requirements first. And that is the testing that is currently underway. We have passed all 
but one stages of testing. And the final stage of testing is now currently underway, where a 
joint study is being undertaken by ARAI, BPCL, Praj and Cummins. And this has to be extended 
time test, because we have to test it from the perspective, not only from mileage and 
combustion and power, but also from environmental perspectives of what happens with 
respect to what I would call as emissions. The fuel specification standard that needs to get 
specified as to what needs to because we can't sell anything as fuel in India unless it gets so 
notified by the government. So, these tests will then get recommended through the 
government, saying now this is possible. And based on that, a new standard will get defined. 
So, it's difficult for us to put a timeline that will it happen this year, in the month of September, 
in the month of August. But this is definitively progressing as a joint program. And we are sure 
that we will see a very positive traction on this during the year. Government has taken steps to 
actually initiate this program notification, but obviously all these steps have to be gone 
through. You know, environmental norms to be met, the power norms to be met, fuel to be 
specified, certified, recommendations to be made. So, it's going through the steps.  
Nirav Vasa: 
So, my other question is pertaining to the petrol blending from 20% to 30%. So, according to 
your assessment, the journey from 20% to 30% would require significant contribution from 
second generation ethanol or that is something that can be managed using molasses, maize 
and some other feedstock, Agri-feedstock.  
Sachin Raole: 
I think as we move forward, two or three things will likely shape the new capacity creation for 
ethanol. One, of course, as you rightly said, if the blending percentage changes, that itself will 
drive the demand. Second, we will have to map it against availability of feedstock and also 
availability of feedstock regionally. I mean, something in north that is of no use in south 
because then you end up transporting ethanol which is not the purpose. And what is likely to 
happen is that there is also a big push now from government to use starchy feedstocks, 
especially corn, because that seems to be a very amenable crop for us to use. We are working 
on a program of intercropping right now, which is at a very advanced stage. So, different 
feedstocks will emerge, definitely yes. In what form, at what moment in time, is a matter of 
the locality, the geography, the current availability, the capacity availability, technology 
availability at that stage etc., etc. So, we are very confident that as we move forward, we will 
see an emergence of new feedstock as well. 2G will also be one of them.  
Nirav Vasa: 
Final question is, are you expecting...  

 
Page 9 of 25 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. May we please request you to rejoin the queue as there are several 
participants waiting for their turn.  
Nirav Vasa: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is able to take 
questions from all participants in the conference, please limit your questions to two per 
participant. Should you have a follow-up question, we request you to rejoin the queue. We 
have a next question from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI AMC. Please go ahead.  
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Yes, good afternoon, gentlemen. My first question is, what would be the impact of the possible 
tariffs on U.S., both on your existing business as well as the potential business on SAF and Praj 
GenX?  
Sachin Raole: 
Sorry, your voice was a little bit getting disturbed. But if I have understood your question, you 
are asking about U.S. tariff scenario, right?  
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Yes.  
Sachin Raole: 
Yes. So, currently the equipment which are getting exported to US for both of our businesses, 
that is, ethanol business and the critical equipment business, they carry duty between 5% to 
7%. The announcement for tariff is of 26%. Of course, for the next 90 days, it is reduced to 10%. 
And of course, there will be some discussions and negotiations which will be happening to 
reach to a stage of final tariff rate, which we currently, unfortunately, don't know. As per our 
agreement with our customers, naturally these duties are not on our head. The customer is 
supposed to take care of that. But if you look at the competition which India has in U.S. market 
from other markets like Taiwan and Korea and China, their duties are going to be far, far 
different than what duty structure is going to be for India is our current understanding. We will 
have to wait and watch till we see the complete picture, how the tariff scenario is going to 
emerge over a period of next whatever balance 70 days or 80 days. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, our current understanding is that compared to the countries that we compete with, 
especially for our engineering business in that market, we are more favorably placed as far as 
duties are concerned. However, the impact of duty itself on the project is something that 
remains to be seen and of course as we know that this is a dynamic scenario, so what's the final 
number that it settles to is something that will determine how things move forward.  
Deepesh Agarwal: 
What would be the share of U.S. in our revenue?  
Sachin Raole: 
Only U.S. if you look at currently, it is miniscule in that sense because even though the 
customers are based out of U.S., the projects where our critical equipment are going there 
even going to Europe market also.  

 
Page 10 of 25 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Canada.  
Sachin Raole: 
Canada and Europe both, yes. So, in the U.S., currently it might be 3% to 4% kind of a revenue 
which might be forming a part of our current number.  
Shishir Joshipura: 
For projects located in United States.  
Sachin Raole: 
In U.S., yes.  
Shishir Joshipura: 
Ordering may be happening out of United States, but projects getting located in United States 
is a very low number.  
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Understood, understood. The other comment is on the CBG side. If you can help us how now 
this year, this scenario would be? Because you have tied up with all the OMCs. It seems like the 
largest oil and gas company in the private is also setting up a larger CBG plant. So, what is your 
expectation with respect to the CBG ordering now? And how confident are you in terms of Praj 
being getting a disproportionate share, being number one or number two in that segment?  
Shishir Joshipura: 
Yes, so that's a very good question. I think what we are witnessing is right now a statement of 
intention from many of the OMCs and other PSUs that they would like to be participating in 
the journey of CBG. Our participation with them obviously comes with a very different purpose. 
One, when an OMC is involved, the off-take of the gas, which has been one of the major issues 
for the industry, gets addressed. The CBG networks that are now being built are also across the 
cities and as you probably know that from next year, January, it is a mandatory blend that is 
required to be done in the grid, 5%. So that becomes the next driver for it. The third thing is 
the technology itself. I am very happy to share with you. In fact, this happened just last week. 
We have done a record commissioning from start to final output at the guaranteed level with 
DCM in 60 days. So, that's the project that we have commissioned at a record pace. So that 
clearly establishes as the leader in the business of CBG. No other company can come anywhere 
near this record.  
 
We have also, as Sachin was mentioning, we are building a very large capacity single location 
project, which is also, in a manner speaking, a repeat contract from a customer who has already 
experienced one of our plants. So, that goes to show that there is an increasing confidence in 
the ability of technology to develop.  
The next development, which is very, very significant, especially from CBG's perspective, is the 
development of Bio-bitumen technology at Praj. As you are aware, we had mentioned in our 
last call that a road built using Bio-bitumen from our technology is now inaugurated as a stretch 
of the National Highway by Honorable Mr. Shri Gadkari, near Nagpur. And beyond that, that 
becomes a very, very important co-product for a CBG production, which helps to address 
several challenges that the CBG industry faces.  We have worked closely with CRRI to get the 

 
Page 11 of 25 
product specified, and that is, it is currently under the process. Because the by-product of Bio-
bitumen actually happens out of waste stream processing, so it enhances the value significantly 
for CBG projects as well.  
 
So, as we move forward, we believe that after the initial dust has settled and people have 
understood what technologies work and what don't, and where is the valuation that is 
happening, Praj will be in a position to be the market leader as we should be given our 
technological prowess.  
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure. And last question, if we look at the last two years, there has been a...  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Deepesh. May we request you to rejoin the queue?  
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Aditya Mongia: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for the opportunity. I hope I am audible to all.  
Sachin Raole: 
Yes, Aditya.  
Aditya Mongia: 
Thank you so much. I will go ahead with my questions. The first question that I had was more 
on this next year and how you see it from an order inflow perspective as in the imponderables 
over here are EBP 20 having been achieved already. Then imponderables over here are the 
ETCA orders that you may end up achieving. And the imponderable over here is the CBG 
pipeline, as you see through it. I would want to focus on both the bioenergy and the ETCA 
segment separately. And to gauge from you, how do you see through from a Y-o-Y perspective 
things happening from an inflow perspective in FY '26? That will be my first question.  
Sachin Raole: 
Okay. So, we were talking about FY '25 as a year of transition. Looking at what is happening on 
the EBP 20 program, rather we started working on what should be the scenario beyond EBP 20 
program. And what can be the contributor to our order book starting, let's say, from '26-'27 
and going up to 2030. That's the planning which we were doing for the last 2-3 years.  
 
What Shishir was talking about the products which are coming out of for the 
commercialization, the value adds which he mentioned for the ethanol plants, is the one which 
is going to contribute in a big way. EBP 20 we will have to also see how EBP 20 is going to move 
to EBP 25 or 30, where there are some talks which are going on from the decision-making point 
of view at the government level. So, there will be one more lever which will be available for 
taking EBP demand from 20 to 30. There are multiple avenues which are possible within the 
existing plants, which again Shishir was earlier mentioning, that what kind of a value add which 
we can do for our customers, that will be another stream of ordering which can happen under 

 
Page 12 of 25 
the ethanol business for us. I think there is more than enough opportunities which are available 
in that market or in that segment. Technology-wise, or from the solutions point of view, we are 
completely ready to offer that. So that's on the ethanol side.  
 
CBG scenario is still evolving. Again, CBG is not going to remain only CBG-CBG. As Shishir was 
making a mention, there will be an addition of our offering to that in the form of a bio-bitumen, 
which actually differentiates our offering as compared to anyone in the market and takes up 
into a very different lead because it enhances the financial viability for the projects which are 
having a waste in the form of a lignin.  
 
So, that's the business segment which will emerge. But of course, there are other factors which 
still need to get settled down. Market is still need to have more developers to come on the 
board. Some kind of an ecosystem from the offtake has to still get completely streamlined. So, 
I will have some cautious kind of approach to CBG, but of course it is going to be one of the big 
contributors in the next year in our bioenergy segment.  
In the engineering side, if I may shift my gear to the engineering business now, as I mentioned 
earlier, already eight customers have verified or audited our facility of Mangalore. 
Unfortunately, my Kandla facility is so blocked that I cannot take any more orders in Kandla 
because it is blocked for the next 18 months. So, I can't take any new orders in Kandla. I will 
have to take orders only in Mangalore. And that's why we were preparing ourselves in the form 
of infrastructure, resources, installing our new equipment and plant and getting them tested.  
 
As I mentioned, eight customers have already inspected, audited and approved this facility. We 
have also advanced that to signing three long-term almost 8 years long-term agreement 
framework agreement with them. What does that mean? These are not the orders. These are 
the agreements which actually sets the guideline for the placement of orders from my 
customers so it becomes little easier for them to directly place PO on us and every time we 
don't have to go through the entire process of commercial discussion on these orders. So, we 
have advanced with three customers on that by signing these long-term agreements with 
them.  
 
I think the engineering business is definitely going to start contributing from the order booking 
in next year. As we were earlier mentioning about how this facility is coming up, we had 
mentioned that first two quarters we will see the build-up of order coming up in this facility. 
Some activities have already started. One of the projects for which we will be getting supply 
order in the near future, engineering activities have already started in this year.  
 
So, we see this engineering business is also going to contribute in a big way in the entire 
landscape of our order booking. I can't give you a number, unfortunately, but I very clearly see 
that there are possibilities of all these businesses to contribute in a big way.  

 
Page 13 of 25 
 
I missed out two or three other elements which are going to contribute to our order booking. 
And one segment is on the services side. We are expanding our services business since last 
three years. It is taking a good shape. As I mentioned earlier, this year's order book is almost 
2x of the last year and now we are again looking at a rapid growth coming up in that segment 
on the services side.  
 
Another one is internationalization. And internationalization is happening across. It is 
happening in the bioenergy segment also. And let me also make a mention of PHS business 
because initially they were having some kind of a sporadic kind of orders from the international 
side. But since the last two years, we have seen a continuous flow of international orders 
coming in PHS too.  
 
So, services business, internationalization is what is going to contribute for the order booking 
of our next year. As I said, I only can't give you a number because that's what we generally 
don't talk about from the guidance point of view. But I can give you a direction, the way in 
which order booking is going to look like.  
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. This helps. And the second question that I had was on margins. Now your margins 
at the consolidated at the 10% levels at this point of time. I am just trying to get a sense of 
margin trend. Few imponderables.. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Aditya. We are not getting you. Your voice is quite breaking in between.  
Sachin Raole: 
But Aditya, if I have understood your question, you want to understand how the margin is 
looking like for this quarter and going forward. Am I right? Aditya is dropped. Okay, maybe in 
the meantime we can take another caller and maybe Aditya can come up in the call.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Tushar from KamayaKya Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Tushar: 
Yes, good afternoon, and thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know if corn is the 
long-term solution for ethanol and the companies want to increase their margin. So, it seems 
a natural transition for the value addition in the existing plant. Like, there are players like 
Globus and VCL working on that, on the corn at present. Just wanted to know, sir, in terms of 
opportunity, what sort of opportunity, in number terms, you were saying that? And for what 
percentage would be that for any just an average capacity cost? And, you know, that value 
addition would take what percentage?  
Sachin Raole: 
Shishir? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
If I understood the question correctly, very clearly the focus is on adding higher value to existing 
customers and obviously that's highly value accretive for both them and us. That also makes 

 
Page 14 of 25 
sure that we are able to bring all our technology prowess to our projects. As markets mature, 
as technologies mature, as customers' operations mature, they then start to look for some of 
these solutions. We are seeing this across the different markets in the world. Depending on at 
which point of curve they are, they are moving differently, but all of them are looking for 
solutions in a broad category of, how do I enhance the value of my own operations? And that 
is where I think a significant role is played by the fact that we have steadfastly focused on 
technology development as an area. And that is why you heard us talk about Bio-bitumen, 
Distillers corn oil, high protein DDGS. We have talked about low carbon ethanol, reducing 
energy intensity, improving yield. These are all solutions of technological kind that allow one 
to realize higher value and deliver higher value both. So, I think that's the key lever as we move 
forward.  
 
Could you just repeat the second part of the question? You were a little breaking up, so I 
couldn't catch that part.  
Tushar: 
Basically, I just want to understand the market size of that value addition, which the existing 
clients are looking for. And second is, sir, what would be that percentage? ……… 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Good afternoon, everyone. And thanks for the opportunity. Sir, one clarification was needed 
on the margin front where in our PPT, we have mentioned about GenX facility expenses cost 
impact of around Rs. 50 crores plus interest and depreciation of Rs. 37.15 crores. So that total 
is Rs. 102 crores. So, are we indicating that this is directly impacting the PBT of around nearly 
100 crores? Is that understanding right without corresponding revenue?  
Sachin Raole: 
Yes, Shailesh, your calculation or maths is right. But there were some orders which were getting 
executed in GenX, which has also given a contribution. So, almost Rs. 20 crores contribution 
will be there. So, if you look at, and in the notes to our results also, we have mentioned the 
number of Rs. 76 crores or Rs. 77 crores as the hit to our PBT in the consolidated accounts 
which is net of contribution which we have got for the orders getting executed or got executed 
in FY '25 for Praj GenX. So, if you look at math, it's 109 minus 20. And this is on a standalone 
GenX basis. And Rs. 6-7 crores inter-company adjustment, which brings down that number to 
Rs. 76 crores. So, Rs. 76 or Rs. 77 crores is the number which we have mentioned in our notes 
to accounts.  
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay, and so does it mean that if we have a full year revenue of GenX, this would be getting 
absorbed and there is no repeat or in case we are building up a team, so the cost is already in 
the P&L. So, executing the future orders, this would not be enough, right? I understand 
material and the cost would increase, but this is part in the P&L, so it would not be enough, 
right?  

 
Page 15 of 25 
Sachin Raole: 
Your understanding, Shailesh, is absolutely right, that moment we start executing the orders, 
all these fixed costs will start getting absorbed. And yes, to the extent of losses which we have 
mentioned from this GenX business, for setting up rather, this is, I will not use the word 
expenses, our investment, but getting through P&L, this expense will not or rather will get 
absorbed because of the orders which will get executed there. So, we will not have an impact 
on the consolidated profit and loss account or the PBT of the company.  
Shailesh Kanani: 
Thanks a lot. And second clarification which I wanted is that we have also mentioned about a 
large CBG order of around 36 TPD. Has it been included in our order inflow?  
Sachin Raole: 
Currently yes, in the current quarter order book it is sitting there.  
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. And one indication I wanted to know on the international side, in the last two years, in 
terms of execution, has there been, see, we have not put any orders for GenX that you would 
understand for the Mangalore facility at least. But in terms of order book and revenue, the 
ratio has deteriorated. So, has the orders which we have brought in last 18-24 months are of 
longer duration or we are taking time for execution? Any color you can provide on that?  
Sachin Raole: 
You are saying for the international bit, right?  
Shailesh Kanani: 
Right, right.  
Sachin Raole: 
So, our international order has both the segments sitting there which is engineering and the 
bioenergy. Engineering orders, when they are of a larger value, naturally their delivery cycle is 
little longish. So, it can go up to 18 months. The orders can actually go even up to 24 months. 
So, the cycle is very, very different as compared to the ethanol business under the engineering 
side. Because as we know that under critical equipment business and GenX business, we are 
having equipment and modules both, when you are building up modules, the time requirement 
is pretty huge because all the equipment are supposedly to get loaded on those modules and 
then those modules need to be dispatched to the client. So, the cycle is a little longish. So your 
observation is right.  
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. And just one more thing on GenX. There has been some delay as you have mentioned in 
the opening remarks as well, in earlier times as well. Any monitorable for us to expect 
momentum in the second half or anything which you can give more color? And closing it, also 
I would like to take this opportunity and thank Joshipura sir. I believe this would be your last 
call. So, thanks a lot, sir, over the years for all the help, the guidance, the learning what we 
have got from your side. Thanks a lot for that as well, sir.  
Shishir Joshipura: 
Thank you, Shailesh. Learning is mutual. Your questions are also pushing us to think differently. 
So, thank you so much.  

 
Page 16 of 25 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Thanks for your kind words, sir. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
All of you, all your colleagues, all of you have been, I was wanting to do this thank you speech 
a little later, but since you said I am really, really thankful to you guys because unless you ask 
questions, it shows two things. One, that you care. And the second that you are asking us to 
think differently and when more minds work together, obviously we are able to think from 
different dimensions. So, thank you very much for being there for us for all these years. And I 
am sure that as Praj moves forward, you guys will continue to ask same penetrative set of 
questions so that Ashish and Sachin and everyone will be in a position to benefit from your 
wisdom and take the company forward. Thank you so much for everything.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Dhawan from ValueQ Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Sagar Dhawan: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand, you know, basically in the current 
order book that we have, what could be the broader mix of the domestic ethanol orders in 
that, which could be, you know, in the nature of slow moving, given the current scenario, 
domestically.  
Sachin Raole: 
To be very frank with you, we are not calling them slow moving. Only we are saying that the 
execution cycle is getting elongated for them. Unfortunately, I am not having a number right 
now in my hand to give you. But they are not non-moving. They are slow-moving for a reason. 
Because we are also following very strict regime for recognition of revenue that if a client is 
ready with everything, then only we start working with them. And that's what is taking some 
time. And that's what we mentioned earlier also, that the execution delays are on that account. 
As I said, unfortunately, I am not having a ready number. Maybe we can provide you 
subsequently.  
Sagar Dhawan: 
Sure, sir. Understood. And the other second part of the question was, let's say the current order 
book on bioenergy which we are having of Rs. 3,300 crores odd given in the presentation, what 
could be the execution cycle for that which you are looking at for that piece? 
Sachin Raole: 
It should be somewhere between 12 months to 15 months.  
Sagar Dhawan: 
Okay. Sure. Got it. And sir, the other question that I had was on the engineering segment. So, 
we are seeing, you know, if I look at it on a full-year basis, the FY '25 to basically take care of 
the quarterly fluctuation, the order intake on engineering side has been, actually, have gone 
down by about 17% in the full-year '25 compared to last year. So, anything specific to call out 
there?  
Sachin Raole: 
Actually, no. As I said, we are not in a position to take order in our Kandla because that facility 
is completely chock-a-block for next 18 months. So, we are supposed to get all these orders 

 
Page 17 of 25 
now happening in the GenX, and that's the readiness of GenX which we are waiting for. So, that 
is the only thing because we had to reject a couple of orders from the Kandla because our GenX 
facility was not completely ready.  
Sagar Dhawan: 
Got it. Thank you for taking my question.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Trilok from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Trilok: 
Thanks for taking my questions. The first question is on flex-fuel. So, could you please share 
some insights regarding what is the development in the flex-fuel segment and what are the 
actions that the government is taking to successfully implement this?  
Shishir Joshipura: 
Sorry, could you just repeat your question? You were a little breaking up, so I couldn't hear it 
very well.  
Trilok: 
So, I want to just get some sense on the development on the flex-fuel policy and when do we 
see some sort of light on that aspect. Also, could you just give us some sense on what kind of 
order book can we expect for the company in subsequent years? That will be helpful.  
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, I mean, our role as an organization that is closely associated with development of biofuel 
technologies, our role is to make sure that we are developing technologies that can use 
differently available feedstock across the country for conversion to ethanol, and ethanol 
becomes available. So, that's the role that we play. Of course, as an important part of the 
overall industry ecosystem, we do provide our inputs to the requisite bodies, to industry 
bodies, to the government panels when we are invited. We also talk with automotive 
manufacturers' bodies and things like that. So, our role is to provide inputs and say what is 
possible and how it could be made available. Because the moment flex-fuel vehicles come, 
obviously the demand for ethanol will shoot up. And obviously then there needs to be a road 
map available for making ethanol available. So, I think that is the role that we are playing. For 
me to predict a date on which date the flex-fuel policy will be announced is not within the 
domain of either my knowledge or authority. So, that will be very difficult.  
Trilok: 
Okay, could you just talk about the order book expectations for the Financial Year '26? I know 
you guys don't get into any numbers or growth percentage, but it will be helpful for us to 
understand what kind of growth chart we will be sort of thinking about in the subsequent year.  
Shishir Joshipura: 
Yes, Sachin mentioned in his speech that we have also mentioned that in the past that Praj's 
business is a string of pearls. And we are beginning to see different pearls now beginning to 
shine. We are not dependent only on one business segment. So, our services business, the CBG 
business, our push and thrust for internationalization, you will probably notice that in the 
quarter that went by, we were 39% of our order book came from international business. And 
that is a stated strategy of the company where we have stated that we want to move to an 

 
Page 18 of 25 
eventual situation of 50-50 between domestic and international, even as we grow our sales 3x. 
So, of course, both segments will grow, but we expect international to grow at a faster pace 
compared to domestic. So, that will be a clear dimension. These other businesses that I spoke 
to you about earlier, our mentions are about higher value announcement, co-product 
development solutions, the engineering solution, the whole GenX picture that we discussed. 
So, we actually have multiple, we are fully ready. In some of the areas, like GenX facility was 
getting ready, but now we are ready. The co-product development has picked up high speed. 
We are now ready to commercialize bio-bitumen Distillers corn oil is already commercialized. 
Rice protein we are ready to commercialize. So, there are different solutions, different co-
product solutions for which we are ready with commercial solutions.  
 
So, as we move through the year, I think all of these levers will start to play out and we will see 
a healthy development of the order book. We see more reason for that would lead us to believe 
that one segment, one part of a segment, sort of not having a visible opportunity will lead to 
any deficiencies in our performance. I think we will continue to build from here onwards and 
it's very, very strong. There will be other levers that will kick in over a period of time. Sachin 
briefly mentioned about diesel blending program. I mentioned about SAF. So, there will be 
these opportunities that will come and emerge as we go along and travel through the year.   
Trilok: 
Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital. 
Please go ahead.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir. I think most of the questions are answered. So, just on bioplastic with 
our demo plant being ready and now with this JV, when we can start showcasing this for the 
orders and how would be the opportunity in the international market?  
Sachin Raole: 
So, Vikram, we are already jointly pitching in for the order booking now with the prospective 
customers. This being a completely different segment, but of course there is a good amount of 
interest in bioplastics in the market. So, there is a definitive interest which is emerging. We are 
meeting the prospective customers and presenting our case to them jointly with TK. And we 
will see some action happening. I can't give you a timeline. I can't predict a timeline right now 
for you, when the order booking is actually going to happen. But yes, the set of customers are 
interested in visiting our demo plant, understanding how it is happening, and dialogs are going 
on.  
Shishir Joshipura: 
Vikram, just to add to what Sachin said, the most very important factor is that this is now a 
domestically developed technology. So, we expect it will be very, very cost competitive 
compared to any other technology, number one. Number two, the availability of technology in 
the global market also is pretty restricted. And our model of making it available to anyone who 
wants it is a significant departure from most of the current technology players' strategy. I think 

 
Page 19 of 25 
these two things, coupled with the fact that there is a local, very rich and experienced company 
that is backing up this technology, and now with this joint venture that we have signed with 
one of the world leaders, will actually make the full end-to-end solution available to customers. 
So, these are the three key drivers that I believe will help move this forward. Maybe these are 
little early days, but I am sure as time in forward in time we will be able to speak more 
specifically about, but there is already a lot of interest from a lot of customers. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Understood. And for GenX, I think since we start order booking now, majority of revenue will 
start particularly in the second half of '26. So, is that understanding right?  
Sachin Raole: 
So, some revenue is happening, but meaningful revenue will start happening only in the H2 
because the orders for execution will start coming up at that point of time. Currently, there will 
be engineering, which we will keep on doing based on the order booking which we will have.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Understood. Okay, that was it, sir. Yes, thank you very much and wishing you all the success for 
Joshipura sir. Thank you.  
Shishir Joshipura: 
Thank you, Vikram. It's been a pleasure. And do keep in touch.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Okay, sir. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question. First question, in your opening remark, you 
highlighted about a 45Z notification now being implemented from October '25. And in the past, 
we have been highlighting about the US SAF opportunity. So, with this, what are the 
expectations of order wins in US SAF in FY '26 and FY '27? Any color you would like to give after 
this development?  
Shishir Joshipura: 
45Z relates to lowering the carbon intensity of ethanol. Okay, and as we said, we expect that 
since the draft notification now issued, that considering normal cycle timelines, it should be 
notified towards the end of second quarter. That's where we are today. As and when that 
happens, it will create a definitive opportunity for us because there are already existing 
projects in the United States where the carbon scores lowering will present a very significant 
opportunity and financially also a very attractive opportunity, which would become eventually 
the feedstock for SAF. For SAF projects to come, this is the first step that is required to move 
forward. One or two projects that will come up in the meanwhile, you will see that they will 
say, okay, we already have secure access to low-carbon ethanol, or they will have their own 
low-carbon ethanol production facility. So that remains to be seen as to what is the actual 
model deployed by the early project proponents that we will have to see.  

 
Page 20 of 25 
 
In terms of the other notification of that is for SAF, we need to see in terms of because there is 
also another development where the CCUS projects which were dependent on pipelines are 
facing a little bit of rough weather because pipelines are not getting approval. So, how will that 
be overcome? So, multiple levers will have to come into play for us to see, but we remain 
confident that with this advent of 45Z, it will definitely create a good window of opportunity 
for us.  
Amit Anwani: 
Right. The second part on you won orders in Paraguay and earlier you won orders in Brazil. So, 
any pipeline there or any other international market for 1G, maize-based sugar, starch, where 
we are seeing order wins in FY '26? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Yes, Brazil is a very high focus area for us. So, Paraguay, Argentina, Brazil, Guatemala, these 
countries, both in Central America and South America, are witnessing what I would call as a 
clear movement for governments to a. specify either higher mandates or new mandates for 
ethanol blending in their energy mix. So, that's a very, very positive step forward. Most of these 
plants, though not all, are likely to be starch-based. And we are very, very confident that with 
our strong footprint there, we will be in a position to move forward. Sachin already mentioned 
there are two projects for which the engineering orders are already under the way. So, once 
they are finished, that's the model in that market. So, then they will switch over to the 
equipment ordering situation. So, we will look at that as well.  
Amit Anwani: 
Lastly on GenX, since we are looking for order wins in Q1 and Q2, any development which has 
happened, what kind of quantum we can expect with respect to order inflow or revenue, which 
you might be factoring in for FY '26 for GenX? There  
Shishir Joshipura: 
There are dialogs that are currently under way. Orders are in finalization stage, in handshake 
stage. And we will let you know the numbers once they are done. I can't let the number out 
before the orders are finalized. You will appreciate that.  
Amit Anwani: 
Sure. And I wish you all the best, Joshipura sir. It is always a pleasure to interact with you. And 
I wish you very best.  
Shishir Joshipura: 
Thank you, Amit. Thank you very much. Pleasure is entirely mine.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Raman from Sequent Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Raman: 
Hello, sir. Sir, I have two questions. First, we have currently an order book of Rs. 4,293 crores. 
So, what was the execution timeline with respect to this?  
Sachin Raole: 
So, as I earlier mentioned, the execution cycle for most of the orders is in a range of 12 to 15 
months. I am telling you the average. A couple of orders which are there from the critical 

 
Page 21 of 25 
equipment and modularization side, those might be in a zone of 18 months. But majority of the 
orders are in the zone of 12 to 15 months kind of an average period.  
Raman: 
Okay, sir. And the second question, sir, is with respect to compressed biogas. In the earlier call, 
you mentioned that the entire industry was facing economic and operational challenges. And 
now that the pricing mechanism has been changed, I mean, it's linked to the 80% of CNG prices, 
I guess that's the new pricing mechanism. So, now I want to understand the outlook, current 
outlook and the future outlook. Is the entire industry still facing challenges or now the 
operational concerns have been sorted out?  
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, this is a very new nascent and emerging industry. Nowhere in the world this exists. So, there 
are still nuances that need to get ironed out. Yes, you are right that on the pricing front, there 
seems to be a decent solution that has been provided. And there is always a presentation made 
by the industry to the government saying, no, they need a higher percentage of the pump price. 
So, that’s under discussion.  
 
Having said that, I think there are other issues that need resolutions around what to do with 
solid fertilizer, liquid fertilizer? They have now been notified, which is the first positive step, so 
they at least now can legally sell those products in the market. So, that's the second portion.  
 
Third is, as I mentioned, that from January of next year, there is a mandatory blending 
obligation on the CBG companies. So that will also create demand and push for rapid 
infrastructure development, also development of plants in and around those networks because 
they will be looking for CBG as a source. So, that's another one. So, there are several positive 
elements. Off-take sites, still some more resolutions are required. But I am sure as we go 
through the year, we will see those happen.  
Raman: 
Okay, sir. A follow-up question. Sir, on the revenue front, with respect to Q4, both bioenergy 
and engineering have seen a significant dip, like bioenergy has decreased by 15% on year-on-
year basis, and engineering has decreased by 30%. Sir, can I know why was there this significant 
decline in the revenue?  
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, as we said, you know that the execution cycles have stretched. From their normal cycles of 
9 to 12 months, they have stretched to 12-15 months. And we are very cautious about some 
of the domestic projects progressing forward in view of the tighter liquidity norms, tighter 
money disbursement norms that the financing organizations are now putting, the banks etc., 
are putting on our customers. So, we have the order book, A. B, we could not voice them for 
the fact that they were not fully prepared to accept and pay for them. So that stretched the 
project cycles. 
 
Third, there was also during the year, and I am being very open here. During the year, there 
was also a bit of a, I would say, order intake time mismatch for us, especially for our exports 

 
Page 22 of 25 
jobs, where the things started about six months late. So, because the orders came in, but they 
came in a little late, so we could not go ahead and create this invoicing, which normally would 
have happened. So, those are the, if you recall, our first quarter was not a very high order 
booking quarter. So, that also impacted our ability to do the same thing during last quarter of 
the year.  
Raman: 
So, last follow-up question. So, can we expect there will be a spillover in terms of revenue in 
the next year because of the majority of the order which was supposed to be closed in this year 
will be closed in the coming year? 
Sachin Raole: 
Yeah, that's what we had said that the order book is there. And the order booking is happening 
as per the strict norm of the Praj. That order has to be there. Agreement has to get signed. The 
advance needs to be paid. So, there is a commitment from customer that they want to go ahead 
with the project. Yes, there is a delay. Delay is only in execution site. So, naturally, this order 
book is going to get executed. Instead of getting executed over a period of 9 to 12 months, it 
is going to get executed over a period of 12 to 15 months. So yes, there is a spillover which can 
happen of the order book which we are working right now.  
Raman: 
Okay. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Manish Goyal from Thinqwise Wealth 
Managers. Please go ahead.  
Manish Goyal: 
Yes, thank you. Thank you very much. I have a couple of questions. Sir, first on the overall 
margins, probably there are three or four perspectives. One is on what kind of revenue booking 
would be required to achieve break-even at GenX plant. Would it be, say, considering you 
probably have an impact of Rs. 80 crores, would it be revenues of Rs. 400 to 450 crores 
required? And do you expect that we will achieve the break-even in entire FY '26 or it will be 
probably back-ended and on a quarterly revenue run rate? So, this was the first part. 
 
And second was on the margins related is probably, do we see a very good improvement going 
forward considering we would have a better revenue mix with higher services revenue and 
higher international revenue considering higher order book from the international markets?  
 
And the third angle to this is also that with CBG plant revenue mix improving, where probably 
we see a higher outsourced work, can it probably offset some of these margins? That was my 
first part of the question, sir. And I have a couple of more. So, please provide an opportunity 
for that.  
Sachin Raole: 
Manish, in the first part itself, you have asked three questions, but I will try to answer. Your 
question was related to BEP (break-even point) for GenX. More or less, your calculations are 

 
Page 23 of 25 
right. The break-even point for GenX will be somewhere in the range of Rs. 400-450 crores. 
That's right.  
 
Your second part of the same question was whether this is going to get executed in an equal 
manner on a quarterly basis. The answer is no. As we mentioned that the modularization and 
equipment orders are little longish from the execution point of view, the execution period is 
going to be little longish.  
 
Revenue might get, of course it is based on the percentage of completion method basis. But 
initially some engineering component will come through and then the work on equipment and 
modularization will start. So, there will be some kind of a lumpiness in the revenue getting 
booked for GenX. We had already mentioned that we are not expecting huge revenue booking 
to happen in the first half of next year. It will start happening from Quarter 3 onwards. So, you 
will see some kind of a lumpiness from the revenue point of view. But your point is right. Break-
given point will be somewhere around Rs. 400 and 450 crores.  
 
Your second question was related to margin improvement. Your point is right. Because of the 
services element and the internationalization, there will be possibility of improvement of 
margin. We are not baiting right now too much on that and giving you a very different picture. 
We always mention that our first target is to reach on a sustainable basis to a double-digit 
EBITDA margin. That is what we are trying to do right now. The moment these other 
components will start playing in which are going to contribute higher on the margin side, yes, 
they can be margin-accretive going forward.  
 
Your third question was related to CBG. Sorry, I missed it out now.  
Manish Goyal: 
So, basically the revenue composition of CBG probably may include higher outsource work. So, 
can it probably impact your overall margins? Or do you believe that we can achieve double-
digit margin in the CBG?  
Sachin Raole: 
So, CBG has some component of outsourcing, of course, but it also has the site activity which I 
had mentioned earlier in my remarks. That site activity is on a higher side as compared to the 
bought-out components or the third-party component. But yes, that component will definitely 
be there.  So, there will be three parts to it. One portion which we are supposed to do in the 
form of equipment. The second one will be outsourced. And the third one will be site activity. 
And in the CBG business, site activity will be little more as compared to the first two 
components.  
Manish Goyal: 
Okay, sir. And sir, on the depreciation part, probably three observations from the cash flow 
statement that probably your principal payment on LIGI has remained steady at Rs. 32 crores. 
So, where I am coming from is that your depreciation has increased from Rs. 44 crores to Rs. 

 
Page 24 of 25 
86 crores. So, if the lease payment outgo is steady at Rs. 32 crores, does it imply that 
incremental depreciation is on plant and machinery from GenX? That was first.  
 
Second, there is a bad debt provision of nearly Rs. 25 crores versus Rs. 23 crores. So, is it also 
reflecting in our P&L? And how do we see it going forward?  
 
And the third question is on increasing working capital, which is quite significant considering 
contract’s work in progress has increased from Rs. 700 odd crores to more than Rs. 1,000 crores. 
So, what should we read into this? Thank you so much.  
Sachin Raole: 
I hope this is the last installment of your question.  
Manish Goyal: 
Sure, sure.  
Sachin Raole: 
Cash flow, lease, your observation is right. But I can't explain you the accounting standard on 
a call. Based on the accounting standard, the treatment of the actual rentals getting paid out 
and the capitalization of lease assets and getting depreciated in the profit and loss account is 
little different. That's why you will not see, I mean, my lease rentals were, I mean, if I talk from 
the cash flow point of view, the lease rentals were little bit in a staggered manner. But the asset 
gets capitalized in one number. I mean, the entire cash flow gets capitalized as one number 
and gets depreciated over a period of lease period. Especially this is happening for my GenX 
facility. And that's the reason why you are seeing that number, the way in which you are seeing. 
Yes, you are right. Apart from the GenX facility, we do have plant and equipment which got, 
what I can say, decapitalized in the GenX facility. Those are also on a lease basis. That's the 
reason those lease rentals have also started kicking in now. So, that's on the lease.  
 
Second one, observation of yours is on a bad debt provision. Let me clarify. This is a provision 
for doubtful debts. There are no bad debts. Surprisingly, rather we have not actually written 
off anything as a bad debt in the current year. Everything is on the provisioning side for doubtful 
debts because we have beefed up our policy from the provisioning side and changed little bit 
and made it little more aggressive on the provisioning side. That's the reason why you are 
seeing increase in the provision for doubtful debts.  
 
Sorry, I again missed your third question.  
Sachin Raole: 
Manish is gone.  
Shishir Joshipura: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. This would be the last question for today. And I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 

 
Page 25 of 25 
Sandip Bhadkamkar: 
So, thank you everyone for your time today. In case you have any more questions, feel free to 
write us at info@praj.net. Once again, we would like to thank you all for your time and have a 
nice day.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Praj Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
