Registered Office: Apollo Tyres Ltd. 3rd Floor, Areekal Mansion, Panampilly Nagar, Kochi 682036, India 
CIN: L25111KL1972PLC002449, Tel No. + 91 484 4012046, Fax No. +91 484 4012048, Email: investors@apollotyres.com 
ATL/ SEC/21 
May 21, 2025 
The Secretary,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
The Secretary,  
BSE Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call 
Dear Sirs,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that a Conference Call for the analysts and 
investors to discuss the financial and operational performance of the Company for Q4 FY25 was held 
on May 15, 2025. 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid call. The same has also been placed on 
the website of the Company https://corporate.apollotyres.com/investors/ir-updates/ 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Apollo Tyres Ltd. 
(Seema Thapar) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
SEEMA 
THAPAR
Digitally signed by 
SEEMA THAPAR 
Date: 2025.05.21 
16:55:06 +05'30'

Apollo Tyres Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Post Results Conference Call of 
Apollo Tyres. At the outset, I would like to thank the Apollo Tyres 
management for giving us an opportunity to host this call. From the 
management team, we have with us Mr Neeraj Kanwar, Managing Director 
and Vice Chairman of Apollo Tyres; Mr Gaurav Kumar, Chief Financial 
Officer and the Investor Relations Team.  
 
We will start the call with a brief opening remarks from the management 
team and then we'll begin the Q&A session. Over to you, Neeraj sir. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Thank you, Aniket. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I 
welcome you all to the Apollo Tyres post-results Q4 conference call. I would 
start with a broad overview of the results, followed by some key initiatives 
that the company has taken and then Gaurav will go into the financials. We 
close Q4 '25 with consolidated topline growth of 3% Y-o-Y and an EBITDA 
margin of 13%. This has been a very, very challenging year and honestly, our 
performance has not been where we aimed to be. We have 
underperformed vis-à-vis our expectations and peers, both in India and in 
Europe. That said, I maintain a strong conviction in the capability, resilience 
of our teams. When we operate with focus and alignment, I can assure you 
that we will deliver exceptional outcomes. 
 
Inflation should propel our profitability and our revenue. Coming to 
regional performance, I'm happy to share that there was growth in 
domestic replacement segment. However, the domestic growth was 
partially negated by the decline in our OE segment. 
 
Coming to Europe, we maintained our annual top line despite challenging 
environment. In terms of outlook for the next year, we expect recovery in 
operating performance helped by a better top-line momentum across both 
our regions. Growth in India is expected to be driven by replacement 
segment. Similarly, in Europe also, we expect top line momentum to 
recover driven by market growth and new product launches.  
 
Let me now talk about some key pillars in the organisation. Starting with 
R&D, we are consistently securing additional model wins from prominent 
German PV manufacturers, further reaffirming the strength of our product 
offerings. On the Branding front, our teams remain focused and committed 
to reinforcing brand equity and driving premiumisation across the portfolio. 
In April 2025, we launched our flagship campaign targeting SUV owners, 

highlighting our premium tyres, reliability across city streets and rugged 
terrains. 
 
We also launched multiple campaigns focused on showcasing India's 
evolving mobility landscape, highlighting Apollo Tyres' commitment to 
supporting and promoting sustainable mobility solutions. Vredestein Ultrac 
Pro achieved the best buy label in the Testaankoop cooperative test of 
summer tyres in Belgium.  
 
Now coming to Sustainability - this too, has always been a key pillar for us. 
Apollo Tyres has proudly earned an Excellence in CSR award, recognising its 
exceptional policies, practices and remarkable outcomes in the pursuit of 
sustainable business excellence. Our Chennai plant has secured the first 
prize in the Industrial Water Use Efficiency category at the prestigious 12th 
edition of FICCI awards. We have achieved remarkable progress in our 
sustainable initiatives, evidenced by a notable increase in our S&P Global 
ESG score. 
 
With this, I'd like to conclude my opening remarks. Let me reiterate, as 
always, we are keeping a close watch on the markets and at our overhead 
costs, and we continue to focus on sustainable and profitable growth. We 
are working diligently to ensure that we are fully prepared for the 
challenges and opportunities that lie ahead and I believe we are extremely 
well-placed to leverage long-term opportunities across our key 
geographies. 
 
I'd like to thank you and I'll handover now to Gaurav. Thank you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Neeraj. And good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Continuing 
from where Neeraj left, let me share some further details of our operations 
for the last quarter. 
 
The consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was INR 8.4 billion, a margin of 
13% compared to 13.7% in the last quarter, but a much larger fall from 
16.4% in the same quarter last year. Our margins have come off from the 
previous year levels largely due to the steep raw material cost pressures, 
but also to some extent with the operating leverage impact due to lower 
revenue growth. The balance sheet continues to be very healthy. 
 
The net debt to EBITDA for the consolidated operation was 0.8x as of March 
'25 compared to the end at previous quarter. In India, we witnessed flattish 
Q4 Y-o-Y volumes, which was led by single-digit growth in replacement 
volumes, a flattish OE volume and a decline in exports. We registered good 
growth in TBR replacement segment. The revenue for the quarter was INR 
45.8 billion, a growth of 8.4% over the same quarter last year. The EBITDA 

for the quarter at INR 5.2 billion, a margin of 11.2% was just a little up 
compared to 11.1% in the last quarter.  
 
We have clearly, as Neeraj mentioned, underperformed vis-à-vis our peers 
in terms of revenue growth and we are taking a hard look at the reasons 
and the corrective actions to be taken. In terms of demand outlook, we 
expect the demand momentum to recover in Q1. Coming to the balance 
sheet, we saw a reduction in the standalone debt as on March '25 compared 
to the previous quarter of December '24. The net debt to EBITDA for India 
operations was at 1.2x as of March '25.  
 
Moving on to European Operations, the revenue for the quarter at EUR 176 
million was a decline of 4% over the same period last year. The EBITDA for 
the quarter stood at EUR 25 million with an EBITDA margin performance of 
14.3% compared to a 17.7% for the last quarter. Our top-line performance 
was below market growth for the last couple of quarters. The European 
Operations have been constrained by capacity and had to sacrifice volumes 
in the non-UHP category, leading to underperformance vis-à-vis the market, 
especially for summer tyres. And that is why the capacity expansion is 
underway at Hungary to cater to the market demand that we missed in the 
non-UHP category in the current year.  
 
In terms of outlook, we expect the demand momentum to pick up going 
forward and we'll continue to focus on cost optimisation. As communicated 
few weeks back, we recently announced a significant development at our 
European Operations, the intended decision to close production and 
production-related activities at the Enschede plant in 2026. This is right now 
undergoing the necessary Works Council consultation process. And we 
would keep you updated on the same. 
 
And hence, in the results the exceptional item below the EBITDA level is 
related to the intended decision. While the decision is still at a consultation 
stage, the accounting standards dictate that we make an immediate high-
level assessment of fixed assets and based on that, take an impairment 
charge if necessary. And there has been an impairment charge of EUR 14 
million on the fixed assets. We should be able to provide you much greater 
clarity in the next earnings call. 
 
We continue to keenly monitor our Capex outflow. We expect our Capex 
for the fiscal year '26 to be INR 1,500 crores, split almost equally between 
growth and normal Capex. We'll continue to focus on profitability, free cash 
flow generation, and improvement in the return ratios as we go forward. 
 
With this, I would conclude my opening comments. Thank you. And we 
would be happy to take your questions. 

 
 
 
Questions-and-Answers Session 
 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Thank you, Gaurav sir. We will now open the floor for Q&A session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question can please use the raise hand option. Once 
you are done asking your question, please lower your hand. We will wait for 
a couple of seconds for the question queue to assemble. First question is 
from the line of Siddhartha Bera. I have unmuted your line. You can go 
ahead and ask your question. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes, sir. Hope you can hear me. Thanks for that. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Yes, Siddhartha. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, first question is again on the growth outlook. We have been sort of, like 
you rightly said, been slightly underperforming compared to peers. So some 
color on what areas, and I believe you have already been taking some steps 
to sort of improve the growth momentum. So some more color, where are 
we still lagging? And is it more OE or more on the replacement? Where do 
you think more efforts needed to be taken? And by when should we expect 
some of those efforts to sort of start getting visible in the numbers? So 
some more clarity there will be helpful. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Okay, Gaurav, I'll take that. So like I mentioned to you, yes, this year has 
been very, very challenging. We have underperformed, but the green light 
is that we have put a lot of initiatives in the field. Our replacement market 
has been robust. So that is one clarification I want to make. Where we have 
faltered is in OEMs, where we on purpose have come out of some of the 
sizes that we didn't want to go into. Thereby volume decline has been there.  
 
Secondly, OE both in PCR and in truck. Truck trailer is something which is in 
high in demand, where we chose not to participate in because it's a low-
quality product. But now we have put all emphasis and we are coming out 
with new products for the OEs in truck. As far as the other two channels are 
concerned, which is OE and exports,  I've already mentioned to you about 
OE, Exports is also an area which we have faltered in. We have 
underperformed. And now our focus is there on seeing how we can increase 
our shares both in OEM and in the export segment. 
 
I can only assure you that replacement we are doing as well as previously, 
we'll continue to grow. And I believe that quarter one of this year, which 
already we are into mid-May, I'm seeing better results coming out. So 

hopefully quarter one will be a much, much better performance, even when 
I compare to our peers. I hope I've answered that. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yeah. Just a follow up in that, at least at the OE level, I think what we 
remember last quarter, we had declined in double digits. So from there, we 
have come to flat. So probably there's been a bit improvement. So should 
we build in that now, given this trend, we should start expecting some 
growth. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
You will see growth. Like I said, you will see growth both in OEM and in our 
export channels.  
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. Second question is on this restructuring, what we are doing there. So 
some sense, what is the contribution of revenues from the Netherlands 
plant as of now? And given that, if we close it, what happens to this 
production there? Because in Hungary, we already have a capacity 
constraint. And do we plan to ship that to Hungary? And if so, when does 
the new capacity in Hungary comes on stream? So some sense there. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Okay, we'll throw color on that. Gaurav, you want to take this on? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah. So Siddharth, currently the Enschede plant was producing 0.5 million 
PCR tyres when we are selling 6 million plus tyres in Europe. So let's say it's 
a proportion which is under 10%. That can be absorbed between the 
existing capacities in India and Hungary. As mentioned, we had to sacrifice 
the non-UHP category sales in the current year in Europe, which led to both 
underperformance on revenue and also, to a certain extent, that plays into 
margins. So, the Hungary capacity would be available by the end of this 
current year.  
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. So sir, I'll come back in the queue. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Thank you, Siddharth. 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani. Amyn, please go 
ahead. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just some clarification again on this 
European performance in the quarter. So did we already start reducing 
capacity at Enschede? Because if I look at absolute revenues, it is still lower 
than last quarter as well as last year. So was there a specific capacity 
constraint or have we run out of capacity? Because if that were the case, at 
least we should have had some operating leverage benefits. So if you can 
just explain that, some more color, that would be helpful. 
 

Gaurav Kumar: 
No, Amyn, there was no production or capacity reduction at Enschede 
already in Q4. The decision or the intended decision has just been 
announced. There is no implementation till we reach the end of the 
consultation process with Works Council and the ATNL, which is subject to 
company supervisory board approval. When the operations focused on its 
demand for the UHP and the UUHP tyres, those tyres take up higher 
capacity. So to a certain extent, one tyre of UHP or UUHP takes more than 
the normal non-UHP tyre. And that is what the conscious decision taken 
was to sacrifice a bit of growth on the summer tyres. 
 
Now, obviously, the market growth in Europe was higher than expected. 
Also, as you go into OE business, that also eats into a certain amount of 
capacity, but that's committed. And all of those factors, finally, including 
sometimes logistical challenges , resulted in the sales losses. Nothing to do 
with Enschede. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay, thanks for that. And you mentioned the INR 1,500 crores Capex. So 
any specific brownfield expansion that you can highlight that we could see 
either in India or in Europe, or does this Hungary new capacity is also part 
of this 1500 crores, or is it already being done? If you can share some color. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
  It is already in action. The INR 1,500 crores includes a 4,000 tyres per day 
PCR expansion in Hungary. It also includes a PCR 4,000 tyres per day 
expansion in the AP plant. As we have mentioned through the year, we are 
seeing good growth. And while there has been underperformance in India 
on the OE side, we've continued to see good growth on the replacement 
side. So both these projects will be sort of preparing us for the future. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay, that's helpful. And just if I can just ask one last question. I think some 
part of your India PCR capacity is also used for exporting into Europe. Can 
you just remind us what is the import duty right now? Because if there is 
going to be any benefit from India EU deal, if it were to be signed like the 
India UK deal? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I don't have the immediate import duty figure. I mean, we can come back 
to you, but it is marginal.  
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Thank you. I'll come back.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. Amyn.  
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Raghunandan. Raghunandan, 
you may go ahead. 
 

Raghunandan N.L.: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Sir, on the Netherlands business, if you 
can give an idea, because of the restructuring, what can be the 
improvement in the cost structure for the Europe business? Can the Europe 
level margins improve on a sustainable basis by 100 basis points 200 basis 
points? How do you see the benefit of it over a two three year period? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. Raghu, as I mentioned earlier, it is fairly early on in the process. It is 
still under a consultation process. We believe margins will expand definitely 
and we could, as an example, point you to the restructuring, which was 
done five years earlier, back in 2020, when the European Operations took a 
significant uplift in margins because of the manufacturing shift.  
 
At a very rough level, the conversion cost, raw material being equal, 
Hungary versus the Netherlands, Hungary would be almost one third of 
Netherlands. And definitely, this would lead or result in a margin uplift. 
Quantification would be difficult at this stage. 
 
Raghunandan N.L.: 
Got it, sir. Thanks. Thanks for that.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
Raghunandan N.L.: 
Sir, coming to the standalone operation, you have a gross margin expansion 
on a Q-o-Q basis in Q4. What has driven this? And what would be your 
expectation for raw material basket in Q1 and Q2? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, the gross margin expansion is a direct result of raw material at least 
beginning to come off the high levels. There's been a few percentage points 
reduction in raw material Q4 over Q3. The expectation was that this trend 
would continue. But as of now, for Q1, we see a flattish raw material trend 
vis-a-vis Q4. 
 
Raghunandan N.L.: 
So, the decrease in the global rubber prices and the recent fall in the crude 
derivatives, would that translate into benefit in Q2, sir? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Could possibly. This is also we are entering into the lean season now shortly. 
So, the natural rubber prices may not come down to that extent because of 
also the lean season on production. But at least the crude side of things 
seem to be reasonably favorable. 
 
Raghunandan N.L.: 
Got it, sir. And sales mix and cost optimisation efforts in Europe, you have 
called out in the press release. So, how do you see the benefits? And by 
when can we start seeing the benefits of that? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, the sales mix, we have continued to focus on, Raghu. The premium mix 
in the passenger car businesses is now beyond mid 40s. This number used 

to be in early 40s over the last couple of years. And six years back, this 
number was in the 20s. So, we've continued to move up on the sales mix 
improvement, which is largely the PCR side of the business. Cost 
optimisation, again, one part of it is the announced intended decision. And 
we will continue to look sharply at all other costs in terms of driving margins 
even better for the European operations. 
 
Raghunandan N.L.: 
Got it, sir. And generally, you share the commodity prices, natural rubber, 
synthetic rubber, would it be possible to share that? And lastly, on the tax 
side, when are we shifting to the new regime? That's all from my end. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, let me take the new regime question. That's a constant evaluation that 
is done every year, based on how much of past MAT credit is available, the 
Capex plans. Regarding the commodity prices, natural rubber was in the 
region of INR 200 plus, synthetic rubber at INR 190, carbon black around 
INR 115, and steel cord at INR 160 plus. 
 
Raghunandan N.L.: 
And the blended average, sir? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The blended average was around INR 170 per kg. 
 
Raghunandan N.L.: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. Wishing all the best and I'll fall back 
to the queue. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. Raghu. 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Thank you. Request the participants to limit the questions to two per 
participant. We'll take the next question from Amar Kant. Please go ahead. 
 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Yeah. Hi. Good evening, team. And thanks for taking my question. I just had 
one question. You also alluded to it in your opening remarks that the growth 
has been relatively lower than what peers have kind of delivered. 
 
And also, in terms of margin, the gap between you and your peers has kind 
of grown over the last three, four quarters, which was in your favor earlier. 
So, and I just wanted to understand a little bit that you talked about, maybe 
a couple of quarters back regarding some internal reorganisation that you 
were taking up. If that has had some impact on the business in the near 
term and how that would play out, probably favorably going ahead, would 
there be any link with that? If you can shed some light on that. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar:  
Yeah. So we have restructured in the month of May, June, where we went 
from being a regional company to more global. And it has taken us time. 
And that's why maybe one of the reasons for the underperformance is 
there. But I can assure you now everything is stable. We are working as one 

global team. All our focus is on how we can take advantage of our end user, 
our customer across the globe.  
 
So, all manufacturing, supply chain, raw material is working towards the 
commercial department to try and see how we can give them better 
products at the right time. So, there's a lot of emphasis going on digital 
initiatives in the supply chain area to try and see how we can get tyres closer 
to the customer. 
 
So, it has taken time, that is my net conclusion. But now we are away from 
that. We have gone a long journey of six to eight months where we needed 
to do the cleaning up. That's all behind us. And now this year, fiscal '26, we 
hope that we are able to come back to ourselves as flying colors and being 
leaders in India. 
 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Yes. So, some of that, thanks for that. And something was also, some of that 
probably reflected in your finances as well. There was a decline in employee 
costs and we also understand that there have been some senior level exits 
at your firm. So, again, from that perspective only, how do you maybe cope 
with that and going ahead, is that going to be a challenge or that, I mean, 
you talked about it, that it is largely sorted and you are geared up for the 
future. Maybe some thoughts on that as well. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
So, yes, you are right in what you are saying. We did have a few exits, but 
we also hired a few more. So, we have hired recently a chief supply chain 
officer. He is Indian, coming from a very large German company. We have 
recently hired Rajeev Kumar Sinha, who has come as a chief of 
manufacturing, who comes with an expertise of Cipla for the past nine 
years.  
 
So, these are the two new joinees that have come in. And with that, it does 
take time for people to settle in and to start performance. So, like I said in 
my earlier answer, Q1 is going to be our quarter. Hopefully, we will come 
back with double digit growth. 
 
Amar Kant Gaur:  
Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions. All the best. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar:        
Pleasure. 
 
Gaurav Kumar:  
Thank you. Amar. 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Thank you. Next question is from Sushrut. Please go ahead. 
 
Sushrut Ghalsahi: 
My question, I had one question, one question on the European                              
business. So in March, we saw Nokian had restarted facility in Romania. Any 

initial comments on their changing competitive intensity over here? How 
should we think about that? 
 
Gaurav Kumar:     
It's still a start of the plant and in early stages. And I think they  churned out 
the first commercial tyre earlier than that, somewhere around September 
or October of 24. They obviously took a heavy hit with the Russian plant 
going away. Their results are still way below their historical levels also 
reflected that the market expectations have come down. And in a 
greenfield plant, as per our experience, it does take some time for things to 
stabilise and come up.  
 
So one would tend to think that it will still take a few quarters, but they 
continue to remain a peer, which has always been a leader in profitability. 
And hence, we have nothing but great respect for them.  
 
Sushrut Ghalsahi:       Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Sushrut. 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Basudeb. Over to you,  
                                      Basudeb. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
Hi, Gaurav.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Hi, Basu. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
Just a few things on the Capex part. I remember last quarter, you mentioned 
FY'26 Capex outlook of INR 2000 crore. So it's down to INR 1500 crore. So 
10% enhancement in PCR capacity, including Andhra and Hungary and 
maintenance Capex. So what changed this INR 500 crore reduction? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So given the volatility, Basu, we've sort of gone slow as over the last few 
years, we continue to be judicious on the Capex. And we had a few months 
where things were uncertain. And so to a certain extent, we wanted to see 
how things were panning out before continuing the press button on these 
Capexes. And that's resulted in a few hundred crores of the growth Capex 
sort of rolling off into the future years. And that can always be adjusted 
through the year as we see how markets and the situation is. What I'm 
giving you is the current estimate. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
Understood. Basically, slight curtailment in the growth Capex from earlier 
estimate. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Just the pace of it. Not the quantum per se, because it will still take what it 
takes to put up that capacity. 

 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
Sure. And what's the TBR utilisation now in India? 
 
Gaurav Kumar:  
Just one minute. The TBR utilisation is right now at 82%.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
And when do you see requirement of any brownfield TBR from Andhra 
addition next? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Unless there is a sudden big boom in OE, I would say the requirement of 
capacity would be three years away. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
Okay. And what's the current rate of Capex per TPD in radials, be it TBR or 
PCR, which used to be INR 9 crore - INR 10 crore pre-COVID? 
 
Gaurav Kumar:  
It may have gone up with inflation and particularly the inflation in Europe 
has been high.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
Great. And what was the Reifen revenue for fiscal '25? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Just one minute. For fiscal '25, the Reifen revenue was EUR 222 million. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
EUR 222 million. That's great. And last question, if I can chip in, is Kerala 
rubber prices hasn't corrected compared to if we look at international 
natural rubber prices or even crude carbon black, etc. And as you said, we 
are entering lean season very soon. So what kind of flexibility you are 
looking to, say, be flexible in terms of importing rubber, whether importing 
plus logistics plus duties still not worth substituting Kerala sourcing? How 
to look at that? Because with the kind of raw material... 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
This is an ongoing dynamic situation and we keep taking strategic calls 
depending on what sources of rubber we are getting, whether it's Kerala or 
imports. So there's no definitive strategy there. But we obviously look at 
the floor pricing and then plan accordingly. Our rubber inventories are 
really at 7 to 12 days in India. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah. So two weeks plus is typical. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Yeah. So it is very important for us to be out there in the market on a 
dynamic basis and keep on buying wherever we see obviously cheaper 
sources. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
Sure. And as Gaurav initially said, raw material basket would roughly be 
flattish in Q1 over Q4. So benefit of recent crude price, you're saying the lag 
is not going to get reflected in June results. 
 

Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah. So on an overall basis, it is still flattish.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
Sure. Thanks. That's all from me. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Basu. 
 
Aniket Mhatre:             
Thank you. Next question is fr.om the line of Pramod Amthe. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Pramod Amthe:  
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Hi, Pramod. 
 
Pramod Amthe:  
Yeah. Hi. If I look at your standalone balance sheet, the working capital 
seems to be continuously going up for last three years. Now it's almost like 
17% of sales, even though you have reduced the capital intensity of the 
business. What is this leading? Is it indicative of the characteristics of the 
business changing? Or is it more unique to you why it has happened? And 
how are you looking at it next to your point of view to reduce this going 
forward? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So Pramod, one of the results has been that the volatility and the 
erraticness of the supply chains have forced businesses to sometimes carry 
high inventory. There have also been times when due to lack of availability 
we have lost sales, because of taking a little aggressive stance on inventory. 
We've seen that. So that's been compensated for, which you see in terms 
of the higher working capital.  
 
We believe it is not unique to us. It is more a result of the elements that are 
very usual for various businesses. That being said, as Neeraj said earlier, we 
are taking a hard look at the entire supply chain footprint, not just in India, 
but also Europe, to make sure that it is adequate, the cost part of it, but 
most importantly also for how to service the customers in a manner which 
propels growth. 
 
Pramod Amthe:  
Thanks. And the second question is with regard to the global tariff situation 
and FTAs being signed, how are you looking at the demand supply situation 
from U.S. tariff? Does it make a difference for European tyre makers? You 
had your own ambition to feed the U.S. market through Europe. Does it 
change in any way how you look at the global tyre industry? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So the US market, particularly let's talk about passenger car, which is the 
bigger part of business. In terms of the demand, only one third of the 
capacity exists domestically in U.S. So irrespective of the tariff structure, it 
needs very large quantities of imports. Now, once the dust settles and there 

is clarity as to what are the tariffs on different geographies, there may be a 
shift in the competitiveness of the imports coming in from different 
geographies. Still early days and in a way we would say we are fortunate 
that currently the quantum of U.S. business for us is about $100 million in 
a $3 billion revenue. And of that about 40% comes from Europe. 
 
So if the competitiveness of Europe changes, there is an impact. But in an 
overall sense, it's a much smaller impact for us. And right now we are not 
making any moves till we have clarity on this as a reaction to all of this. Also, 
if it's applicable on large parts of the world, what will happen is pricing will 
move up. 
 
Pramod Amthe:  
And is there any collateral damage? Because if Europe is supplying it to U.S. 
and if they are unable to push through the volume, will there be more 
excessive supply in Europe versus required? Or you don't think that scenario 
playing out in the short term? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Again, with some caution, I would say there is not a very large proportion 
of imports into U.S. from Europe. It comes largely from Asia, South America, 
maybe or Mexico, etc. So, would it suddenly result in a big demand capacity 
imbalance in Europe? Unlikely. 
 
Pramod Amthe:  
Thanks a lot. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Pramod. 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Joseph. Please go ahead. 
 
Joseph George:   
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, the question that I had is on the Opex 
line of your standalone P&L. I noticed that it's shot up substantially, I think 
you briefly referred to it in your opening remarks as well. So, when I look at 
the Opex line, it's gone up from about 14% levels a couple of years back to 
almost 17%. I know there are a couple of factors which all of us know, one 
is the EPR provisions and second is the fact that growth has been lowered. 
But are there other cost lines which are sort of which you can think you can 
bring it back and maybe bring this Opex line lower? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Joseph, part of your question was not clear. But what I understood you're 
talking about the Opex line increasing over the last few years.  
 
Joseph George:  
That's correct. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes. So, some of it is, I would say one off and could be curtailed. As a result 
of the changed structure and that settling in, there was higher travel cost 
given the initial alignment requirement. That is something that we are 

looking at and could come under control. There was also higher freight cost, 
which is directly a result of how the whole supply chain part of the business 
has worked.  
 
And more and more, we are coming to the conclusion that while we will 
work very hard on efficiencies and all of that, but fundamentally, costs  have 
moved up. Like, for example, as a parallel example in Europe, while there's 
been some correction on the energy prices, but fundamentally, it's gone up 
from what used to be prevailing four five years back. So, there are some 
one offs which will come off, and there are some fundamental reasons for 
costs moving up. 
 
Joseph George:  
I have a couple of housekeeping questions. One is, you mentioned the 
Reifen EBITDA for the quarter or for the full year? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The Reifen EBITDA for the full year was just below 5%. 
 
Joseph George:  
Okay. And lastly, you mentioned, I mean, there was a question on the tax 
rate, when you move to 25%. For some reason, my screen froze and I 
couldn't hear. If you don't mind, can you please repeat your response to 
that question? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So, that is evaluated every year, Joseph, as to whether we should 
move to the new tax regime, etc. What I understand from our tax team is 
that there is still a certain amount of MAT credit available. And that 
evaluation is done every year, but we may be a couple of years away. 
 
Joseph George:  
Thank you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Joseph. 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
We'll take the next question from Mumuksh. Please go ahead. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Yeah. Hi. Thank you so much for the opportunity. So, firstly, on the Dutch 
plant restructuring, will there be any one-time cost? And what could be the 
cost broadly, sir? 
 
Gaurav Kumar:  
Yeah, there is a one-time cost with such decisions. There is an agreed social 
plan which has been signed with the company. Again, Mumuksh, it is still 
too early. That involves a fairly detailed calculation involving person-by-
person detail to work out the cost. As I mentioned earlier, we should have 
greater clarity for all of you by the next earnings call. 
 

Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Sir, on this quarter, standalone numbers, the other expenses was 
up almost 9% Q-o-Q. Isn't it because last quarter it was a low pace or how 
do you see the run rate going ahead, sir? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
As I mentioned, there are certain one-offs, consultancy charges, higher 
freight, travel costs. Some of it will come down. Some of it is fundamental 
to the business. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. And, sir, can you share how was the volume growth across the 
replacement segments in the PCR, TBR and overall growth for each of the 
segments, sir? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, the truck overall for the quarter was flattish with replacement growing 
at 9% negated by the other. Similarly, passenger car, while the replacement 
growth was mid-single digits, the OEM was a double digit negative which 
resulted in again negating all of that growth. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Thank you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you.  
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Raghunandhan. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Raghunandan N.L.:  
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity again. On the Netherlands business for 
FY25, would it be possible to share how are the financials, revenue, cost, 
gross block, anything you can share at this point? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Raghu, I won't have that readily because we really look at the European 
business as a whole what I am reporting into you. I will have to go back and 
seek some of this information. 
 
Raghunandan N.L.:  
Sure, sir. And in the current quarter for the Europe Operations, the 
reduction in margins on a Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q basis apart from the input cost 
impact, were there any one-offs because margins are on the lower side 
compared to the regular levels? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Absolutely. So, the RM in Europe was up 8%. First, that is what played into 
the margins. And the second factor, there were no one- offs because they 
are below the EBITDA level. We lost out on the operating leverage. 
 
Raghunandan N.L.:  
Got it, sir. And just a last question for the India business, what is your sense 
on the FY25 market share for PCR and TBR? 
 

Gaurav Kumar: 
The market share, Raghu, is now difficult because the industry data is not 
being published. But I would say, looking at the results of the peers, we 
would have lost a little bit of a ground in the replacement, not so much. TBR 
probably matching them, PCR replacement, we would have lost some 
ground, but we would have lost market share in the OE side of things. 
 
 
 
Raghunandan N.L.:  
Got it, sir. Thanks for the opportunity again. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Raghu. 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Naveen. Please go ahead. 
 
Naveen Baid:  
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I'm not sure if this question has been 
answered, but just wanted to check what was the overall volume growth at 
the consol level for the quarter? 
 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Just a minute, Naveen. So, the volume growth in India was flattish. And in 
Europe... 
 
Naveen Baid:  
Hello. Hello. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
In Europe, it was a negative... 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Gaurav, your line is unclear, Gaurav. It's skipping, your Wi-Fi. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I'll just switch off the video.  
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Better.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, in India, the volume growth was flattish for the quarter and in Europe, 
it was negative mid-single digits. 
 
Naveen Baid:  
Thank you. That's helpful. Thank you. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Okay. Thank you. Aniket, can we have the last question, please? 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
We'll take the last question from Joseph. Please go ahead. 
 
Joseph George:  
I have already had my chance. Thank you. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Joseph. 
 

Neeraj Kanwar: 
Okay. I would like to thank each one of you for listening to us patiently. I 
can only assure you that Apollo will be back in a full swing in quarter one 
and FY'26 also. So, good luck to all of us and thank you for joining us. All the 
best. Thank you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
