 
CIN: L27320WB1997PLC084819 
Registered Office: Poddar Point, 10th Floor, 113 Park Street, Kolkata 700016, India 
Corporate Office: Titagarh Towers, 756 Anandapur, E.M Bypass, Kolkata 700107, India 
Phone:+91 33 40190800  Fax: +91 33 40190823 Email: corp@titagarh.in; Web: www.titagarh.in 
 
 
 
6th June, 2025 
 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
The Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532966 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
The Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: TITAGARH 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) - Intimation of Q4 & FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Further to our intimation dated 28th May, 2025 w.r.t. Earnings Call with the Analysts/Investors on the Audited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for Q4 & FY25 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Q4 
& FY25 Earnings Call of Titagarh Rail Systems Limited (‘the Company’) held on Monday, 2nd June, 2025 at 
04:00 P.M. The same can also be accessed on the Company’s website at: 
 
https://www.titagarh.in/storage/report/actual/earnings-call-transcript_02.06.2025.pdf  
 
This disclosure is also being made available on the website of the Company at www.titagarh.in  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
yours faithfully, 
for Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Aditya Purohit 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. as above 
Aditya 
Purohit
Digitally signed by 
Aditya Purohit 
Date: 2025.06.06 
11:44:40 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Titagarh Rail Systems Limited Q4 FY-25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. UMESH CHOWDHARY – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, TITAGARH RAIL SYSTEMS 
LIMITED 
MR. ANIL AGARWAL – DEPUTY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, TITAGARH RAIL SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MR. PRITHISH CHOWDHARY – DEPUTY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, TITAGARH RAIL SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MR. SAURAV SINGHANIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, TITAGARH RAIL SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PRACHI AMBRE – MUFG INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
of Titagarh Rail Systems Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Prachi Ambre from MUFG Investor Relations. Thank 
you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Prachi Ambre: 
Thank you, Pooja. On behalf of Titagarh Rail Systems Limited, I extend a very warm welcome 
to all the participants on Q4 and FY '25 Financial Results Discussion Call. 
Today on the call, we have Mr. Umesh Chowdhary – Vice Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. Anil Agarwal – Deputy Managing Director; Mr. Prithish Chowdhary – Deputy Managing 
Director; and Mr. Saurav Singhania – Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we begin the call, I would like to give a short disclaimer. This call may contain some of 
the forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon our beliefs, expectations and 
opinions as of today. These uncertainties are not a guarantee of our future performance and 
involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Umesh sir for his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. Thank you. 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Thank you, Prachi. A very good afternoon to everybody, and thank you very much for joining 
this Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Earnings Call of Titagarh Rail Systems. It is always indeed a pleasure 
joining this call to share the updates and to get feedback from the investors of the company. 
The year gone by has been pretty much as expected in terms of the freight rail system of the 
company. Although it was the target of the company to stabilize at about 950 to 1,000 wagons 
per month, but unfortunately, due to the shortage of wheelsets in the last 2 quarters, the last 2 
quarters were impacted. And as a result of which, we could not achieve exactly the number of 
wagons that we were wanting to. 
Just to bring everybody up to speed. In the railway board contracts that we get, the wheelsets 
have to be essentially procured from Rail Wheel Factory, Bangalore, and they had some 
problems in terms of access and output of wheels. So right from the Q3 of FY '25, there has been 
a shortage of wheels that has been plaguing the industry. We understand that from the month of 
June, that is the current month, the production of Rail Wheel Factory will get normalized. And 
going forward, this problem should not be existing. 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
However, we are happy to report that FY '25 has been the highest-ever production of wagons 
that our company has seen or the industry, in general, has seen in India. We have produced, in 
FY '25, 9,431 wagons, which, to the best of my knowledge, is the highest produced by any 
company in a single year in the country ever, which in itself is a record. 
In terms of the order book, we have an order book which is, at our targeted production, will see 
us through for this current financial year. And we expect that by the end of the year, the new 
tenders should come up and will give us visibility for the coming years as well. 
In terms of the FRS, the Freight Rail Systems, just to conclude on the other updates, for the 
foundry side, which is very important part of backward integration and ensuring that the costs 
are kept under control, the company has taken up measures to enhance the self-reliability of the 
entire foundry capacity. 
And as a result of this, we have, again, in the foundry, achieved record productions. The 
production numbers have been disclosed. We have produced 27,240 metric tons in the foundry 
this year. And this, in itself, is a record production ever for the company. 
Going forward, in FY '26, we would have completed the expansion of the foundry. We are 
installing completely modern foundry production facilities in both our foundries, and this will 
enhance our production to a substantially higher number. We are targeting, in the first phase, to 
get to around 40,000 tonnes of castings, which we are confident of being able to achieve on a 
monthly run rate basis within the current financial year. 
As far as the passenger rail system is concerned, once again, there were initial teething troubles 
that we faced as we had reported in the past in the setting up of the plant due to initially the 
Chinese visa problems, because a lot of technology transfer as well as equipments were coming 
in from China. 
As well as the Bangalore Metro is a project that we are working and executing with CRRC. The 
project kickoff was delayed. However, the first train for this project was dispatched in December, 
January '25, so that is in the quarter. And thereafter, we have dispatched another train, and now 
the production for the car body and the assembly has started picking up. 
The supply chain problems that were also existing for materials to come in from China have 
gotten resolved. And now we expect that the production for the Bangalore Metro within this 
quarter should get reasonably well streamlined. And from Q2 of FY '26, it will be fully 
streamlined. 
We have started the car body production for the Gujarat Metro, specifically for the Ahmedabad 
Metro as well as for the Vande Bharat in the last couple of months. The Gujarat Metro was 
started in March. And the Vande Bharat has started in April of 2025. We are expecting the first 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
train of Gujarat Metro, that is Ahmedabad Metro, to be done in Q2 of the current financial year. 
And the Vande Bharat is expected in end of Q4 or beginning of Q1 of the next financial year. 
The other great development that we've had is the propulsion division of the business has picked 
up. During the year, we have supplied 636 traction motors as a part of the propulsion and 
Electrical Sub-business unit of the PRS. This being a new division, to have reached a run rate of 
636 in the first year is quite satisfying. We are now targeting to ramp this up to between 125 to 
150 traction motors per month. So that is 1,500 to 1,800 traction motors per month from this 
financial year itself. 
As far as the propulsion is concerned, the prototype set of the EMU propulsion is now ready. It 
is under the final testing and approval of RDSO. We are expecting and are confident that the 
first set of propulsion, which is the EMU propulsion, will be supplied within Q1 of this financial 
year or the beginning of Q2 of the financial year. 
This is, in a nutshell, the business of the PRS. We are quite hopeful and confident that we will 
be able to achieve the run rate of between 20 to 25 cars a month within the financial year. And 
all the facilities are set up, and once the Vande Bharat production also comes in stream, we will 
be able to enhance this to double of that, which we expect to be able to do in FY '27, where our 
target would be to get to a run rate of between 40 to 50 cars per month. 
In terms of the order book pipeline or the tender pipeline in the Metro segment, there are a 
number of tenders where the company has participated, and a number of tenders that are expected 
to be floated. As a matter of policy, we are not speaking about specific tenders or opportunities 
till the results of those are finalized. 
During the year, the company has enhanced its activity in 2 new business areas. One is the SSS, 
which is the Safety and Signaling Systems. This business, while we have taken up as an SBU, 
is working more as a subset of the PRS as well. And we have already started participating in 
tenders where we have gotten qualified for certain safety and signaling systems. And we are in 
the process of further entering into technology tie-ups and joint ventures to enhance our presence 
in the vast scope of business that exists in the safety and signaling systems within the railways 
and the metros. 
And the 4th business segment that we have reembarked upon is the Shipbuilding and Maritime 
Systems, what we call SMS. As you would be aware, the company has been in the shipbuilding 
venture for a while and has very good credentials. 
As a company, we have delivered several marquee projects, including vessels for National 
Institute of Ocean Technology. Some of these vessels had found its way into being one of the 
most coveted vessels, which were included in the presidential fleet review, which is a very 
prestigious thing. 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
The company has also exported, through GRSE, vessels to Guyana under the Indo-Guyanese 
friendship schemes, and has done many warships as in fast patrol vessels for Indian Coast Guard, 
again, along with GRSE. As we speak, the company is delivering several vessels to the Indian 
Navy. 
And considering the trust of the Indian government on attaining Atmanirbharta on their naval 
and the shipbuilding side and the incentives and the focus given in this segment as we had heard 
during the budget of the Honorable Finance Minister earlier this year, the company has 
reembarked on this venture, and has got a land in Falta, which is on the south side of the Howrah 
Bridge, which takes away the impediments that the company used to face in building more 
important or larger vessels as it did not have the air clearance owing to the Howrah Bridge. 
The company is now in the process of revamping that facility or building up on that facility. And 
of course, as was announced a few quarters ago, the company has also constituted a Board-level 
committee to define the strategy or the way forward for the shipbuilding and maritime systems, 
whether it would be part of the parent company or a subsidiary or a strategic joint venture, et 
cetera. We believe that within the next few months, we will be able to finalize and come back to 
the market as to what the final strategy, CAPEX plan and the business plan for the shipbuilding 
and maritime systems would be. 
This is, in a nutshell, the past year and the future year's outlook for the company. And with this, 
I would open up the floor to any questions or any suggestions that might be there. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Balasubramanian A: 
Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunities. Sir, my first question regarding 
signaling systems, who are our global JV partner? And what are the timelines for products and 
approval? And what kind of revenue visibility we can expect over 3 to 5 years? Those are my 
first question, sir. 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Thank you. So this is a new business unit. It will definitely take some time. We have started 
participating in some tenders. We have participated in a particular tender, the results of which is 
still awaited. 
As regard the joint venture partners is concerned, we have different products that we are doing 
in this segment. We are in partnership or in dialogue in some cases with different partners. As 
was announced, we are working with a company called MERMEC in Italy for some of the 
products. There are other companies in different parts of the world for different products that we 
are working on. 
We would not announce any of these on a premature basis. As and when we are able to succeed 
in a particular venture, we will definitely come back and announce to the market, both the exact 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
specific opportunity, which materializes, along with the names and details of the strategic partner 
in that case. As a matter of policy, we would like to be conservative in our approach, not to 
announce something before it is completely finalized. 
Balasubramanian A: 
Okay, sir. Sir, on the traction motor side, I think our revenue is around INR 300 crores. I think 
the opportunity size is around INR 2,000 crores as per the presentation. Like what are the steps 
to tap the opportunity? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
I missed your last part of the question, sir. 
Balasubramanian A: 
On the traction motor side, I think our top line is around INR 300 crores, and the opportunity 
size is mentioned around INR 2,000 crores kind of opportunity size. And like how we are going 
to tap that opportunity? I think we are doing around 100 motors per month. 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Yes. I don't know where you get the revenue number from, but I will just give you about the 
opportunity. The opportunity indeed is quite large. 
As far as how we are tapping the opportunity, as I just mentioned, we have already got into a 
run rate of about 125 traction motors a month. So we are confident of from an average of 50 
motors per month last year, we will be able to increase it to between 125 to 150 motors a month 
this year. But that is only one part of the business segment of the propulsion and electrical. 
Apart from that, once our EMU and MEMU propulsion is approved by the railways, that in itself, 
we have an order book of close to INR 400 crores on that. And there are several tenders in the 
pipeline for that. So we believe that this business, we have been working on this for a while now, 
and we are fully in state of readiness to be able to take off on this business. And within the next 
maybe 2 years or so, we will be fully into this business, and this will be one of the main lines of 
business for us. 
Balasubramanian A: 
Okay, sir. Sir, on that wheelsets planned earlier, a year back, it's estimated around INR 1,300 
crores, INR 1,400 crores. As far as RK Forgings, they mentioned around INR 2,000 crore kind 
of CAPEX is estimated. But the CAPEX, sir, keeps increasing. Because of the delays in the 
plant, and how do you see cost escalation side? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
No, there is no CAPEX delay. Earlier estimation that was given was a very basic estimate. Once 
the project report was finalized, including 2 phases of the project, the cost is what has been 
announced by RKFL. The project is going on pretty much on track and pretty much within the 
budget that was approved in the project report, based on which the project has been taken up. 
Balasubramanian A: 
Okay. Sir, on the wheelsets side, like still we are facing issues. So when we can expect normalcy? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
I'm sorry, I could not hear you again. 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Balasubramanian A: 
Sir, actually the delay in wagon production is because of the wheelsets issues. And when we can 
expect normalcy overall in the industry? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
I already mentioned that in my opening comments, sir, that we understand from the month of 
June, the production of wheelsets will become normalized. 
Balasubramanian A: 
Okay sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. Please go 
ahead.  
Parvez Qazi: 
Hi. Good afternoon, sir, and thanks for taking my question. So my first question is on the wagon 
ordering side. I mean you mentioned that we expect a tender from Indian Railways, maybe 
sometimes towards the end of this year. But wanted to get your views on private sector wagon 
ordering. How has it been? And which are the sectors which are driving private sector wagon 
order? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Yes, hi, Parvez. So the market is aware that there was a moratorium that was put on the wagon 
investment scheme, which has actually dampened the private sector offtake over the last few 
quarters. This moratorium, we believe, should not last for long, because there is a lot of appetite 
from the private sector to buy wagons. And there have been continuous representations. And I 
also believe that it is a win-win situation that the wagon is invested into by the private sector. 
So as of now, the wagon procurement that was happening was primarily on SFTO scheme, which 
is Special Freight Train Operator Scheme, and certain specialized wagons. But the bulk of the 
wagon demand from the private sector will really come once the wagon investment scheme is 
reopened. So we are waiting and seeing if and when the scheme is reopened, which we believe 
will be giving a large flip to the private sector in wagon investment. 
Having said that, we have always maintained as a company that whatever the situation may be, 
80% of the wagons are likely to be procured by the Indian Railways. And that's the reason why, 
as a strategy, we always did not want to put our eggs in a basket, which is not sustainable. And 
we always tried to maintain our order book ratio and our execution ratio in a manner that quarter-
to-quarter apart, we should always have the larger chunk of the dependents and the focus on the 
Indian Railway wagon offtake. 
As a result of that, today, we are in a position where we have at least a good order visibility and 
not dependent only on the private sector. Having said that, private sector is definitely likely to 
come back, and we are waiting for the wagon investment scheme ban or the moratorium to be 
reconsidered by the railways, hopefully, very soon. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Sure. Thanks. Two questions on the Passenger business. One would be great to get an update on 
the Surat Metro. And second, over the medium to long term, what is the kind of annual potential 
in terms of revenues, et cetera, that we see from the Propulsion business? Thank you. 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Sure. So as far as Surat Metro is concerned, these are extension of the 2 projects, which is 
Ahmedabad and Surat actually are extension of Gujarat Metro, 2 projects together, side by side. 
And when I say that the Ahmedabad Metro will start in Q2 of this financial year, it is going to 
be followed immediately thereafter by the Surat Metro. So the trains are going to be supplied in 
tandem of each other. So within this financial year, both these projects will attain their peak 
production and supply. 
As far as the Propulsion business is concerned, to give you a very high-level order of magnitude 
potential and I'm talking about propulsion for sales. That is not propulsion for our own 
consumption. We believe that we can easily look at doing approximately 2,000 traction motors 
a year, which will give us a revenue of about INR 300 crores to INR 400 crores. 
And as far as the EMU/MEMU and other propulsion systems for the railway is concerned, this 
should be another about INR 500 crores, INR 700 crores to INR 1,000 crores. Of course, it will 
take a couple of years, 2 to 3 years, to mature. But outside Propulsion business has a large 
potential, and our capacity that we are building, the capability that we are building is to be able 
to achieve our overall business of close to INR 1,500 crores only on the sales of propulsion. 
Parvez Qazi: 
That's great sir. Thanks and all the best for future. 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Thank you, Parvez. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Koushik Mohan from Ashika Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand one single thing like on the time line, what will be our capacities 
and how many units side we are going to come for wheelset? And when the revenue will start 
reflecting in our books? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Sure. As far as the wheelset is concerned, the contractual delivery is supposed to start from June 
2026, and we are very much well in track to be able to achieve that. I think more details have 
also been given by the other joint venture partner in their call about the wheel plant, and it is 
exactly the same in terms of the revenue ramp-up that has been already shared by them. 
Koushik Mohan: 
And second thing I just wanted to understand, what will be our time lines to deliver one wagon, 
one metro car? How much time line do we take it to get it from 0 to fully manufactured in our 
warehouse? Exactly how much time do we... 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Sir, your voice was breaking up. Can you repeat your question? Your voice broke up.  
Koushik Mohan: 
Yes, sir. Sir, I just wanted to understand, how long will we take to manufacture one car, one 
metro car? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
You mean to say the cycle time? From beginning to end? 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Koushik Mohan: 
Yes, from beginning to end, full from the start to wire harnessing and entire...  
Umesh Chowdhary: 
So it depends upon the different type of cars. There are different configurations that are there, 
and each one of them have a different cycle. 
So if I can just explain to you, probably it will be easier. So after designing is done, then a 
prototype stage is done, then there is controlled series production, and then there is the series 
production. Each one of them have a separate cycle time, which are quite different from each 
other, because there is a learning curve involved. So I will probably just speak about once the 
maturity level is reached, then the total production time, when you start cutting the sheets to the 
time you are able to roll out, the car is considered to be around 60 to 90 days. 
Koushik Mohan: 
60 to 90 days. Okay. Sir. And in this year, how many cars that are we planning to sell? Any 
guidance do we have? Is there any specific number? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
We do not give a specific number as a policy, but I have just mentioned to you that within this 
year, we are looking at ramping up our production to be able to achieve a run rate of between 20 
to 24 cars or 25 cars a month. We should be able to do that by end of the financial year. And by 
that time, it is going to be a ramp-up on a monthly basis. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Got it. Sir, 20 to 25, we are talking about selling? Or is it only with the manufacturing?  
Umesh Chowdhary: 
It's the same. This is a made-to-order product. It's not a made-to-stock product. So we only 
produce when we have the orders. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Got it, sir. Got it. And any new development in Bangalore Metro, sir? Are we having any new 
developments in Bangalore Metro? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
New developments as in? 
Koushik Mohan: 
Sir, because recently, there was one announcement by Bangalore Metro telling on their Yellow 
line that has been delayed by 3 months. So I just wanted to understand, is it affecting us? Or like 
what was this announcement came from Bangalore Metro? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
I have not read the announcement, so I cannot comment upon that. But as far as we are 
concerned, our production is going on. There were some hiccups in the beginning, because as 
we have already informed, this is a contract where we are doing only the manufacturing. The 
material comes in as a free supply from CRRC. And there were some challenges to get the 
materials on time from CRRC. Now things have gotten streamlined, and now the production is 
happening as we are expecting them to happen. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Thanks, sir. I will get back in the queue. 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amay Sharda from Purnartha Investment Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Amay Sharda: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just had 2 questions. One was regarding the Passenger segment. 
I think the margins in this quarter have been low as compared to previous quarter. Any reason 
for that? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
I think the margins have been better, sir, in this quarter, if I am correct. We have an EBITDA 
margin of about 10% in this quarter. So in fact, it's a positive trend. From 9.44%, it has gone up 
to 10.4%. 
Amay Sharda: 
So speaking specifically for Passenger segment, I think they have been reduced from 9% to 3% 
or 4%. 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
I do not know which slide are you referring to. If you refer to Slide 15, it will be clear. 
Amay Sharda: 
Okay. I will do that, sir. Second was regarding the Titagarh Firema audit qualification that was 
there in the results. Can you explain that? Like what can be the maximum impact we can expect 
for that? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
So as far as Titagarh Firema is concerned, first, I would like to clarify whatever has been 
mentioned in the notes to our accounts, it is a situation which is still developing. We still do not 
have clarity as to which way the situation is going to develop. But we are watching the situation 
with great care and caution. Whatever was the investment made, a substantial part of it was 
already earlier provided for in our books. And the balance, whatever is the potential noncash 
loss that is possible, has been quantified in our annual accounts. 
Amay Sharda: 
Got it. Just to confirm the maximum impairment, if at all, we can expect will be to the tune of 
book value of the investment in our books, right? Nothing more than that? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
That's right. 
Amay Sharda: 
Okay, sure. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Mukherjee from SKP Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Sandeep Mukherjee: 
Thank you for taking my question. Sir, what could be our shipbuilding revenue for FY '25? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
As you can make out from the investor presentation, we do not disclose this as a separate revenue 
segment, sir. 
Sandeep Mukherjee: 
Okay, sir. So my next question is in the opportunity pipeline, you have mentioned that propulsion 
system has an opportunity pipeline of INR 2,000 crores. So is this including traction motor? So 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
can we understand it like you will be delivering it in a kit basis, which includes traction motor, 
TCMS and traction converter? Or sir, traction motor is separate from this? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
They are both unique to each other. There is the traction motors also that are separate. And then 
if we go into the details of this, it will be becoming too technical in nature for this kind of a call. 
But the configuration of propulsion systems are made into different segments, and this is a 
combination. So I would rather stay with the financial outlook of this rather than getting into the 
technical nitty-gritties of it. And it is a combination of all the items that you mentioned, which 
is propulsion, traction motor, TCMS, et cetera. 
Sandeep Mukherjee: 
Okay, sir. And my next question is like you have mentioned in the opportunity pipeline that 
metro coaches contract is opportunity pipeline of INR 15,800 crores, and Vande Bharat coaches 
is INR 72,000 crores. So this is the opportunity pipeline for the private sector? Or is that 
something that ICF is also included in it, ICF also produces Vande Bharat and metro coaches, if 
I'm not wrong? So does this opportunity pipeline include the government part also? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Opportunity is, in general, we do not still know in case the railway decides to get some of these 
manufactured in government sector. But normally, we are expecting that this is the kind of 
business. At least as far as the metro is concerned, it only comes to the private sector, and we 
expect this is the business that should come to the private sector. But then, of course, government 
policy is something that we do not have the visibility and the control to comment upon. 
Sandeep Mukherjee: 
Understood sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Bhandari from Nakoda Engineers. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Hello, good afternoon, sir. Sir, our main production items are wagons, propulsion system, 
traction, metro rails, Vande Bharat and wheels. Sir, in financial year, '26, '27 and '28, what kind 
of turnover we can expect, sir? Total. 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
We cannot give any forward-looking guidance in terms of turnover. What we shared and what 
we can share with you is what is the company's capacity for the different segments. 
Rajesh Bhandari:  
Yes. From Capacity point of view. Okay, right from capacity point of view. 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
So as far as the segments are concerned, the Freight Business segment, we have a capacity of 
doing 12,000 wagons a year, which if we look at just extrapolating the sales number can give us 
a potential revenue of around INR 4,000 crores, INR 4,500 crores.  
As far as the Passenger segment is concerned, the 3 years are going to completely give a different 
story as we are in the process of ramping up. You can see it in the Investor Presentation how we 
are ramping up our production capacity.  

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
So let me speak about the Coach production capacity at peak. Coach, I mean Vande Bharat and 
Metro, on an average, gives us around INR 10 crores per coach of revenue. So that is the kind 
of capacity that we are creating in terms of the coach production. And the propulsion, I have 
already spoken about. 
So all the 3 segments that we have, which is the Wagon segment, propulsion and the Coach 
segment, all 3 of them are being scaled up to be one of, if not the largest capacities in the country. 
And of course, depending upon a host of other factors, that is the overall market demand, the 
buoyancy of the country's growth, et cetera, we should be in a leadership position for all of them. 
As far as the wheels is concerned, again, we have already mentioned, it's a joint venture between 
ourselves and Ramakrishna Forgings. And the overall capacity that has been created there is for 
about 220,000 wheels per year, out of which, 80,000 wheels is on a guaranteed offtake basis by 
the Indian Railways. So that, on a ballpark number, each wheel sells for about INR 1 lakh or 
some lakh plus/minus 10%. So that's the kind of capacity that we are creating for the wheel 
venture. I hope that answers your question. 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Yes. Sir, this 20,000 order for wheels, that is only the Titagarh part or with RK Forgings, INR 
20,000 crores. 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
No, the order is about INR 14,000 crores, and that is for the company. That is not Titagarh's part. 
In our investor presentation, we have mentioned about our share of the joint venture. As you can 
see it in one of the pages of the order book where our share of joint venture is mentioned. This 
is on page... 
Moderator: 
Sir, sorry to interrupt you, but we request you to rejoin the queue for follow up question. 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Only last question.  
Moderator: 
Sir, you can join back the queue as there are other participants waiting for their turn. Thank you. 
The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Hello. Good evening, sir. Thank you for taking my question. So a lot of my questions have been 
answered, but I got dropped in the call in the between, so I had to rejoin the queue. So just wanted 
to know, from an order book perspective, I think we have around INR 11,000 crores for our 
company itself. And I think around INR 13,000 crores in the JV. So just wanted to know the 
execution time line for those, sir? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
So each of the order has a separate execution, and I will speak about our company's orders. The 
freight wagon, the FRS segment orders primarily have about approximately a 1-year execution, 
whereas the Passenger segment has a longer execution, particularly on the Vande Bharat. As far 
as the JV is concerned, both the service as well as the wheel JV both have a longer-term 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
execution. So the execution of these contracts they cannot be clubbed up in one basket. They're 
all very different in terms of their time lines. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Fair enough, Sir. And just wanted to know, I think the railway, I think a new order, which should 
come in some time. So any kind of conversation that we're hearing when the new tender will 
come, obviously, it's all speculation, but any rough time line that you all are anticipating or 
preparing we foresee something coming up soon or maybe first half, second half? Anything you 
could just comment on, Sir? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
See as you're very rightly yourself commented that commenting anything will be speculative 
and we would not like to indulge in that. But the railways have set up their target of achieving a 
3 billion tonne of growth on one side. On the other side, the Gati Shakti program of the 
Honorable Prime Minister very clearly defined that the logistics cost of India has to be brought 
down as a percentage of the GDP in order, now we are already the 4th largest economy, which 
is a great development for us as Indians. 
And in order to now jump and get to the third largest economy, which I believe is just an arm 
length away, we will have to improve upon our cost efficiency, and one of the most lowest 
hanging fruit and essential cost efficiency measures that can be adopted and targeted is the 
logistics cost, for which enhance railway movement of goods and commodities is must. So 
having said that, we cannot speak about discussions or speculative, but it is our estimate and our 
belief that the growth in the Railway segment or the Railway Cargo segment, should also 
continue. And being a market leader, being one of the most front runners and being prepared for 
this enhanced growth, we should be in a good pole position to be able to be a part of this growth. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Fair enough. Yes. No, I thought, Sir was saying something. And just like on the something 
different part maybe...  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, but we request you to rejoin the queue for follow-up question.  
The next question is from the line of Raj Patel from RK Securities. Please go ahead. 
Raj Patel: 
So considering the production challenge and the segmental revenue fluctuation observed in FY 
'25, how does the management view the outlook for quarter 1 FY '26, especially should we 
anticipate a meaningful improvement in execution compared with quarter 1 FY '25, particularly 
in relation to FRS and Metro deliveries? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Thank you, sir. I have already mentioned that the wheelset problem that was there that was 
playing in the industry continues in the first part of Q1 FY '26 as well. The production of 
wheelset started from today, as a matter of fact, in Rail wheel factory as we are informed in the 
line that was shut. So, we expect that from the month of June, the production should pick up, 
and therefore, normalcy, if I can call it normalcy, should attain from this month onwards. 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
There has been a shortage of wheelset in the earlier parts of the quarter as is very well known 
and is in public domain. The metro production is picking up, and it is continuously going to pick 
up, and we will achieve the targeted production, as I mentioned, by the end of this financial year. 
Raj Patel: 
Okay. And my next question was, we understood that a recent tender was floated for the Nagpur 
Metro project. So has Titagarh participated in this bid? And if so, could you please provide us 
insight on the scope of the project and the competitive landscape? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Number one, Titagarh is participating in every single metro project that comes up in the country. 
So, there would be no metro project where we would not be interested and we will not be 
participating. 
Secondly, the Nagpur project is still on the tender phase. So, it is not yet finalized or the tender 
has not been submitted as of yet. 
Raj Patel: 
Okay. That was all from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Gupta from RT Investment. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Gupta: 
My first question is, could you provide an update on the timeline for achieving the targeted run 
rate of 1,200 wagons per month? And based on current production trends and operational 
readiness, is there any revised guidance or internal milestone the company is working towards? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
As far as the company is concerned, we have already touched on a number of occasions, 1,000 
wagons per month. The overall wagon capacity is calibrated also on the overall business 
opportunity available.  
As far as the company is concerned, it is also ready to ramp up and get to 1,200 wagons per 
month, but we shall be only doing that once we see sustainable business demand in terms of the 
business outlook, and that would also happen once the new tender of the railways is finalized. 
But I can confirm that particularly with the expansion of the foundry that we are going to bring 
on stream within this financial year, we are, as a company, ready to ramp up our production 
should the market support us in terms of adequacy of volumes to produce 1,200 wagons a month. 
Ravi Gupta: 
Understood, sir. Sir, my next question is, what is the management's outlook on revenue growth 
and EBITDA margin performance for the upcoming quarter in FY '26 as a whole? And are there 
any updated targets or internal benchmarks that can be shared? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Unfortunately, internal targets cannot be shared. Whatever could have been shared has already 
been shared in our investor presentation. So, I apologize, we'll not been able to share any further 
numbers apart from that. 
Ravi Gupta: 
All righ, sir. Thank you. That's all from my side. 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Rajesh Bhandari from Nakoda 
Engineers. Please go ahead.  
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Thank you sir for giving the opportunity. I just wanted to know how our projected turnover like 
for wagons you said, INR 4,500 crores per year, 12,000 wagons. For Metro and for Vande 
Bharat, what is our kind of capacity total? 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
As I have already mentioned that in our first phase, it is there in the investor presentation also. 
In the first phase, which we are expecting, since you were asking from a timeline of 2027-28, so 
we are targeting to achieve a target of 800 to 850 cars per annum, and about 200 to 250 traction 
motors per month. So about 3,000 traction motors per month. 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Sir, like you said, 850 cars, INR 10 crores per car means INR 8,500?  
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Your maths is better than mine. I need a calculator. 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Yes, yes, yes. This was my main question. Right, sir. 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Thank you, sir. 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we'll take this as a last question. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Umesh Chowdhary: 
Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody, for joining the call and wishing us with very 
interesting and very kind of thought-provoking questions. But to sum up, I would say that this 
year, FY '26, is going to be a very critical year for the company. It is going to be a transformative 
year. I would say FY '26 and then FY '27 are 2 very, very critical transformative years for the 
company, because historically, as also was the name of the company was a wagon company. 
Wagon is a stable commoditized business.  
The Passenger Rail segment that we have is a big upgrade on technological competence, is a big 
upgrade on value addition that we are doing, which is very reflective of the fact that one wagon, 
which weighs approximately or which volumes approximately the same as the passenger coach 
sells at between INR 35 lakh to INR 40 lakh, whereas one passenger coach of the same volume 
sells at INR 10 crores. So that is the kind of technological or the difference in intricacies and 
complexities that exist. 
And for Titagarh, this year, it's going to be year where we will transform the passenger rail 
system into the next level, and FY '27 is going to be the year where the Vande Bharat and the 
Metro simultaneously will start production at full capacity. So, these 2 years are going to be 
transformational for the year. At the same time, we are very bullish on the shipbuilding and 
maritime systems, which we are relaunching. 

 
Titagarh Rail Systems Limited 
June 2, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
We believe that in the years to come, this is something that is going to be a very important part 
of the group's strategy. And of course, not having taken or not taking away the importance that 
the Wagon business continues to have for us, which is our bread and butter business. We believe 
these 2 new businesses, along with the safety and signaling systems, which is going to be 
primarily on the business development stage over the next 1 or 2 years. I don't expect that to get 
reflected into our P&L, but more into our order book, is going to cast the way for the years to 
come.  
The company is fully prepared for all these segments and is very excited. And the government 
of India has continued to give a big focus on infrastructure, particularly on mobility and urban 
mobility. We have seen a number of announcements of projects, whether it is for metro, whether 
it is for local trains like Mumbai Local or Vande Bharat, et cetera. And we are very excited and 
very honored and very privileged to be in this industry in this time of growth of the country. 
So, thank you very much for the support from everybody, and we look forward to reporting 
substantive progress particularly the PRS during this financial year. Thank you very much, and 
have a great year ahead. 
Management: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Titagarh Rail Systems Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
