 
 
formerly known as Laxmi Dental Export Private Limited 
Registered Office: 103, Akruti Arcade, Opposite A H Wadia High School, Near Azad Nagar Metro Station, Andheri (West), Mumbai –400058. 
Tel: 022 61437991 | Email: info@laxmidentallimited.com | Website: www.laxmidentallimited.com 
CIN No: L51507MH2004PLC147394 | GST No: 27AABCL0001A1ZL 
 
 
 
Date: May 30, 2025 
 
To, 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 544339 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, “G” Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: LAXMIDENTL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Re: LAXMI DENTAL LIMITED - ISIN: INE0WO601020 
 
Sub: - Submission of the Transcript of the Q4FY25 Earnings Conference Call of Laxmi Dental Limited (“Company”). 
 
Further to our letters dated May 21, 2025, May 27, 2025, and pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 (read with 
clause 15 of Para A, Part A, Schedule III) of the Securities and Exchange Board sof India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), we are enclosing the Transcript 
of the ‘Q4FY25 Earnings Conference Call’ (i.e., Post Earnings/Quarterly Call), organized by Investec Capital Services 
(India) Private Limited on Tuesday, May 27, 2025 at 11:00 A.M. (IST), wherein, inter-alia, the audited financial results 
of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025, were discussed.  
 
The aforementioned transcript of the ‘Q4FY25 Earnings Conference Call’ (i.e., Post Earnings/Quarterly Call) is also 
uploaded on the Company’s website i.e. www.laxmidentallimited.com. 
 
We request you to take the above on record and treat the same as compliance under the applicable provisions of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Laxmi Dental Limited 
(Formerly Known as Laxmi Dental Export Private Limited) 
 
 
 
 
--------------------------------------------------- 
Nupur Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
Membership Number: A43768 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NUPUR JOSHI
Digitally signed by NUPUR 
JOSHI 
Date: 2025.05.30 18:00:39 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Laxmi Dental Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 27, 2025 
 
“E&OE – This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on 
the stock exchange on May 27, 2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH KHAKHAR – CHAIRPERSON AND WHOLE-
TIME DIRECTOR – LAXMI DENTAL LIMITED 
 
MR. SAMEER MERCHANT – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – LAXMI DENTAL 
LIMITED 
 
MR. DHARMESH DATTANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – LAXMI DENTAL LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANSHUMAN GUPTA – INVESTEC CAPITAL 
SERVICES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY25 Conference Call of Laxmi Dental 
Limited, hosted by Investec Capital Services India Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anshuman Gupta from Investec Capital Services. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Anshuman Gupta: 
Thank you very much and good day, everyone. I'm Anshuman Gupta from Investec. I cover 
pharma and healthcare here. Welcome all of you to Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference 
Call of Laxmi Dental Limited. From the management side, we have with us today, Mr. Rajesh 
Khakhar, Chairperson and Whole-Time Director, Mr. Sameer Merchant, Managing Director and 
CEO, and Mr. Dharmesh Dattani, CFO.  
I would like to hand over the conference call to Mr. Rajesh for his opening remarks and we will 
then open the floor for Q&A questions. So over to you, Rajesh, sir. 
Rajesh Khakhar: 
Thank you so much, Anshuman, for the introduction. Good morning, everybody. A warm 
welcome to all of you and thanks for joining our Earnings Call. On this call, we are joined by 
our MD and CEO, Sameer Merchant, CFO, Dharmesh Dattani and strategic growth advisors, 
our investor relations advisors. The results and the presentations are uploaded on the stock 
exchange and company website. I hope everybody has had a chance to look at them. 
To start with, I would like to highlight about a global dental event which took place in Germany 
in March, the International Dental Show, IDS. It is a premier dental event held once every two 
years, showcasing the latest innovations and products in the dental industry. We have always 
been a regular participant in IDS events and this time around; I am proud to share with you that 
Laxmi Dental Limited had three booths in this event.  
It was very impactful from a business development perspective. Each of our business showcased 
their product to global dentists, dental labs, dental companies and distributors who came from 
all over the world. It is also a great learning platform as we explore latest technologies and 
innovative products which can be added to our portfolio. 
We are proud to be the only Indian listed company from the main board to representing India in 
this event. We are a growth-focused company, continue to see financial performance improving 
year after year. FY25 was no exception, delivering highest ever revenues and profits at INR239 
crores and INR32 crores respectively. 
In terms of our quarterly results, despite some aberrations which featured in our Q4 results, we 
were able to meet our guidance share in the previous quarter. During the quarter, we generated 
revenue of INR61 crores with an adjusted EBITDA of INR12.4 crores, including our share of 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
profit in Kids-e-Dental, ESOP expenses, expenses pertaining to IDS which happened once in 
two years. The details for this are available on Slide number 6 of the investor presentations. 
Sameer will cover a bit more details on this. As a company with a strong balance sheet positive 
after the IPO, we are focused on accelerated growth in line with our long-term objectives. 
Digitalization is the way to go in industry in dentistry and we are investing in the scanner to be 
able to deploy it aggressively across our dental partners. 
During the year, our digital penetration increased to 64% from 49%. Further, we are also looking 
at select inorganic growth opportunities to enhance our capabilities and reach. Frugality is an 
inherent part of our DNA and shall very much resonate with our inorganic growth plans. 
On the ending note, from my side, we have had a good start to the year and aim maintaining this 
growth momentum. Now, I will request Sameer to give out some more facts about our business 
performance during the quarter. Thank you. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Hi, good morning everyone. Anshuman, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. You are. Please go ahead.  
Sameer Merchant: 
Great. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Anshuman. Thank you, Rajesh bhai. 
Let me begin our discussion with the business mix for the year. So, the domestic business grew 
by around 22%, contributing two-thirds of our revenue. However, the international business 
grew by 26%, contributing the remaining one-third of our revenue.  
In terms of our product offerings, dental laboratory business grew by 19% and constituted 62% 
of the revenues. We have included the sales of scanners in this business as this is largely driven 
by our long-term goal of increasing our digital penetration, as Rajesh bhai mentioned that during 
the year, our digital penetration increased to 64% from 49%.  
Aligner Solutions revenue grew by 41% and contributed 32% of the revenue. The balance 
revenue came from our other businesses. Our Kids-e-Dental business delivered a revenue of 
INR26 crores with the EBITDA of INR15.5 crores and PAT of INR12 crores during the year. I 
am happy to share with you that recently we have got a regulatory clearance to go ahead for 
Singapore, and this is just the beginning and we are very confident to get green signals from 
many other countries soon. 
We will keep you posted on the same. The dental industry is continuously evolving space and 
are very well positioned for faster uptake as a result of increasing awareness and discretionary 
spending by the customers towards appearance-related products and services. And just like every 
other industry, AI is gaining prominence in our walk of business too.  
We are looking at adding AI capabilities to our portfolio to increase productivity, enhance the 
experience of our dentists as well as of our customers. We see the dentists as a major enabler for 
our goal and we have been actively investing in our brand-building campaigns to reach out to 
our end customers.  

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Quarter 4 of FY25 was a lumpy quarter like I had mentioned in terms of our promotional 
expenses with approximately 45 lakhs of expenses towards the IDS Germany dental show which 
happens only once in two years. Going ahead on a full year basis, our A&P can be taken at 
approximately 5% of the sales.  
I want to emphasize that these are viewed as investments towards brand-building which yield 
long-term benefits with enhanced brand visibility and a recall while also supporting our long-
term growth strategy. In line with this, we felt it's prudent to associate ourselves with the IPL 
which we did in this quarter, a household sporting brand with powerful regional loyalty. 
Cricket is the most important religion in this country. So, we took that innovative marketing to 
have broad reach and more importantly high youth engagement and a great brand recall. Taking 
a minute to update on the capex. Post our participation in the IDS dental show in Germany, we 
have identified some machine equipment with cutting-edge technologies along with intraoral 
scanners and have placed orders for the same in this quarter. 
With a continuous focus towards brand and capability-building, we are looking at increasing the 
wallet share with existing dental partners, adding new dentists and expanding our geographical 
reach. I would like to say thank you and now I hand over to CFO, Dharmesh Dattani. 
Dharmesh Dattani: 
Good morning everyone. Hi Anshuman, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please go ahead. 
Dharmesh Dattani: 
Thank you, everyone. Allow me to talk you through our financial performance. Let me give you 
a glance at our consolidated financial performance during quarter 4 of FY25. Revenue from 
operations rose by 10.2% to INR61 crores from INR55 crores on year-on-year basis. Gross 
margin stood at 78.7 percentage in the quarter and it increased by a percentage point compared 
to last year Q4.  
This is largely due to the product mix. Employee cost, which is a major cost in our business, 
stood at INR26 crores (Please read this as INR 24.4 crores). It includes ESOP expenses of 
INR1.75 crores. Other expenses include additional A&P costs for IDS, which Sameer explained 
in his opening remarks. We will book IPL-related costs in FY26. The company reported an 
EBITDA of around INR9.5 crores for the quarter.  
For better comparability, one can look at the adjusted EBITDA, which includes recorded 
EBITDA plus 60% of the incidental PAT, plus IDS event expenses and ESOP expenses. This 
stood at INR12.4 crores. Our finance cost was INR1.3 crores, which decreased on year-on-year 
basis. We plan to further bring down our tax.  
As a result, we expect a considerable reduction in our finance cost from Q1 FY26. PAT for the 
quarter stood at INR4.3 crores. Now coming to FY25 performance. For FY25, the company 
reported revenue from operations of INR239 crores up 23.5 percentage compared to INR194 
crores in the previous year. EBITDA stood at INR42 crores, a strong year-on-year growth of 
75.8 percentage. 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Adjusted EBITDA stood at INR52 crores. PAT grew by 26.7 (please read it as 26.2%) 
percentage year-on-year to INR32 crores and PAT margin for the year was 13.4 percentage 
(please read it as 13.3%). Currently, our debt-to-equity ratio stands at 0.06. With this, we 
conclude our opening remarks and open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. We will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question comes from the line of Nikhil Mathur from HDFC Mutual 
Funds. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Hi, good morning, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. My first question is on growth 
in the laboratory business. In 4Q, the domestic business has grown or rather de-grown by 14% 
and the overall FY25 growth is only 8%. So, can you just highlight what's happening in the 
domestic laboratory business? Is there some competitive intensity or something else that is 
playing out here, which is dragging the growth here? 
Sameer Merchant: 
So, on the lab side, like I said while the domestic, you have seen an X percentage. We would 
like to say that we see it as an overall scenario and especially in the last two quarters or maybe 
one quarter, if you see two quarters starting today with this tariff situation in the US, we have 
really managed to be there, make sure that the tariff has not affected the international operations 
on our side.  
And the overall lab business, when you combine the domestic and international, they both have 
shown good growth as compared to just the domestic part. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
No, I was talking more for the domestic piece. I mean, why is the domestic piece lagging on 
growth? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Like I said on our side, I would say that moving forward, we have put all the strategies in place 
in terms of whether you talk about digitization, whether you talk about just branding that we did 
with the IPL that we just finished or we'll just finish in the next couple of weeks. We are 
confident that will start seeing momentum as we move forward because the last year's goal was 
how soon and fast can we digitize. 
And that is what we have done in a limited way, in a frugal way with what money we had. Since 
now, post the IPO, we have all the resources available on our side. We have just started 
deploying that digitization process and the geographical reach both within this quarter. And I'm 
sure we will see results in this coming year. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Understood. And in terms of the tangible benefits of the conference in Cologne that you're 
talking about, will it be more visible in the laboratory business or in the aligner solutions 
business? And how, I mean, do you have some concrete visibility that growth will accelerate 
post this event? 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Sameer Merchant: 
Absolutely. Whenever we have done this event, even in the past we have seen very good results. 
And, in fact, this time like Rajesh bhai mentioned, we had three booths. We had one booth for 
the laboratory, one booth for aligners and one booth for Kids-e-Dental. So we actually have seen 
great leads which have come in from multiple countries across the world who have reached out 
to us. 
And we have started processing all three different businesses. And we expect that within this 
year, we will see good results in all three categories. And this momentum will keep carrying 
forward for the next two years because some registration takes three months once we have 
products and services that we want to sell. Some may take slightly higher, but we are definitely 
very excited about the IDS.  
This is the first time we had a full-blown IDS post-COVID. Because post-COVID, it didn't 
happen. After that, it happened in 2021, 2022, which was a very curtailed version of it. But this 
was the first full-fledged conference we had. And we are very excited internally about how the 
leads will pan out and how the results will happen in this financial year. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Got it. Understood. My second set of questions is on the margin front. So, what I have seen is 
that the mix in FY25 has shifted towards aligner solutions by almost 4 percentage points. And 
your gross margin has improved by almost 100 bps. So, let's assume that over the next 3 years, 
4 years, if your aligner business continues to grow faster than the laboratory business, can your 
gross margins continue to move up? Is that the right way of looking at it? 
Sameer Merchant: 
I think we believe that there is a constant drive, not just on the aligner side, but even on the 
laboratory side. So, if you see at an overall level, the laboratory margins have also improved. 
And that is the goal moving forward. I spoke about the digitization. I spoke about introducing 
AI to our product portfolio.  
I think both of them blended will improve the margins probably in all directions, not just in one 
direction. Some may be faster, some may be slightly higher. But the improvement, what we see 
as management, this should happen across the board. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Any quantification here? I mean, let's say you reported EBITDA margin of 18%. Obviously, 
there are adjustments. If you add back or remove ESOP expenses and all? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Correct, then it's about 21%. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Yes, but if I'm taking 18% of the reported margin, any quantification guidance for FY26-27 that 
you would want to highlight? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Like Rajesh bhai said, we did the highest level last year Nikhil. So, based on that, we are very 
confident that the only path is moving forward. We have just started, like I said, till March. If 
you see, we haven't deployed a lot of cash. We just made the repayment to debt. And all the 
equipment or machinery that we wanted to buy, we had to wait for IDS because an event which 
happens once in two years, we wanted to make sure that we see all the best technologies and 
take the right decision for Laxmi Dental.  

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
And we have done that in this quarter. So, we have just started deploying. I think as we plan out 
the next couple of quarters, we will start seeing those results. And for us, we are very confident 
of moving only forward from what we have achieved. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
So, we can continue to expect expansion by, let's say, some percentage points of the next 2 years, 
3 years, right? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Absolutely. There is no doubt in our mind that we are really well positioned for growth. We 
have the capital and we also have the capability to make sure that we carry this momentum of 
growth forward. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Sure. And like Rajesh Bhai said, we always keep saying that there is a population of INR140 
crores, and there are 32 teeth. So, I think dentistry is here to stay and we will make sure we 
contribute well to it. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Absolutely, sir. Thank you so much. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Thank you, Nikhil. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mahesh Attal from Attal Investment Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Mahesh Attal: 
Hi, sir. My question would be more on. See, I am very fairly new to the company, but I am 
failing to understand a company of our stature, which is -- we have been in the industry, why 
are we not able to achieve the margins whatever, other competitors are able to get? Maybe we 
are at very, benign margins right now. And where do you think next year or maybe a couple of 
years down the line you would be able to take the margins towards? 
 
I am talking about more of EBITDA margins. So, if you could guide us on -- I have no doubt on 
the revenue side, because that's a very large market you are having and which is yet to be 
covered. I am more worried on what margins you would be taking your business on? So, if you 
could throw some light on that? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Hi, I missed you somewhere in between because the volume went up and down. But if I get the 
gist of the question, is the revenue side, you see no doubt, but you spoke about the margin side. 
Am I correct? 
Mahesh Attal: 
Yes, yes. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Great. So, if you see on our side, having last year when we were on the full-fledged roadshow 
for an IPO, we were managing with very frugal cash that we had. If you see, if you take out the 
ESOPs that we said we are at about 21% EBITDA. 
 
And the only way from here which we have clearly said that we have just started deploying cash, 
we have just started putting efforts of 48% digitization to 60% plus digitization and moving 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
forward, our goal is to go towards 90%-95%, hopefully 100% digitization. Like in the aligner 
category, we are at almost 99% digitization. 
 
We just want to make sure the other categories also follow and with those capital spend that we 
are going to do and how we are shaping up in the future in terms of all of our different product 
timelines with some registration clearance for a couple of businesses that I spoke that we just 
got Singapore, we are going to get other countries as well. 
 
We have no doubt in our mind that the margin will improve as we keep moving forward. And 
that's the only part that we see because this is, if you see post-COVID, this is the first full year 
where we have capital at our deployment as well as all the capabilities that we have taken all the 
hard work of last 5 years to build and now build momentum on that. 
Mahesh Attal: 
What is the total value of aligners in the revenue that we have done for last year? 
Sameer Merchant: 
The aligners revenue is INR77 crores total of the aligners solutions. 
Mahesh Attal: 
So out of INR239 crores it's INR77 crores is aligned, right? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Correct. 
Mahesh Attal: 
And where do you see this number or any guidance that you would like to give? 
Sameer Merchant: 
I think, I would love to but like I said, we have just started deploying we just came back from 
IDS we finished our IPO 7 months we were travelling constantly we had 3 exhibitions that we 
attended, let's give it some time but on a simple side we have done phenomenal last year we 
achieved the highest ever revenue we achieved the highest ever EBITDA we achieved the 
highest ever PAT and the only way forward is how we are able to increase this to the next step. 
That's the only part that we are seeing. 
Mahesh Attal: 
Alright, that's fair enough. Now sir I would like to talk about the competitive picture of this 
aligners segment. So there is one competitor of ours who did lot of marketing before we came 
into marketing stuff which was Toothsi. So now you must have done some what is the market 
that they enjoy and what is the market that we are having currently coming to domestic market? 
 
And where do you want to -- how are you taking on the competition into this particular thing 
because everyone would like to take a larger share so how are you trying to surpass your 
competition in this area? 
Sameer Merchant: 
I think there are multiple plans that we have done, happy to share but I think the primary thought 
that you should or everyone should understand that the name that you spoke of, they are a direct 
to consumer brand. So it's very different than what we are doing, we are a brand which is led by 
dentist. 
 
And the difference there of what we have created in fact if you see, I am sure if you have heard 
the name you should see the other details we are on our side extremely profitable aligner 
company while if you see of all the other people they are really having issues with their 
profitability. 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
And one of the core reasons for that is our name which is there since so many years in the market 
so the dentist who are trusting Illusion for their Zirconia, Illusion for their crown and bridge, 
Illusion for their other products they really welcomed our aligner category and from INR4 crores 
we have done almost 10x to like I said we have increased the revenue tremendously since the 
past 3, 3.5 years of our launch. 
 
In fact we just started our IPL campaign as well to create more awareness for our product 
category where we not only just spoke about the aligners, we spoke about the Zirconia as we 
believe being a more end to end integrated dental company a more holistic dental company than 
just a one brand company that's the whole part. 
 
And we like I said we work with the experts directly which are the dentist and the orthodontist 
and not directly with the patient. So there is a lot of difference to what they are doing and we are 
doing our goal is simple, trust is tremendous when a dentist sends a patient case to Illusion the 
trust factor is what we have built across 2, 3 decades, that is what we know that if we send a case 
to this organization it is here to stay and that is what our goal is. 
 
We think like a startup brand or someone that we have built for 100 years, that is what the 
philosophy internally is that we build a brand which survives 100 years not just a brand which 
is a very short term thought process that's how we always think. 
Mahesh Attal: 
That's a great strategy, sir. Now, what I want to know here is that, let's say I as someone who's 
having some issues with my teeth, I just go to orthodontist and -- there are two options available 
to me on table. Now why would I choose your brand over the other brand? That is what my 
question was. Is it pricing friendly? Is it like any added thing that you are giving maybe the 
service side or maybe something that apart from the doctor's recommendation? 
Sameer Merchant: 
So when you visit a dentist, currently what we have mentioned our coverage of about 22,000 
dentists and while we growing that coverage, India has 3 lakh dentists. So if you land up at 
dentists who are using our products among the 22,000, they will give an option and we have 
created a great brand. 
 
It's also a great value proposition of the brand as compared to the others. And at the same time, 
one of our key features against an international brand is pay as you go as well, where as a patient 
if you want to pay in 12 months there is no Bajaj Finance that you need. 
 
There is no financing from the dentist we can deliver the aligner every week or every 2 weeks 
as and when it's required for you to also create a market which probably didn't exist before, if 
you see it was only full aligner treatment in one go or with Bajaj Finance we came up and told 
you almost close to 50 % of the revenue is pay as you go. 
 
So we have USPs along with the brand, which is creating great customer awareness with the 
trust factor of being a company which is there since more than 2 to 3 decades. And the third part 
is the flexibility of either the value proposition or how you make the payment to the dentist in 
terms of a pay as you go. 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
So these are a lot of benefits where, see in the end, please understand when you want to do any 
treatment, for you the dentist is the final decision maker. For you, dentist is the person who is 
accountable. For the dentist, they always want to choose people where they can forward the 
same trust and accountability which the patient is putting them. 
 
So that is where we really stand apart from lot of people who are very new. And it's the same 
philosophy, correct? If tomorrow you are not feeling well and something is wrong, you would 
want to go to a doctor. You can, of course, go to a medical store, buy some medicine which the 
store suggests. 
 
But the right and the ethical way is to go to a doctor. That is what we believe. That our doctor-
led model is the strongest model. And it's not just proven in India. Across the world, if you 
research, this is the model which is built very, very successfully across the world. 
Mahesh Attal: 
And with our current capacity, what would be the revenue that we could achieve in a aligners 
segment? 
Sameer Merchant: 
See again on the aligner segment part, on the guidance part like I said, we've just, it's been less 
than 2 months that we have just started ordering things… 
Mahesh Attal: 
No, no, I'm saying if you want to do a complete, let's say I use the complete capacity of yours, 
how much I would be able to achieve? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Mathematical analysis, it will be 67% capacity utilization in the aligner category. That is how, 
what we are currently. 
Mahesh Attal: 
All right, sir. Thank you so much and all the very best.  
Sameer Merchant: 
Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rajat from Tata Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Rajat: 
Just one thing in terms of number of customers served would you have any metric around it or 
can you just elaborate, how many customers you would have served in this year versus let's say 
last year and last to last year, how has the growth been over there? 
Sameer Merchant: 
So are you talking about the number of patients or the number of dentists? 
Rajat: 
No, number of patients? Who would have used your aligners or your laboratory equipment 
whatever? So I just wanted to understand that how many patients so just taking cues from the 
previous participant questions so you could just tell us how has the growth been in of number of 
patients you have served? I think that would be helpful. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Yes, number of patients means we have number of cases, happy to share with you offline but we 
can give you the number of cases that we are doing that is a very easy math that we have because 
If the growth is happening, it is happening with the number of cases that we're delivering more… 
Rajat: 
Yes, there would be an element of price hikes also? 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Sameer Merchant: 
It be very small. But if you're growing 24 % as compared to last year, the price hike will not be 
proportionate to 24%. It's only going to be smaller. And we can keep the growth in number of 
cases. So that's not a problem. 
Rajat: 
And on the international business, if I remember correctly so we had tied up with some larger 
dental chain based out of US. So just wanted to understand when will revenues from that tie up 
start contributing to our top line in a material way? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Already if you see our US in spite of probably the concerns that some investors had when trump 
declared the tariffs, we I would say have done very well. So you would see in not just in the last 
quarter where we have done good export business, even in the future we see strong growth 
happening there as compared to China versus what India tariffs are, there's a lot of difference 
and we are seeing a lot of traction on all aspects in the internationally, especially in the US. 
 
So we see this as a positive. If you ask us, of course, initially we were concerned, everyone was 
concerned, but we instantly went there, we met a lot of people, we had a lot of meetings. So we 
are now actually very positive about it, rather than negative about the tariffs. 
Rajat: 
And on this ESOP can you just tell us, who are these ESOPs given to which employees what 
level in terms of hierarchy are these ESOPs granted and till what time will they keep hitting the 
P&L? If you could just elaborate on that. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Sure. So ESOP has been given to close to almost 200 plus people. And we have all kind of 
hierarchy from people who have contributed great on a long term, or people who have 
contributed extremely good on the midterm, and also certain short term, where we see a lot of 
potential in people. 
 
So that's the mix of all of them, where ESOPs have been given, to make sure that we still 
fundamentally maintain the core group, who have been instrumental in creating the foundation 
for Laxmi Dental to go limited. Now on the vesting side, this is a standard 4 year vesting that 
we have given to them. 
Rajat: 
So this quarterly run rate of INR1.5 crores. So annual basis INR6 crores so how should we think 
about it going forward? 
Sameer Merchant: 
I think going forward this is a four years spread, 25 % each year. That's how the spread is. There 
was something which happened in the financial year, which was already there. And I think in 
the next 4 years, we are looking at about INR14 crores of ESOPs. That is in the next 4 years. All 
put together, spread across four years, all put together. The four year total amount is INR14 
crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shalini Gupta from East India Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Good afternoon. So I was just wondering, if I want to understand your company a little better, 
who do I get in touch with? Because previously, all my efforts at trying to get in touch with you 
were not successful? 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Sameer Merchant: 
I think you should have got in touch with easily. Just on a lighter side, if you had called dentist 
he would have called me to meet you but please reach out to SGA. Dharmik from SGA is here 
Jigar from SGA is also here. Please reach out to them and they will be very happy to explain. In 
fact, we have keep doing site visits. So if you want to know more details if you go to the dentist 
how are your teeth made they are happy to show you our technology and how we are doing 
things. 
Shalini Gupta: 
No, actually I will get in touch with Dharmik, but I would be keen to get in touch with the 
management also? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Absolutely. And that's how Dharmik and team are maintaining our calendars for the visit or the 
meetings with important investors and all the people who want to know more about Laxmi 
Dental. We are very happy, very open and very excited to always keep talking about dentistry 
to all the people who approach us because we truly believe that awareness of dentistry is growing 
and we want to be that people and pioneers in creating that awareness in India. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Okay, good to know sir, thanks. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Absolutely, welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Moksh Ranka from Aurum Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Moksh Ranka: 
Hello. I just wanted to ask. What is generally our cost difference between a D2C player or maybe 
another competing player for aligners solution? 
Sameer Merchant: 
So you said if you are making aligners if direct to consumer versus a B2B2C. Is that correct? 
Moksh Ranka: 
Yes. 
Sameer Merchant: 
If you go to a dentist versus you go direct. See again, if you… 
Moksh Ranka: 
And for the customer also 
Sameer Merchant: 
Yes, for the end customer which is the patient there could be a difference which could range 
from maybe 10%-15% to maybe 30%. It's very hard to say because what kind of treatment do 
you need, if you need a simple treatment, if you need a moderate treatment, if you need a 
complex treatment. There are a lot of permutations and combinations that will decide the 
treatment path. 
So it's not that one size fits all. So it's not the off the shelf product, correct? When you do aligner 
treatment it is not off the shelf. It is customized to you for your needs and the amount of whether 
crookedness that you have in your teeth, whether there are gaps in your teeth, whether 
functionally we want to expand the jaw. So there are a lot of permutations and combinations that 
drive this cost. 
If I say like I gave an average, maybe 10%-30% is what you could think of at an average. It 
could be 10, it could be 20 it could be 30, but that's what I can tell you just on a general basis 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Moksh Ranka: 
Okay. Thank you so much 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kamlesh Bagmar from Lotus Asset Managers please 
go ahead 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Yes. Hi Sameer Bhai. And congrats for strong set of numbers. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Thank you so much, Kamlesh. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
One question on the part of your -- or like suggesting laboratory division. So in domestic our 
revenue has declined by roughly around 13%-14% and even quarter-over-quarter it has fallen. 
So when we are saying that the TAM is such a big, so why we are seeing such a sharp decline 
year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter. I understand that in international business there 
were some add-bins or uncertainty on the tariffs or your events which were there in the 
international market. But why in domestic we are seeing such a sharp fall? 
Sameer Merchant: 
So if you see on overall year-on-year basis, you know, we went from INR80 to almost INR88 
crores, so there we had about 9% to 10%. Now specifically on the quarter part is as compared to 
last quarter the scanner sales are also part of our lab division as well. And that is where we saw, 
specially with the IDS which was there in March, sometime if you have large conference coming 
once in 2 years the dentist or the customer probably wants to wait a little bit more and take a 
decision once the new launches are available, which was not the case last to last year. 
But again we don't see that as a challenge. Like I said, we have done everything on our side with 
the technology available to deploy the scanners to add geographies to add number of dentists to 
create more new products and in the next coming few quarters you will start seeing that this is 
getting even stronger push than what it has done before as compared to last year 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
And secondly what is the share of Zirconia in your laboratory revenues both in domestic and 
international? 
Sameer Merchant: 
So Zirconia contributes, I would say significant majority or depends on the domestic part it's 
more than 50% in terms of revenue. On the export part there is a significant majority of Zirconia 
because there are other products as well that we do in the international market. Zirconia is a 
strong contributor for us and that's why we have a branded version of Illusion Zirconia with 
Madhuri Dixit that we have just an advertisement in the IPL and we also keep promoting the 
brand in a very strong way. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Okay. And lastly, like in the last con call, you had given the guidance of 20%-25% revenue for 
next 2-3 years. So this time around we are little bit  heavy on giving the guidance. So where we 
see the revenue growth for next 2-3 years and secondly on the margins? 
Sameer Merchant: 
I think on our side we are extremely strong. Like Rajesh Bhai said last year we did the highest 
ever at 24% and what we are clearly saying that the path is only forward. We are only going to 
build on what we have done last year. So according to in our mind it's not easy. We are actually 
very clear that if we have done highest ever last year we like breaking records. Hopefully we'll 
see extremely good results in the coming year as well. 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
So the 20%-25% of revenue guidance, CAGR guidance remains intact? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Absolutely. In fact, like I said, we are more bullish on achieving stronger as compared to last 
year which is 24%. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
And on margins, like the same, similar level of margins or do we see further improvement in the 
margin because we are going more on the digitization or automation. So what scope for margin 
expansion there? 
Sameer Merchant: 
I think there is definitely scope for expansion 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Perfect. Great. Thanks. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Thank you, welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Swaraj Mehta from Perpetual Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead 
Swaraj Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity I just wanted to understand how many labs do we have currently 
and what are the delivery timelines of, you know, we get an impression to deliver it back to the 
customer and what is the maximum utilization that a lab can achieve and if any more investment 
in labs is needed in the future. And how are scanners used in this process. Thank you 
Sameer Merchant: 
So I think that's a great question on the timeline. The current TAT at an average would be, if it's 
the same city, maybe from one day it can go up to five days. Like I said, it just depends, if it's a 
single crown, if it's a three-unit bridge, if it's a full mouth restoration. So there are complexities 
to it. But we have our internal TAT based on the number of units that the dentist prescribes. 
Two, on the impression part, there is a lot of area that we have discussed about being digitization 
on the impression material. So if it's a physical impression coming in from different part of the 
country then it could take from one to two days, but if it's a digital impression it takes hardly 
like five minutes to be here. 
So on a digital side, we can deliver the jobs faster. On the analog side, the time taken is for the 
impression to reach the location. And in terms of labs, we have a lab in Mumbai. We have setup 
in Kerala. We have mini setups, which we call as satellites, and your hub and spoke model in 
Chennai, Ahmedabad, Delhi Bangalore, multiple cities. So we operate in a hub and spoke kind 
of a model. So the large hub is in Mumbai. There is a mini hub in south and then there are other 
spokes in different cities. 
At the same time, I think the crucial part that we are building and we have built in last few years 
is our digital sales people. So we don't have sales people who are like regular sales people, these 
are digital sales people who have a laptop and an intraoral scanner on their backpack. 
And this is what we revolutionized, you know, I think much, much, probably 4-5-6 years back 
in India when we started with this concept saying that a person can be trained along with a dentist 
to take a scan in the patient's mouth and that is what we have done very successfully. In fact, a 
reasonable amount of our revenue is coming from people who are scanning today. 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
So that is a model which we are really leveraging to make sure that we take India digital. Because 
when we go digital there is not only just patient who is of the benefit in terms of shorter 
turnaround time, you know, not putting that messy material in your mouth that you are currently 
accustomed to. The dentist has very ease of scanning. The dentist can see the teeth real time in 
an extremely large screen to make a decision that if everything is correct and may not have to 
call you back, like they normally do in their physical impression. 
And the third is when it comes to us, we get instant impression, so there is no logistic cost and 
at the same time our internal processes are also reduced thereby improving the operational 
efficiency. And all in all, this gives great comfort to the patient, great quality and also reduce 
time, which is all what as a patient you would want. If you want to go to a dentist, if you want 
to get your teeth done in two days, one day, why you want to spend more time without teeth. 
Swaraj Mehta: 
Thank you. And the maximum utilization that a dental lab can achieve, like in terms of how is 
it defined in terms of area or dentists, how many, like, or the number of pieces. 
Sameer Merchant: 
I think it's getting more dynamic. You the definitions can change in multiple ways. If you are an 
analog lab, the definition is different. If you are a digital lab, the definition is different. What 
kind of products that you do, the definition is different. So there's a lot of mix which decide, you 
know, utilization. So it's not a simple answer. 
Like I said, you know, happy for people to visit, do a site visit, understand more. And then I can 
explain, because right now it's going to be very complex if I explain that, okay, if I do this kind 
of restoration, then the utilization works on this method. 
Swaraj Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Rajat from Tata Mutual Funds. Please go ahead 
Rajat: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question again. Sameer, just lastly we have some INR100 crores 
of cash sitting on the books, so could you just tell me how do you plan to utilize this going 
forward? Because as I understand you will be generating another INR100-INR120 crores of cash 
over the next 2 years, so all put together you will be having around INR200-INR220 crores of 
cash. So what would be the best use of that 
Sameer Merchant: 
See for now we have Rajat from our IPO proceed, we have planned for capex, which is close to 
INR68 crores and we have only done very small amount in the last financial year, while we are 
deploying more in the current year. 
 
And as we keep moving forward, we will keep evaluating whether we actually enhance the capex 
based on the visibility of growth which is coming in faster, since there is faster growth, which 
again has lot of things based on our regulatory clearance, based on how the tailwinds are in the 
category that we are present, we will enhance that capex. 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Or we are also open at looking inorganic. So we'll keep our eyes and ears open, that if there is 
any inorganic thing which can really have great synergy with the company and can leverage 
future growth for Laxmi Dental we will keep our eyes and ears open for that as well 
Rajat: 
Sure. And how should we think about promotional expenses going forward? 
Sameer Merchant: 
It is standard, like IDS is just one time, like I said, it's once in 3 years, or once in 2 years, correct? 
IDS happens once in 2 years and it just came in where in this year, as soon as we got listed on 
IDS happened in this year. So otherwise, we would see it as normal, which we have said, 5% of 
our sales. So that is what you should think of, that is 5% of our sales. 
Rajat: 
Sorry, you said 5% of sales. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Yes. 
Rajat: 
Sure. Okay, thanks. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Thanks, Rajat. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ashutosh Nemani from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Nemani: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So my question is on the aligner segment, aligner growth from FY 
'24 to FY '25, around 42% that we have witnessed. We just wanted to understand what 
percentage of this growth is given by number of aligners and what percentage is given by price 
hike, if we have taken from FY '24 to FY '25. 
Sameer Merchant: 
I would say the  say majority is in the number of cases and the growth. The price hike has been 
extremely small. So we are focusing more on delivering more units, more operational efficiency, 
because the goal is with the automation and with the capital that we have and with the AI that 
we are evaluating, we should be able to really leverage our operational cost and in fact create 
still the great product that we have and at a similar price or even the better price in the future for 
a doctor and the consumer, so that it becomes more accessible and we are able to leverage more 
volume.  
Ashutosh Nemani: 
Okay, understood. And the second question is to understand a bit better, in our PPT when we 
report aligners we break it up into Bizdent and Vedia. Can you just tell what this subsidiary is 
like intended to do? Is Bizdent for selling the brand of aligner or is it something like that? What 
does Bizdent and Vedia mean exactly? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Bizdent is the brand of aligners, which is illusion aligners with Kareena Kapoor as a brand 
ambassador. Vedia is actually our backward integration of raw material and the machine that we 
sell across the world. 
Ashutosh Nemani: 
Understood. And sir on a similar question on the laboratory business, can we say that it is 
majority volume driven or have we taken price hike from 24 to 25 in this growth 
Sameer Merchant: 
There is a minor price hike based on inflation and other things. We will always do a slight price 
hike. But majority of it will always come from the volume that we are doing. And that is the 

 
 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
goal right now, you know, the digitization, like I said, happy for you to come see the process, 
we can eliminate 25% to 30% processes with digitization and that is what is our constant strive 
to do. 
Ashutosh Nemani: 
Okay, yes. Understood. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing remarks 
Sameer Merchant: 
Great. Thank you so much, everyone. With this, we conclude the call. If you have any further 
queries please contact SGA, our Investor Relation Advisor. I really thank everyone for joining 
on us on this earning call today. Thank you so much. Have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Investec Capital Services, India Private 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
