 
 
Date: May 22, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
India 
 
Scrip Code: 543529 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C‐1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
India  
 
Symbol: DELHIVERY  
 
Sub: 
Transcript  of  Earnings  Conference  Call  pertaining  to  the Audited  Financial Results  for  the 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated May 17, 2025, regarding audio recording of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on May 16, 2025, at 06:00 P.M. (IST) on the performance of the audited Standalone 
and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 
2025. 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the above investor and analyst call. 
 
The above disclosure is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.delhivery.com 
 
You are requested to take the same on your record.  
Thank you. 
Yours sincerely, 
For Delhivery Limited 
 
 
Madhulika Rawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F 8765 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
MADHULI
KA VIPIN 
RAWAT
Digitally signed 
by MADHULIKA 
VIPIN RAWAT 
Date: 2025.05.22 
22:32:51 +05'30'

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
 
Delhivery Limited Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 16, 2025 
 
Management:  MR. SAHIL BARUA, MD & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
            MR. AMIT AGARWAL, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
            MR. AJITH PAI, CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
            MS. VANI VENKATESH, CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
            MR. VIVEK PABARI, HEAD - INVESTOR RELATIONS 
           Moderators:   MR. BAIJU JOSHI, MACQUARIE CAPITAL 
 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
Moderator: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Call of Delhivery Limited 
hosted by Macquarie. Before we start, Delhivery would like to point out that some of the statements made 
in today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
earnings presentation shared with you earlier. Kindly note that this call is meant for investors and analysts 
only. If there are representatives from the media, they are requested to kindly drop off this call 
immediately.  
To discuss the results, I am pleased to welcome Mr. Sahil Barua, MD and CEO; Mr. Amit Agarwal, 
CFO; Mr. Ajith Pai, COO; Ms. Vani Venkatesh, Chief Business Officer and Mr. Vivek Pabari, Head of 
Investor Relations at Delhivery. As a reminder all participants' lines will be in listen only mode and 
participants can use the raise hand feature to ask any question, post the opening remarks. Now I invite 
Mr. Sahil Barua to take us through the key highlights of the quarter post which we'll open up for Q&A. 
Thank you and over to you, Sahil. 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Thank you, Baiju. Good evening to all of you and thank you for joining us this evening on Friday. I'd 
like to begin by just placing officially on record on behalf of the entire Delhivery management and the 
entire Delhivery team, our deepest gratitude to the men and women of the armed forces of India and also 
specifically to all of the veterans who serve at Delhivery, we are grateful to you. 
I'd also like to welcome Vani. As the Chief Business Officer this is her first earnings call, so welcome to 
Vani on behalf of the Delhivery team. 
As usual, I'll begin with a short 15-to-20-minute presentation, which summarizes results for Q4, and post 
that summary, we'll open up for questions.  
So a broad summary of Q4 - our expansion and profitability has continued into Q4 despite headwinds in 
the industry overall. So a very satisfying quarter. This is the highest profitability that the company has 
declared, and possibly one of the first times that Q4 margins have expanded compared to the Q3 period 
as well. All in all, a very strong end to the financial year and puts us in a very good position for the next 
FY. 
In terms of a quick snapshot of numbers, in Q4, we delivered revenues of Rs. 2,192 crores, up about 6% 
year-on-year and a sequential decline of 8% compared to the peak quarter, which was Q3. EBITDA came 
in at Rs. 119 crores and 5.4% EBITDA margin. This is an expansion of about 320 basis points compared 
to the same quarter last year and a sequential expansion of 110 basis points compared to Q3 of FY25. 
PAT came in at Rs. 73 crores. PAT margin of 3.1% compared to a loss of Rs. 69 crores in the same 
quarter last financial year. So, an overall swing of close to Rs. 140 crores YoY. PAT has also tripled from 
Q3, where we reported an overall PAT of Rs. 25 crores.  
We delivered 177 million packages in our Express Parcel business, year-on-year largely flat and about 
460,000 tons of freight in our Part Truckload business, which is a year-on-year growth of about 19.4% 
and a sequential quarter-on-quarter growth of 11%. For FY25 as a whole, revenue from services stood at 
Rs. 8,932 crores, and total income stood at Rs. 9,372 crores, a growth of nearly about 10% YoY. EBITDA 
came in at Rs. 376 crores, with an overall EBITDA margin of 4.2%. That is an expansion of nearly Rs. 
250 crores compared to FY24 and a margin expansion of 260 basis points YoY. Overall PAT for the 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
year, this is our first profitable year overall, we came in at Rs. 162 crores of PAT, 1.7% margin compared 
to a PAT loss of Rs. 249 crores in FY24. For the full year, we delivered 752 million parcels in the Express 
Parcel business, broadly flat YoY, and about Rs. 1.7 million tons of Part Truckload freight YoY growth 
of 18.7%.  
The company continues to be extremely well capitalized. We have about Rs. 5,493 crores of cash and 
cash equivalents on the balance sheet. Obviously, this is prior to the consideration that will be paid out 
once we receive confirmation from CCI on our deal with Ecom Express. In terms of key operating 
metrics, PIN Code reach for the company continues to remain broadly flat. We serviced about 18,833 pin 
codes as of the close of Q4 FY25. We continue to serve 220 countries through our partnerships with 
FedEx. The total active customer base of the company has continued to expand rapidly. We had 33,000 
customers at the same time last year. We ended Q4 FY25 with an overall customer count of about 44,000. 
Overall infrastructure has remained broadly constant, a mild reduction from Q3 as we've jettisoned a little 
bit of peak infrastructure. We operate close to about 20 million square feet of real estate across the 
country. The total number of gateways remains constant at 111. Automated sort centers remain constant 
at 45. Sorters remain constant at 65. There's been some consolidation in the last mile network. Freight 
service stations have reduced from 130 as of Q3 to 118 as of Q4 FY25. The broad DC network remains 
largely constant at close to about 4,550 delivery centers, pan India. And team size remains broadly 
constant at the 62,000-person range. 
Spoke about this before, in terms of revenue from services, in Q4 revenues came in at Rs. 2,192 crores 
which is a growth of 6% YoY and a sequential decline quarter-on-quarter. Of course, Q3 is the peak 
quarter for our Express Parcel business. For the full year, FY25, we've delivered about 10% growth in 
revenues. Revenues have grown from about Rs. 7,200 crores in FY23 to nearly Rs. 9,000 crores in FY25. 
The Express Parcel business obviously continues to be the largest part of our business. For the full year, 
it came in at about 60% of revenues. As you can see, the contribution of our PTL business continues to 
increase year-on-year. The business was 16% of revenues in FY23 and has now grown to 21% of total 
revenues as of the end of FY25. Supply Chain Services, Truckload services, and other businesses 
contribute about 19% to total revenues.  
In terms of individual business lines, the Express Parcel business has grown to Rs. 1,256 crores of revenue 
in Q4 FY25, with about 177 million packages delivered, broadly flattish YoY. The PTL business has 
seen significant growth, in revenue terms we've grown to Rs. 517 crores in Q4 FY25, which is a 24% 
growth YoY in revenue and a 12% growth QoQ, representing massive share gain through this period. 
Tonnage has also followed the same trend. Overall tonnage has grown from 384,000 tons of freight to 
nearly 460,000 tons of freight in Q4 FY25, which is a 19% growth YoY and an 11% growth QoQ. Supply 
Chain Services, the business continues to remain broadly stable. We delivered about Rs. 230 crores of 
revenue in Q4 FY25, which is largely flat both compared to the same quarter last year as well as the 
previous quarter. Truckload revenues have also remained broadly flattish from Rs. 160 crores in Q3 to 
Rs. 151 crores in Q4. Cross Border Services revenues have also remained largely flattish. 
In terms of overall FY25 performance. Express parcel revenues have grown to Rs. 5,320 crores of 
revenue in FY25, which is a growth of about Rs. 300 crores compared to last year and a growth of about 
Rs. 800 crores compared to FY23. Total Express Parcel shipments came in at 752 million, broadly flattish 
compared to last year and a growth of about 90 million shipments compared to FY23. PTL revenues 
continue to grow strongly. FY25 revenues came in at Rs. 1,889 crores, 25% growth YoY, about Rs. 800 
crores larger than we were in FY23 and tonnage came in at nearly 1.7 million tons of freight, which is a 
YoY growth in tonnage of about 20%. Supply Chain Services, while Q4 was relatively flat, FY25 has 
been a good year from a growth standpoint. Overall, revenues have grown by about 17% from about Rs. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
776 crores of revenue in FY24 to a little over Rs. 900 crores in FY25. The Truckload and Cross Border 
Services have remained broadly flattish. Truckload came in at Rs. 626 crores versus Rs. 609 crores in the 
previous fiscal, and Cross Border Services came in at Rs. 179 crores versus Rs. 153 crores in the previous 
financial year. 
In terms of overall profitability, first of all for FY25 as a whole, in the column on the extreme right, 
revenue from services came in at Rs. 8,932 crores. Overall service EBITDA for the business on an 
absolute basis has grown by Rs. 43 crores from Rs. 941 crores to Rs. 984 crores. Broadly flattish service 
EBITDA margin, a mild decline of about 60 basis points from 11.6% in FY24 to 11% in FY25. The 
Express Parcel business obviously had a headwind in terms of extreme pricing actions from competitors 
at the end of last financial year, which is reflected in FY25 numbers. Margins for this business came in 
marginally lower at 16.2% for FY25 versus 18.4% in FY24. There's been a massive expansion of service 
EBITDA YoY in the Part Truckload business. The Part Truckload business lost Rs. 46 crores in FY24 
and has generated service profits of Rs. 101 crores, an overall swing of 8.5% in service EBITDA margin 
as a whole in FY25. Supply Chain Services was obviously affected by our participation in the quick 
commerce segment, which as we've discussed before, we've exited. Overall business came in at 2.2% 
service EBITDA margin with a service EBITDA of Rs. 20 crores versus Rs. 53 crores for FY24. In terms 
of quarterly trends, the big change obviously is in the Part Truckload business where service EBITDA 
margins have grown from 3.8% in Q3 FY25 to 10.8% in Q4 FY25, an expansion of 700 basis points. 
This has been driven by a combination of both improvements in yield. As we've discussed in previous 
earnings calls, pricing revisions were underway all through FY25, and these have started to play out. This 
quarter and the first quarter of the financial year are typically when contracts are renegotiated, and we 
anticipate that this will continue. In addition, with increasing volumes, there's also been improvement in 
productivity levels across the entire network and improvements in fleet utilization, which have led to the 
significant expansion in overall service EBITDA. 
Similar story for Supply Chain Services as well, which is a direct beneficiary of improvement in 
transportation margins. As you can see, while the overall annual margin has dropped from 6.8% to 2.2% 
as of Q4 FY25, we are nearly back at run rate levels at about 5.4% service EBITDA margins. The Express 
Parcel business came in at 15.9% in Q4 in terms of service EBITDA versus 15.6% in Q3. Overall, there 
continues to be an overhang from Q3 and from some of the pricing actions that we saw last financial 
year. We do anticipate, however, that margins will expand in FY26 and beyond.  
Corporate overheads, as discussed, have remained flattish throughout FY25. As a percentage of revenue 
from services, corporate overheads stood at about 9.7% of revenues overall. Wages have remained largely 
flat. Marketing expenditures have remained largely flat. Technology expenditures have also remained 
largely flat. 
Adjusted EBITDA, therefore, for Q4 came in at Rs. 55 crores, which is a margin of 2.5% compared to 
Rs. 45 crores in Q3 FY25, which was at 1.9%. And PAT overall has expanded to Rs. 73 crores for Q4 
FY25, a PAT margin of 3.1% compared to Rs. 25 crores in Q3 FY25. Overall PAT for the financial year 
came in at Rs. 162 crores, which is an expansion of Rs. 400 crores or an expansion of about 460 basis 
points compared to FY24. A quick snapshot of what we've been talking about. As you can see, there has 
been a consistent trend in improvement in profitability. FY25 is the first year where all four quarters of 
the year have been PAT profitable for Delhivery, and Q4 FY25 is the highest PAT that Delhivery has 
declared in its history. Overall as you can see, the trend from FY23 to FY25 as well, we declared a Rs. 
1,000 crore PAT loss in FY23, PAT has increased by Rs. 1,170 crores from FY23 to FY25 with a Rs. 
162 crore profit and 1.7% margin in FY25.  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
The other heartening thing and a question that's often brought up, is also Capex intensity. As you can see, 
and as we've discussed in prior analyst calls, Capex intensity across the business continues to decline 
sharply. From FY19 to FY25 if you can see the trend, we've come down from 9% in FY19 and were 
close to the 6.8% to 7.5% range through FY20 to FY24 as the network was being built out. In FY25, 
Capex as a percentage of revenue has dropped to 5.2%. We anticipate going forward that Capex intensity 
in the business will continue to remain largely stable and slowly taper its way towards our long-term 
targets of between 3.5% and 4%. That’s a quick summary of the financial performance of the company 
and the operational performance for Q4.  
As you're aware, we've also announced the proposed acquisition of Ecom Express, which is currently 
under discussion with the Competition Commission of India and we await approval. We had put out a 
detailed note on the Delhivery website and filed with the exchanges a document on the frequently asked 
questions about the acquisition. We'll cover it briefly through this call as well. So in terms of questions 
around integration, our belief is that the integration of Ecom Express is materially different from our 
prior integration with Spoton, which we had acquired in 2022. The risks of the integration are also 
materially lower. As we've discussed in the note that we've put up, there are a couple of key reasons why 
this is the case. I'll just quickly recap them. In terms of customers, we have a nearly 100% overlap of 
customers with Ecom Express. All of the customers that work with Ecom Express and with Delhivery 
are already deeply integrated and familiar with Delhivery systems, and all of our customer facing business 
processes, right from the operational processes to billing processes, collections, and reconciliation are 
equivalent or similar. 
In terms of relative scale, Ecom Express' volumes are about 40% of Delhivery's Express Parcel volumes. 
In terms of overall tonnage or freight carried, the network tonnage of Ecom Express' network is less than 
20% of Delhivery's total tonnage. By way of comparison, at the time of our acquisition of Spoton, 
Spoton's PTL volumes were close to two times that of Delhivery's PTL volumes. And so the overall delta 
in tonnage between Ecom Express and Delhivery significantly reduces the complexity of this acquisition. 
In terms of network, we expect that limited facilities will be retained, and the facilities that we retain will 
seamlessly be configured as Delhivery nodes. Facility retention will largely be limited to locations either 
where Delhivery is capacity constrained or where repurposing an existing transportation facility into a 
Delhivery fulfillment center or service center is feasible. No additional technology, no new technology 
will be required for integration of these facilities into Delhivery's network. In terms of people, Ecom 
Express is a high-quality network, and the Ecom Express employees are sufficiently familiar with e-
commerce logistics. They've been in this industry for a long time. The regular attrition in Delhivery's 
network itself will provide us sufficient room to absorb all of the qualified staff from Ecom Express 
across our operations around the country. Needless to say, at the time of their onboarding into the 
Delhivery network, they will also undergo rigorous training via the Delhivery Academy. Our purchase 
consideration already includes or factors in about Rs. 300 crores of integration costs. These have been 
considered, and we anticipate that we should be well within this envelope. 
In terms of volumes and retained volumes, our assumptions on retained volumes were fairly conservative 
to begin with. Our assumption was that we would retain close to about 30% of the volumes of the Ecom 
Express standalone network. From the time that the deal was under consideration up to now in May, 
we've already seen an organic uptick in the volumes of Delhivery's standalone Express Parcel network. 
As you can see, our Jan. Feb. daily average volumes are represented by the black dotted line on the left. 
From there going into March, we saw an uptick in overall volumes as customers began to shift some of 
their volumes into the Delhivery network. On formal announcement of the deal, this has continued and 
has been solidified. The trend in April was marginally higher than the trend in March, which in itself is 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
a new phenomenon. Generally speaking, Q1 volumes are soft, and April volumes tend to come in below 
March volumes. So this is a positive sign. And May volumes on average have been higher than both 
April and March volumes as well. So overall, I think from a volume retention standpoint, we remain 
highly satisfied. 
The Ecom Express P&L is here, we've put out a detailed note on this. The important consideration, of 
course, is that the PAT number that was reported, which was a PAT loss of Rs. 398 crores for the nine 
months of FY25, consisted of also a net loss on fair valuation of CCPS of Rs. 215 crores. Adjusted for 
that, the overall PAT loss for Ecom Express stood at Rs. 184 crores for nine months of FY25 and an 
adjusted EBITDA loss of Rs. 104 crores for the nine months of FY25. This was already factored into 
Delhivery's consideration for the network. In terms of balance sheet, I think the key factor over here is 
on property, plant, and equipment. As of December '24, overall PPE, including capital work in progress, 
stands at Rs. 464 crores, of which plant and machinery, office equipment, computer and IT equipment 
stands at Rs. 370 crores. The company has about Rs. 200 crores of automation assets, which are available 
for Delhivery's use. A reasonable portion of these are also from Falcon Autotech, which is a Delhivery 
portfolio company. We do not anticipate any complexities in redeploying this automation equipment 
across the Delhivery network. And our belief is that this will sharply influence our own Capex plans in 
FY27 and beyond. 
So with that, that's a quick summary of overall performance. We're quite satisfied with overall 
profitability improvements through this financial year. And I think it sets us up very well for FY26 and 
beyond. I'll pause here, and be very happy to take all of your questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll now start with the Q&A and we will take the first question from Krupa Shankar. Krupa 
Shankar, please go ahead. 
 
Krupa Shankar: 
Yeah, thank you for taking my question, and congratulations on great achievement with respect to 
profitability in the PTL segment as well as overall PAT for FY25. The first question is on the PTL piece 
- just wanted to get a sense that you have significantly outperformed the underlying industry growth in 
PTL and by far, we would be the second largest player in the ecosystem based on tonnage. I want to get 
your sense, Sahil on what is the growth runway you are expecting, given that we have reached certain 
economies of scale. And the second piece is, while yield management, of course, has played a crucial 
role, can you talk a little bit more about the operating efficiencies which you achieved beyond operating 
leverage this quarter? Because, just on the QoQ tonnages, is that what is entirely driving the margins, 
something on those lines. 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Sure. So yes, our PTL business has obviously been a great story for the last two financial years, especially 
after the Spoton integration, we've outgrown the industry quite comprehensively. I think it's a testament 
to the overall quality of the network. It's testament to the overall investments that we've made in capacity, 
in automation. And I think we see no reason to believe that our growth runway in PTL is going to be 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
significantly different from what we've seen so far. You know the market in India is heavily unorganized, 
as we've discussed several times. The reality is that Delhivery is effectively organizing this industry. And 
as long as, whatever, nearly 80% of this industry continues to remain unorganized, there's very, very 
large headroom for growth for Delhivery in this space. We will continue to exploit that. I think from our 
standpoint, as you can see and I've mentioned in FY24 throughout my analyst calls and in FY25, we had 
a responsibility not just to deliver growth, but also to demonstrate that this growth would come with the 
operating leverage and the margins that we've always signaled. As I've always said before, we expect 
that PTL margins will be similar to the margins that we see in our Express Parcel business. And while of 
course, we've had a consecutive, you know, eight consecutive quarters of improvements in our service 
EBITDA margins, I think the reality is that at 3.8%, there were obviously questions being asked about 
whether we would ever get to those numbers. Hopefully, as you can see, the Q4 numbers, which have 
come in at 10.8%, and we brought up several times that as the business gets closer to about 175,000 to 
200,000 tons of freight, we hit nearly full potential margins. That's quite visible. I do want to be clear 
that Delhivery's aim always, to begin with, is to make sure that we can deliver the profits we say we do 
on the revenues that we say we do because generating revenue, by itself, is not very hard in logistics. The 
difficult part is delivering it with profitability. I think we'll continue to take that approach. Our approach 
to building capacity will also remain similar.  
So our anticipation is that as long as we can continue to profitably get accounts, as long as we can continue 
to build capacity in a safe fashion, the growth runway is not affected, and neither is the margin trajectory. 
In terms of yield management, no, yield is not the only driver of the improvement in margins. Yes, yield 
is one part of the story. Overall, yields have gone up, I think to about Rs. 11.3 per kilo of freight delivered 
compared to, I think, Rs. 10.9 in Q4 of FY24. Do bear in mind that in Q4 FY25, we also onboarded a 
very large customer in HPCL where the yields are significantly lower actually than the Rs. 11.3 yields. 
So the like-for-like comparison YoY will be even stronger. I think this reflects two things. One is, as I 
mentioned, it reflects the success we've had in renegotiating poor rates that were signed in the Spoton era 
and that we had to reset, our team has been doing that for the last two years. And second, to be honest, it 
also reflects customers' confidence in the Delhivery business because we have both delivered 20% Y-o-
Y growth as well as delivered improvements in yield through this period. That's one part of the story, 
however. The second part of the story has also been sheer operating leverage, which, of course, has come 
from increased tonnage flowing through the network. But remember saying operating leverage is easy, 
actually generating it and engineering it is much harder. So, what you're seeing here is, what is finally 
coming to fruition is the investments in automation, is the investments in software, in operating systems 
and in training that we've been making over the years. We are the only network which is capable of 
delivering these massive jumps in growth. And at the same time, also delivering profitability at the same 
time. 
To give you a sense, between FY23 and FY25, Delhivery's PTL revenues have grown by nearly Rs. 800 
crores. There aren't too many PTL businesses in India, which do Rs. 800 crores of revenue at all. So that 
should give you a sense of how our operating leverage has improved. And the third driver apart from 
operating leverage on just the pure facility and fixed cost has been a massive improvement in fleet 
utilization as well. As I've brought up several times in the past, one of the hardest problems in trucking 
is figuring out how to optimize your yield management at a truck level. Software systems have been 
maturing over the years, and we've gotten much better at figuring out what loads go on to what trucks. 
As we've been able to increase the density of loads that are going on to trucks, that's obviously improving 
profitability as well. And obviously, the other piece is, as we've expanded our sales force, which is 
something that I've spoken about as an impediment to growth in the past, as that has slowly started getting 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
solved, what we're seeing is that we're also able to generate business in locations which previously were 
considered to be sort of smaller locations or reverse locations. And as we are able to generate more loads 
coming out of these reverse locations, they obviously bring up aggregate utilization across the network. 
So, it's a combination of yield improvement, pricing discipline, investments in automation, sheer 
operating leverage coming from scale, improved fleet utilization coming out of software improvements, 
better training of the staff on the ground. So, it's a lot of things coming together. 
 
Krupa Shankar: 
Got it. One follow-up on that, Sahil, what would be the fleet utilization levels at the moment in 4Q? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Krupa, you know, you guys ask us questions about utilization in every quarter, and every quarter, I come 
back and say the same thing, which is our job as engineers of the network is to make sure that no matter 
what we think the base is, we can actually improve utilization. So my own estimations of what the 
available capacity of the fleet is have changed over time. I think, look, we've always said that our 
utilization prior to Q3 was in the sort of 65% kind of range. Q4 on a similar comparable basis would have 
gone beyond 70%. But the reality is, as we get better at engineering our truck routes as we get better at 
engineering our facilities, as we get better at designing software that tells us what to load on the trucks, 
the definition of the capacity itself is changing. So, you'll have to excuse me for not giving you a highly 
specific point estimate. All I can tell you is that fleet utilization has improved quite significantly between 
Q3 and Q4.  
 
Krupa Shankar: 
Sure. Thanks for that. One more question on the e-commerce piece. Express Parcel, the margin profile is 
hovering around 16%. Last year, we were close to about 18% or so. I just wanted to understand if this is 
going to be the new normal, at least over the near term and probably you would see that the margin 
expansion would kick in when Ecom Express gets integrated. Is that the right way to think about it? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Yes, our primary reason for acquiring Ecom Express obviously was because we have extremely high 
incremental margins, as we've discussed in the past. Even with pricing pressure, Delhivery's incremental 
margins tend to be in the 27% to 30% range. And as you've seen in the past, without the pricing pressure 
our incremental margins can sometimes be as high as 50%, depending again, of course, on where the 
volume comes from and where it's going to. As our network continues to fill up with the volumes that 
we retain, we do anticipate that there will be some expansion in overall margins. The good thing in our 
network because of the operating leverage is that even if the gross margins remain broadly constant as 
volumes increase with the network, the service EBITDA margins will continue to rise. So yes, as volumes 
come in, once we finish with the integration, we do anticipate that normative margins will go up. Now, 
what percentage of that we may continue to pass to some of our deserving customers in terms of what 
share of wallet they reward us with or if we want them to actually drive further growth, remains to be 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
seen, but I think also as you will see pricing pressure in this industry will significantly be reduced going 
forward. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Sachin Dixit. Sachin, please go ahead. 
 
Sachin Dixit: 
Hey, Hi Sahil and team, congrats on a decent set of results. My first question is with regards to the 
acquisition, basically. So with Delhivery acquiring Ecom Express and some sort of market chatter being 
that Xpressbees piece is also not in a very good shape. How do you think 3PL industry structure evolves 
going forward, right? So effectively, it looks like it's Delhivery and maybe someone like a ShadowFax 
and some other smaller players who will rule the roost. Is it how you see it? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Sachin, I'll answer this question the way I always have. Delhivery has always been more than 100% of 
the profit pool of this industry. That position has only been strengthened over the last financial year. As 
we mentioned before, at the pricing that currently prevails in the market, Delhivery is the only profitable 
player in this industry and to the best of our understanding our remaining competitors with model similar 
to Ecom Express have also seen an expansion in their losses in Q4, which means our competitive 
positioning continues to be better. I have been public about this. There were too many players in this 
market in the previous quarter. Our acquisition of Ecom Express has not changed that dynamic. There 
are still too many players in this market. And in terms of what exactly will happen as I've mentioned, you 
know, how long can unprofitable players continue to survive in this market is a question that I am not 
best placed to answer. I think the reality is it  depends on how much capital they have left. But I think 
what this deal has done is it does signal that if you are a loss-making network in Express Parcel with no 
path to profitability, consolidation or exit is an inevitable outcome. So I think we're very happy. Our 
position will continue to improve. As you can see from our cost advantages, they are not theoretical, they 
are material. Our service advantages are material because customers don't reward you merely for having 
the lowest cost. And at the end of the day, we will continue to grind our way through these advantages 
and make sure there is very limited, if any breathing room for any competitors in this space. 
 
Sachin Dixit: 
Got it. Got it. My second question in regard to the rapid commerce foray that we had. Any updates on 
that? How is it shaping up, how many dark stores, orders per dark store, et cetera? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
I think Ajith Pai is on this call, why don't I ask Ajith to take that? 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
Ajith Pai: 
Yeah, I think it's satisfactory in terms of what we had planned. We are in three cities as of this quarter 
and about 18 dark stores. In terms of orders per dark stores, the older dark stores are now clocking at 
about 350 to 400 orders per day, while the newer ones, of course, have a certain ramp up time. But it's 
early days. We had, I think, pointed out that this is something which will take some time, and we're 
planning an overall number of 50 dark stores over the entire fiscal. 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Just to add that these dock stores are nowhere comparable to the size of the typical common dark stores. 
They are significantly smaller. 
 
Sachin Dixit. Got it, Amit. Just a quick follow-up on the orders per day, right? So we obviously 
mentioned like roughly at 700 to 800 orders per day is when this breakeven. How much time do you 
anticipate that to be for the older dark stores to reach? 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
So our expectation is that it will take about four months to five months for an individual dark store to get 
to that point. 
 
Sachin Dixit: 
Got it, Got it. Thanks Ajith. Thanks Amit. 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Sachin, I'll just add one more thing on top of that. When we think about our rapid commerce business, 
one of the things we've realized is that this is not just an exciting form factor for B2C clients alone. In 
fact, when we started the thesis was around B2C, but what is becoming particularly interesting is that we 
now have B2B customers who are saying that they would actually like to participate in a faster form of 
commerce. So for example, there are players who want to deliver spare parts to various parts of their 
supply chain or time-critical machinery to various parts of their supply chain within three, four hours and 
so on. And in fact, one of the things that we are evaluating now is, how do we open up our shared dark 
store network to B2B as well. And I think over the long-term, as I look at it, the reality is that's possibly 
the more interesting part than the B2C part. 
 
Sachin Dixit: 
That makes sense. Sahil, thanks a lot and all the best. 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Vijit Jain. Vijit, please go ahead. 
 
Vijit Jain: 
Yeah, Hi. Thank you. And congratulations on a pretty good performance on the OpEx front here. My 
first question is on the Rs. 300 crore integration costs comment that you made, Sahil. So just trying to 
double-click into that, is this mostly payouts related to the locations you would shut down, et cetera, and 
those things? Or does it include the operating losses that the business will incur while you integrate? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
It's a combination of two things, Vijit. One of them is going to be the lease liabilities, which contain lock-
ins. We had anticipated that, the extent of time it would take for us to shut down. That said, we'll make 
every effort to either repurpose facilities within the Delhivery network as fast as we can or alternatively 
negotiate with landlords for a slightly shortened lock-in period. We've taken the full cost obviously. The 
second is, yes, you're right. As the core part of this network, which cannot be shut down, continues to 
survive and some volumes flow though. There will be some operating losses that we had factored in. I 
think we've been pretty conservative about the roll back of the Ecom Express network. And as things 
stand, I think once we have approval, we'll be able to fully roll back much faster than that. So it does 
include a certain amount of operating losses as well. Amit, you have a more detailed answer, feel free to 
come in. 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sahil, these are the two broad categories in which we have accounted for this Rs. 300 crores. 
 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Thanks. And my second question is, so Sahil, to your earlier comment on when you were 
showcasing the March, April, May, weekly order inflows. So you said some clients have already started 
to move and April and May have had, despite the seasonality being weak, some uptick in volumes. So in 
general, just wanted to understand that because most of these clients are already on Delhivery, what 
exactly is happening here? And to what extent do you believe this is them actually moving from Ecom 
Express to you? I'm just trying to understand how that comment was arrived at. 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Yeah, so I think what exactly is happening is clients are moving their volumes into Delhivery's network. 
And as expected, it has been a very seamless transfer, it appears to be. Customers can just manifest 
whatever volumes they want to, into Delhivery in any case. I think customers are obviously looking to 
balance out their volumes between Ecom Express and Delhivery. And you know in some cases, they are 
shifting certain kinds of PIN codes into Delhivery preemptively. I think it's a very positive sign that the 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
Delhivery network has been able to handle these volumes without any concerns whatsoever. In  terms of 
how they are balancing across various logistics companies, I think the reality is most of them are moving 
volumes into Delhivery. And our overall share of the market is going up pretty rapidly. 
 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Thanks. Sahil, just on that, your current assessment of what volume share – what percentage of 
the volume would you be able to retain? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Our estimation when we did the calculation of our consideration was that we would retain about 30% of 
the volumes within the core Ecom Express network. While I think it's been two months right now, Vijit, 
one and half months really, since we've announced. And you know, it's best to make more definitive 
statements once we have the CCI approval and things play out a little more. But let me put it this way - 
as of now, we are very happy. 
 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Thank you so much. Those are my questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Abhisek Banerjee. Abhishek, please go ahead. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Hey, congratulations guys on a great set of numbers. So first, with regards to your Express Parcel 
business, right. So how are you kind of looking at the in-sourcing trend right now? And I think last quarter 
also you mentioned that it is probably the worst is behind us. So how to kind of look at it as we go ahead. 
And I mean by you, you know, buying out Ecom Express, some of the capacity will be vanquished here, 
right? So would that not mean that a disproportionate kind of share has to come to you because otherwise 
you wouldn't have the capacity. If you could just explain this part, it will be great. 
 
Sahil Barua: 
I don't really need to, Abhisek you answered your question. So the reality is we do anticipate that we will 
accrue share. That obviously was the basis of the acquisition itself. As I have mentioned in the past, this 
industry was plagued with excess unproductive and loss-making capacity. Not just within Ecom Express 
but other players as well. And I think as the capacity in this industry becomes normalized and the 
interesting thing with Delhivery, and Delhivery is the only player in the industry who can do this, while 
we normalize capacity and reduce it in this industry, pricing of shipping will not go up. In any other 
industry, if you were to normalize capacity, you would imagine that pricing of logistics would go up. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
Given our inherent advantages in our cost structure, this will not happen. And hopefully, what that will 
mean over time is that customers will choose the right service for themselves, which is the highest quality 
service, the one with the highest reach and the one with the most efficient pricing. 
In terms of self logistics, you know, I've said this several times in the past, when looked at purely from a 
dispassionate lens of cost and service performance, self logistics businesses do not compare favorably 
with third-party logistics and certainly not with Delhivery's network. I've gone into this in extreme detail 
over the last two years. The fundamental logic hasn't changed. Wherever these self logistics arms are 
being run for non-financial reasons, in that situation, I suppose they can continue for any length of time. 
So nothing is fundamentally altered. I think the worst from a self logistics standpoint is behind us. I think 
the industry will continue to consolidate. I think Delhivery will get its share and we will solidify our 
position in this market.  
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Got it. Now if I look at your Capex outlook, Amit, always guided for about 5% odd number. Now given 
you are talking about almost Rs. 170 crores of automation Capex in line with e-comm. How do you kind 
of see the Capex number for the next couple of years? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Amit, do you want to come in? 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Abhisek, first of all, I think what we have said and Sahil reiterated earlier in the call is that our long-term 
guidance for the Capex is in the range of 3.5% to 4%. And what we expect is, over the next two years to 
three years, the Capex on automation equipment should be minimal. Now this, of course, is a bit 
dependent on how much growth we see organically in the market for us post the acquisition, but to put 
certain numbers in perspective, when we look at e-comm's DRHP, I think they filed that they have 
capacity to do about 120 million shipment sorts per month, whereas the volume retention that we have 
factored in our valuation would basically mean that we are retaining roughly only about 15 million per 
month. And let's assume there are two sorts. There are 30 million sorts per month. So in a sense, about 
35 million shipments per month additional parcel sorting capacity. That's a broad number. Now over a 
period of two or three years as this growth adds on to the business, we should not require to buy parcel 
sortation systems, we will require to buy bag sortation systems for our PTL and integrated PTL and B2C 
bag sorting at that point. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood. In terms of the integration cost of Rs. 300 crores that you spoke about, so the cash outgo for 
the acquisition will be only about Rs. 1400 crores and the rest passes through P&L. And finally, just one 
more question on the outlook on PTL growth going ahead, given you already are sitting on a very high 
base this year.  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
 
Sahil Barua: 
I think we've already answered the question on the integration costs, Amit. Is there anything else that you 
want to recap? 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
No. That Rs. 300 crores will pass through the P&L of Ecom Express, you're right. 
 
Sahil Barua. And in terms of the outlook for growth, again, I have discussed this already. I think our 
outlook for growth continues to remain positive in the PTL industry. As I mentioned, we've added nearly 
Rs. 800 crores plus in revenues between FY23 and FY25. That's the size of a reasonable number of PTL 
companies in India as a whole. So we will continue to go after this market. I think our belief is that there 
is a strong trend of movement from unorganized PTL towards organized PTL. I think there are a large 
number of origins that continue to remain highly under-served by organized high quality players like 
ourselves. And as you can see, we again have very large cost advantages that flow through and are visible 
not just in our Express Parcel P&L, but also in our PTL P&L. And those cost advantages allow us to 
service PTL customers across the country with a higher quality network, faster speeds, lower damages 
and highly competitive rates. So I see no reason for us to have any change in our growth expectations of 
the PTL business. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Superb, thanks. Best of luck for FY '26. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Dhruv Jain. Dhruv please go ahead. 
 
Dhruv Jain: 
Hi team, thanks for the opportunity. My first question was on the Express Parcel business. So in FY'25, 
the 3PL market was obviously facing challenges with respect to insourcing and weaker demand. Sahil, 
what's your take on FY'26? Do you think that the industry can go back to get growth? Or do you think 
that there could be certain headwinds that still come in the way? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
I mean, very bluntly, I don't care where the industry goes. I care about where Delhivery's volumes go. 
And our anticipation, of course, is that through the acquisition of Ecom Express, we will be able to grow 
faster. As I mentioned, there are two kinds of industry scenarios. One is an industry which is growing, 
let's call it, 18%, 20% a year or higher. In that situation, Delhivery will obviously get at least market 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
growth, if not more, because one of the challenges in this industry, of course, is creating capacity and 
managing capacity, and Delhivery is the only player which has the ability to manufacture productivity 
and capacity across the country. What also helps us, given that we're a freight denominated network, 
incremental volumes in Express Parcel are actually a very small fraction of overall tonnage carried in the 
network. And so the amount of extra capacity that we need to create pan India is very small. So that's the 
case where the market does very well. 
In the case where the market doesn't do very well and has sluggish growth, as you've seen in the last 
financial year and the year before, the reality is that it becomes highly unsustainable for other players to 
survive. The reality is while the market was growing, several errors in network design and pricing went 
relatively unnoticed for our competitors in this space. As we mentioned, the parcel only network model 
built around either franchise models or built around highly specific parcel origins is a poor model, and it 
doesn't deliver profitability, it doesn't work in a country like India. Delhivery is the model that works. 
And so in a world where parcel volumes remain sluggish, counterintuitively, perhaps Delhivery's 
competitive position is strengthened further. So the reality is the last two years of sluggish growth have 
accelerated our share of the overall profit pool of the industry, while maintaining market share. So 
irrespective of what happens to the market. I think from a Delhivery standpoint, we are very satisfied 
with where we are, and we anticipate that with this acquisition and consolidation, there will be additional 
growth in our parcel volumes. 
 
Dhruv Jain: 
So the second question that I had was on the customer additions, we've seen a very sharp customer 
addition for Delhivery over the last year or so. Just wanted to clarify, is this largely the PTL SME push 
that we're doing? Or is this also a lot of addition in the e-commerce business? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
It's both, Dhruv. So in the SME space, the gateway to Delhivery is effectively Delhivery One, which is 
where clients can access all of Delhivery services both Express Parcel as well as PTL, it's a self 
onboarding platform. And as more and more customers discover Delhivery services, they self sign on 
and we service them both on PTL and on Express Parcel. I don't have the exact numbers in terms of what 
number out of this extra growth has come from Express Parcel versus PTL, but it's both. And some are 
also coming in through our new service, which is an expansion of Delhivery Direct, which is our local 
service, which is essentially an on-demand three-wheeler, two-wheeler service that we've launched in the 
city of Ahmedabad and we've just gone live in Delhi. We also intend to go live in Bangalore and in 
Bombay over the next 45 days. So some of these are also SMEs coming into that platform. 
 
Dhruv Jain: 
Got it. Thanks. And all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Gaurav Rateria. Gaurav, please go ahead. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Hey, congrats on good execution on profitability. I have a couple of questions. My first question is just 
a little bit of a bridge to understand this quarter’s profitability, as I think last quarter had a certain one-
off cost on freight cost, which would have normalized. Also, there might have been some actions to 
rationalize the capacity which you mentioned in your remarks on service centers, et cetera, when you're 
talking about this quarter? The second question is on Express Parcel. You alluded to certain pricing 
actions. Historically, Delhivery has led any price action. Was it different this time? The third question is 
on working capital and Capex. A great job done. Going forward, do you think that we have achieved the 
level of working capital days that we've intended to in the past or is there a further room for improvement. 
And this Capex of 3.5 to 4%, is this something that you tend to achieve over the next two years? Just 
trying to understand the timeline is one year, two years or more like a medium-term outlook? Thank you. 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Sure. Amit, do you want to quickly start with Capex, and then I'll move on to the other items. 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure. So Gaurav, coming first to the working capital, I think on Express Parcel and Part Truckload 
businesses, while we don't disclose each business line wise working capital days, we are fairly close to 
our target number of days. I think there is still room to reduce working capital days in these two 
businesses by two to three days for each of them. However, in our Supply Chain Services business, we 
have a significant room for improvement. Hence, I would expect that over the next two, three years, you 
can expect one to two days improvement on an overall business basis for working capital. On Capex, I 
think there is a fair bit of chance that in FY27, we will be able to start hitting our long-term Capex targets 
on the back of excess automation equipment that we will acquire in Ecom acquisition. So yeah, it's fairly 
possible that FY27 onwards, our Capex would be in that 4% range rather than 5% range and will strive 
to maintain around that. 
 
Sahil Barua: 
In terms of pricing, I think, yes, historically, Delhivery has led pricing in this industry, as I've discussed 
several times every three years or so, we typically tend to make a big pricing move. I think last year was 
the one year where we did not lead the pricing move in the market. As I've mentioned, we did see that 
competition in this industry, in order to wrest short-term market share, took certain pricing calls, which 
at that time and perhaps in hindsight, we judged correctly. Our anticipation was that this pricing was 
suicidal and was untenable because the pricing appeared to be at a negative gross margin. So we waited 
it out, and that obviously reflected in our numbers in Q4 of the last financial year, and that overhang 
continued through this year, obviously. 
I think going forward, the way Delhivery will look at pricing is as we always have, which is when we 
discover systemic engineered efficiencies, that are sensible for us to pass on to our customers in a neatly 
sliced form, which means in a complex form that is dependent on origin, destination, the kinds of products 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
they're shipping, the quality of their customers, the weight of their packages and so on, we will continue 
to do so because our interest ultimately is in making our clients' businesses more viable. Fundamentally, 
in e-commerce, the reality is that logistics is a large input cost. And especially if you look at the three 
large marketplaces and even perhaps one level below them, one of the problems in this industry 
historically, and why there has been client-led pricing pressure, especially for our competitors, is that we 
essentially service customers who can't afford our services. And so we effectively have to continue to 
find efficiencies. Unlike competition in this industry, Delhivery has engineered those efficiencies rather 
than merely attempted to reduce price. So we'll take those calls on a case-by-case basis, on an origin-by-
origin basis, on a product-by-product basis. All our clients, of course, are eligible and we like to give 
them volume linked discounts and share of wallet linked discounts as we grow. That's a carefully chosen 
decision, however. So hard for me to comment on exactly what path it will take. But let me put it this 
way, suicidal price, I think, in this industry, more or less at this point in time has ended because I assume 
most players have seen the consequences of that kind of pricing. 
 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Thank you. And the first question that I had on the bridge on this quarter profitability with various 
elements such as normalization of freight costs, some reduction in excess capacity, et cetera? Thank you. 
 
Sahil Barua: 
We don't have an exact bridge at this point. But suffice to say, even if freight efficiencies had been 
discovered in Q3, you're right, we did have excess freight costs that we had carried right at the start of 
the quarter when volumes went up. But I think even adjusting for that, net-net, there has been an 
improvement in profitability QoQ. And if you look at it just in terms of reduction of excess freight centers 
or excess real estate, if you go back to the statistics slide at the start, the reduction in real estate is actually 
not that significant. I think it's from about 20.5 million square feet to about 20.1 million square feet or 
thereabouts. So yes, there is some impact, but it's not as significant. I think the big improvements have 
come really from organic improvements and fleet utilization, which have been driven both by an 
improvement because of automation and improvement because of software led loading of trucks, better 
routing of the trucks as well and obviously, much better and targeted business development. And of 
course, some of it is down to the sheer operating leverage because of the PTL business. 
 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Thank you. Very helpful. All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Koundinya Nimmagadda. Koundinya, please go ahead. 
 
Koundinya Nimmagadda: 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
Yeah Hi, Sahil, thanks for the opportunity. Three quick questions. Firstly, a book-keeping one. What 
would be the percentage of your largest customer today, it was about 16.5% or so number last year, what 
would that number be today? Book-keeping question on that. And the second one is on the Express Parcel 
realization versus margins. So we see the realizations going up, but margin per parcel has been trending 
down. Now the thing I was trying to understand is, is this realization going up due to the change in 
customer mix? And is that also the reason for a reduction in your margins over here? And the last question 
on the Ecom Express integration side. What was the reason why you assumed only 30% retention on the 
customer side? What was the fear out there in being so conservative? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
So I think the third question is the easiest. I think an optimist can never be pleasantly surprised. So the 
reality is it made sense for us to have a conservative basis for the valuation of the asset. And we are 
pleasantly surprised. So that's the short answer on Ecom Express. 
In terms of realization versus margin, yes, realizations have gone up, margins have trended down a little 
bit. You're right. It is entirely down to parcel mix. It's not just the mix in terms of clients, it's also the mix 
in terms of weight and distances, both of which also have an impact on overall profitability. That said, I 
do want to point out that I know it feels like there's been a systemic downtrend in margins from whatever 
18-odd percent to 16%. But that said, do bear in mind that as a lot of this pricing overhang in this market 
clears up, there's no reason for us to believe that we won't be able to get back to our 18% margin level. 
So I wouldn't read too much into this 18% versus 16% at this point. 
There's no structural change to the business. There's no structural change to our margin profile either, at 
this point in time. And in terms of the percentage of business from our largest customer, I think there's 
no major swing in terms of percentage of our business coming from the largest customer. In fact, as the 
PTL has grown the contribution of the largest customer would, in fact, have reduced. Amit, I don't have 
the exact numbers, would you happen to have that? 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sahil, last year we disclosed that our largest customer was about 16% of our revenues, 16%, I don't think 
there is a material change to this number. There will be some decimal point change here or there. 
 
Koundinya Nimmagadda: 
Understood. So just on that realization versus margin. As the industry opportunity moves away from the 
horizontal or the marketplace players, do you see a potential opportunity for Delhivery now being the 
largest player after the consolidation, perhaps having a significant share being able to take on price hikes 
and also drive margins. And also because here, you don't get volumes from a single concentrated 
customer, the volume aggregation risk also lies with Express Parcel players. So do you think that will 
also add like a competitive advantage for you? 
 
Sahil Barua: 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
Competitive advantages have not been determined by this acquisition. Our competitive advantages have 
been built over 14 years. So they will persist. In terms of taking price hikes, as I've mentioned in the past, 
there will be a time in this industry when pricing will begin to float up. As far as Delhivery is concerned, 
that will be the day that our productivity gains can no longer outpace inflation. As things stand, we 
continue to have fairly formidable engineering and software capabilities, which allow us to manufacture 
productivity ahead of inflation. As long as we continue to do that, I think the right answer for our 
customers and the right answer for all of India's manufacturers and traders, whether it's in B2C, e-
commerce or in B2B is for us to bring down the input cost of logistics. As we've mentioned, this is 
essential for our customers to be able to grow their businesses. And so as long as we're able to 
manufacture these efficiencies, we will continue to question our pricing and see whether there are ways 
for us to make it more affordable for our customers. So we're not at that point yet. That said, as I 
mentioned, all of this will be subject to absolute margins in our business as it continues to grow. 
 
Koundinya Nimmagadda: 
Understood. Thank you. And all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Aditya Mongia. Aditya, please go ahead. 
 
Aditya Mongia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I'll go ahead with my questions. The first question would be on this 
comment you made of new services and related Rs. 6 crore loss that you have booked in the adjusted 
EBITDA for the quarter gone by. Are these related to your quick commerce endeavors and if so, how to 
think through this loss-making number becoming profitable over a period of time. 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Yes, it is linked to the quick commerce, rapid commerce business because a number of the dark stores as 
they were set up, there's about a one month to one and half month period where these are tooled up and 
where customers begin to consign inventory into the dark stores. So they're essentially not generating 
any revenue at that point. It's not particularly dissimilar to how the fulfillment center in the Supply Chain 
Service business also operates. The only difference in the larger fulfillment centers, of course, is that we 
were able to negotiate rent-free periods for fit out and for consignment of inventory whereas in the dark 
store business, it takes a little bit of time. The dark stores are also at different stages of evolution. The 
ones that we currently have in Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad, I'd ask Ajith to come in just a minute. 
The way we are looking at it is the oldest cohort of dark stores starting to turn close to breakeven in Q2. 
And then sequentially, as other dark stores get there, this loss should come down. Ajith, do you want to 
comment on this in some more detail? 
 
Ajith Pai: 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
I think that's more or less what the situation is, Sahil. I think the only other point I would mention is that 
it does take some time for client onboarding due to integration with inventory systems. And that's the 
other variable, which decides how fast the orders ramp up. 
 
Sahil Barua: 
The other thing, Aditya, just to note, is that a part of this is also linked to the launch of our Delhivery, 
local Delhivery Direct business, which is the on-demand availability of three-wheeler and two-wheeler 
forms. We had launched in Ahmedabad and there's a supply creation phase where there are a certain 
amount of losses that we bear. We've also launched Delhi and Bombay, so there will be some amount of 
burn that will come from those two locations. And as those start scaling up, I think our anticipation is 
once we get to perhaps a couple of thousand orders a day in these cities that burn also starts dropping 
very significantly. We're already seeing an improvement in profitability in Ahmedabad. Now we've 
launched in Delhi, so that will negate some of the gains that we've had in Ahmedabad. But those are the 
two sources of the burn overall. 
 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. The second question that I had was on the Part Truckload segment. I just wanted to kind of 
check that as you incrementally want to improve margins from there on. Would improving yields have a 
bigger role to play from here on or an improving cost structure. In some ways also to understand what is 
the sophistication of the customers' needs and whether yields can be a fairly good way of us adding value 
and getting good value in return? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
It's a good question, Aditya. I think both things will happen going forward. There'll be improvements in 
yields as well as improvements in underlying productivity and operating leverage and scale as the 
volumes go up, I think the yield story is not done fully yet. We've gone from about Rs. 10.8 to Rs. 11.3. 
And as I mentioned, the Rs. 11.3 in Q4 includes HPCL, which is a shorter distance and hence a lower 
yield customer. So actual yield inflation has been more than that. I think yields will continue to go up. 
Most of the new business that Delhivery is developing on a monthly basis actually is coming in at very 
healthy yields. I think that's reflective of customers paying additionally for the express service that we 
provide. Customers are willing to pay an extra, whatever, Rs. 1 to Rs. 2 per kilogram for highly reliable 
express services pan India. So it's difficult for me to give an exact forecast about how the yield will look 
every quarter because as HPCL grows and as we get more customers like this, the short distance 
customers, the yield will sort of bounce around a little bit. But net-net, I do think that the yield story is 
not complete yet. In terms of cost structure, obviously, one of the big things is just straight-out operating 
leverage. As volumes go up, margins have continued to go up. But as I mentioned, there are very serious 
advantages that are now starting to show both because of the automation as well as because of our ability 
to yield-manage the trucks, which is effectively to manage what goes into what trailers. The other thing, 
obviously, is as our trailer form factors evolve going forward, which is still something which is in very 
early stages, we should see other additional benefits accruing to the PTL business. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
So let me put it this way. The important question at the start was can the PTL business turn profitable. I 
think that's been answered. Can we get to a 10%-plus kind of margin. That's also been answered. Will 
we get to our normative margins? I think we're very confident. Can margins float above even what the 
normative margins are that we've said in the past, I think even that's now looking like a real possibility. 
 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. Maybe one more question from my side. Sahil, this is on the Express Parcel segment. Now 
as you said, the last two sluggish years have made you even more competitive. You're now adding another 
acquisition that makes the scale also go up. As thinking what more needs to be done to kind of increase 
the share of pie with the captives. Is there something different that Delhivery needs to do? Or is it just a 
kind of wait and watch game, how should one think through it? Because from a cost perspective, that 
was the only reason why outsourcing and insourcing decisions have to be taken as it's becoming a little 
bit clearer how the captives should be thinking about it? And part B of this question is, as at some level, 
the fact that Delhivery may be the only large surviving third-party kind of option for captives, would 
there be other reasons why captives may think very differently about insourcing, outsourcing, and how 
to tackle that situation? 
 
Sahil Barua: 
So I think in terms of what Delhivery will have to do differently, I think there are a few things in our 
discussions with our key strategic customers and we've had several over the last couple of months, I think 
everyone is looking for kind of, for lack of a better way to put it, an off-ramp from captive towards third-
party logistics and are trying to find the right engagement model, I think there are areas where captive 
players have realized that they are particularly uncompetitive. And so rather than taking a one size fits 
all reduction in captive share of wallet, they're taking a more nuanced approach saying there are certain 
categories that it makes more sense for a third party to operate, for example, heavy goods or certain kinds 
of destinations or certain kinds of distances or certain kinds of origins or certain times of the year. So I 
think those are discussions that are ongoing. And as I mentioned, I think rather than a wholesale shift 
from captives, I think this kind of piecemeal shift quarter-on-quarter for the next several quarters is how 
we will go about it. It's also more easily digestible than deconstructing an already built-out network. So 
what Delhivery will have to do is to build all these capabilities. 
See we already have pretty solid capabilities on handling heavy, which is unique to us because of the 
PTL network. So we'll continue to ramp that up. Some of the marketplaces also are expanding their own 
service offerings. Some of them, for example, have gone out and retail players have launched into 
marketplaces. Now marketplaces are a specific area of competitive advantage for Delhivery. So as those 
grow, our advantages multiply. The second is some of them, for example, are now trying to do more 
B2B, now as they do B2B, that also is something that naturally comes to Delhivery better. So heavy B2B 
marketplace volume, certain destinations, those are the capabilities that we'll have to build. Fortunately, 
none of them is radically different from what we do today. We just have to identify these opportunities 
and have these discussions.  
In terms of how the captives are thinking, see, it's the same story. Financially, I've said this before, the 
captive model is more expensive and a franchise based captive model also delivers less reliable service 
than the Delhivery model. I think Delhivery being the only player or being a major player is not in and 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 16, 2025 
of itself something that I think the large marketplaces should worry about. We have a 14-year track record 
of being a reliable partner and of being able to build capacity when they need it most. E-commerce is still 
a highly peaky business. As an example, May is a peak month, August will be a peak month, September 
and October will be peak months, December and January are peak months for D2C. And it's difficult to 
build a network which has the capability to take all of that and really process it reliably. So I think the 
worries over time should fade. The second is we have a historical track record of aligning our pricing 
with their long term objectives. And so I do believe that what you will see from here on, if you ask me, 
is a closer, tighter and a more fruitful relationship between Delhivery and our largest marketplace clients. 
 
Aditya Mongia: 
Got that. Those are my questions, and all the very best. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. That last question. Please reach out to the IR team for any further questions. Before 
we end on behalf of Macquarie, I'd like to thank Delhivery for the opportunity to host this earnings call. 
Over to you Sahil, for any closing remarks. 
 
Sahil Barua: 
Thank you, Baiju, for hosting us. As I mentioned before, it is a strong end to the financial year. We're 
very happy with where we've ended up, especially Express Parcel margins have remained constant 
despite headwinds in the industry and in the PTL business, we've seen significant improvement in overall 
margins and also significant growth YoY. I think the last two years have really been about consolidation. 
It's been a slow grind in an industry that's faced a tough phase. We believe that as this industry 
consolidates, Delhivery is in a very solid position. And the foundation has been built. We've had a good 
start to FY26, and hopefully, this will continue. So thank you all for joining us again. Baiju, thanks for 
hosting us, and see you on the next analyst call. 
