May 09, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Corporate Relation Department 
 
 
 
Listing Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza,  
Rotunga Building Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street,  
 
 
 
 
 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Stock code: 500378  
 
 
 
 
Stock code: JINDALSAW  
 
 
SUB.: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Investor conference call on the financial results of the Company 
                         
Dear Sirs, 
 
This is with reference to the captioned subject and our letters dated April 29, 2025 and May 05, 2025.  
Please find attached the transcript of the conference call organized by the Company for analyst and 
investors on the Audited (Standalone & Consolidated) financial results (Q4FY25) of the Company for 
the quarter ended March 31, 2025 on Monday, May 05, 2025 at 05:00 PM (IST) and the same has also 
been uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
This is for your information and record please. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For JINDAL SAW LTD.,  
 
 
 
Sunil K. Jain 
Company Secretary 
FCS- 3056 
 
SUNIL 
KUMAR 
JAIN
Digitally signed by SUNIL KUMAR JAIN 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=110087, st=DELHI, street=WEST DELHI, l=WEST 
DELHI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=cae3445e545680b5a6a2b3c48701defa014a81587d8bcfa
c5d63574d4c845c00, 
pseudonym=f347d48c4d624af9a955e35e5c68f089, 
2.5.4.20=f3920032fcfecff0d9cf750fe7967b752ec364a68d4ef72da6ace9
9afc8dde4c, email=SUNIL.JAIN@JINDALSAW.COM, cn=SUNIL KUMAR 
JAIN 
Date: 2025.05.09 16:26:30 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Jindal Saw Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NEERAJ KUMAR – GROUP CEO & WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR, JINDAL SAW LIMITED 
MR. VINAY KUMAR – PRESIDENT & HEAD 
TREASURY, JINDAL SAW LIMITED 
MR. NARENDRA MANTRI – PRESIDENT, HEAD, 
COMMERCIAL & CFO, JINDAL SAW LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKASH SINGH – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Jindal Saw Q4 FY ‘25 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. 
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Singh. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vikash Singh: 
Thank you, Anushka. Good evening, everyone. From the Management side, we have with us 
Mr. Neeraj Kumar – Group CEO and Whole Time Director, Mr. Vinay Kumar – President and 
Head Treasury, and Mr. Narendra Mantri – President, Head, Commercial and CFO. 
 
Without taking any much time, I will hand it over to Mr. Neeraj Kumar for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Good afternoon, friends. Last Friday, we had our Board meeting, which was just following the 
audit committee meeting. And we have announced the Annual Results as well as the last Quarter 
Results.  
 
As you would have noticed in this results for the quarter as well as year, there are certain 
adjustments, I would say accounting adjustments, that have been made based on certain events 
on the NTPC, JITF Arbitration case and subsequent litigation which is going on in the High 
Court. Since the Single Bench Judge, which was at that point of time being presided by Dinesh 
Kumar Sharma, DK Sharma was the Single Bench Judge of High Court who gave this judgment.  
 
The judgment actually came as a big surprise to all of us. And therefore we have taken an expert 
opinion from one of the top luminaries in the country. He is of the view that the Single Bench 
Judge has probably heard. And he believes it's a very, very strong case for appeal. And therefore 
without wasting any time, we have filed the appeal from the Single Bench Judge now to the 
Double Bench Judge. One hearing has already happened. The Double Bench Judge did 
appreciate the urgency for hearing such case is that there is a merit. So, one has happened. The 
second hearing is on 22nd May.  
 
So at this point of time, we are in the middle of the scenario where the Single Bench Judge, the 
judgment came as a surprise to us. We have taken an expert opinion which believes that the 
judgment is appealable and we have a very, very strong case to go up the judicial process, which 
is now the double bench of High Court.  
 
In the meantime, a few other things have happened. And I want to cover all of those first before 
we get into the financial statements, because the financial statements impact these or have effect 
of these in bits and pieces and therefore I thought it would be best to cover this upfront. So that's 
as far as the judicial process is concerned.  

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
If you recall, so far we have received Rs. 850 crores in three tranches. The first one was MGQ 
one, Rs. 153 crores, then was Rs. 197 crores, and then Rs. 500 crores. All those moneys were 
guaranteed by bank guarantees. As of now, all that money has been repaid. JITF used its own 
sources. And the promoter company, which is the promoter holding company, which is the 
family war chest has provided financial support. And the entire Rs. 850 crore has been repaid to 
NTPC as we speak. All the bank guarantees have been returned. And so that transaction is also 
complete.  
 
A few important points here: 
A, Rs. 850 crores have been repaid within a few days of the judgment of Single Bench Judge 
coming. Jindal Saw has not paid a single penny. All bank guarantees have been returned. The 
support came from the promoter group company.  
 
Now, as far as this Arbitration award is concerned, there is everything to gain for JITF. There is 
nothing to lose in the sense that assuming the most unlikely, most extreme situations that the 
Single Bench judgment just carries through the entire judicial process, there is no counter claim 
that NTPC has made. So, JITF would not be subjected to any incremental financial burden 
irrespective of what the outcome of the judicial judgments going forward are. 
 
However, if the judgment goes in favor of JITF, Double Bench and Supreme Court, then JITF 
has everything to gain. The entire amount along with interest would be paid to JITF. So, JITF 
will have all the gain. The entire money will come to JITF. That is as far as the cash flow is 
concerned.  
 
So again, to summaries, please, now take note that irrespective of whatever is the outcome of 
the final judgment, there cannot be any financial burden on JITF. All the money that was 
received has been repaid. 
On the contrary, if the decision goes in favor of JITF, it gets back everything including interest, 
which is interest even on this Rs. 850 crores for the date that it is out. That's the cash flow impact. 
JSAW has not put in a single penny as yet. But if all those money comes to JITF, definitely 
JSAW will be a beneficiary, and I will come to that in a minute.  
 
Now let's look at the accounting of JITF: 
JITF as you know, once it got into this litigation, arbitration, did not have a regular or a very 
high revenue stream because it all got wrapped up into this litigation. There are this set of 25 
barges which are still floating. And they are kind of managing themselves. So, it's a small 
income, small expense. They kind of take care of each other. And JITF is, at this point of time, 
operations only surrounding those flying of 25 barges in the Hooghly area which is happening.  
 
On the balance sheet of JITF, to fund this NTPC project and subsequently to fund losses and all 
of those, there have been some debt. Some quasi debt, some instruments were like RPS etc., 

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
which had a kind of repayment possibility but also had a possibility of converting into equity. 
That's why I call them quasi-equity instruments and some debt.  
 
Now in terms of the accounting parlance, few steps have been taken: 
Rs. 144-146 crores of amortized lease receivable from NTPC which was kept alive in the balance 
sheet of JITF has been now completely written off which you would see in the consol results. 
Rs. 235 crores of deferred tax assets which were created on account of the carry forward losses 
have again all been written back, have all been de-recognized.  
 
So that makes it an impact of around Rs. 400 crores on the balance sheet. But it's important again 
to note both of them are just reversing what had been created in the past. So, it has a P&L impact 
for this year. But it has got zero cash impact either on JITF or on JSAW.  
 
Also, all these instruments, they were there, quasi-instruments and the debt instrument, we are 
converting each one of them to equity. It is being done in a few steps. The eventual equity 
shareholding of JITF would be Jindal Saw would own 57%, Siddheshwari would own 42.06%. 
And the foreign partner would have less than 1%.  
 
Now, once all these conversions have taken place, then there would be minimal debt or any 
instrument which has any repayment obligation on the balance sheet of JITF. So, it's important 
for me to explain why did we took all these steps.  
 
I repeat. The judgment came as a surprise and therefore we took it very seriously, took a very 
firm legal opinion and took immediate legal action. All cash flow impact Rs. 850 crores have 
been done without Jindal Saw’s cash flow getting strained in any manner. It was JITF funds as 
well as the promoter group fund, which has done.  
 
Accounting, we have derecognized the accumulated losses, the deferred tax assets as well as the 
unamortized lease rental. And we have converted all the quasi-instruments into equity. The final 
equity, as I have told you with this there would be minimal obligation on part of JITF to pay 
anything to anybody at any time.  
 
All these have been done based on a lot of careful thinking, expert advice and to make sure that 
we take a very appropriate or a situation which can cater to the extreme impossible scenario, but 
still now it caters to that and therefore all these decisions have been taken in one go.  
 
We are keeping JSAW as still a parent company of JITF because we are still very hopeful that 
all this money, which is the arbitration amount plus the interest, will come to JITF. It's only a 
matter of going through this legal process. At that point of time, all this money would flow to 
different shareholders.  

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
That is where this 57% becomes important. Jindal Saw will get 57%, Siddheshwari will get 42% 
and the foreign partner will get less than 1%. So, there is no downside for Jindal Saw, but there 
is every upside of whatever money that JITF receives. It will have a 57% share on that.  
 
So that completes very comprehensively our discussion on the litigation, JITF, NTPC, where we 
stand and what is our future strategy. The impact of all this you would have seen in the 
consolidated financials, and you would have also noticed that in the standalone financials, there 
is zero impact.  
 
Let me now turn attention to the Results: 
The last quarter results or if you look at the year-on-year results, it would appear that the results 
are plateauing. They are similar to what we did last year. Whether it is turnover, whether it is 
EBITDA, whether it is PBT, PAT, everything appears in a band where it can be saying that the 
performance has been plateauing, which is indeed the case except these comments, which I am 
going to make.  
 
A, the last quarter usually is the strongest quarter. This year, after the election year, there were 
not enough budgetary allocations which got released and therefore the water infra projects, 
especially in Jal Jeevan Mission got held up. That has impacted the last quarter's execution and 
that's where you will see there is a dip in the last quarter top line which is usually not the case. 
It's an anomaly.  
 
Looking at that, we also deliberately slow down taking of orders because we have enough orders, 
but as I have been saying in the past, we want to, typically, we want to have 9 to 12 months, 9 
to 10 months of order book is where we like because that gives us time for the raw material, 
production, supply, invoicing and collection. So, because there was going to be a plateauing in 
the last quarter, we slowed down the taking of orders as well.  
 
Based on the national budget, all this has been corrected. Jal Jeevan Mission has got Rs. 60-
70,000 crores. The project is taking off and slowly as the money would percolate, we hope that 
next quarter, which is Q2 onwards, we should see the full impact of the growth trajectory for 
these water projects and oil and gas projects. So, Q1 may also see a result which is similar to 
what we saw in Q4.  
 
Going down, foreign exchange has been stable. In fact, Dollar has weakened. Rupee has 
strengthened. That had a positive impact on our financial charges, and therefore it did contribute 
to the improvement in the financial charges. On a standalone, if you see EBITDA, as we have 
always been saying, now we are going to be in the 19 to 20 range. We maintain that, and we 
shall be maintaining the 19% to 20% EBITDA in the coming year as well. That is what our 
estimate is.  
 
Luckily, the raw material prices are in a band where the commodity prices seem to be stable and 
easing out. Going forward, looking at the China scenario, we don't see any disruption in the 

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
commodity prices because China will have to do a lot of balancing in their supply chain and the 
commodity sale. So, we expect that it should be in a reasonable range only.  
 
Coming to the U.S. tariff: 
The commodity stability in commodity prices is the kind of one of the impacts, secondary result 
of the U.S. tariff. But directly U.S. tariffs doesn't have much impact on us because India has not 
levied any reciprocal tariff. No other country has gone that way. Only China has put the 
reciprocal tariff on US. So, we do not export much to U.S., or it's a very minimal that we export 
to US. So, U.S. tariff is not going to impact us.  
 
Indian tariffs have not changed, so any import would not. No other country has followed this. 
So, every country that we export to, it's all status quo. So, the direct impact of U.S. tariffs on 
Jindal Saw’s performance, the answer is nil. The indirect impact is stability in commodity prices, 
because China will have to make its adjustments.  
 
Likewise, now let's shift to the consolidated results. Everything is similar to standalone except 
for, you would see that in the PBT, you would have that impact of Rs. 146 crores and in the tax 
which in consolidated results appears as 386. You will have that impact of 235 or deferred tax 
being the conversion of other quasi-instruments et cetera into equity. It's a balance sheet item. It 
doesn't show up anywhere here, but already I have given you all those details.  
 
Otherwise, there is nothing much in the consolidated results except status quo plateau 
performance, where everything is kind of moving at a very high capacity utilization. Things are 
happening. There was little hold back in the last quarter because of the Government of India, I 
would say budgetary release of funds. Otherwise, there is not much that we can talk about on 
those consolidated and single results.  
 
Sale quantity also if you compare year-on-year, they seem to be similar. Already spoke about 
the order book. 1.4 billion last year, 1.325, the marginally lower, more of a deliberate strategy 
because we were seeing some slowdown in Q4. So, it will come back because yesterday only 
we got a very good order from Saudi. So, the order book will come back. The ratio of export to 
domestic remains similar in the range of 23% to 25%.  
 
So, status quo this year also appears to be a by and large, status quo except for a few comments 
that I am going to make. So, the year '26 also appears like similar to what was there in '24, what 
was there in '25 except that some of the CAPEX that we have already incurred in the last one or 
two years, capacity expansion in DI in Haresamudram, capacity expansion in seamless in 
Nashik, cost reduction initiatives like introduction of PCI 3rd Coke Oven Battery in Pragpur, 
subsequent generation of energy from waste to heat.  
 
So, those will have an impact, which will be a positive impact on the 2026 standalone financials. 
Otherwise, we can take it again as a status quo, but once we have the full impact of Nashik, once 

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
we have a full impact of the Haresamudram, those capacities going up, the cost impact then it 
would make a visible impact on the financials of '26.  
 
As you would have seen, our focus on debt continues to remain very tight and the term loan has 
gone down to, I would say now we have repaid some further after what has been shown in the 
March. So, our term loan is now in the vicinity of Rs. 600 to Rs. 700 crore. Our net worth would 
be in the vicinity of close to Rs. 10,000 crores.  
 
So, Rs. 10,000 crores of net worth, term loan of close to Rs. 600 crores, working capital is around 
Rs. 1,800, which is again an improvement over the last year because last quarter since there was 
too much focus on collection and that helped us reduce our working capital. The debt profile is 
well under control and would remain that way.  
 
Still we are looking at new projects. We are looking at what all we can do on the top of the 
goodwill and everything that we have created in KSA especially when we completed our neom 
project. What all we can do in India? Already, as I said, the seamless, the DI have already been 
upgraded, capacity is being added. Bhilwara, as you know, we have a commitment and assurance 
to the Government of Rajasthan for the steel project. So, now these things have been brought on 
the drawing board, and we are looking at each one of them carefully. Maybe by next quarter, we 
may have firmed up on a plan of action. And then we would let you know.  
 
One thing that again, I wish to assure you, that we would be diligent. Those things would be 
planned in such a manner that there is no cash flow strain. The debt does not go out of whack. 
We keep an eye on our rating, which is Double A, and it's significant to mention that even after 
this JITF Single Bench judgment, we repaid everything, the rating has not changed. The rating 
people were not at all worried about anything. That's an important thing which should be 
mentioned. So, we will keep an eye on our rating.  
 
We will keep an eye on the opportunities, and we will examine all these projects and then put 
them on our timeline so that they give the fillip for the next round of quantum growth without 
impacting the debt structure or the capital structure of the company beyond what we have 
achieved so far.  
 
This year also, since the results were similar, we have maintained the same dividend payout. 
Idea is to conserve cash as we are looking for now getting into some new projects. As I 
mentioned, I have given indication to a few that we are looking at. Next quarter, maybe I would 
have more to tell you.  
 
The Hunting JV is doing well. This year, the proportion of profit which has come in the 
consolidated financial results, PAT from Hunting is about Rs. 27 crores. So that would give you 
and that in the first year of operations, it has earned a profit of Rs. 50 crore plus. They are full 
on order book at this point of time. At this point of time, we do have a first mover’s advantage. 

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
On premium connection, we are the only one currently operating in India and we are doing well. 
That should continue to do well.  
 
That I think more or less covers everything that I wanted to tell you in my opening remark. Let 
me stop here now and take a few questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Poojan Shah from Molecule Ventures. Please proceed. 
Pujan Shah: 
Hello. Sir, the first question would be on the JJM side. So we know that there is a slowdown in 
JJM Mission from last 8-9 months. So, how is the current demand and what is the order book 
now we have been getting out in terms of traction and all that stuff? Did the state or the center 
has been releasing the funds? And continuing with the same question, we have also listened 
about the JJM fund has been slashed by 50% by the Government. So then how the economics 
will work? Do the project which has been liable to complete, so can you just give a broad thought 
on it? 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Okay, Jal Jeevan Mission, what appeared as a budgetary delay of funds has all been restored. 
This year, the Government has released Rs. 70,000 crores. So, that puts the JJM projects on 
track. The full impact of that would come in Q2 onwards. And you said 50% slash. I don't think 
that is the case.  
 
The state Governments as well as JJM put together are going full throttle on water infra projects. 
Now even the states with the help of multilateral agencies, some from their own sources are 
going ahead. So the demand for the water infrastructure is very good giving rise to a lot of 
demand for pipe.  
 
In fact, now many of the states have come up with a new business model, which they call HAM, 
which is a hybrid annuity model where the EPC contractors are expected to participate in a big 
way wherein they become a partner with the Government even in putting equity and then they 
implement the whole project, do the O&M for a period of time and then hand over. So, that's the 
term that they use is HAM, which is Hybrid Annuity Model. And it's a mix of PPP build, operate, 
transport, build, operate transfer and also on as you progress in the project. So, there is a talk 
about… 
Pujan Shah: 
Sir, just a follow-up question on the... 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Sorry. 
Pujan Shah: 
Yes, just a follow-up question. Your voice was not clear on the, so when you will see the full 
impact of JJM? In April? May?  
Neeraj Kumar: 
Q2 FY2026 will see the full impact of all the water infra projects, including JJM projects coming 
on the growth trajectory. 

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Pujan Shah: 
Right. Got it, sir. And in terms of funds, there is no challenge as of now. But do you feel after 
2028 when the Jal Jeevan Mission will get completed, there will be a need of that mission or any 
other mission which will have that facility for the aggregate supply of water? Or it will restore 
through like any other mission like that? 
Neeraj Kumar: 
See, if you look at today, the water grid system in every state, there is still a lot of headroom to 
go because there is a lot of flooding still. If you look at the aggregate amount of rainfall in a 
country for the full year, aggregate all over geography, and if you add up all your consumption 
of water again full year aggregate, all they get balanced.  
 
But still there are places where there is no water, and there are places where there is flooding. 
There are places where all the excess good water flows into the sea. So, this water management 
grid, there is a lot of scope to do this management wherein the sources, the storage, the 
distribution and the timeline is such that all this mismatches on a timely basis, seasonal basis 
can be met and therefore there is a lot of scope which still can be seen river diversion.  
 
A few announcements that Government has recently made may also give rise to a lot of 
opportunities. So, there is a lot of options or a lot of opportunities going to come in water infra 
projects for at least next five to seven years. 
Pujan Shah: 
Got it. And then my last question would be on the DI side. So, we know that the many companies 
are expanding their capacity and even we have getting some better option, little products like 
OPVC. So, do you think that will be a challenging part in terms of DI pricing and realizations 
coming? 
Neeraj Kumar: 
No. See, the demand, the growth in demand will take care of all the capacity. Number two, even 
if there is this incremental capacity, we would always at the core because we have a cost 
advantage, we have a locational advantage, and we have an advantage of being an established 
player in the market. So, any newcomer will have a higher burden of interest depreciation, their 
cost of production, manpower, everything for them would be a challenge, and we would be 
sitting in our leadership position. So, therefore, those additional capacity et cetera does not 
bother us much. 
Pujan Shah: 
In terms of optionality products like OPVC, do you see the replacement of DI would be, like, 
there would be any replacement for it or it won't exist because of the quality of product? 
Neeraj Kumar: 
DI has not been replaced anywhere in the world. If you look at Europe, in fact, what we expect 
as the country develops and the people, the Government and everybody becomes more cautious 
towards portable water, we expect that DI should be used even in the smaller diameter where 
HDPE et cetera is being used because from a health perspective, from a quality perspective, from 
a product life cycle, if you take the full life cycle, a DI pipe can last up to 40-50 years. No HDPE 
pipe lasts for that long.  

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
So, if you see during a full life cycle, the redigging and the relaying, then those options become 
much more expensive option. In some cases, they have become an impossible option because if 
you have an urbanization then, you know, keep on digging all over the city becomes that much 
of a problem. So, as these realizations come into Government and the users, we expect DI to not 
only stay, but to also replace others even in the smaller diameter. 
Pujan Shah: 
Right. Got it, sir. thanks for the opportunity. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is able to address 
questions from all participants in the conference, please limit your questions to two per 
participant. The next question is from the line of Vedant Sarda from Nirmal Bang Securities 
Private Limited. Please proceed. 
Vedant Sarda: 
Hello. Sir, my query is regarding the cash losses we have faced in our subsidiaries. Like in 
current year, it is around Rs. 357 crore, and last year it was Rs. 157 crore, JITF part. 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Can you come again?  
Vedant Sarda: 
Sir, in JITF, Rs. 345 crores of cash losses in the current year and Rs. 157 crore cash loss in 
previous year. 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Rs. 157 crore of cash loss, 57. 
Vedant Sarda: 
In previous year. And 345 in the current year. 
Neeraj Kumar: 
So, 146 is considered as a cash loss. See, I don't have those figures in front of me. So, why don't 
I suggest that please write to us. RAJEEV Goyal, today he is not joining us on this call. He is 
not in the office. He would answer that very specific accounting entry because broadly I have 
given you everything in terms of the adjustments, but if you really want to know that specific 
thing or have you found one? 
Vedant Sarda: 
It isn't reported in the CARO report. 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Just hold. Mantri is trying to answer that. Narendra Mantri is our CFO. So, he just got that. 
Narendra Mantri: 
Current year numbers which you are seeing is inclusive of this Rs. 146 crore, which we have 
explained earlier. So, if you exclude that number, then both the numbers are at the same range. 
Vedant Sarda: 
That Rs. 345 crore is impact of deferred tax. 
Narendra Mantri: 
No, no. Deferred tax is after this. I am saying Rs. 146 crore, this reversal of JITF unamortized 
assets, so that is inclusive of, that Rs. 350 crore inclusive of that. So, if you exclude Rs. 146 
crore out of that. 

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Vedant Sarda: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is able to address 
questions from all participants in the conference, please limit your questions to two per 
participant. The next question is from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, on the order inflow, your comment that you expect 
JJM to come back in Q2, have you seen any green shoots in terms of the bidding for the projects 
or any tenders for the water projects that have already started? Have you seen that in April 
month? 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Yes. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
And on the inflow side, should, yes, sir. That was my question.  
Neeraj Kumar: 
Answer is yes. That's why I am telling you our confidence of it picking up in Q2 comes from 
that yes, things have begun to happen in terms of tenders, in terms of discussions and all of those 
we have seen in many states.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
Okay. A relative question to that. Sir, in this environment of weak demand, has there been any 
correction in terms of the DI pricing?  
Neeraj Kumar: 
No. When there is a weak demand, see, that's why we slowed down our order and what we are 
executing is order which has already been taken. You must understand DI, once you bid, that 
price more or less holds true for the next six to seven months. So, these kind of temporary 
connections do not impact the DI prices or margins in the long run. There are few because today 
what we would be bidding, we would be running with those prices for the next 6 to 8 months, 
but it will not impact my Q1 if there is a certain drop in the raw material price or there is a 
slowdown or anything. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Understood.  
Neeraj Kumar: 
But as far as we are concerned, we are confident of maintaining our EBITDA margin around 
between 19% and 20% that EBITDA margin would be maintained on a on a full all product 
basis.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
Got it. Sir, in the order book that we mentioned that we have 13 lakh tons of order book in terms 
of pipe. How much would be the DI pipes again?  
Neeraj Kumar: 
Hold, probably you got that wrong. I said we have an order book of $1.3 billion, not lakh ton.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
So, there is a mention of 13 lakh tons in your PPT. Hence that question.  

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Yes, that 13 lakh is there. But I did not mention it in my speak. So, you are referring to the PPT, 
then it's fine. I just wanted to make sure that you are speaking of number from PPT, yes.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
How much would be DI pipes?  
Neeraj Kumar: 
That’s about nine months. Sorry.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
How much would be DI pipes out of the 13 lakh? 
Neeraj Kumar: 
DI pipe would be around 6.25 lakhs.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
6.25. Okay, got it. And this number sequentially, how is it moved, sir? That 6.25 lakh.  
Neeraj Kumar: 
This number? 
Deepak Lalwani: 
How is it sequentially moved between Q3 and Q4, sir? 
Neeraj Kumar: 
As I told you, the order book has come down. So, it has come down from 6.8 to 6.3. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Understood. Got it. Sir, last question from my side. The debottlenecking CAPEX that we are 
taking in DI and the seamless, some minor capacity addition that we are doing in Nashik, how 
much should these two initiatives add to our volumes in FY '26?  
Neeraj Kumar: 
Nashik capacity would go to 4.5 lakh tons, and we would add about 1 lakh ton in Haresamudram. 
The total capacity in Nashik, 4.5, and Haresamudram, old capacity plus 1 lakh ton.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
Got it. Sir, I was trying to gauge the utilization that you can achieve. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Deepak. Hello, sorry to interrupt. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Yes. I just wanted to complete this question. Okay. 
Moderator: 
All right. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Yes. Can I go ahead? 
Moderator: 
Hello. Sir, I would request you to return to the question queue for follow up questions. Hello. 
The next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. Please proceed. 
Radha: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. And I wanted to thank you specifically for the detailed 
opening remarks, especially on JITF. My first question was you mentioned in your opening 
remarks that current capacity are already running at full utilization. So, from a base of FY '25 on 
the pipe front, how much volume growth are you expecting in the next two to three years? 

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Basically my question was regarding, I wanted to understand what is the road map to achieve 
Rs. 5,000 crores of EBITDA from a current base of Rs. 3,400 crores of EBITDA. 
Neeraj Kumar: 
You have put a lot, lot many questions including A speculative question which is the EBITDA 
going to 5,000 from 3,000. Where did you get this 5,000 number from? 
Radha: 
No, sir, for that only I wanted the road map. So, currently we are doing Rs. 3,400 crores of 
EBITDA. 
Neeraj Kumar: 
But the road map is… 
Radha: 
So, I wanted to get the visibility to... 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Madam, hold. 
Radha: 
Yes, sir. 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Five is not a number that company has ever put out in the public domain. The way you asked 
your question, it look like somebody, somewhere from the company side has put the five in 
public domain. So, that is not so. Simple question, 5 or 4 or 3 or 6, at this point of time, the 
company is in the range of 3,300. 3,400. As you said, the road map for next two to three years 
is Seamless going from the present to 4.5 lakh, DI adding 1 lakh ton.  
 
On large Dia, we expect that maybe there is a headroom because as you know in large Dia pipes 
because of the changeover, the thickness etc., there is a headroom. We can expect 10% to 15% 
growth. So, these are the three that we are going to get in terms of volume growth over the next 
two to three years. We will be getting cost reduction on account of coke oven, on account of 
PCI, and on account of other. Then we would get an incremental margin on account of things 
like threading, premium connection, OCTG, value added products, stainless steel and all of 
those.  
 
So, next two to three years, you will see the growth and improvement from three buckets. A, 
moving towards value add, more coating, more stainless, higher grades, some volume because 
of these capacity and improvement in EBITDA because of the reduction in the cost because of 
the initiatives that have already been taken. That's what the impact is going to be over the next 
three years. And that is for you to make your assessment of where that current 3,300 or 3,400 
EBITDA reaches. 
Radha: 
Yes, sir. Just wanted to clarify. This 5,000 crores was my estimate and was not stated by the 
company. And to achieve this number, I basically wanted to understand whether over the next 
three years achieving 13% to 15% volume growth is possible considering the capacities that we 
have. 

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Yes, as I have given you all the guidelines and now I would leave it to your judgment. And still 
if you need some more input, I would encourage you please write to the company. We will get 
back to you and we can have a longer discussion so that it gives you whatever more inputs that 
you need. 
Radha: 
The second question, sir, is regarding...  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Ms. Radha. Hello, sorry to interrupt. I would request you to return to the 
question queue. 
Radha: 
Yes, ma’am. The response, the second response was actually to clarify that it was not the 
guidance from the management. It was not a question. So, is it okay if I go on with the second 
question? 
Moderator: 
I would request you return to the queue.  
Radha: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surbhi Saraogi from Nexome Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Surbhi Saraogi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is regarding the fall in selling prices of DI pipes. 
When do you expect the prices to be correct? 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Again, Madam, you have also asked another speculative question. Where have we ever said that 
our DI prices are falling? 
Surbhi Saraogi: 
No. Sir… 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Our DI prices stay stable, and we don't expect any fall in our DI price, and therefore the 
correction of whatever that you are talking about is not relevant to as far as Jindal Saw is 
concerned. 
Surbhi Saraogi: 
No, sir. I was talking about the market prices, not regarding our order book. 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Madam, market price, what constitutes market price? The order book constitutes a market price. 
Jindal Saw is not reducing any of its DI price. Full stop. We don't expect the price to be reduced 
in the near future. We are getting orders at the prices. We are maintaining our NSR. We are 
maintaining our margins. 
Surbhi Saraogi: 
Okay, sir. Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Vikash Singh for closing comments. 

 
 
Jindal Saw Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Vikash Singh: 
Thank you, operator. I would like to thank Jindal Saw management for giving us the opportunity 
to host the ConCall. Now, I will hand over to Mr. Neeraj Kumar for his closing remark. Over to 
you, sir. 
Neeraj Kumar: 
Thank you all the investors. Probably I expect, I thought that there were a few more questions 
that you may wanted to ask. But as I said, I encourage all of you that please write to us. We 
would encourage a one-to-one discussion or maybe even a group discussion so that all your 
questions get answered. Some of the detailed accounting ones where I don't have the detail, we 
will answer you. And thank you all very much. With that comment, enjoy. See you next quarter. 
We continue to do well, and we will continue to put in our efforts. Thank you. Bye. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
