 
Date : 03.06.2025 
Place: Hyderabad 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
BandrakKurla Complex, Bandra East 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Q4 FY25 Results conference call hosted on 2nd June, 2025 - Reg. 
BSE Scrip code: 513228 / NSE Symbol: PENIND 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 & 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our Results conference call intimation dated 22nd and 
28th May, 2025, please be informed that the Results conference call for Q4 FY25 was hosted on 
2nd June, 2025 and the Transcript of the conference call is enclosed for information and record. 
 
The same will be made available on the Company’s website viz., www.pennarindia.com.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
for Pennar Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Mirza Mohammed Ali Baig 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS 29058 
Mirza 
Mohammed Ali 
Baig
Digitally signed by Mirza 
Mohammed Ali Baig 
Date: 2025.06.03 
13:19:08 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
   
 
 
 
“Pennar Industries Limited 
Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 02, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ADITYA RAO – VICE CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – PENNAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SHRIKANT BHAKKAD – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – PENNAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. MANOJ – VICE PRESIDENT, CORPORATE 
PLANNING – PENNAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. K.M. SUNIL – VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR AND 
MEDIA RELATIONS – PENNAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. VIKRAM SURYAVANSHI – PHILLIPCAPITAL 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
of Pennar Industries Limited, hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. Please note that 
this conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Thank you, Pooja. Good morning, and a very warm welcome to everyone. Thank you for being 
on the call of Pennar Industries Limited. We are happy to have with us the management of 
Pennar Industries for question-and-answer session with the investment community. The 
management is represented by Mr. Aditya Rao, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Shrikant Bhakkad, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Manoj, Vice President, Corporate Planning; and 
K.M. Sunil, Vice President, Investor and Media Relations. Before we start with the question-
and-answer session, we'll have opening comments from the management. 
 
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Aditya for opening comments. Over to you, sir. 
Aditya Rao: 
Thank you so much. I hope my voice is audible. If there are issues on the clarity, please don't 
hesitate to let us know, and we will try to address them. So good day, and thank you to all of 
you for joining us for Pennar Industries Q4 Investor Conference Call and for the financial year 
ending March 2025. We're pleased to have this opportunity to walk you through our recent 
performance and share insights into our strategic direction. So today's session will begin with a 
review of our fourth quarter and our full year results. 
 
We will be focusing on key metrics such as revenue, profit before tax, working capital dynamics 
and major growth drivers. Following this overview, Mr. Shrikant Bhakkad, our CFO, will 
present a detailed financial analysis, and we will conclude with a Q&A session to address your 
questions. Let me start with the performance highlights for Q4 and FY '25. 
 
In the fourth quarter, our revenue rose by 10.1%, reaching INR905.8 crores. PBT climbed by 
20.35% to INR47 crores. For the full fiscal year, revenue expanded 3.1% to INR3,226 crores 
with our PBT showing an overall 20.5% we have reached INR158.4 crores in PBT, which is 
our highest ever. Our revenue growth drivers for the next few quarters continue to be our PEB 
division. We anticipate continued double-digit growth in our PEB line. This is supported by a 
healthy order backlog and improved capacity utilization. 
 
Raebareli plant continues to scale and improve its performance. And on the back of that, we 
expect this business to achieve significant growth and to be a significant growth engine in this 
fiscal -- FY '26. Ascent, our U.S. subsidiary, their performance remains strong. It's backed also 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
by a growing active order backlog. We also forecast double-digit increases in both revenue and 
PBT for the current fiscal in Ascent. Body in White is another of our prioritized views. We've 
onboarded key clients, including Hyundai, Ceer Automotive, Taiwood, Ashok Leyland and 
Maruti. 
 
Ongoing capacity expansions have started contributing to revenue growth. And in the next 
following quarters, we will see this capacity come online. There are good meaningful revenue 
gains in this year for this business unit as well. Engineering Services has continued to scale 
efficiently. We expect sustained revenue growth in this segment for the next few quarters. 
Hydraulics has seen an uptick in order backlog, fueling our confidence in revenue expansion. 
This fiscal will see strong hydraulics growth as well. 
 
Boilers and process equipment is geared for robust double-digit growth. We are actively scaling 
our order backlog activities to support this trajectory. Let me move now to profitability and 
margins. While the growth vectors that I mentioned, PEB, asset, BIW, engineering services, 
hydraulics and boilers and process equipment will continue to drive our revenue growth. Our 
profitability, it's important for us, as I mentioned on my previous calls, for us to continue to 
continuously scale it. 
 
So PBT margin for Q4 now stands at 5.2%, and we expect to improve this figure as we increase 
the share of our higher-margin businesses in our revenue portfolio. Capital efficiency metrics, 
our ROCE is at 21.5% and Return on Equity is 11%. We are targeting significant improvements 
in both metrics over the course of this financial year and over the next -- in the medium term as 
well. 
 
Our working capital currently stands at 76 days. This is one number where we came in slightly 
above our ideal range. This was due to the capital employed being a snapshot number, elevated 
raw material costs and ensuring that we have what we need for our order backlog impacted 
higher procurement. 
 
So we anticipate this will normalize. Very, very short term, we should reach 72 days and a long-
term target of 60 days. We do not, as management, see an issue here. This is by design that it's 
at 76, but we should expect very quick moderation in this. Let me stop there and hand over to 
our CFO, Shrikant, for his detailed overview of our performance for the quarter and for the 
financial year. 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Thanks, Aditya. Welcome to the shareholders and investors for the fourth quarter FY '25 
earnings call. Total revenue is INR905.8 crores, up from INR82.8 crores, overall increase of 
INR83 crores, which is up by 10%. EBITDA has increased from INR81.31 crores to INR98.4 
crores. It is up by 21% and PBT has increased by 20.35% at 5.2% and up by 44 basis points. 
PAT has increased overall by INR23.98 crores. It is now at 3.94% and up by 44 basis points. 
 
Going through the details on each of these metrics. Revenue has grown from diversified 
engineering business as well as increase coming from 14% from customized design building 
solutions. And as a result, our blend revenue has increased by 10.09% -- keeping continued 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
focus to improve our margins and cut down the sales with the lower margin businesses, you see 
the growth in the profit -- in the revenue as well as the profitability. 
 
The growth in the customized design Building Solution is a result of Raebareli plant, which is 
now functional and started yielding growth. The custom design Building Solutions revenue is 
now at INR460 crores compared to INR403 crores, up by 14%. PEB India order book has 
increased to INR780 crores and PEB U.S., it has reached INR53.1 million. Other income 
includes deposit income, income from mutual funds, road map incentives, exchange fluctuation, 
collection of old receivables and write-back of debtors. 
 
Employee benefit expense increased by INR9.43 crores on account of increment and wage 
revisions of workers on account of and as well as additional plant at Raebareli aggregating to 
some INR4.7 crores and increase at subsidiaries at INR468 crores. Moving next on finance cost. 
Overall increase in finance cost is at INR7.44 crores at a consolidated level, out of stand-alone 
is at INR6.99 crores, increase on account of additional revenue and increase in capex of building 
at Raebareli. The overall finance cost is well below the 4% mark that we have outlined, and 
that's our expectation that it will reach. 
 
Now that we have done the capitalization of those buildings, the interest will slightly grow up 
in the coming quarter, and it would reach near 4%. Overall, you can see the net working capital 
will be at 3% and term loan interest will be at 1%. Interest to net sales this quarter is at 3.71% 
when compared to 3.18%, which is increased by 53 basis points and which is what we have 
guided you earlier. Depreciation and amortization, the overall increase is INR1.68 crores stand-
alone and consolidated. 
 
This is on account of the capitalization that we have done in the last quarter. Other expenses 
predominantly grew by INR42 crores on account of majorly in stand-alone, INR21 crores, 
which is on account of higher erection expense, subcontract expense and stores and spare 
consumables, what we have. Subsidiaries is on account of legal professional costs and onetime 
costs related to acquisitions, what we have planned. 
 
Tax is lower due to onetime credit that we have received on account of closing of one of the tax 
assessment year, and there is a reversal of INR1.36 crores related to earlier years. Federal tax is 
at 21%, state tax is at 5.7% in the U.S. and average rate around 25.6%. We continue to guide 
this to consider as a consolidated rate to be at 25% to 26%. Overall analysis in terms of profit 
and loss account, revenue has increased on major of our growth business streamlines and across 
the geographies in India as well as the U.S. 
 
Due to increased revenue, there is a corresponding increase in PBT, and we continue to be on 
the growth path. Moving forward to the balance sheet analysis. First, let us take up asset side. 
Changes in the asset is on account of increase in property, plant and equipment, overall net 
INR60 crores. Inventories has increased by INR110 crores and debtors by INR70 crores. 
Cash and cash equivalents, we are sitting at a healthy cash balance of INR141 crores. PP 
increase was predominantly on account of the Raebareli building and the BIW expansion, which 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
we have carried out last year. An increase in the ascent because of the expansion that we did of 
the Phase 3 of close to INR28 crores.  
Inventory consolidated has increased by INR110 crores and debtors by INR69 crores as 
explained by Aditya, this is a little higher because of the order backlog that we have and because 
of the increased revenue that we are planning, we have this higher, and this is expected to 
moderate in the coming two quarters. Cash and cash equivalents, we are sitting at a healthy cash 
balance of INR141 crores, as I said, in stand-alone at INR47 crores and at a consolidated level 
of INR141 crores. 
Moving now to liabilities. Increase in borrowings overall is close to around INR1,092 crores to 
INR1,197 crores, increase of INR105 crores, out of which long-term liabilities contribute to 
INR71 crores increase and short-term liabilities contribute to INR30 crores increase. The other 
increase in liabilities on account of trade payable due to higher credit from our vendors and LCs 
at INR95 crores, there is an increase.  
Income tax liabilities have decreased due to settlement of tax assessment year as well as there 
is a decrease in lease liabilities on account of vacating of our corporate building what we had 
earlier and reduction in lease liabilities. The other current liabilities has increased due to advance 
from customers in India as well as the U.S. Overall, equity has increased by INR122 crores due 
to the overall profit in India and at a consolidated level. 
Coming to cash flow analysis. Overall, we are at a healthy cash flow of INR345.36 crores. The 
operating activities out of this contribute to INR31.27 crores at a consolidated level and stand-
alone at reduction of INR42.03 crores. Working capital changes on account of higher 
inventories and other assets.  
Net cash used in the business, our investing activities close to INR151 crores and cash proceeds 
from financing activities at INR78 crores, which is on account of long-term borrowings. 
Overall, the cash and cash equivalents has increased by INR51.59 crores at a consolidated level 
from INR89.78 crores to INR141.43 crores.  
With this brief analysis of profit and loss on balance sheet and cash flow, I hand over the call to 
the moderator for the questions in the investor community. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Agastya Dave: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. All your efforts are definitely bearing fruits. It's very, 
very visible now. Sir, the questions that I had, you briefly touched upon them in your opening 
remarks. I was wondering if you could go into further details there. One thing which is clearly 
visible in the company is that the ROEs are at least -- they track roughly 1,000 basis points 
below the ROCs. And you mentioned that we will see substantial improvement. So what are the 
levers which you can pull which would lead to better ROEs going forward? 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
And a very similar questions on the margins. So there is a lot of shift in the mix of businesses. 
So can you also go into a little bit more detail what kind of trajectory we can see on the margin 
side? And final small question is on the capex. What is the capex for the next 2 years? 
Aditya Rao: 
Okay. The first question was on the ROCE versus ROE, the 10% drop and potential rise in the 
future or what -- how would it increase in the future? Capex for 2 years, what was the middle 
question, sir? 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir, a very similar question on the margins, gross margins, EBITDA margins because there is 
so much shift happening in the business mix across various verticals. For the consolidated entity, 
what kind of trajectory will we see on the margins, similar to the ROE question, sir? 
Aditya Rao: 
Okay. Yes. As you just mentioned, the ROCE and the ROE are both -- the EBIT is a very 
important number for us, and we continue to focus on EBIT improvements. 21.5% if we had 
perhaps a more normal working capital cycle, which we typically tend to have, the ROCE would 
have been higher. Our long-term goal for ROCE is to reach about 30%.  
There are voices that it should be even higher than that, but that as a blended margin of what we 
expect our revenue profile to be from the different geographies are presented, the different 
margin profile, the revenue streams come in. We are quite confident of 30% in the medium 
term, and that's our target.  
How that's going to come about is simply through -- I don't -- we don't anticipate that our 
working capital days, if you see the average for the last few quarters is around mid-70s, getting 
that to 60 is something that would -- that is sustainable, right? That is in the longer term 
sustainable is what we feel. So combine that with an increase in EBIT, and that's where your 
ROCE growth is going to come in.  
So not a dramatic reduction, say, about 20% reduction in our capital employed as a proportion 
to sales, but the larger -- which by itself should be able to get our -- if you take the 20-21, it 
should get us to 25% approximately. The remainder will come from our EBIT growth. And as 
we keep adding higher revenue, higher-margin revenue streams, that's something we believe to 
be automatic. And if you look at -- and I do use this as an example a lot.  
Just look at what we've been doing for the last few quarters for the last 3 years, we are going to 
be doing the exact same thing, and we will expect to see similar output in terms of we will see 
revenue growth, we will see EBIT growth, we will see margin growth, and that will tend to take 
up ROCE and ROE.  
The large ROCE, ROE drop is effectively because of the interest cost being where it is. As our 
working capital moderates, then that gap will also lessen. But it should take a 5% to 7% drop in 
all circumstances. That's just the way they are structured. 
Agastya Dave: 
Right. And on the margin side, sir, the revenue growth needs to kick in, right? My guess would 
be that there would be competitive pressures on your gross margins. So you can't really take 
price hikes, right? Or there would be some pressure on the pricing, right? So revenue growth 
has to kick in and operating leverage has to kick in for the new plant to start delivering better 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
margins. So what kind of revenue growth can you actually see? And then the question on the 
capex and then..? 
Aditya Rao: 
So all of the businesses that I covered on my initial review, which is our PEB division, our U.S. 
business, Ascent, Body in White, engineering, hydraulics and boilers, right? All of them have 
operating margins. Let me talk about margin after variable and EBIT, but let me talk about 
margin after variable because when you talk about additional revenue, that is what drops down 
to EBIT.  
So all of them have well over 15% in terms of operating margins, in terms of contribution 
margins, as we call them. In some cases, such as engineering services, Hydraulics and Ascent, 
it's vastly above 15% also. It's about 20%. So as we bring this revenue in, what drops down to 
your EBIT, what drops down to your PBT are these higher-margin revenue streams, which 
should drive our PBT up, which should drive our EBIT margin up.  
So I do guide you to our EBIT margin being around in the 10% to 11% range and our PBT being 
around 5%, 5.2% range. When you add substantial amount of revenue and you add it at a higher 
-- at the operating margin, we're adding at the impact on PBT and what you said operating -- 
that's exactly what operating leverage is, and that's what we expect to see that going forward.  
In terms of an exact number, I would say that the fact that our market shares are low in all of 
these businesses gives us confidence. It's a good thing in the context that we expect as we add 
revenue and that margin. And we're not saying that we'll cross 10% in any of our businesses. 
Again, it's good in the context that it will be easy for us to add revenue without compromising 
on gross margin another point that you brought up.  
So I guess the picture we are presenting to you is one where our revenue grows, our market 
share grows, but not above 10% and they are going to be adding it at a gross contribution margin, 
which is substantially up current EBIT and PBT margins. Therefore, our PBT margins will go 
up. That’s the way it is. 
Agastya Dave:  
That's very clear. And sir, just the capex -- budgeted capex for the next 2 years? 
Aditya Rao: 
We do have that mapped on internally, but we would be comfortable sharing that once it's 
finalized. So we will -- we do not have a capex number for the next 2 years to share. We can 
tell you we've come -- there's well over INR100 crores this financial year that -- for this financial 
year, which we have already greenlit. And we do not expect this to change our debt equity and 
reserves itself, as you would see, our cash reserves are. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Venkata Subramanian from Organic Capital. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Congrats on walking the path on what you've been promising. I have a couple of questions on 
engineering services. Now we probably have 2 links to engineering services. One is what is 
given purely as a service, probably along the lines of BIM, etcetera. And the other, which kind 
of lays the foundation for our EPC. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Aditya Rao: 
Just to clarify, sir, our engineering services is entirely 100% third-party design, engineering, 
product development and retailing services. Our erection revenue for PEB is not captured in this 
at all. It is completely captured in our PEB revenues. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Now in that business, what's our vision overall? Because I see a lot of report about BIM and 
engineering services being a few billion dollar business. Now what is our broad vision there, 
let's say, over the next 3, 5 years? 
Aditya Rao: 
It's driven from a core capability standpoint. We have very strong capabilities in structural 
engineering. We are one of the largest teams in the country in structural engineering, as I've said 
sometimes. There are adjacencies and -- I mean, opportunities, shall we say, such as building 
information modeling, which we have started very strongly in Europe, which is over -- it's a 
multimillion euro business for us now.  
Our addressable markets here are massive, but we will be focusing in the near term on structural 
engineering and building information modeling as the major drivers. Both of those combined 
will be well over 50% of our engineering services revenue. And our competitors in this field are 
thousands of crores.  
So we would not guide you today to reaching appreciable market share in that business. But we 
can tell you it will be a fast-growing business. And the net bottom line is something that is going 
to be quite healthy. So it will help us also from a margin expansion perspective. But it is a driver 
of our profitability, not necessarily a driver of our revenue. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Given the size of that market, Aditya, why would it not be a driver of revenue? Meaning is it 
because of any constraints? Do we have constraints on the talent side or we don't have enough 
on the front end? Why would we not want to chase even, let's say, about a 3%, 4% kind of 
market share, which itself will be very sizable? 
Aditya Rao: 
Yes. I mean 3%, 4% in the field that I mentioned, as you said, would be a substantial increase 
or a very high -- multi-fold increase in our current revenue. We are working to achieve higher 
numbers. But right now, I think we'll have to think about it foundationally. We're present in 
most of our customers in engineering -- all of our customers in the engineering services business 
are in the U.S. and in Europe.  
I think the path we want to take is one where we provide easier level engineering services, then 
expand into solutions and larger value propositions, which give us the larger addressable 
markets. The reason I may sound a little circumspect and conservative on that is that some of 
our competitors in this business, be they Pinnacle, be they [inaudible 0:23:53] and be they others 
in the structural engineering space, they've been there for a long time. And yes, the revenues are 
much higher than us, but they've spent the time building that human capital base.  
I think we need to right now focus on building that base and then project the higher numbers. I 
think it would be premature for us to say that we will reach 3%, 4% market share and then -- 
because this is not -- a lot of other businesses, it really is a question of deploying capital and 
building up our asset base. Here, it's -- there's a lot of confidence building. There's a lot of work 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
that has to be done to set up that initial customer and relationship base. It's a very relationship-
based business.  
So at this point, we would not be willing to commit to higher market share. But I can certainly 
say it's an opportunity that exists, and we are serious about seizing that opportunity. But right 
now, we will see strong growth, but not the numbers that we project -- that are being projected, 
which is 3%, 4% market share is not on the cards right now. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Fair assessment. I appreciate that. My second question is again on PEB. One of our listed 
competitors in India has almost negative working capital in this business. While we still are 
struggling to come back to maybe about 65 days or so, what is it that we need to do to actually 
have customers have more faith in us advancing, etcetera? 
Aditya Rao: 
So in my opinion, and I'm aware of the firm which you're speaking of, and there are others as 
well in the market, unlisted strong players as well who we can comply benchmark ourselves 
against. Moderating our working capital is a task that I think we take seriously. And if you take 
the industry as an average, it is in the range that we are in.  
The way we are structured, we make use a lot of non-cash LCs. It comes into our total debt, it 
comes into our interest cost, but we don't use a lot of cash. We use a lot of non-cash. So that 
automatically lends us to have certain terms with our vendors, which perhaps prevents us from 
seeing the shorter working capital numbers.  
Advances from our customers too, we do not use the same instruments, which allows us to get 
the higher percentage advances. Our average advances from customers is about 15% to 20%. 
Some of our competitors get 40% to 50%. But they do guarantee some of that. There are bank 
guarantees that are given out. So we are exploring ways in which we can refine it.  
What I can tell you is that the working capital for PEB has seen an improvement from 100 days 
to 90 days to 80 days to 70 days, and we do expect further improvement. I will definitely not 
guide you to no working -- negative working capital. I don't believe that is -- at least the business 
model we have adopted, I don't believe that is possible. But whatever we don't take in terms of 
advances, whatever we don't give, also reduces an element of risk from our side.  
So I think as per industry norms, we are comfortable with the 60-day working capital cycle. I 
think that works well for us. I think we will use that to get higher margins, higher scale and 
improve our revenue reach. So I can -- but we are looking at all options in terms of rationalizing 
our working capital. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Understood. My last question is on -- is a follow-through on your initial remarks. I heard you 
kind of guide to high double-digit kind of value growth on at least about 4 of our focused 
businesses. And therefore, our profit growth should be well above 20%, right? 
Aditya Rao: 
We will not guide towards profit, sir, but we do expect strong double-digit profit growth this 
fiscal. And we are very, very confident of that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avnish Tiwari from Vaikarya. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Avnish Tiwari: 
I have a question on diversified engineering. So how much did your defocus businesses grew 
this quarter-over-quarter and what is the progress in last quarter on these businesses in terms of 
which ones are scaling down as you desire? And where are you able to release capital or which 
ones are still capital consuming? And any strategic action you are evaluating the way you took 
on the solar? 
Aditya Rao: 
So our deprioritized BUs or the BUs, which are not growth vectors, I think I would prefer that 
nomenclature because sometimes these things can be perceived differently. But the non-revenue 
growth BUs actually degrew in the last quarter. The growth of the prioritized BUs were 
substantially higher. And we expect that trend to continue. It's a simple impact of restricting 
capital, not really growing it. And there are strategic growth options which are on the table 
which we can realize value for those BUs.  
As we bring them online, I will communicate them. But we have plans for each and every one 
of those revenue streams. What we don't want to see is those BUs go to zero revenue and then 
it's effectively -- we have not gained anything from being present in some of those business 
units such as railways and steel and form sections and special grids.  
These are all good, decent revenue streams. They still make money. They're still all profitable. 
We should, as a company, realize value for them, and we're going to work to realize just as we 
have for solar, for example. So those options we will bring to you. From a revenue standpoint, 
about 35% what was the attribution of 35% of revenue was the deep as we used. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
This 35% of the consolidated revenue? 
Aditya Rao: 
That's right. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Second question I have was if we subtract your U.S. subsidiary business from overall PEB 
business, and it appears India PEB margins are a bit soft quarter-over-quarter. Is that the right 
assessment? And shouldn't this be improving if Raebareli is ramping up on the utilization? 
Aditya Rao: 
Let me answer the Raebareli question first. I think we've -- the setup time lines, the time it took 
for us to ground it was a little bit longer. But that's good. I think a good job has been done. And 
month-over-month, it's increasing, it's scaling. It's still not reached peak capacity utilization rate, 
but that's imminent. We definitely see that as something that is going to happen, and it's already 
at a healthy pickup now. 
 
Overall revenues have gone up. Our operating margins have stayed the same, but our PBT 
percentage, you should have -- in the -- let me call it, the stand-alone PEB business, not 
including our U.S. business, has also scaled up. So it is not flat, but it has also improved and 
will continue to grow. 
 
But we don't give segmental PBT in that sense. So we can't give you an exact number, but I 
think you can definitely take the U.S. PBT margins would sustain and India PBT margins will 
grow as a percentage. And the values of both will, of course, grow strongly in the next fiscal. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Great. One last question I have was that how is the demand... 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, but we request you to rejoin the queue for follow-up questions. The next 
question is from the line of Rahul Kumar from Vaikarya. 
Rahul Kumar: 
The question which I have was on the order book for the two business, PEB India and PEB U.S. 
We have seen not a very strong order inflow this quarter. So what would you attribute that to? 
Aditya Rao: 
The order inflows in the quarter have actually been quite strong. We've been a little picky 
considering the price increase. But to give you an example, even in the last two weeks, we have 
booked two large orders. I would -- I do not have any order book concerns in -- either in India 
or in the U.S. I think we need to build up our capacity. 
 
We're increasing scale. There's also an acquisition in the U.S. for additional structural fab 
capacity that we're bringing online. very, very quickly in the next few weeks, we hope. So no, I 
mean, it probably is something that this is a snapshot number differences because we tend to 
bleed out our order book towards the end of a quarter and then it goes back up towards the end.  
 
But as of right now, both businesses have very strong and very healthy order backlogs. And I 
think as our capacity utilization increases, we can increase it. But I don't think we're constrained 
by the market right now. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay. And second question, which I had was on the gross debt part. What is our plan on 
reduction in the gross debt over FY '26 if we are doing a capex of close to 100? 
Aditya Rao: 
Let me request Shri to answer that. 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Yes. See as we said, for our growth, we would need working capital for us to grow. So working 
capital wouldn't necessarily low as a percentage as we grow our revenue. Long-term loan is the 
long-term decisions that we make to invest in the capex and invest in technology. So these are 
the amounts which will see a growth depending upon the growth that we have. 
 
So what we should -- what we would guide you to is look interest as a percentage of the working 
capital as a net number where you can see, and we have guided toward this towards 4%. So we 
will have this 4% is what we will maintain and that would be our target for us to maintain. But 
overall, working capital will see a growth as the revenue grows and the term loan will increase 
as we do more capex and more acquisitions. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, but we request you to rejoin the queue for follow-up questions. The next 
question is from the line of Aniket Nikumb from ABN Capital. 
Aniket Nikumb: 
Congratulations, sir, on a great set of numbers. We've been owning and following this company 
for over 3 years. And quarter after quarter, you have delivered and just kept on getting better. 
And I think that's just so wonderful to see. So firstly, congratulations to you and the full team 
for this extraordinary performance. 
 
Sir, my first question is on the acquisition that we have done. So I see we've acquired a company 
called Telco Enterprises. So could you tell us a little bit about that and how that sort of fits in 
with our U.S. strategy? And what is the one-off in EBITDA around the acquisition expense? 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Aditya Rao: 
Thank you. So Telco, before I answer the question, let me just take a minute while I have all of 
you. We do understand that many of you have questions. And as the management, we consider 
our duty to adequately answer these. Even if we don't perhaps address all of your questions or 
even address them to the extent that we would be -- that is satisfactory, we are going to be 
upping our investor engagement, and we have an investor conference that is scheduled as well, 
which we will be doing on a quarterly basis. 
 
We will have that in Bombay next month is when we have our next investor conference, and we 
will make sure that we keep you apprised of it and also spend more time so that the 1-hour time 
that we have on investor conference calls, if it's not sufficient to address some of these questions, 
I think a longer term -- longer time period and a frequent recurring time period will help us 
better address a lot of your questions. 
 
But we welcome the questions and speaking for -- on behalf of the management, we are happy 
to have so many of you engage with us. I think it's something that we are very excited about. 
Coming to Telco, your question on Telco. Telco is a structural steel fab acquisition out of -- 
close to Birmingham in the U.S. The reason for that is because we can now build out an order 
backlog in structural steel as opposed to metal buildings as well in the U.S. 
 
Now to give you some numbers, the metal buildings market in the U.S. is obviously one of the 
largest in the world. It's quite massive at about 8 billion to 10 billion. The structural steel fab 
business is even larger. And when you look at our capabilities in designing Class A buildings, 
which we've been doing for our U.S. customers for a long time, we can take turnkey structural 
steel fab projects as well. 
 
So we have picked a company which is old, which is -- which has been promoter driven in the 
U.S., very well regarded by their customers, about $25 million in terms of revenue and very 
healthy profit margins. And again, very low working capital, which is the case, frankly, for all 
of our revenue streams in the U.S. as well. So the acquisition has been greenlit. 
 
We have not completed the acquisition as yet. That is imminent in the next few weeks, and that 
was what I was referring to. Once that is done, it will substantially -- even without that, we're 
going to -- acquisition we're going to have strong double-digit growth in our U.S. business. But 
with that, we will have even further growth. 
 
We're very excited, but it opens up a new revenue stream and market for us. So the Board has 
debated it, and we are very positive about it. We will complete this in the next few weeks. And 
from the next quarter onwards, hopefully, you will see us reporting those numbers as well. 
Aniket Nikumb: 
My other question that I had was just on the debt side. Will we benefit from any rate cut? And 
how are we -- how are we thinking about credit rating and so on? Do we think there's an 
opportunity for us to better -- just given our performance and our significant improvement is 
there a way for us to better manage our capital structure a couple of years out? What are some 
things or levers we could do? 
Aditya Rao: 
So our credit rating is a matter of high importance for us. We are right now for our working 
capital, were rated A1 and our overall is rated -- long term is rated A. Our goal is to get to A+ 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
and working capital, I guess, cannot be upgraded much more. But we have talked to the rating 
agencies, and we've asked them what they would like to see, what is -- I mean they will never 
tell you do this and therefore, we give you a rating. 
 
That's not the way it works, but they have told us directionally what we will need to do in order 
to them to review our rating for us. So the next few quarters, we are going to attempt to move 
our balance sheet to where it needs to be. It will speak to our working capital utilization. If our 
margins improve, if our cash improves and our working capital cycle reduces by the goals that 
we set for ourselves, we believe a rating upgrade is imminent, and that is what we'll work 
towards. 
 
However, I will not speak for the rating agencies. We will do our job in improving our 
positioning. We know what the numbers they want to see are, and we are hard at work to achieve 
those numbers. But our next goal is A+. 
Aniket Nikumb: 
Great, sir. Thanks again. Congratulations to all of you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rehan Lalji from Equitree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rehan Laljee: 
Sir congratulations on a great set of numbers. I think you've been walking the talk very 
evidently. So first of all, I just want to congratulate you on that. Secondly, a couple of quick 
questions, mostly they've been answered. I just wanted to understand from Rae Bareli 
perspective, what is the peak revenue we can generate from Rae Bareli? 
Aditya Rao: 
Sorry? 
Management: 
Peak revenue. 
Aditya Rao: 
Peak revenue Okay. So peak revenue at 36,000 tons, Rae Bareli would be about INR38 crores. 
Rehan Laljee: 
INR38 crores. And... 
Aditya Rao: 
I'm sorry we should have made that clear. So INR38 crores per month peak revenue. 
Rehan Laljee: 
Understood. And this is across all formats? Or is this only for a certain business unit or a 
business segment? 
Aditya Rao; 
This is gross. 
Rehan Laljee: 
Okay. On your debt profile, everyone has been asking you about the same. I just wanted to -- 
your net debt to equity -- sorry, your debt to equity has come down, if you see it from 0.9 to 
0.83. But the absolute figure of debt has gone up by about, I think, INR40 crores, INR41 crores. 
Going forward, with the growth that we're talking about, how do we see the debt to equity 
growth over the next, let's say, 2 to 3 years? 
Because we are, I think, in a very sweet spot of growth with every -- all you're gaining market 
share, you're doing the right things, but the only black box still happens to be your debt. So if 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
you can just explain to me how we see the debt to equity in the next 2 to 3 years and not debt in 
an absolute format, it would be great. 
Aditya Rao: 
So there are 2 components to this from our internal planning point of view. One is the debt 
equity piece, which I will address and I'll request Shrikant also to address. Then there's interest 
cost in revenue because the reason we don't have very high long-term debt. If you just take a 
long-term debt, then our debt equity is 0.1 or something to my knowledge. 
Rehan Laljee: 
That's right. 
Aditya Rao: 
Yes. I mean, it is accurate. So, I think it speaks to our revenue growth and our working capital 
cycle. Our debt cost is a direct straight line extrapolation of those 2 numbers. So let me ask 
Shrikant to extrapolate what he sees the interest cost and debt as a percentage of revenue and 
revenue growth. From a debt equity point of view, I believe including long term, short term, all 
kinds of debt, I mean, LCs, bank guarantees, all of that, I think getting to 0.7 is what we are 
targeting. We are at 0.8 right now. 
I'm confident that we will be able to achieve that with a little bit of moderation in our working 
capital also. I think that is well within the ballpark of us being able to achieve. Let me pause 
there, Shrikant, your thoughts on -- yes, this question. 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
The debt-to-equity ratio is a combination of how much is the debt that additionally we'll be 
taking and what the equity that we are generating. Equity, we are on a strong growth path. You 
will have the equity raise that equity increase that will come up, that is in the form of increase 
in the profitability that we have on quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. 
Given that, you also have to increase in long term and the working capital. Working capital is a 
result of increase in your revenue. And as I spoke, the working capital numbers, working capital 
debt will grow as we grow our revenue. The long term, we do not have too much of a debt as 
we speak, but we take the debt only when we invest in long-term capital projects. And this long-
term capital projects as we grow and do acquisition of more, it will slightly increase. 
While our target is to reach 0.7 over a period of time, but we are higher and our plan is to 
gradually reduce over a period. So the debt -- long-term debt will increase only when we have 
acquisitions or the things, but working capital will tend to increase as the revenue grows. 
Rehan Laljee: 
Mr. Bhakkad, I just wanted to understand the interest cost as a percentage of revenue is capped 
at 4%. Is that -- is my understanding right? 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Yes. Overall, we should guide you towards 4% interest on the net sales. Slightly, it may increase 
or decrease in the quarters. As we see today, we are at 3.71% because the complete interest on 
long-term loans was capitalized till the last quarter. But yes, you would see the range bound at 
4%, while our target is to get below 4%. 
Rehan Laljee: 
Right. And... 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Sir, sorry to interrupt you, but we request you to rejoin the queue for follow-up questions. Thank 
you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much, sir, for this opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
So first is just a clarification. I mean you mentioned, I mean, we are looking at EBITDA of 10% 
to 11% and PBT margin of 5% to 5.2% this year, FY '26. 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
No, no, those are last year's numbers, last quarter numbers. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. So how -- so what is the range of PBT margin we might look at for FY '26? 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
I would be giving a projection, sir. I can commit to an improvement, but giving an exact PBT 
percentage. But I can say that long term, we believe 200 basis point improvements in our PBT 
is very achievable. But by long term, I mean in the next 3 years. 
Deepak Poddar: 
In 3 years, right? 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Those can be targeted. But I want to be clear, these are not -- these are forward-looking numbers. 
The numbers I mentioned were what was already achieved last year, last quarter, and we expect 
to have improvements on those. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. So what you're saying is that at least on a PBT margin on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis, we can see improvement from what we have seen 5.2%. I mean, not giving an exact 
number, but yes, directionally. 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Directionally, you will see improvements. And again, as I keep saying, sir, look at what's been 
happening last 3 years, it's the same business model, the same trend. We are following the exact 
same figures that for the next 2, 3 years, all you will see us execute is that plan, and it will yield 
us these improvements. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And my second question is on your revenue part. I mean, in the last call also, we were kind of 
indicating quarter-on-quarter improvement or a sequential improvement in your revenue. I mean 
fourth quarter is generally the best quarter. But from here also, we are expecting the same in 
terms of sequential improvement in our revenue? 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
We will not be able to provide that guidance, sir, but I can assure you from a financial year point 
of view, we will have growth in our revenue. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And any range we want to provide? I mean, what sort of range we might -- because you are 
reducing your non-prioritized revenue mix, right? 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Yes. So that process is running through. But in spite of this process, you will see double-digit 
growth in our revenue on a financial year basis. Quarter-to-quarter, you may see -- you will see 
revenue growth, that I can tell you. There's no way for us to grow profit substantially if we don't 
grow our revenue. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Double-digit growth is what we are looking. Okay, okay. That's very helpful, sir. I mean, that 
would be it from my side. All the very best to you. 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
Good afternoon, sir. First question... 
Moderator: 
Sir, sorry to interrupt you. Your voice is too low. Can you use handset? 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, we have a lot of JVs and subsidiaries and have mixed contributions. Which one are 
profitable and which one are drags on a consolidated basis? 
Management: 
JVs which are profitable and which are not? 
Aditya Rao: 
JVs which are -- there are certain JVs and subsidiaries, how much -- what are the subsidiaries 
profit and -- okay. All of our business units are profitable. We do not have any loss-making 
units. As far as the joint venture is concerned, you may be aware that last quarter, we had 
declared a joint venture with Zetwerk. That JV is just being set up. It will start revenue in the 
second half of this year. 
And we have every expectation that when it does, it will be profitable. We do not anticipate -- 
I mean, as of right now, we are consolidating a minority interest loss, a small amount, but that's 
those are preoperative in nature, small amounts. We have high confidence that our JV partner, 
who is the majority partner in that business is committed to strong revenue and profit growth. 
And we don't anticipate any of our subsidiaries or JVs making losses. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. Sir, PEB order book around INR780 crores, but U.S. orders are around $53 million. 
I just want to understand about tariff purpose, like whether we are completely taking care of 
tariffs or it's shared by the customers? And what's the margin difference between PEB India and 
U.S. orders? And how this forex volatility impact our revenue and margins? 
Aditya Rao: 
Let me clarify this a little bit. So our U.S. manufacturing supply chain is completely independent 
from our India manufacturing supply chain for metal buildings. For hydraulics, there's an 
overlap. Now for the question that you asked, our U.S. order backlog is $53 million and not $43 
million. It's usually a very short gestation order backlog. I mean our execution time lines in the 
U.S. are substantially quicker than they are in India. 
 
To your question, we -- both of those are healthy order backlogs, and we expect both of them 
to scale. There is no need for us to worry about tariffs at all because we do not have any -- the 
vast, vast majority of our production in the U.S. is sourced locally, produced locally, and we do 
not import many things. And it's the same thing with India. We produce and procure locally. 
 
So because of these independent supply chains, tariffs are not a big factor at all, just very little 
5% bought out items, which even if you see a little bit of an increase, they're easy to pass 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
through. We work in an operating margin model and all of our order books take into account 
our current pricing and that our expected and desired operating margin on top of that and staged.  
 
So impact for us on revenue, as I mentioned in the last quarter, because of perhaps policy 
changes in the U.S. are not projected to increase -- to affect our revenue or our profitability or 
our order backlog. So we don't see any change coming on that front. And our order backlog 
looks forward for the next quarter or 2, no changes there. Margin point of view, our operating 
margins in the U.S. are substantially higher, and that will continue to be the case is my 
expectation. 
Balasubramanian: 
Got it, sir. Sir, other current liabilities spike to more than 100% in this year? Like is there any 
specific delay in payables or contingent liabilities? Like any specific reasons for that? 
Aditya Rao: 
Both our current assets and our current liabilities are a little bit higher. It's just because of higher 
procurement cycle. I do want to say our average accounts payable is... 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
45 Days. 
Aditya Rao: 
45 days. So we pay more -- the vast majority of our vendors get paid in 45 days. So we don't -- 
we are pretty pro on that. So we don't foresee any working capital sustenance issues. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Shah from Arrow Investments. 
Nilesh Shah: 
Congratulations Aditya, on a fabulous set of numbers and wishing you all the very best. I had 
quite a few of my questions have already been answered. The question pertaining to the JV with 
Zetwerk. Now Zetwerk has a lot of JVs with a lot of players. We have 49% stake in the JV. 
There has been a small loss for the quarter, I think, for the year. If Zetwerk were to dilute their 
equity further for fundraising plans, would Pennar be participating in that? 
Aditya Rao: 
No, sir. We would not look to participate in further rounds. Right now, the plan is for what we 
have put in, in terms of our assets, in terms of capital we have put in, it is -- that's where it's at. 
We will implement that. That itself should make the JV INR1,000 crores plus revenue. It doesn't 
matter to us because we are not going to be consolidating that revenue. What's most important 
for us and we realize value from our investments. 
 
And longer term, I think Zetwerk would want to take it. We are a strong partner. We are -- as 
you said, our equity stake gives us some as well. But we are very aligned us in terms of growing 
the company through the reserves that we have through profitability we make as well. And if 
anything additional is needed, I assume that they will -- there's debt option and other options. 
So there's no equity expansion plan and investment plans from Pennar right now. 
Nilesh Shah: 
All right. Perfect. And just to follow up on the Cadnum subsidiary that we set up around a couple 
of years ago. If you can throw some color on Cadnum? 
Aditya Rao: 
Cadnum is a subsidiary we acquired. It sits right now in our aerospace business. It's -- the 
operating margin there is quite high, 50%, 60%. So we are debating a potential because it's, 
again, a scalable, good model, good and there's a fair amount of engineering and product 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
development also that can we put in place. We're debating whether we can house it in our 
prioritized Industrial Components and Hydraulics business unit. But as of right now, the revenue 
levels there are quite small. I mean, they're about EUR1 million per year. So not very large, not 
very material. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prateek Bhandari from AART Ventures. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
First of all, I just wanted to understand about the figures you mentioned for the peak revenue 
potential from your Raebareli plant? And how much of it would start flowing from the Q1 of 
FY '26? 
Aditya Rao: 
A substantial number. Exact amount, I think we can tell you we're at about 50% of our peak 
capacity utilization. But this -- as we add manpower, as we -- Q1 tends to be a muted quarter 
sometimes. In Q1, Q2, in the first half of this year, you'll see us reach very high capacity 
utilizations. And we are not committing to the entire INR38 crores gross sales of INR30 crores 
net revenue being reached in the next few months, but a very high percentage of that, sure, we 
are committing to. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
So INR38 crores is the annual sales figure you're talking about, right? 
Aditya Rao: 
Maybe correct that. That's not annual. No, it's -- it's monthly, absolutely. And INR38 crores 
gross net sales, we should say closer to INR30 crores. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Okay. Got it. Got it. And also, you have mentioned in your previous calls about your plans for 
the BIW vertical to scale up to INR1,000 crores. So by when we are expecting the same to 
happen? 
Aditya Rao: 
So that would take us a few years. Right now, it's -- we are in the process of picking up 
customers. And the kind of customers we are picking up gives us a lot of confidence in the 
business. We are picking up programs quite strongly. We are investing more into our -- both 
our hot stamping business, which is a high-value technology and there are a few players in India 
who have it. 
 
And also tailor-welded labs are also another investment we are making. Tool development is 
another that we're making in that business. The combination of all of those 3 is giving us 
customers such as Hyundai. We expect Kia to come on board soon as well. We've just signed 
Ceer Automotive. We have Maruti, Ashok Leyland and others as well. So all of these are 
revenue streams that are in the future. As they all come in, I think we will be able to achieve our 
revenue targets. But we are not constrained there by the market. 
 
Some of our competitors are INR10,000 crores in that business in just in body wires. So the 
market will not prevent us from doing. Building customer relationships, building with OEMs is 
the key success factor here, which we are doing. So after that, it's just a question of execution, 
which we will do over the next 2, 3 years and get our revenue up. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
All right. And one last question on the acquisition you have highlighted in your presentation 
based out of Dubai. So if you can throw some light on what exactly the company is into? And 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
are we targeting the Middle East area only through this acquisition or any other geographies as 
well. 
Aditya Rao: 
So the acquisition is for engineering services, structural steel engineering. The Middle East does 
have a significant construction market. And a piece of that is on the design, detailing engineering 
side is building information modeling side is what we are looking at. That business is 
immediately accretive. We believe we have the manpower increase. We have built up our 
manpower in the last 2, 3 months. 
 
We are working 3 shifts. We're working Saturdays, Sundays as well. We are confident we'll be 
able to cater to that. So from next quarter onwards, we think revenue from there will start and I 
think we can commit immediate profitability from that. Yes. So immediately revenue positive, 
immediately profit positive, and it can grow at scale. It is right now only for the Middle East, 
engineering services. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Specifically for Middle East, right? 
Aditya Rao: 
I'm sorry? 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Specifically for the Middle East? 
Aditya Rao: 
For the Middle East 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, but we request you to rejoin the queue for follow-up questions. The next 
question is from the line of Ankur Agarwal from RC Business House. 
Ankur Agarwal: 
Sir, on the larger frame time frame, let's say, by 2028, what is the management assessment for 
the top line and margin? 
Aditya Rao: 
The management assessment in 2028 for what, sir? 
Ankur Agarwal: 
For top line and the margins? 
Aditya Rao: 
We won't be able to provide guidance, sir. As I said, I think the narrative we are providing you 
is our addressable markets are all very big. We have built good strong capabilities in them. As 
we build up our asset base, our revenue and profit increases. So that's all we're going to do. The 
revenue potential is quite vast. What exactly the revenue we will achieve, we will not be 
providing guidance. But I can definitely say on behalf of my team, we're committing to double-
digit revenue and profit growth year-on-year. 
Ankur Agarwal: 
We have enough capacity to attend that addressable market? 
Aditya Rao: 
We -- right now, we are at about our capacity utilization across businesses, and it's a blend. In 
some cases, we have higher, some cases are a little lower. It's between the 60%, 65% range. We 
typically aim for 75%. Once say 75% on an OE perspective, I think it's important for us to 
expand capacity. 
Ankur Agarwal: 
Okay. And what is the raw material… 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, but we request you to rejoin the queue for follow-up questions as there 
are participants waiting for the turn. 
Ankur Agarwal: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Soni, who is an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Soni: 
Sir, congrats on the good set of numbers and gradual improvement. My question is more to do 
with scaling up high-margin business like U.S. business or engineering services. What is 
stopping or why are we not able to get more aggressive in that regard? Can you throw some quit 
given that market share can improve, but it's gradual improvement, but what is stopping us really 
growing aggressively on those businesses? 
Aditya Rao: 
I wouldn't say anything is stopping us. I think we've defined out a plan, a methodical plan to 
scale. I think there are 5 revenue streams we want to grow and grow aggressively. And our 
definition of aggressive is sustained double-digit growth. A higher revenue growth numbers 
possible? Absolutely. 
 
And we will not say no to that. But as you mentioned, our market share in both engineering 
services and metal buildings in the U.S. are quite low. We are number 10 in the U.S., and we 
can easily climb into the top 5 and scale, and we intend to do that. We are mapping out the 
market. We are expanding capacity. 
 
As you know, we are investing significant capital in all of these businesses. There's acquisitions 
which are under play. So work is happening, sir. I think I'm quite confident that all of these 
businesses have spoken out, the 2 businesses specifically you spoke of, we'll continue to see 
growth, and they will continue to scale well. But it is not conservatism. We just want to make 
sure that the foundation is well prepared and then growth is automatic. That's all. 
Ashish Soni: 
So do you think in next 2, 3 years, it can substantially grow with all the base building lessons 
learned and everything in place for you in this business? 
Aditya Rao: 
Yes. I think your question was whether in India, we will be able to grow. Yes. I mean even in 
something like PEB, right, which is one of our largest businesses, which probably is one of our 
largest business, we are at number 3 or number 4. So we are trying to get to number 3, number 
2 as well. But our goal is not market dominance. Our goal is decent market share, good revenue, 
good capital efficiency and profitability. That's our goal. 
 
And we don't -- our goal is not to be number 1 in anything. That's not the way we think. We 
think about sustainable market, sustainable growth, good R&D, good product development. 
And I think our plan is working, so we're going to go ahead with it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dilip Kumar Sahu an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
The question was regarding the U.S. business and in continuation of the previous speaker's 
question. Aditya, if you can give us some qualitative change that has happened in U.S. business 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
in the last 3 years because I see the order book moved from $30 million to $50 million in the 
last 3 years, but the business in the dollar revenue business hasn't really scaled accordingly. 
 
In the past, you were looking at people change and recruiting sales team and having 
manufacturing capital on the ground, etcetera. With the current acquisition, can you just let me 
know how things are going to look in the next 2 to 3 years? 
Aditya Rao: 
That's a good question and a good point you made if you were to review the last 2, 3 years. Our 
PBT -- let's talk structurally where we are. About 3 years ago, the raw material price of steel in 
the U.S. or the finished price product for what we were selling was about $6,500 per ton. We're 
right now at about $4,500 per ton. 
 
So that, in effect, is something that has given us -- It looks like is there strong growth, okay, 
there's some growth, but is there strong growth. I want to assure you that raw material pricing 
aside, our capacity increases have happened. There's a lot of automation that has been put in. 
 
Our market presence in terms of our DMs has expanded beyond a few states in the South and 
the Midwest to -- we are not still captured anywhere near all of the East and the South of the 
U.S., but we are going to be adding a lot of states. 
 
With this acquisition, we get a lot of the manufacturing states as well such as South Carolina, 
we get Alabama. We get some element of Florida as well. This expansion in our market itself 
is making us very confident that this year from a revenue perspective, yes, as you said, the order 
backlog has grown. Revenue also is going to grow very strongly this year. 
 
And with the acquisition of Telco, that will grow even more. So you should -- we can definitely 
guide you to high growth in Ascent this financial year. And foundationally, the work we have 
done in the last 2 years, building up our design teams, expanding our capacities and prepping 
this acquisition and completing it, that is going to bear fruit in the next 2 years, 3 years. 
 
We're very happy with the progress they have made and retaining margins. And they've done it 
in a manner where they generate a lot of free cash as well. So it's one of our best performing 
units. It will scale well. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Yes. My second last question is to Shrikant. We talked about, I think, the other income this 
quarter, some one-offs and some, I think, nonrecurring expenses. So can you give some color 
on how the other expenses are going to look like this year, this current FY? 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
As I told in my opening remarks, the other income predominantly come from bank deposits, 
margin monies that we have with the bank. The investment that we have in mutual funds, the 
gain in the foreign currency transactions and translations and there are certain liabilities, which 
are no longer required which we write back and the rental income that we get on our -- some of 
these buildings. 
 
So bank deposits and other things will continue to be at the similar what we have closed around 
INR3 crores. Other income, which is other than the debt basically, which is on your mutual 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
funds, it is close to around INR2 crores, INR2.5 crores there, liabilities, which are no longer 
required to return back, which as a result of quality issues and other things that we have. 
 
There's another component to it and foreign currency translation transaction reserves. So most 
of these items are going to be there as we speak. And as we see, this has been over the full year, 
it has been close to around -- yes, INR6 crores. I think approximately INR2 crores to INR3 
crores will be there every month. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Other expenses, I'm so sorry. It is other expenses you commented on. 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Okay. Yes. Other expenses as a result overall has been from INR609 crores to INR654 crores. 
Predominant part of other expenses also include certain job work processing charges, 
subcontracting expenses and erection expenses. While these are variable costs, but the group 
gets regrouped separately as we do not have the separate line of reporting for these items. So 
these are contractual things when we have additional orders and other things that we execute, 
we let this out as subcontracting erection expenses. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Kumar, who is an Investor. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Sir, can you throw more light on your U.S. business in terms of growth, sir? 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Yes, I understand. So in the interest of time, I'll make it quick. Our U.S. business is 
predominantly custom design building systems, what we call metal buildings, hydraulics and 
engineering services. All 3 are projected for high growth. 
 
We have strong assets there, and I think the markets there are huge on the back of large 
addressable market, good quality assets equals automatic revenue growth and profitability. Let 
me suggest this. We will have an investor conference. So I think we should -- there are a lot of 
questions which are still on the table, which we are not able to get to. 
 
So I think it will be healthy for us to have an investor conference set up next month where we 
have all of our stakeholders present. And we are also present for the whole day or 2 so that we 
can adequately address some of these last [inaudible 70:14]. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we will take this as our last question. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Aditya Rao: 
Thanks to all of you for your interest. We will work hard to achieve the goals that we have set 
for ourselves. As always, I'm very thankful and very grateful for the support that we have 
received from our team, especially the investors who have been with us for many years. We 
hope to execute well, and we hope to talk to you soon next month on our performance and our 
growth and our strategy. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
