 
                                                                                              
  
 Ref. No.: GIC-HO/BOARD/SE-Q4-T/65/2025-26 
 
 
      Date: 3rd June 2025 
 
To,                                                                 To, 
The Manager                                                  The Manager 
Listing Department                                        Listing Department 
BSE Limited                                              The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers            Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, 
Dalal Street                                                   G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400001                                         Mumbai - 400051 
 
Scrip Code: (BSE – 540755/ NSE – GICRE) 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call held with Investors and Analysts to discuss the 
audited financial results for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith 
Transcript of the conference call held with Investors and Analysts on Wednesday, 28th May 
2025, to discuss audited Standalone and Consolidated financial results for the quarter and 
year ended 31st March 2025. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You.  
 
For General Insurance Corporation of India 
 
 
(Satheesh Kumar) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: A/A 
 
Satheesh 
Kumar 
Nair
Digitally signed 
by Satheesh 
Kumar Nair 
Date: 2025.06.03 
16:22:59 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“General Insurance Corporation of India Q4 & FY 
‘2025 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HITESH JOSHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
MR. S.K. RATH – GENERAL MANAGER 
MR. SANJAY MOKASHI– GENERAL MANAGER & 
CHIEF UNDERWRITING OFFICER 
MS. RADHIKA RAVISHEKAR – DEPUTY GENERAL 
MANAGER & CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER 
MR. RAJESH LAHERI – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER 
MR. SURESH SINDHI – APPOINTED ACTUARY, LIFE  

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the General Insurance Corporation of India Q4 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal and operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touch 
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over Ms. Nikita from E&Y. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Nikita: 
Thank you, Manav. Good morning to all the participants on the call. And thanks for joining Q4 
FY '25 Earnings Call for General Insurance Corporation of India.  
Please note that we have mailed out the Press Release to everyone and you can now see the 
Results on our Website, and it has been uploaded on the Stock Exchange as well. In case you 
have not received the same, you can write to us and we will be happy to send it over to you.  
Before we proceed with the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It 
must be viewed in conjunction with the businesses that could cause future results, performance 
or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements.  
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer our questions, we have with us the 
management of GIC represented by Mr. Hitesh Joshi – Executive Director, and other top 
members of the management. Please note that CMD is not available for call today due to 
unavoidable travel plans. We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the quarter gone 
by, which will be then followed by the Q&A session.  
With that said, I now hand over the call to you, sir, Mr. Joshi and. Over to you, sir. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for the Earnings Call. I am 
pleased to present to you GIC Re's financial performance for the 4th Quarter of FY 2025.  
In an environment marked by macroeconomic volatility and evolving industry dynamics, our 
performance stands as a reflection of GIC Re's enduring strength, strategic foresight and 
commitment to core reinsurance principles. As a global reinsurer, we recognize that our role is 
inherently tied to managing uncertainty, balancing risk with resilience, and opportunity with 
discipline. We remain steadfast in our belief that effective risk management, thoughtful 
diversification and disciplined underwriting forms the cornerstone of sustainable reinsurance 
practice.  
While catastrophic events remain an inherent part of our business landscape, we continue to 
approach them with prudence, supported by risk assessment frameworks and the long-term 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
vision of value creation. Our consistent focus on improving portfolio quality, sharpening of our 
strategic direction and aligning our operations with market realities have enabled us to navigate 
complex market conditions, without compromising on underwriting integrity. We strive to 
maintain a healthy combined ratio and outcome that stems from deliberate choices and an 
unwavering focus on operational excellence.  
For FY '25, the combined ratio stood at 108.8%. This disciplined posture has not only fortified 
our financial position but has also deepened our understanding of market cycles and our own 
risk appetite. It is this clarity that positions us well to engage with both current challenges and 
future opportunities with confidence and purpose.  
We now look at some of the key highlights of our financial performance: 
Gross premium income for Q4 FY '25 stood at Rs. 10,367.08 crores compared to Rs. 8,723.65 
crores in the corresponding period of the previous year. Investment income for the quarter stood 
at Rs. 3,903.02 crores vis-à-vis Rs. 3,036.52 crores for the corresponding period.  
The income claim ratio for the quarter was 82.2% as against 68.9% of the corresponding quarter 
of the previous year. Combined ratio for the quarter stood at 103.56% compared to 89.26% for 
the corresponding period in the previous year. Adjusted combined ratio, factoring in 
policyholders' investment incomes stood at 85.79% for FY '25 as compared to 86.24% in the 
previous year.  
Profit before tax stood at Rs. 2,922.66 crores for Q4 as compared to Rs. 3,171.33 crores in the 
corresponding period of previous year. Profit after tax was Rs. 2,182.88 crores as compared to 
Rs. 2,642.47 crores in the corresponding period.  
The solvency ratio for the year end improved to 3.70 as compared to 3.25 for the previous year. 
Net worth excluding fair value change was Rs. 43,106.52 crores on 31/3/25 as against Rs. 
37,581.78 crores in the previous year end. Net worth including fair value change stood at Rs. 
83,224.33 crores as on year-end compared to Rs. 81,330.25 at the previous year end.  
On the premium breakup: 
Domestic premium for the year FY '25 is Rs. 30,662.44 crores and the international age Rs. 
10,491.51 crores. The percentage split is domestic 75% and international 25%. The domestic 
premium for the year grew by 18.8%, while international business witnessed decline of 7.8% 
over previous year.  
While underwriting profitability remains at the core of our strategic focus, our pursuit of 
excellence combined with targeted initiatives and a prudent approach to risk has reinforced the 
strength and stability of our overall performance. This positions us well to seize opportunities 
that are not only aligned with our risk appetite but also support our long-term vision for 
sustainable growth.  

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
As we look to the future, our priorities remain clear, to uphold underwriting discipline, enhance 
operational efficiencies, and deliver enduring value to all our stakeholders. I would like to take 
this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude towards shareholders, clients and employees for 
their continued confidence and support.  
With this, I conclude the remarks and open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Sanket Godha from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanket Godha: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have a few questions. The first question is on the 
growth, especially on the international business in the 4th Quarter, if you look at the number’s 
year-on-year it has declined, but in the 4th Quarter the growth is around 35%. So just wanted to 
understand this growth is sustainable and how much it is driven by any pricing environment 
change in Jan renewals? Or because of your rating change you probably will have more contracts 
that contributed to the growth. So if you can split this growth basically led by price hike, rating 
change, and maybe volume growth, that will be useful sir. 
S.K. Rath: 
Hello, this is S.K. Rath, GM Reinsurance. I would answer to the growth. The 4th Quarter growth 
is mainly resulting from the rating upgrade of GIC wherein we got the rating upgrade in the 
month of November '24. And that has been passed on to our insurance and reinsurance. And 
based upon the information, we are able to write some of the new accounts in the January 
renewal, and that has catered to the growth in international business in the 4th Quarter. 
Sanket Godha: 
And any benefit of pricing environment changing with respect to -- 
S.K. Rath: 
Pricing, I would say pricing international market what I saw in the 1st January renewal is quite 
soft, so far direct market is concerned. And both in domestic and foreign, it is quite soft. Except 
for the accounts where there are some losses, and those treaties particularly, the non-proportional 
treaties would attract some of the loadings ranging from 10% to 15%. Otherwise the market has 
gone a bit of soft in comparison to the previous year. 
Sanket Godha: 
This is only with limit to international business you are saying, right, sir? 
S.K. Rath: 
Yes. 
Sanket Godha: 
Okay. And sir, then this 34% growth what you reported in 4th Quarter, because of the rating 
change can we assume this growth is sustainable for FY '26 fully? 
S.K. Rath: 
Yes. Now that we got our rating back and the international market is aware of it, and no doubt 
they are coming and offering the new accounts to us, or wherever we lost the accounts we are 
trying to regain them. So naturally this process will continue going forward. And our 
international branch, our branches are also likely to get the benefit out of this rating upgrade. 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Sanket Godha: 
Got it, sir. And sir, we still have a higher combined ratio in international business 121%, though 
it is improving every year. So with this rating upgrade, any outlook you want to give this 121% 
can improve to what extent in '26 because of you winning better contracts? 
S.K. Rath: 
If you see, in comparison to last year our international business and the rating, I mean, the 
combined ratio has actually come down in comparison to the March '23. If you look at March 
'24, it was something 108% and now that has come down, incurred claims ratio has come down 
to 100% this year. So naturally the combined is in addition to the normal claims, we add the 
other expenses and commission. That's why it is slated at a higher level. But going forward, yes, 
we will try to improve further and we would like to follow the underwriting, this means that we 
have been following. And we will also look at the improved market and international markets 
where we can improve the combined ratio. 
Sanket Godha: 
Got it, sir. And second one more question which I had sir is that, there is a lot of news regarding 
that obligatory business could be further reduced from 4%, because in the news there are many 
articles saying that the general insurance industry is making a representation to lower it for GIC 
Re, obligatory business to be lowered. So if you have heard anything from government or IRDA 
on those lines, any waterfall what they have given that how gradually it will be reduced or it will 
be holding up at 4% itself? 
Hitesh Joshi: 
We have no information or advice from either the regulator or the ministry. I think these are the 
usual efforts made by the industry, and particularly certain cedents, so which makes the news. 
But we have no information, no official news either from the regulator or from the ministry. 
Sanket Godha: 
Okay, sir. And sir, if you if you can give your obligatory business, probably combined ratio or 
loss ratio compared to the company average or domestic business average loss ratio or combined 
ratio, that will be useful, just to understand whether obligatory is much more profitable compared 
to overall company's domestic business. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Not really. See, the point is that obligatory would constitute say something like 30% of our book. 
And there is always a risk return trade off, so it is not correct to say that this is more profitable. 
And given our focus on underwriting discipline, our rest of the book is also improving not only 
domestically but also for international. So, there should not be any concern on that count that 
profitable business will go away. We are continuing to improve the quality of the rest of the 
portfolio. 
Sanket Godha: 
Got it, sir. Sir, I was asking the breakup of domestic business and international business 
combined ratio into loss ratio and expense ratio for the full year.  
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Sanket, this is Sanjay Mokashi, General Manager Reinsurance department. The loss ratio for the 
domestic portfolio annually is at 85.3%. And for foreign business it is 98.9%. 
Sanket Godha: 
98.9% and 85.6% you said, right, sir? 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Yes. Sorry Sanket, I will correct myself. It is 96.5% for foreign. 
Sanket Godha: 
96.5% for foreign for the full year, right, sir? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Yes, yes, full year.  
Sanket Godha: 
And domestic you said 85.6%, right sir? 
Rajesh Laheri: 
85.33%. 
Sanket Godha: 
Okay, got it, sir. And sir, in the result I can again see that you made a catastrophic reserve of 
almost Rs. 6,000 crores, which you also did almost similar number last year.  
S.K. Rath: 
Rs. 600 crores.  
Sanket Godha: 
Sorry, Rs. 600 crores. So just wondering, sir, suppose if a catastrophe event happens you will 
try to take the hit through reserves in the future? Or you will continue to route it through P&L 
just to protect the P&L. I still want to understand the logic of creating so much of CAT reserves 
incrementally in in that sense. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
So this reserve is being created in line with the CAT reserve policy as approved by the Board 
and we plan to build up this corpus to something like an amount of Rs. 5,000 crores. Till that 
corpus is built, we do not plan to recover or withdraw draw down from this reserve. It will be 
straight to the P&L. 
Sanket Godha: 
Okay. And these cat reserves are used in solvency calculations, sir? 
Rajesh Laheri: 
No, it is excluded for the purpose of available assets. 
Sanket Godha: 
Okay, got it. And last one sir, if you can break down your investment income for the full year 
and the current quarter into capital gains and the regular dividend/interest income. 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
Hello, this is Radhika Ravishekar here, the CIO. The breakup is, for the full year investment 
income stands at Rs. 11,204 crores. The income excluding profit, that is your interest, dividend 
stands at Rs. 7,096 crores., which is a 10% increase from the previous year of Rs. 6,430 crores, 
profit on sale is Rs. 4,108 crores as again Rs. 4,135 crores. Despite the challenging market 
conditions, we have been able to maintain this profit on sale of securities. 
Sanket Godha: 
Got it, ma'am. Perfect. This is useful if I have any questions, I will come back in the queue. 
Thank you very much. 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
Yes, sure. 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, hi sir. Sir, just on this pricing in both domestic and international markets, on the fire piece 
in particular, we were hearing that the reinsurers have increased the pricing on the fire side. Any 
comments there from your side? 
S.K. Rath: 
Yes, Prayesh, this is S.K. Rath, GM Reinsurance, I would like to comment on that. See, this time 
renewal, we have asked all the insurance companies operating in India, in view of reduction in 
their premium quarter by quarter we asked them how they are going to improve their claims and 
how they are going to achieve their business targets. So the companies themselves have come to 
GIC with their business plan and their growth plan, wherein they assured us that they will be 
adhering to the IIB rates prescribed by the IRDA. So, on the basis of that, they have been 
following the process and they are following their business plan. So, reinsurer has no role on 
that. As and when they come to GIC only for any FAC support, we just wanted to ensure that 
they follow the rates that they have given as assurance. 
Prayesh Jain: 
But what have been the kind of renewal rate that would have happened on the same on the like-
to-like basis? 
S.K. Rath: 
They have been trying to adhere to the IRDA rates, particularly from 1st of January, '25, 
onwards. And there are aberrations as well, but there are few aberrations which some of the 
companies might have not adhered to. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And secondly sir, in terms of growth, for example, hypothetically if the obligatory 
business 4% goes away, and I understand the obligatory business is about 43% of your domestic 
business, do you see this kind of getting impacted because some of the like, for example, health 
insurers wouldn't want to kind of continue with the obligatory insurance or reinsurance. So 
would that be a growth restrictor for you? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Prayesh, in this situation, if obligatory goes away, yes, there could be a hit, a temporary setback 
to the top line. But on the flip side, it gives us greater control on our portfolio. The entire risk 
selection is with our underwriting, will be based on our underwriting. Having said that, we have 
put in place a plan to overcome the short-term setbacks that we might have if obligatory goes 
away. And the approach generally would be to market the additional quota share treaty from the 
companies. So, there are companies who are willing to increase their reinsurance with us and we 
will take that opportunity. Currently we have been very conservative, very selective in that 
segment because we already have obligatory. 
Having said that, there is another factor also that we have been in this market for more than 50 
years now. There is established relationship with the market which will help us in leveraging the 
relationship. At the same time, we have the data, that data will also help us to strategize. And 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
these are the things we will implement if and when obligatory goes up. As Mr. Joshi said, as of 
now, there is no information either from ministry or IRDA in this regard. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. And in terms of growth, how would you look at growth in the international business? 
S.K. Rath: 
Yes. Going forward, our impetus is that we look forward to the new markets where we have 
been moved out, or because of our rating downgrade in the year '20, we are not able to renew 
our some of the accounts. Now we are trying to look into those territories where we can reenter 
them and to bring about or to renew those accounts, or to gain those accounts which are lost to 
us. So that way we can get into those markets. And similarly, we are also looking into the 
accounts where we have better opportunity or better control to increase our line. So that way we 
want to increase our foreign business going forward. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And any guidance on combined ratio improvement trajectory which has been consistently 
improving for you guys over the last four years? 
S.K. Rath: 
This year the foreign combined, particularly in this, Q4th Quarter, is a dampener because of 
some of the events that is California fire and some of the improvement of the losses like Dubai 
flood and Nepal flood. All those things are coming up. Then Taiwan Typhoon. Those figures 
are coming up or improved over the quarter. But we have been aware of the CAT events and we 
are following the CAT modelling also to take leverage of our position, and that is how we want 
to improve our underwriting as well as our business participation in the account so as to improve 
our foreign combined ratio going forward. 
Prayesh Jain: 
So overall, the combined ratio should be expected to further improve by -- 
S.K. Rath: 
Yes, currently it is at 121% something, and we still want to improve, if it can be around 110% 
or 115% that will be an achievement by the year end. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. So overall, we can still expect the overall combined ratio at the company level is at 108.8% 
in FY '25 which can further improve to 106% levels? 
S.K. Rath: 
Yes, around 106%, 107% figure. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Thank you so much. And wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Karthikeyan, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Karthikeyan: 
Hi, good morning to everyone. Thanks for the opportunity. So I have two or three questions. The 
first question, see, we always made underwriting profits in the Q4, the last quarter, and we 
haven't made any underwriting profit for this quarter. Any specific reasons for that? 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
S.K. Rath: 
See, if you look at the underwriting profit, we have made some profit this quarter as well. If you 
look at domestic profit this quarter, the combined ratio has come down, non-life domestic has 
come down to 70.34% as against 80% of Q4 of last year. And if you look at the December 
quarter, it was 83.72% whereas in Q4 it is 70.24%. This is for domestic. And if you look at for 
foreign, the loss ratio is 110.29% in last quarter, whereas it is 68.60% for this quarter. And the 
main dampener here is the foreign Q4 and that is mainly, as I said before, it is mainly because 
of the California fire and then Taiwan Typhoon, and there are some flood losses of Dubai and 
Nepal that has added to the losses.  
 
And in addition to that, there are some losses that has affected like Israel and Turkey losses, 
motor losses has added to that. That's why the losses, I mean, the Q4 profit has come down in 
comparison to last year. Otherwise, if you look at the overall performance of the organization, 
on a year-on-year basis it is quite improved. If you look at the entire year, we have made a profit 
of Rs. 8,700-odd crores as against Rs. 7,000 crores something last year. So as a reinsurer, we do 
not go by quarter-on-quarter, rather we look at the overall performance of the company for the 
annual period. So that is why, as a reinsurer, we look at it. 
Karthikeyan: 
So the life, whatever losses we had in this quarter, right, it's all due to the catastrophic events? 
S.K. Rath: 
CAT events which has been reported for which we have made provisions, and there are some 
provisions also, additional provisions are made for life. 
Karthikeyan: 
For the life part, I mean, it has actually increased, for the last year if you look at the losses, right, 
it has increased almost 2.5x. 
S.K. Rath: 
Yes, and I will ask my life actuary Mr Suresh Sindhi to address the query. He is here with me; 
he will be addressing that.  
Suresh Sindhi: 
Hi, good morning, Karthikeyan. This is Suresh Sindhi, Life Actuary. So if you just see that, yes, 
the losses are quite significant, mainly on account of two things. One is, the net claims paid, so 
we paid actually net claims which are much higher compared to last year, 1,887 claims we have 
paid this year, number one. Second thing is, obviously, there are lot of claims which have been 
reported but we have not yet settled those claims, so obviously we have to set aside reserves. So, 
because of setting aside the reserves and those claims which we have already paid, because of 
that obviously we have incurred, the claims have increased substantially compared to last year. 
Karthikeyan: 
 Because there is not much of an event, right, I mean, in terms of life losses. Is it because of 
catastrophic event or, I mean, the increase is 2.5x than last year. And suddenly how come the 
claims have increased so much in the one quarter? I mean, even quarterly if you look at the 
numbers, I mean, I am not able to make any sense out of the numbers. 
Suresh Sindhi: 
Yes. So maybe to be very specific, there are no big losses, obviously, but there are many claims 
as I told you. So if you really want the explanation, let's say, here we are talking about incurred 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
claims of say 2,904. So these incurred claims are made-up of three parts. One is how much 
claims you have paid till date, that is 1,887. The claims which we are supposed to pay that is the 
change in, we call this additionally things, which is around 158.1 compared to last time. And the 
reserves, we have to set aside reserves also, as you also know that life is a long-term business in 
nature. So we have set aside reserves that is coming around 859. That is a change in reserve also. 
So if you combine all those things, because of that your incurred claims have increased 
substantially compared to even last quarter and then the last year. 
Karthikeyan: 
 So this trend will continue or there will be improvements going forward? 
Suresh Sindhi: 
Yes, so we believe that, as you also know that Jan, Feb, March is the last quarter of the year for 
the insurance companies, so obviously we get lot of claim intimations and all those kinds of 
things. And we believe that if you just talk about coming quarters, obviously, we do not expect 
this kind of trend will continue. We hope that it will settle down. But yes, this time there is an 
increase because of this reason. 
Karthikeyan: 
Okay. Another question we had, I mean, with regards to motor, I mean, foreign motor and marine 
which we had discontinued and we had like tail risks coming. So that has come to an end or how 
is it there? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Sanjay Mokashi here, Karthikeyan. I would not say it has come to an end. Obviously, such an 
arrangement has a tail. I can only say that the contract that we cancelled by the end of 2021, the 
effect of it is waning. The tail continues. It has not come to an end, but it is certainly waning. 
And more importantly, we have created enough reserves in our books of account as well. 
Karthikeyan: 
So can we say that it will it will go away maybe by FY '26 or '27. How is that? And it seems to 
be a very long tail. 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
It is, because the nature of that contract was treaties that were written in motor and cargo 
segment, so it will always approach the graph as in asymptotically, the axis asymptotically. And 
so the tail will be in future such that it will not hopefully impact our portfolio adversely. 
Karthikeyan: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, another question, what would be the growth forecast for like the domestic and 
the foreign combined for the next two or three years? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
On an overall basis, we project growth in our reinsurance business, which will be measured 
growth of about 10% year-on-year for the next three years. 
Karthikeyan: 
Okay. And final question, see the last quarter, I mean, it's a very tough quarter in terms of the 
investment part, but there is a substantial growth, right, I mean, almost 28%. I mean, what drove 
the growth of the investment income? Can you give us a breakup, I mean, for the Rs. 3,900 
crores. 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
Yes. Hello, this is Radhika Ravishekar, just repeat your question. 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Karthikeyan: 
The question is what's the investment breakup, I mean, the gains of Rs. 3,900 crores, can you 
give me the breakup of interest income, dividend and as well as -- 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
Oh, you are asking for the quarter? 
Karthikeyan: 
Yes. Specific for the quarter, that's correct. 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
Yes. For the quarter the breakup will be say around Rs. 1,500 crores from profit on sale and the 
balance will be interest income, so interest and dividend income. 
Karthikeyan: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
Because we focus more on the fixed income securities. 
Karthikeyan: 
Okay. Yes, got it. Thank you. That's all I have. Thank you. And all the best. 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Sanket Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanket Godha: 
Sir, one more question I had on growth, see, health business has seen a significant growth in the 
full year around 66-odd-percentage. So on this big base, do you think this growth will be 
sustainable or you think that the numbers might potentially come down in next year? And on 
similar lines just want to understand your outlook on crop incrementally, because it's been 
declining every year. So, now we do Rs. 3,200 odd crores of business in crop, so how do we see 
that playing out going ahead? 
S.K. Rath: 
Hi Sanket, this is S.K. Rath again. As to the health portfolio, yes, we have seen fundamental 
growth, phenomenal growth this year in comparison to last year, and this is mainly the 
concentration was on retail health business that we have categorically chosen to write. And going 
forward, yes, the achievement of this sort of growth will not be possible because all the SAHI 
companies tend to harp on higher commission levels, and whether we are able to meet their 
demands is a question going forward.  
 
And particularly, currently wherever we have participated, the participation on standalone retail 
part is substantial, and then the group health also. Group health usually we participate with some 
participation terms to reduce the outgo in terms of losses. So, hopefully if the same trend is 
continued and if the companies are prepared to accept the same terms, then the growth would be 
in the range of say 5% to 10%, but the percentage of growth that we have seen this year is not 
likely to continue going forward. 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Sanket Godha: 
Got it, sir. But sir, if the commission demand is higher, then is it fair to say that this Rs. 9,500 
crores of business what you did in 4th Quarter might see a decline also because it might not be 
acceptable terms for you? 
S.K. Rath: 
Yes, it may be. It may be possible, but the other way is that there are also new participants 
coming up who want to have their participation in health line of portfolio. New insurance 
companies are also coming up, so they are also interested in participating this retail line of 
business where the expenses are minimal and whereby, they can gain some mileage out of the 
expenses to keep their expenses within the limit of IRDA. So this and the crop are the two 
portfolios where the companies are more and more interested. So there we can extend our 
capacities with our terms as per our policy. 
Sanket Godha: 
Sir, on crop any outlook you want to give, Rs. 3,200 crores, will it be stable, grow? 
S.K. Rath: 
Yes, see, currently the crop portfolio has gone substantial changes. The SSM model which has 
been now in comparison to the previous model of PMAY scheme where the liability was 250%, 
whereas in this SSM model the cap is at 110% or 130%, which is usually chosen by various 
states. So that is where the premium has come down and it has come down by more than 50%, 
60% because the exposure is less. The insurance companies try to pass on the benefit on the 
premium front to the state. So we have written some of the treaties this year and we hopefully 
going forward will try to improve participation in the SSM model and the excess stop loss model 
whereby we can maintain or slightly increase the participation. 
Sanket Godha: 
Sir, are you seeing incrementally more states adopting that SSM model? 
S.K. Rath: 
Yes, they are adopting this SSM model. For example, for a state like Maharashtra where the 
premium goes up to Rs. 10,000 crores to Rs. 12,000 crores, they have now opted for SSM model 
wherein the loss is capped at 110%. So naturally the premium will come down by 50% to 60%. 
Sanket Godha: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And sir lastly, if these two lines say remain subdued, then the price hike what 
you have experienced in fire segment will compensate for any growth, sir? Or what kind of 
growth you can expect in fire segment because of the pricing being going up from January? 
S.K. Rath: 
The pricing, as I said, we are seeing the growth, particularly the companies are following up the 
IRDA rates, which itself will help the market to grow by 10% to 20% in the fire segment. So 
that will naturally add to the growth of our premium. The other aspect that you are telling that 
health and crop, crop we are away from the crop portfolio because of the same increase in loss 
and the premium flow, cash flow is quite minimal. But off late we have seen this SSM model 
wherein the companies and the states are prepared to pass on the premium as early as possible. 
And we do see that there are some prospects of participation in some of the specific agri 
insurance companies, whereby we can see some growth in the crop portfolio. Though health 
portfolio the growth will be incremental or minor, it may go down slightly. 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Sanket Godha: 
Okay, sir, got it. Understood. That's it from my side. Thank you very much. 
S.K. Rath: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
So the annual results and the quarterly results that we have presented are broadly in line with the 
earlier guidances we have been giving from time to time and the trajectory that we have chosen. 
We will continue to follow the underwriting discipline, the prudent risk management, and will 
continue to seek favorable risk return trade off. And we remain committed to creating value for 
our stakeholders. Thank you all for joining us for this earnings call. Good day and bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of General Insurance Corporation of India, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines.  
