 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
 Compliance Department, 
 BSE Limited 
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
 Dalal Street, Fort, 
 Mumbai - 400 001 
Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra - (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 Scrip Code:- 539889 
NSE Symbol:- PARAGMILK 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
  
Sub: Transcript of earnings conference call under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In continuation to our letter dated April 29, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call held on Monday, May 5, 2025 for 
discussion on the financial and operational performance for Quarter and Financial Year ended March 
31, 2025. 
 
The 
aforementioned 
transcript 
has 
been 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
www.paragmilkfoods.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Parag Milk Foods Limited 
 
 
Virendra Varma 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
FCS No: 10520 
Virendra 
Lalbahadur 
Varma
Digitally signed by Virendra 
Lalbahadur Varma 
Date: 2025.05.12 19:18:36 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Parag Milk Foods Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. AKSHALI SHAH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, PARAG 
MILK FOODS LIMITED 
MR. ANKIT JAIN – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER, PARAG 
MILK FOODS LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL KUMAR SRIVASTAVA – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER, PARAG MILK FOODS LIMITED 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Parag Milk Foods Limited Q4 and FY ‘25 
Earnings Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. If you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*,” then “0” on your touch tone phone. 
Please note that this call is being recorded.  
 
We have with us today the Management Team of Parag Milk Foods Limited, represented by Ms. 
Akshali Shah – Executive Director; Mr. Ankit Jain – Chief Strategy Officer; and Mr. Rahul 
Kumar Srivastava – Chief Operating Officer.  
 
I now hand over the call to Ms. Akshali Shah – Executive director of the company. Thank you 
and over to you. 
Akshali Shah: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for your time today. It's a pleasure to welcome you all to 
Parag. Milk Foods Q4 and FY ‘25 Earnings Call. 
I have Mr. Rahul Kumar Srivastava with me who is the Chief Operating Officer at Parag Milk 
Foods. He has worked in the dairy industry for 32 years. 22 years with Amul, and he was the 
MD for 11 years out of that. 10 years with Lactalis India, Lactalis is one of the largest dairy 
companies globally. And he's joined Parag 1.5 years back.  
 
I also have Mr. Ankit Jain with me, who's the Chief Strategy Officer. He's joined Parag a year 
ago. He's worked in Marico for 15 years and Arvind Smart Spaces as CFO for four years. 
Ankit Jain: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. 
Akshali Shah: 
I am delighted to share that FY ‘25 has been a milestone year for Parag Milk Foods, one that 
showcased the strength of our business fundamentals, the strength of our brands, the impact of 
the strategic choices that we have made over the past few years. It's been a year of strong growth, 
disciplined execution, and meaningful progress across the board.  
 
India is the largest producer and consumer of milk, contributing over 23% of global milk 
production. As per the IMARC Report, the Indian dairy size is estimated at Rs. 10 lakh crores 
and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 14% over the next eight years. Indian dairy industry has 
seen a remarkable transformation over the recent past. While milk production continues to thrive 
at 7% year-on-year, the sector is now witnessing a strong growth in organized retail, value-added 
products, considering a shift in consumer preferences towards quality, convenience, and health.  
 
During Q4 FY ‘25, the milk prices have increased by 12% year-on-year and 9% sequentially. 
As we step into the next phase of our journey, we are not just thinking in terms of dairy. We are 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
evolving ourselves into a nutrition enriched protein-led business, which is positioned to meet the 
evolving needs of modern India and beyond. With robust infrastructure, strong brands, deep 
consumer connect and visionary leadership, we aspire to be India's leading dairy FMCG and 
emerge as a global player in providing high quality nutritional products.  
 
Let me take you through our financial highlights: 
It gives me immense pride to announce that we have recorded our highest ever revenue in the 
year FY ’25, and for this quarter as well. In Q4 FY ‘25, we have recorded a quarterly revenue 
of Rs. 918 crores, registering a 16% year-on-year growth, driven by healthy 13% volume growth. 
For the full year, our revenue stood at Rs. 3,432 crores, up by 9% year-on-year with volume 
growth of 10%. Overall, our core categories growing by 17% in volume and maintaining 
leadership position.  
 
Besides our top-line growth, we have focused on improving our profitability. Our EBITDA for 
FY ‘25 stood at Rs. 293 crores, a 30% increase over the previous year, with margins expanding 
by 130 basis points to 8.5% of revenue. 
On the bottom line, Q4 profit before tax stood at Rs. 33 crores, up by 141%, and our PAT was 
Rs. 26 crores, a growth of 167% Y-o-Y. For the full year PAT stood at Rs. 119 crores, a solid 
31% growth over the last year.  
 
Importantly, we have focused on strengthening our balance sheet across all parameters. Our debt 
net to equity stands at 0.5 versus 0.6 last year. Further, our debt to equity has improved from 2.4 
times to 1.9 times. Our net cash from operation for FY ‘25 was Rs. 212 crores, giving us greater 
financial flexibility and resilience for future growth.  
 
We delivered a broad-based volume growth led by our core categories, that is ghee, cheese and 
paneer. Collectively grew by 17% in volume during FY ‘25. These core categories are 
fundamental pillars of our growth, reflecting the power of our brand and strong consumer trust. 
According to the IMARC report, 2024, Gowardhan Ghee was commanding a 22% market share 
in branded cow ghee category, reinforcing its position as a trusted staple in the Indian kitchen, 
it stands at number one position at 22% market share. GO Cheese continues to hold the fort, 
maintaining its market share at 35%, a very close neck to neck with its number one.  
 
Despite volatility in milk procurement cost, in Q4 average prices rising by 12% year-on-year to 
Rs. 37 per litre, we navigated this challenge effectively through timely pricing promotion 
actions, thereby maintaining the Y-o-Y gross margins. We procured approximately 15 lakh litres 
of milk daily. At the heart of the system lies our deep stand holding relationship with over 5 lakh 
farmers. Our direct procurement model ensures transparency, fair pricing, consistency in quality 
which not only secures our supply chain but also uplifts rural livelihood. This model has enabled 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
us to build a sustainable, mutually respectful ecosystem with our farmers. Farmers who are not 
just our suppliers, but they are also our growth partners.  
 
Talking about the quality of our products, we believe that good quality commands a premium. 
And our consistent focus on quality, purity and innovation is what sets us apart in the market. 
We control our entire value chain, ensuring traceability, freshness, and product integrity. Our 
brands, whether it's Gowardhan, GO, Avvatar and Pride of Cows resonate with our consumers 
who seek trust, who are trustworthy in nutrition and superior product. This belief in quality is 
what allows us to not only grow, but also command a premium in highly competitive categories. 
Our relationship with our consumer is built on authenticity and consistency, and we are proud 
to see growing brand loyalty across urban and emerging markets.  
 
Our premium and new age business, which is Avvatar and Pride of Cows, also continues to build 
strong traction. Avvatar, our whey protein brand, has grown by 41% year-on-year and 
approximately 6 times in the past three years. Almost 60% of our turnover comes from e-
commerce. It's not only capturing the sports nutrition segment, but we are also very relevant in 
everyday health-conscious consumers, thanks to our expanding portfolio and digital marketing 
strategies.  
 
Pride of Cows, our niche premium farm-to-home dairy brand with single-origin milk expanded 
both its reach and product offering. We are now present in seven cities with Pride of Cows, that 
is Mumbai, Delhi, Pune, Bangalore, Surat, Ahmedabad and Vadodara. With increased presence 
across quick commerce and e-retail platform, we are tapping into a fast-moving premium 
consumer segment.  
 
Coming to our distribution network: 
We have continued to invest in building a robust future-ready distribution ecosystem, one that 
serves both traditional and consumption channels. In general trade, we have deep presence, 
geographic reach, and strong distributor relationships, enabling better shelf presence and 
replenishment. In modern trade, we have built strategic partnerships with key players, improving 
brand visibility and in store execution. E-commerce and quick commerce have also become a 
strong driver in our growth story. Apart from these networks, we have our own network where 
we reach to our consumers directly through our website and mobile applications, reflecting our 
strong execution and technology for superior delivery services.  
 
Speaking of marketing, it's been a key driver of brand building and consumer engagement. We 
have adopted impact-led strategy with integrated in-content branding, partnering with cultural 
relevant high reach properties like Kaun Banega Karodpati for Gowardhan and GO Cheese, Big 
boss for GO Cheese, Maharashtrachi Hasya Jatra for Gowardhan, MTV Roadies for Avvatar, 
and celebrity influencers like Malaika Arora for Pride of Cows.  

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
The choice of each of these associations was with a clear intent to engage diverse consumer 
associates, create salience of our brand, and drive trials and repeat purchase. These campaigns 
were simplified across digital, social in-store touch points to build 360-degree engagement in an 
omni channel world. More than visibility, our marketing investments have delivered outcomes, 
stronger brand recalls, increased modern trade offtakes, and higher digital conversions.  
 
Innovation is at the heart of Parag Milk Foods. FY ‘25 was a strong year in terms of new product 
development. The best synergy and forward integration for Gowardhan Gee was entering into 
branded mithai market with the brand Gowardhan Khushiyan Mithai. We have also recently 
launched chikki which is made out of Gowardhan ghee in three flavors, that is sesame, peanut 
and dry fruit.  
 
With GO, we have launched flavored yogurt in different flavors. In Pride of Cows, we have 
launched high protein, low fat paneer, with new emerging categories in cheese and fresher 
cheese in Pride of Cows we have launched bocconcini. In Pride of Cows we have also launched 
Greek Yogurt with 8 grams of protein. And lastly, Avvatar Protein Bar in chocolate and coffee 
flavors which have whey protein isolate, and each bar has 10 grams of protein.  
 
These launches reflect our sharp consumer focus, deep market understanding and strong in-
house R&D. They are helping us drive both vertical within the existing categories and horizontal 
expanding into newer consumption occasions. Our innovation engine is designed to be agile 
from concept to shelf, is backed with advanced infrastructure, consumer highlights, and rigorous 
quality standards.  
 
In a noteworthy development, we have recently announced a capital raise of Rs. 161 crores 
through convertible warrants on a preferential basis. We are proud to have a marquee investor, 
Mr. Utpal Sheth, a distinguished investor and a financial strategist. Also, our Chief Strategy 
Officer, Mr. Ankit, has also participated in this round. The proceedings will be used for debt 
reduction, working capital enhancement and accelerating our strategic growth. Their backing is 
a strong endorsement of our vision governance and a long term potential reflecting strong 
confidence.  
 
As we look forward to the future, our strategic priorities remain very clear, strengthening and 
accelerating our core categories, brand building and innovation, strengthening our new age 
business (Avvatar and Pride of Cows), evolve route to market, and driving financial growth. 
 
We should now open the forum for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our 
first question from the line of Charisha Shyam Sukha from Vendure Growth Partner Llp. Please 
go ahead.  

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Charisha Shyam Sukha: 
Hi, good evening. My question was on the lines of operations. So, I see that you have delivered 
13% growth in Quarter 4 FY ‘25, whereas our core categories like ghee, cheese, and paneer have 
grown only by 18%. So, I mean, so overall you are going at 13%, but these have grown by 18%. 
So what are the categories that are growing slower than the company level growth rate? And 
what is the strategy on them?  
Akshali Shah: 
Yes. So to answer your question, our ingredient business that we supply to a lot of these 
institutions has degrown, which is majorly SMP, that's degrown by almost 9%. 
Charisha Shyam Sukha: 
Okay. And what is the strategy to increase the growth? 
Akshali Shah: 
Sorry, we cannot hear you clearly. 
Charisha Shyam Sukha: 
So I was just asking like since SMP has degrown by 9%, so what is the strategy on helping this 
grow further? 
Ankit Jain: 
See, overall, this ingredient business, largely SMP, skimmed milk powder, is more of a 
commodity. We have consciously taken this call, because it is a very low margin business, so  
we have consciously chosen this strategy of growing the other segments and more focusing on 
the core and the new age. 
Charisha Shyam Sukha: 
Got it. Okay. On the milk procurement front, for the milk that you are procuring from outside 
the farmers, how much is the direct procurement like without any middle man or agent? 
Ankit Jain: 
So overall, you would have noticed that we procure around 15 lakh litres of milk  on a daily 
average basis. Almost two-thirds of the same is procured through aggregators, and almost one-
third is through our direct own network through our BMCs, which is bulk milk coolers; and CC, 
which is chilling centers. They are more than 300 in numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sanjay Natwarlal Shah from Kanishka. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you. Congratulations on the results and the presentation, which is quite informative. If I 
may just ask you to kind of gaze ahead on the next 12 months to probably two or three years, 
what's the kind of plan that you have or aspiration that you have from a growth perspective, 
distribution point perspective, and the return ratios, ROCE, ROE? How should we think about 
the company just in terms of how you are kind of aspiring to grow? 
Ankit Jain: 
See, while we do not give a specific yearly guidance, you are seeking for a like 12 months of 
growth strategy. But I think the way we have been growing at a CAGR of around 18% for the 
past three years, we can assume that we of course aspire to grow a little higher on the same and 
we continue to grow on that CAGR with a clear focus on, again, the core categories, the new 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
age business, and new products which we are likely to introduce and which we have already 
recently introduced along with that.  
Sanjay Shah: 
Sorry, maybe I did not place my question properly. We should of course ignore the next six 
months, eight months, 12 months. But if you talk about a two, three year kind of a journey, where 
should we or how should we expect the company to evolve? 
Ankit Jain: 
See, in the last year, of course, there was a visionary statement given by our Chairman for Rs. 
10,000 crores mark. I will ask Akshali to answer. 
Akshali Shah: 
Yes. So we have actually given guidance saying that we will reach Rs. 10,000 crores in the next 
four years. And yes, that's the guidance that we have given. And if you see our past trends, we 
have grown by almost 18% to 20% CAGR, hoping the trend should continue. 
Sanjay Shah: 
And what could be the implication for the return ratios, just given the kind of growth? 
Ankit Jain: 
You mean to say return on equity or capital employed? 
Sanjay Shah: 
That's correct. 
Ankit Jain: 
See, of course this is the resultant coming from improvement in EBITDA margins. So as we 
move along, and you would have observed that in the past three years our EBITDA margins 
have moved up from 5.7% to 8.5% in last year. We continue to thrive on that and we aspire to 
take it to higher levels. But genuinely, we do not give any specific number wise guidance. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from the line of Vikram Shukla, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikram Shukla: 
Hi, everyone. And thanks for this opportunity to ask questions to the management. This is one 
of the companies which I own since last 10 years, but practically I have lost money despite of 
being a consumer company. So I just have a few questions for management to ponder, right. So 
when you came with the IPO,  you looked like not probably a milk company, but more of a 
value-added product. But when I look at your number from FY ’16, which was your listing days 
actually, the sales have grown 9% while your EBITDA has grown almost like 7%.  
 
And you know the reason for what it is, basically you used to make in FY ’16 9% EBITDA 
margin, and now it is 7.6% where your salience of value-added product has moved up quite 
substantially, from maybe 70% almost. So I do not understand that which way management 
themselves are looking to this business, that the sales have grown 9% and the EBITDA has 
grown 7%. I do agree that there are lot of disruptions happening.  

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Second, I have a lot of question mark as far as the accounting policy is concerned. So if you go 
on a very, very long period of time that your other income, if you go in other income which has 
grown almost like 39%. But if I go little bit detailed on other income, 60% to 70%, other incomes 
are basically livestock reevaluation. And if other income has not grown this much, I think your 
profitability is lower than the EBITDA growth, but obviously that will be reflected in your return 
on capital and ROCE.  
 
So my first question is that, no other company, whether you look at your peers, which is Heritage 
and Hatsun, they do not have that much of other income. But you have very specifically higher 
other income, and very specifically the other income 60% to 70% is driven by the revaluation of 
livestock. So this is my first question. I will ask my second question after this answer. So why 
you have so much of other income? Because if I exclude the other income, probably your 
profitability has not even matched the GDP growth in last 10 years. Over to the management.  
Ankit Jain: 
Sure, I will like to answer your question with respect to other income for the year FY – 25 
Vikram Shukla: 
No, I am not asking for this year. I am looking at your numbers since last four or five years. In 
fact, I have looked at your numbers since last 10 years. So if I exclude the revaluation of 
livestock, probably your profitability has not grown in line with what even EBITDA growth is, 
which is lower than the sales growth.  
Ankit Jain: 
I would like to disagree, because our other income rather this year with respect to change in fair 
valuation for biological assets has reduced Y-o-Y. So in that sense, our EBITDA growth, if you 
were to exclude this other income, our EBITDA growth is much higher excluding this other 
income. 
Vikram Shukla: 
Sir, my question is for the last four, five years, right. And this is very consistent in your P&L, 
right. I do understand a lot of daily business as well, right? So generally what happens that I 
know unlisted businesses where if certain livestock is giving more turnaround then obviously 
you revalue, because you can sell it at higher valuation. But here I think the key business is 
selling the milk, not the livestock.  
Ankit Jain: 
No, it is not the livestock. It is as per IndAS that we have to do a fair valuation of the cow which 
is growing on an exponential basis, and which is our core asset. And hence, this other income is 
flowing to P&L on account of accounting standards. And if you were to look at the year FY '25, 
PAT I am saying, of the total PAT of Rs. 119 crores, only 11% is this other income, which you 
are mentioning with respect to the biological stock valuation.  
Vikram Shukla: 
Your other income is still 30% of your business, sir. So anyway, this is my first question, but 
still I am – 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Ankit Jain: 
So other income has multiple parts, I want to clarify. . When you get through the annual report, 
you will have all the schedule. But just to update you over call, it constitutes only 11% of the 
overall PAT which is the biological assets revaluation. There are other incomes which you will 
definitely see in the annual report schedule.  
Vikram Shukla: 
Second is related to -- 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, I request you to join back the queue please, we have a lot of other participants. 
Vikram Shukla: 
I have asked only one question ma'am.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a long queue, sir. If you can join by the queue please. 
Vikram Shukla: 
Only one question. 
Moderator: 
Okay, please go ahead. 
Vikram Shukla: 
So second is, basically if I look at your operating cash flow, it has again remained very 
inconsistent. Whenever you have hold back to the payable, you have reported a pretty good 
operating cash flow, right. And whenever there a payable has not been held back, you suddenly 
reported a very bad operating cash flow. So the last two years is good. So is there any specific 
things which you have done therefore your operating cash flow is looking very good? And how 
it will look like maybe two, three years’ perspective? Second, is it sustainable?  
Ankit Jain: 
Yes, I would like to answer. See, for our operating cash flows, there are multiple reasons. One 
is of course the improved profitability, which is evident in EBITDA margins. Number two, it is 
mainly on account of the reduction in the inventory which we have shown the trend that from 
72 days it has gone down to 61 days. And there has been a conscious effort by the management 
by the company to take care of the operating cycle and operating cash flows, which is part of net 
working capital. So, we believe that we are continuously thriving on to it. And with respect to 
your observation on trade payables are considered, these are relating mainly to milk vendors.  
Vikram Shukla: 
Fair. I will be in queue in case I have other questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for taking my question. My question was on this expansion in 
Bhagyalakshmi. So what is the status there and which breed are we looking for the cows? 
Because last time with Holstein Friesian cows there was a lot of negative publicity regarding the 
Type 1 milk, and I think also overall as a percentage of revenues it's not grown at all, in FY18 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
3% of revenue, similar right now. So just want your thoughts on that, how are we looking at the 
breed and what are we planning? 
Rahul Kumar Srivastava 
Yes. So we have very specific policy about the breed. We have Holstein Friesian Breed, which 
basically gives 90% of the global milk production. So, it's a well established breed and we only 
take that breed as our herd. And today, we have about 5000 such cows in our Bhagyalakshmi 
Farm. And the way the breed is, we have our self-progeny, so in coming five years we are going 
to touch about 20,000 cows. They are the same breed of Holstein Friesian which is very 
productive and very rugged breed in Indian conditions.  
 
And now we are having a second phase of our farm which is we have named as Swarnabhumi 
Farm where we have about 5,000 land which is about 45 kilometers from the Bhagyalakshmi 
Farm. So that also is under process, and we have already completed a lot of sheds there and cows 
have been transferred there. So maybe with within five years we will be having more than 20,000 
cows of Holstein Friesian breed, which is, as I told you, gives about 90% of the total global milk 
production of cow milk.  
 
And we have more than 2,000 acres of our silage production. So we control the nutrition diet to 
these cows so that we get the best yield and the best quality. So these are also additional 
arrangements we have done to feed these cows properly so to get the best productivity out of 
these cows. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
So that supplies to Bhagyalakshmi only that is 2,000 acres supplies to Pride of Cows only then? 
Rahul Kumar Srivastava: Yes, yes. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Or Pride of Cows is only the Bhagyalakshmi milk? 
Akshali Shah: 
Yes, whatever milk we use in Pride of Cows all comes from Bhagyalakshmi. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
So it doesn't include anything from this 2,000 acres controlled this thing? 
Akshali Shah: 
There is 2,000 acres control for silage. Actually, I would like to clarify. We have two farms 
under Bhagyalakshmi, one is the original plan which is approximately 25 acres, and the new 
farm which is the larger farm is 500 acres farm. And both put together have 5,000 plus cows. I 
hope that clarifies.  
Rahul Kumar Srivastava : Because when the number of cows are increasing, we have to set up new farms with the better 
technology. That's why the new farm is coming up, yes. 
Akshali Shah: 
And the cows are also naturally growing, so we are adding approximately around 500 cows 
every year, and it has a multiplier effect, every year it keeps increasing. 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right. My second question would be, what would be the CAPEX for the next two years? And 
what's the current utilization for the cheese plant? 
Ankit Jain: 
Capital expenditure for next year? 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes, next two years. And what's the current utilization for the cheese plant? 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes. So probably I was answering on the mute. If you were to segregate our capital expenditure, 
we can segregate the expenditure into two formats. One is the routine hygiene capital 
expenditure which we need to incur on an ongoing basis for routine capacity expansion. Plus, 
the other format could be a large greenfield project if we were to undertake. As of now, if you 
look at, we would be restricting ourselves right now to, limiting this answer to the routine 
hygiene CAPEX. If you look at Bhagyalakshmi Farm as well, the majority of the CAPEX is also 
completed. Most of the cow sheds are completed, etc., the farm is almost ready. So from that 
perspective, as we look ahead for the next two years, I think the routine capital expenditure, 
which was likely in the past like around Rs. 40 crores to Rs. 50-odd crores, we can foresee 
annually a Rs. 40 crores to Rs. 50 crores of capital outlay.  
 
With respect to your second question on the cheese plant, the cheese plant investment was 
already completed. It is fully operational. And now we are almost using our capacity. There will 
be a adjacency which we will bring in. So we are almost doing 98%, 99% capacity utilization. 
With respect to further capacity expansion, there will be only adjacencies which will be required 
with marginal CAPEX and not like a full blown CAPEX for the entire new setup of plant, which 
we are evaluating. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And what would be the tax rate for the next two years?  
Moderator: 
Ms. Pallavi, I request you to get back in the queue because we have other participants waiting. 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Raman Kevi from Sequent 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Raman Kevi: 
Okay. So yes, I have only two questions. One is with respect to the preferential issue. Out of the 
Rs. 161 crores which we raised, how much will be utilized to repaying debt and how much will 
be utilized for working capital? 
Ankit Jain: 
So I will answer this. Out of the Rs. 160 crores, we, as per the explanatory statement provided, 
we have mentioned Rs. 70 crores will be utilized towards debt reduction, almost Rs. 40 crores 
will be used towards the working capital, almost Rs. 20 crores will be used towards the capital 
expenditure, and the remaining as a corporate general purpose. 
Raman Kevi: 
Okay. And my second question is, so I have seen the presentation as well as the results, so I 
basically understood that there are three different main areas, one  is like the core which is the 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
core business. And then second is the new age business which you are keen on focusing on, and 
the other one is milk and intermediates. So can I get margin of the core business and new age 
business? 
Ankit Jain: 
Practically, this is confidential information, hence we would like to choose not to answer on the 
margin upfront with respect to the category-wise margin. 
Raman Kevi: 
Okay. I just wanted to understand because you said you are focusing on core and new age 
businesses. Can you just give us rough estimation or guidance with respect to two, three years, 
how do you see the core business turning out and how do you see the new age business turning 
out? Because now I can see that 50% of the revenue is from core business and only 10% to 15% 
is from the new edge. So can we see the new age business going up from 15% to 20% or 25%? 
And will the margins improve? 
Ankit Jain: 
See, with respect to overall growth aspirations, specifically for new age, of course, it remains 
core to our heart and we will continue to remain focused on new age business. But in terms of 
numbers, we do not give a breakup of how we are estimating our revenues. But we are looking 
at, as we have told to you overall, that we are looking at tripling our revenues in the next four 
years from Rs. 3,400 crores to almost Rs. 10,000 crores in the next four years. So of course, we 
will be riding on this product portfolio. And maybe just to answer your question on the margin 
front, maybe indicatively I can share that the new age business margins are relatively almost 2x 
of the company's average gross margins. 
Raman Kevi: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Vansh from Renaissance Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Vansh Totlani: 
Congratulations to the team on the great set of numbers. I need to ask just two, three questions 
from my end. First is that I need to understand the category-wise metrics, what are the top line, 
EBITDA, and PBT metrics for each category? I mean, there is no segment-wise classification 
that we are currently reporting in any of our presentations. Because you also need to understand 
what are the drivers behind this inventory days decline, which category is currently performing 
well, where is our focus, what's are priority? Please if you can throw some color on this, it would 
be great. 
Ankit Jain: 
Sure, thank you. Let me answer you. If you look at our investor presentation, we have given the 
entire composition of business whereby it says that almost 57% of the business comes from the 
core categories, 17% of the business comes from ingredients and SMP, and liquid milk is around 
10%, new age business is 6%, and others are 10%. And with respect to operating profitability 
category-wise, we do not share any numbers with respect to operating margins category-wise. 
However, if you were to look at the trend, we can very well see that over the years the EBITDA 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
margins have improved from almost 5%, 6% to 8.52% this year in the last three years. And 
overall, yes, that's what – 
Vansh Totlani: 
I mean what I am asking is, my major concern here is, you are reporting numbers but you are 
not reporting exact classifications in the lower end. I mean, no EBITDA-wise clarity and no 
PAT-wise clarity. I mean, that's one of the major, I mean, from our end also, from the investor's 
point of view, that's one of our major concerns in which category is currently performing well 
and where are we lacking. And if it is something that you are showing so like, I mean, why -- 
Ankit Jain: 
I would like to answer. See, if you look at the notes with respect to financial statement, we have 
already mentioned that we do not fall under the segment reporting, and hence we do not report 
the segment results accordingly. However, with respect to your question on the overall product 
portfolio, I think we have been consistent in our communication in category-wise highlighting 
what is the composition of the turnover.  
Vansh Totlani: 
Yes sir, from the corporate governance point of view also sir, I mean, if someone wants to know, 
I mean, shouldn't it be your obligation also to --  
Vansh Totlani: 
Sir, if you do not fall under segment reporting and all, but as a company when we are projecting 
that we are a value-added business and we want to claim such valuation in the market, so if you 
want to say that we are only in the milk business, we will continuously carry that valuation which 
commodity business carries. If we are to value-add it we need to know as an investor what are 
the top line which is coming from different categories, what are the margins in all these 
categories. So if you want to say that we are into premium category and we want to hold so then 
how do we do that? Because with these numbers there is no clarity which is coming on. And 
then if on the call if you can mention at least if it is not on the PPT or on from the accounting 
perspective.  
Ankit Jain: 
Yes. Firstly, I would like to update you that there is no obligation to report the number segment-
wise, whether you benchmark any other company. If you were to even benchmark a Nestle, you 
will definitely not – 
Vansh Totlani: 
No sir, I am not asking segment-wise, I what to understand the categories. If you are saying that 
cheese business is growing at this percentage, so what is the margin it is generating, what your 
ghee business margins look like? 
Ankit Jain: 
Can I finish first? What I am saying, see if you were to continue a Q&A like this, it will continue. 
However, please try to listen to me and let me complete first. What I was trying to give you an 
example is, if you were to benchmark with other companies, no companies report the margins 
category-wise because it is a confidential information for the company. I just gave you a random 
example from Nestle because we will never know margin what margin Maggie makes or what 
margin KitKat makes. So let's not hold to the information.  

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
However, I would like to clarify very clearly that as a part of good governance, in spite of we 
not being obligated to report the breakup, we have been presenting our break up of our 
composition of the turnover for the past few years. If you pick any investor presentation, you 
will get that information which gives a good insight in terms of how, what is the core categories, 
what is the composition of the core categories, and how are the core categories performing.  
Vansh Totlani: 
Sir, we will continue to qualify you or classify you as a milk dairy where you are buying at Rs. 
60 selling at Rs. 62. How do we know where the value will come from? If as an investor I have 
to ask something by investing, I need to know where the value comes from, which business you 
are targeting, and where is the growth coming from actually.  
Ankit Jain: 
We have given you the guiding parameters and all the requisite information. We would not like 
to answer this beyond this, further. 
Akshali Shah: 
Next question.  
Vansh Totlani: 
Okay sir then, there's no point. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Naitik from NV Alpha Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Naitik: 
Hi sir, thanks for taking my question. Sir my first question is, we generated highest ever cash 
flow from operations this year, almost Rs. 200 cores. But when I look at your balance sheet, we 
have not repaid any of it, used any of this Rs. 200 crores to repay debt. So why is that so? 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes. If you look at the overall cash flow, I think on a consolidated basis there has been a good 
amount of capital expenditure. So entire proceeds if we were to dissect in two parts, one part is 
usage of the capital expenditure in the capital expenditure item, which is both for 
Bhagyalakshmi. Farm as well as for Parag Milk Foods largely. I think that completes all the 
capital expenditure obligations which were there in terms of whatever were the routine hygiene 
CAPEX which were required. So it is almost close to Rs. 120-odd crores. Besides that, there is 
an interest outflow of almost close to around Rs. 80-odd crores, which takes out this cash flow 
from operating activities. So these are the two major usage of the funds. 
Naitik: 
Right, Sir. And sir another question is on the balance sheet, so when I look at your other current 
assets and other financial assets, if I add them up, for the past three years they have consistently 
been Rs. 400 crores, Rs. 450 crores. And two major items within them is advances and one of 
the other item is other current assets. So what is this and why it keeps on at Rs. 400 crore mark? 
Ankit Jain: 
Sure.  a good question. See, over the period if you would look at, the number has been broadly 
consistent mainly because, while even though turnover has increased so this number has not 
increased, which essentially means as the number of days of capital it is certainly coming down. 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
So overall advances has come down, as you have noticed rightfully. With respect to the other 
part of the assets, it is largely the receivable from the government which is on account of the PSI 
and PLI incentives which government provides. So, of course, that cash flow is dependent on 
the overall larger cash flows from the state government or central government, so we cannot 
comment on that. But overall, I would like to highlight that NWC has come down over a period 
of time from 74 days to almost 62 days when we talk of NWC which is largely in form of 
inventory, receivables, and the trade payable’s part. 
Naitik: 
No, sir. Sir my question is, so the advances that we pay, this also essentially becomes a part of 
our working capital is it? Or what is this advances that we paid for? I do not understand what 
advances we are paying for here, is it for some capital expenditure purchases or is it for our 
business or what is it for? 
Ankit Jain: 
Sure, I will clarify. But before that, I would like to update you that we fall under the highest 
category when it comes to the PSI benefits and the PLI benefits, which is provided by the 
government. Now coming to your question on the advances, typically this is part of the 
customary practice more so with respect to procurement in the state of Maharashtra whereby we 
make these advances to our milk aggregators who in turn set up their own network and 
infrastructure and create their own network infrastructure to procure milk from the farmers. And 
we in turn give these advances as part of our normal in the ordinary course of business which 
continuously have a rotation in terms of the milk supplies as well as the fresh advances. 
Naitik: 
Right. So it is essentially a part of normal business and would probably be part of working 
capital, okay, got it sir. That's it from my side, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Chandresh Malpani from Niveshaay 
Investment Advisors. 
Chandresh Malpani: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is with respect to core categories’ growth rate, 
like we have been growing at 17%- 18% volume growth year-on-year basis. So how confident 
are we on this rate of growth? And what underlying sectors can the management provide us, 
right, for this rate of growth? 
Rahul Kumar Srivastava: So basically, first of all, this branded dairy category is growing with a good healthy rate and the 
people want unadulterated and pure products, so that's also creating lot of growth. You must 
have seen something on the branded ghee as well as branded paneer, so this is one of the pillar 
of growth. Second is that, strategically we are expanding our distribution network, so about 
three, four years back we were having only 15 warehouses, right now we have around 29 
warehouses almost present in all the states. So basically it is a natural demand for the branded 
good quality products as well as our distribution network expansion, along with the brand equity 
what we command and because of that we have more demand for these dairy products. So these 
are the three pillars I would say which will lead to this kind of growth. 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Chandresh Malpani: 
Okay. And second question is with respect to the new age business. I understand like providing 
EBITDA numbers is not mandatory, but can you give some sense on the profitability of it? 
Because like it has started to contribute to the EBITDA or has it reached the breakeven point or 
not, just a sense on this. 
Rahul Kumar Srivastava: Yes, I think Ankit has already given a answer on this question. He said that all the new age 
business, the margins are double than the company's average margin.  
Chandresh Malpani: 
That was on the gross level or -- 
Rahul Kumar Srivastava: Yes, gross level, yes. 
Chandresh Malpani: 
Yes, that's what I am asking because of the amount of marketing and advertisement expenditure 
we must be doing on the Avvatar brand and Pride of Cows, so like has it reached a breakeven 
point or has it started to contribute to the EBITDA levels? 
Ankit Jain: 
See, I will answer this question. While Pride of Cows is a part of a subsidiary which is 
Bhagyalakshmi Dairy Farms Private Limited, the financials definitely will be available to your 
perusal separately. You can go through it. The EBITDA it is almost at a breakeven  definitely. 
We do not report EBITDA again at a category level. Having said that, brand promotion 
expenditure is a pool of expenditure which is rightfully allocated in terms of what is the need of 
the brand and what is the agenda. Basically, what is the intent and what is the reason. So there 
has to be a certain format of consistency.  
 
The way you look at our participation in KBC, it's been three years that we have consecutively 
for three years we have been participating. But this year for GO Cheese we entered into the 
House of Big Boss. So that was, again, a strategic call to enter, so last year we did IPL, this year 
we did a Big Boss. So again, for the brand it needed a different level of advertising, so it has 
gone in different segments. These brands like Avvatar and Pride of Cows, which are new age 
business are more digital brands, so the TG itself needs a lot of influencers and digital marketing 
campaigns. So we continue to drive accordingly. So, we have to look at overall pool of funds 
and how the company is managing the operating aspects. 
Chandresh Malpani: 
Okay sir, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rishabh Gang from Sachetti Family Office. Please 
go ahead. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Really appreciate you conducting the concall, a lot of people 
have asked that before. So earlier on the milk procurement side, for the milk that we are 
procuring from outside farmers, how much of that is direct procurement without any agent or 
middleman? That’s the first question. 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes, sure. We have answered this, but in a summary way, broadly two-thirds of the milk is 
procured through milk aggregators and one-third of the milk is direct procurement through our 
own set of BMCs and chilling centers. 
Moderator: 
Rishabh, I am sorry to interrupt. We have long queue of participants, I requested to join back the 
queue please. Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Sanika from Sapphire 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sanika: 
Yes, I just have one basic question. Is it fair enough to say that due to seasonality in the business 
we should look at our business on a Y-o-Y basis? And can you explain why there's so much 
variation in the EBITDA margin? 
Ankit Jain: 
Okay. With respect to seasonality, while we are looking at growing our turnover, but partially 
your observation is there that with respect to business there is some seasonal impact. For 
example, during festive demand the consumption of ghee will be very high, and similarly the 
cheese will be very high in winters as compared to April, May, June. But April, May, June again 
will be heavy on beverages and other product portfolio. So, I think we have a group of good 
product portfolio and that's why we are able to balance out our revenues. And you will look at 
almost our revenues have been hovering around broadly between Rs. 850 crores to Rs. 900 crores 
across the quarter, and this quarter we have exceeded Rs. 900 crores for the first time with Rs. 
918 crores marking this quarter as the highest ever quarterly revenues. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sanika, we request you to join back the queue please. We will take our next question 
from the line of Riya Agarwal from Bandhan AMC. Please go ahead.  
Riya Agarwal 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand that our margins on core categories, 
which is ghee and cheese, would definitely be higher than the Gowardhan milk product. I just 
want to understand that as you mentioned that your new business margins are 2 times the 
company's gross margin, then in that terms if you can integrate what are the margins on ghee 
and cheese as compared  to milk? 
Ankit Jain: 
I am sorry, but we have just given an indication and we have not given a clear number in terms 
of what is the gross margin on the new age business, and that is too small a business of around 
6% at this point of time. We have consolidated ghee, paneer and cheese to give you a number of 
57% of the overall business as core categories to maintain, of course, to maintain an equilibrium 
between the transparency and protecting the competition sensitive information. So, from that 
perspective, we will not be able to share, again, product-wise, or category-wise margins. 
Moderator: 
Okay. But just can you validate that margins in ghee and cheese are much better than the milk 
margin? 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Ankit Jain: 
We would not like to answer that, because we have to look at the overall margin management 
for the business. We are broadly around 25%- 26% gross margin business at this point of time, 
and we continue to thrive to improve our gross margins as we move forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aditya: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I had a question on your procurement prices. So they 
have increased by Rs. 3 on a Q-o-Q basis, so do you expect it to stabilize at current levels or did 
you expect it to increase going forward? And if you could just provide some perspective 
regarding is this increase a general inflationary increase or there is a milk supply crunch in the 
country? 
Ankit Jain: 
I would answer you on the overall operating margins. I think operating margins for the year have 
been hovering around 8.5%, of course, plus/minus few basis here and there. We will continue to 
thrive to achieve similar margins quarter-on-quarter as we move along. While there will be an 
inflationary impact whereby during inflation the impact on margins as a percentage versus the 
absolute profitability is little different, which applies to all consumer companies. So I am not 
explaining on that aspect. Rahul ji, if I request you to answer on the milk procurement. 
Rahul Kumar Srivastava: Milk procurement, what we anticipate to be more or less stabilized now onwards, because milk 
is the seasonal commodity and we have a supply/demand gap, in the summer where the milk 
production naturally goes down. So this year also because of early summer there was an increase 
of the procurement price from the farmer, so we have taken the call to increase the milk selling 
price. But what we see is stable for the next six months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Amit Mehta from Classic Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mehta: 
Yes. Thank you, team. See, I have a few questions. While the performance of the company has 
improved, I want to understand why the inventory is so huge. And in which category these 
inventories are being built up? Because since we are in to this perishable business, how can the 
inventories be at these levels? 
 
And the second question what I want to understand is the fair valuation that we are doing on the 
biological asset side. So I need to understand, because for last three, four-five years which I have 
been looking at on your cash flow, the biological assets have been revalued and they have only 
been revalued on the higher side, and then they are going and sitting in your other income. So is 
the management trying to bloat the balance sheet or P&L to overall match the profitability as 
per their expectations?  

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Ankit Jain: 
Sure, I will answer the two parts. The first part is on the inventory side. See, we are more into 
value-added products, unlike pure dairy company, which is more into liquid milk, because liquid 
milk has a different working capital cycle. So we have to convert the milk into the value-added 
form, and cheese needs an ageing process. So hence typically our inventory is largely in the form 
of, the major portion of the business is ghee, cheese, paneer, so hence largely the inventory is in 
form of cheese which needs an aging of 6 to 12 months, depending on the type of the cheese. 
And the other form of inventory is more in the form of butter and milk powder because it is 
required and generated as we make ghee.  
 
Now coming to your question on biological assets, this year you would see that biological assets 
valuation has gone down versus last year. Over the years it has been increasingly continuously 
so over the years when you look at the revaluation of biological assets have been increasing 
year-on-year mainly because it is backed by the increase in the number of cows, and hence this 
kind of valuation. But for the year as a whole, if you were to look at – 
Amit Mehta: 
You must be having dry cows also, right, there is a seasonality where the cows go dry. So what 
are you doing on that front? Because all this revaluation that you are doing is going and sitting 
in your other income. And it seems it is artificial increasing the balance sheet size.  
Rahul Kumar Srivastava: Yes. See as far as your question of dry cows are there, it is a natural cycle that cow will be dry 
for a few months, a couple of months, and again it will be under the reproductive cycle.  
Amit Mehta: 
Yes, so we haven't seen any devaluation on that front. And there is no disclosure in the notes to 
accounts. And we are in the business of selling milk and value-added products. Parag is not in 
the business of selling cows, right. Every year we keep on increasing the fair value of business 
assets and biological assets. 
Moderator: 
Amit, I request you to join back the queue please. 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes, I will finish this in just one answer. So we are giving fair disclosure in terms of notes to 
accounts, it is the valuation is being done by an independent certified valuer. It is not a 
management estimate on which it is made as an income. And just to apprise you, the overall 
increase has been backed up with the increase in the number of cows and the increase in the 
actual milk which has been produced at the farm which has increased over the period, and now 
it is almost close to 50,000 litres a day. So there is of course science behind this valuation, and 
it is done under the IndAS Accounting Standards only. However, just to apprise you again that 
this year the income has decreased on a year-on-year basis and it is not growing that every year 
this income is growing. We have been into our expansion phase of our Bhagyalakshmi project 
which also entails, because now the farm is ready operational, so there has been a constant 
increase in the number of cows. 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Mihir Dhami from Sharekhan. Please 
go ahead. 
Mihir Dhami: 
Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. My question was on the Avvatar brand, as in what is our 
strategy to grow that brand? And then how do you see the industry competition in your pricing, 
as in pricing wise I have observed that you all have increased the pricing almost twice in the last 
one year, so just wanted to get to know strategy on how you are planning to grow it. 
Akshali Shah: 
So basically if you know that around 76% of India is protein deficient. Avvatar, we started as a 
sports nutrition brand and now we are also getting into and foraying into, and it's becoming really 
popular with people who are fitness conscious. If you see, we have also launched a protein bar 
which is to be consumed not just by sports nutrition but also by common people who are a little 
more health conscious. If you see, the brand has grown almost 6 times in the last three years and 
we will continue to give marketing support for the brand, and we will soon get into newer formats 
of protein as well instead of just being a sports nutrition or a powder format, you will see newer 
formats of the protein coming in. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Prasun Vijay from Vijay Investment. Please go ahead. 
Prasun Vijay: 
So what is the level of debt that the company has on the balance sheet? And what are the off 
balance sheet items on the borrowing side? 
Ankit Jain: 
On the borrowing side, of course, the net debt of the company is Rs. 561 crores, it is a gross debt 
less of all the fixed deposits and the cash balances. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I will now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Akshali Shah, Executive Director, for closing comments. Over to you. 
Akshali Shah: 
To summarize, in Parag Milk Foods, our past has been challenging. We have overcome this past 
by corrective actions like building a strong team. We have recently hired CXOs in every 
department in the last 24 months. Deloitte was appointed for internal audits. We have also 
become cash positive from operating revenue in the last two years. We also hired the top 
consultant for cost optimization. If you see, our new product development that we are doing, 
have a gross margin which is double of company’s average gross margin. And if you see the list 
of investors, we have marquee investors like Sixth Sense, IFC, and now Mr. Utpal Sheth.  
 
At Parag Milk Foods, we are not just in the dairy business, we are an integrated ecosystem trusted 
by millions of lives every day, whether it is farmers who start their morning with us, the 
consumer who chooses our product for their families’ nourishment, to our partners and investors 
who share our vision, each stakeholder is a center to our journey. We truly believe that Parag is 
rooted in tradition and now leading the nutrition. Backed by a strong infrastructure innovation, 
innovation-led brands, deep market insights and a forward-looking leadership team, we are 

 
Parag Milk Foods Limited 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
confident in our ability to not just lead India’s dairy and FMCG space, but to emerge as a global 
force in nutrition excellence. Thank you once again for the time, your trust, and being a part of 
our exciting journey. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Parag Milk Foods Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
