 
 
DNL/140/NSE/1585/2025 
June 3, 2025 
   
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Stock Symbol: DEEPAKNTR   
 
Sub: Submission of earnings conference call Transcript 
 
We enclose herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call of the Q4 & FY 2025 held on May 
29, 2025 and the same is also available on the website of the Company at the weblink 
https://www.godeepak.com/financial-result/. 
 
Please take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED 
 
 
 
ARVIND BAJPAI  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
ARVIND 
BAJPAI
Digitally signed 
by ARVIND 
BAJPAI 
Date: 2025.06.03 
16:01:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAULIK MEHTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CEO 
MR. SANJAY UPADHYAY – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) & GROUP 
CFO  
MR. SOMSEKHAR NANDA – CFO, DEEPAK NITRITE 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. DISHA ARORA – IIFL CAPITAL LIMITED 
 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Deepak Nitrite Limited’s Q4 & FY25 Earnings Call 
hosted by IIFL Capital Limited. At the outset, I would like to clarify that certain statements made 
or discussed on the conference call today may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to 
this effect has been included in the investor communication shared with you earlier. 
 
As a reminder, all participant line will be in listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Disha Arora from IIFL Capital Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Disha Arora: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on Deepak Nitrite's Q4 & 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we have with us Mr. Maulik Mehta, Executive Director 
and CEO, Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay, Director (Finance) and Group CFO, and Mr. Somsekhar 
Nanda, CFO of Deepak Nitrite Limited. We will begin the call with opening remarks from the 
management team, followed by an interactive Q&A session. 
 
To begin, Mr. Maulik will share his views on the operating performance and the growth plans 
of the Company, followed by Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay, who shall take us through the financial and 
segmental performance. The results documents have been shared with you earlier and also have 
been posted on the Company's website. 
 
I now invite Mr. Mehta to share his opening comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Maulik Mehta: 
Good afternoon everybody, and welcome to Deepak Nitrite's Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference 
Call. Our earnings documents were shared with you earlier, and I trust you have had a chance to 
review them.  
FY25 was a challenging year for the entire chemical industry, marked by significant external 
headwinds, a global slowdown in demand, amplified by geopolitical tensions and 
macroeconomic uncertainties. A wait-and-watch mode in the face of tariff ambiguity has meant 
that supply couldn't be fully absorbed, placing pressure on prices of chemical intermediates. 
Additionally, intense price competition, particularly from Chinese producers who have been 
aggressively placing supplies exerted further margin pressure for Indian manufacturers.  
Amongst these headwinds, domestic demand served as a vital cushion, showing early signs of 
stabilization and recovery in almost the entire range of industry applications. This resilience was 
supported by our continuous focus on cost optimization, digital transformation and an endeavor 
to capture niche demand through product variants and new offerings.  
Given this operating framework, we have reported a resilient performance in FY25, where we 
focused on further strengthening our business model through key initiatives aimed at improving 
both productivity as well as profitability. Record production volumes were achieved in several 
products through process optimization initiatives, debottlenecking efforts and capacity 
augmentation, all of which has served to enhance operational efficiency. Cost optimization has 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
been achieved by process recalibration. Simultaneously, we expanded our product portfolio and 
secured long-term contracts, positioning ourselves for consistent and sustainable growth. As we 
look ahead to FY26 with several projects commissioning on the horizon, we are confident in our 
ability to deliver an improved growth and profitability scenario. We have also started gaining 
benefits from renewable hybrid power arrangements, which will encompass almost 60% of our 
total consumption by the end of next year. 
 
For fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, Deepak Nitrite reported a total income of INR 8,366 
crore, growing 8% over the previous year. This growth has been achieved in the face of 
significant headwinds, and our teams have expended considerable effort to debottleneck 
facilities, augment capacity and develop new products and variants as well as seeking out 
additional customers and non-coal markets in order to achieve the growth. 
 
As you are all aware, product pricing remained subdued for most of the fiscal year. In this 
context, we have delivered a consolidated EBITDA of INR 1,176 crore, almost at last year's 
level, despite this challenging environment. Here too, I would like to commend our team for 
undertaking these optimization measures, process recalibration and delivering increased 
production volumes of key products. 
 
We reported a profit before tax of INR 953 crore for the year and profit after tax of INR 697 
crore. While top line growth was driven by volume, which helped offset the impact of lower 
realization, profitability was affected by several factors. These included elevated input costs, 
overall slowdown in certain segments like the agrochemical industry and some customer-
specific challenges. We are confident that we will be able to transition towards a normalized 
level of profitability during the financial year. 
 
Following a subdued Q3, we indicated an expected improvement in Q4. Our Q4 performance 
highlights, on a consolidated basis, our total income stood at INR 2,202 crore, marking a 14% 
sequential increase and a 3% rise on a year-on-year basis. 
 
EBITDA increased to INR 339 crore, a 79% increase on a sequential basis and a 6% increase on 
a year-on-year basis. PBT more than doubled on a sequential quarter basis to INR 279 crore, an 
increase of 106%. PAT of INR 202 crore is also a 106% increase on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
In Q4, we achieved record production and sales levels across several key products. This was 
driven by capacity augmentation, debottlenecking of select facilities and process optimization 
initiatives. This contributed to strong volume growth. For the quarter, domestic sales accounted 
for 82% of revenue and export contributed 18%. 
 
While now for the segmental performance, Advanced Intermediates in the quarter recorded 
revenues of INR 654 crore, reflecting a 19% sequential increase. For the full year, the segment 
reported a revenue of INR 2,527 crore, representing a 7% year-on-year decline. 
 
The quarter-on-quarter recovery was driven by strong performance across multiple product 
segments, which effectively met evolving customer requirements while demand for dyes and 
pigments has improved from Q3 end, pricing pressure persisted. We are actively addressing 
these challenges through targeted initiatives aimed at improving competitiveness and margins. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
As previously indicated, agrochemical demand continued to be subdued, a trend that we expect 
to persist for the next couple of quarters. Nevertheless, we remain focused on prioritizing the 
production of high-demand products and strategically expanding into non-core markets that 
demonstrate consistent or growing demand. Our strategic road map also includes a downstream 
move in certain applications with marginal investments along with industry-leading ESG targets. 
 
Looking ahead, we are expanding our portfolio with new product offerings and variant supported 
by new customer acquisition, which we believe will drive a revival and growth for the segment. 
The new products will also serve customers in the Pharma and Personal Care segment as well 
as high impact industrial solvents and energy applications. 
 
Phenolics, in Q4 FY25, the Phenolics segment reported revenues of INR 1,532 crore, reflecting 
a 12% quarter-on-quarter and 5% year-on-year growth. For the full year, revenues increased by 
16%, reaching INR 5,805 crore. This growth was underpinned by debottlenecking, capacity 
augmentation initiatives, which enabled us to set new benchmarks in the production and sale of 
key products. While the market absorbed the increased production volumes, a temporary rise in 
imports, which started in Q3 impacted product pricing while we had taken an annual shutdown. 
Looking ahead, we anticipate an improvement in market conditions, coupled with softening 
input costs and supported by enhanced operational efficiency. 
 
As far as project updates and the future outlook is concerned, while some of our projects 
experienced delays, these spillovers from FY25 has created a robust and exciting project pipeline 
for FY26. 
 
By the second quarter, we anticipate the commissioning of our state-of-the-art R&D center in 
Savli, Vadodara. This involves over INR 100 crore of capex. This facility will give a better 
structure and impetus to our R&D program while significantly enhancing our innovation 
capabilities. We have already commissioned a facility, which is focused on compounding, which 
will go into applications, which are multiple in nature from electric switches and EVs, all the 
way to medical devices. And this compounding facility will dovetail very nicely once we have 
our polycarbonate resin manufacturing setup. The nitric acid unit will be commissioned towards 
the end of Q1, early Q2. And this is a critical upstream integration, which will help improve 
reliability, reduce costs, significantly improve sustainability scores and allow us to capture a 
greater share of the value chain. Expansion projects across key chemistries, including nitration 
and hydrogenation are set to be commissioned too, building on successful commissioning of the 
fluorination block in Q4 FY24 and a recently commissioned fluorination block. 
 
By the second half of FY26, we expect to commission the MIBK and MIBC project, which are 
downstream derivatives of acetone. This will help enhance our integration and support value-
added growth. We are also executing a major transformation in our energy consumption mix 
with the goal of transitioning 60% to 70% of energy consumption to renewable sources in 
Gujarat and Maharashtra. This shift is projected to result in a 60% reduction in carbon emissions 
aligning with our broader sustainability goal. 
 
To address challenges relating to intermittency, liability and infrastructure integration, we are 
targeting an optimal blend of renewable energy source. This helps bring in sustainability and 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
operations apart from yielding significant reduction in total cost. As a legacy, the company has 
been rewarding shareholders by way of handsome dividend, so has it this year. Mr. Upadhyay 
will take you through the details of the dividend process by the Board of Directors. 
 
As far as strategic outlook is concerned, this is probably the first time and maybe the last time I 
hope that we are not going to give a sharp guidance about this quarter and the next quarter, owing 
to geopolitical uncertainties, but we continue to remain confident about an optimistic growth in 
our full year projections. Now what started out as an investment thesis and an aspiration has now 
become a well-accepted industry by word, Make in India, Make for the World, as most 
companies embrace the concept of nearshoring. 
 
Deepak is entering a transformative phase marked by the commissioning of fully-integrated 
facilities that will significantly enhance operational resilience and profitability. In an 
increasingly volatile global environment, our strategy of backward and forward integration 
ensures that we can better serve end consumers while enabling our commodity and specialty 
businesses to support each other. This year represents a renewed commitment to building a new 
Deepak with project execution gaining momentum, technology is being finalized and promising 
partnerships emerging in the field of material sciences. 
 
Our growth road map includes the development of upstream products like nitric acid as well as 
downstream derivatives like MIBK/ MIBC, which are set to become operational in the coming 
quarters. A major highlight is that the Deepak Chem Tech Board approved an investment of INR 
3,500 crore for new capacities in phenol, acetone and IPA, which will be integrated into the 
production of polycarbonate resins. 
 
Combined with the earlier INR 5,000 crore approval, the total investment in the PC resins 
project, starting from phenol and acetone, now stands at approximately INR 8,500 crore. Once 
commissioned, Deepak will become one of the world's largest single-location producers of 
phenol and acetone with over half of this capacity set to be converted into higher-value 
derivatives like bisphenol and polycarbonate resins. 
 
In conclusion, FY25 and particularly a strong recovery in Q4, exemplifies Deepak's operational 
resilience and the strength of its strategic initiatives. Despite ongoing global volatility and 
pricing pressures, we achieved volume growth, strengthened our market footprint and advanced 
critical integration projects. 
 
Thank you for your continued support and trust. We look forward on building on this strong 
foundation in the coming years.  
I'd now like to hand over the call to Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Thank you, Maulik. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on Deepak 
Nitrite's earnings call. I will now take you through the key highlights of the financial results for 
the fourth quarter and full year ended March 2025.  
In FY25, we recorded a consolidated revenue of INR 8,366 crore, reflecting an 8% growth over 
INR 7,758 crore in FY24. EBITDA stood at INR 1,176 crore, marginally lower than INR 1,199 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
crore in previous year with EBITDA margin at 14%. PBT was INR 953 crore and PAT came at 
INR 697 crore. 
 
You all are aware that we have a strong history of proposing and distributing dividends. In order 
to carry that vision forward from our management this year as well, the Board has maintained a 
dividend of INR 7.5 per share, being 375%, per equity share. We hope this offers an opportunity 
to be rejoiced by the shareholders who have placed immense trust in us. We are thankful to the 
shareholders and believe their unwavering trust in us and shall take us to greater heights. 
 
After relatively muted Q3, we closed the year well, delivering 14% quarter-on-quarter revenue 
growth led by recovery in Advance Intermediates segment, as Maulik highlighted, we witnessed 
encouraging demand revival across several key products in the portfolio. In the Phenolics 
segment, we achieved higher volumes across all product lines. However, the pricing 
environment continued to remain soft due to increased imports as well as the higher raw material 
prices. In Q4, consolidated EBITDA rose sharply by 79% quarter-on-quarter to INR 339 crore 
supported partially by the Government incentives. So, these Government incentives are a part of 
the business and there will be some questions on that. It's a part of our regular income because 
incentives are there for 10 years, of course, this figure is high because of the accumulated INR 
161 crore. But normally, we get around INR 60 crore to INR 70 crore every year. We are booking 
on a cash basis, actually, on accrual basis, we get around INR 60 crore to INR 70 crore every 
year. So I hope I've answered that query from the investors. 
 
Q4 has been a challenging quarter with persistent weakness in pricing. Nevertheless, we believe 
our initiative towards capacity augmentation, debottlenecking and cost optimization are aimed 
in the right direction. While the outcome of these initiatives have been lessened in Q4, we are 
confident that as we move forward, strategic actions we have undertaken will further strengthen 
our recovery trajectory and drive improved profitability in the upcoming year. 
 
On the operating front, domestic business earnings stood at INR 1,796 crore in Q4 and INR 
6,849 crore for the FY25. Export came at INR 384 crore in Q4 and INR 1,432 crore for the full 
year. The domestic to export mix of FY25 stood at 83:17, on a consolidated basis. 
 
Moving to the segmental performance in the Advanced Intermediates segment, revenue 
increased by 19% quarter-on-quarter to INR 654 crore in Q4 FY25 from INR 552 crore in Q3. 
With EBIT at INR 45 crore and margin at 7%. For the full year, revenue stood at INR 2,527 
crore with EBIT of INR 176 crore reflecting 7% margin. 
 
Deepak Phenolics posted a stable performance with Q4 FY25 revenue rising 12% sequentially 
to INR 1,532 crore from INR 1,366 crore. EBIT came in at INR 239 crore with a margin of 16%. 
For FY25, we only grew at 16% to INR 5,805 crore and EBIT stood at INR 783 crore, translating 
to a margin of 13%. 
 
On the balance sheet front, the Company continues to demonstrate financial strength with 
consolidated net worth of INR 5,425 crore and standalone net worth of INR 3,126 crore. We 
enjoy a well-fortified position to undertake a plant upstream and downstream expansion, which 
has been covered by Maulik in his remarks. We are making notable progress with our growth 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
initiatives, led by a strong R&D foundation, we are developing different products to enhance 
our specialty chemicals portfolio. 
 
This new capacity to improve self-reliance in critical raw materials and support margin 
expansion as they become fully operational. Our new R&D center near Vadodara with an 
investment of a little more than INR 100 crore is set to be commissioned shortly. And this will 
reinforce our innovation-led growth strategy. 
 
In conclusion, while the past year presented external challenges and will continue to face 
external challenges in current year also, our outlook remains strong and positive with a solid 
pipeline of projects set to be commissioned during the year. Though the number not be 
annualized number because most of the projects are getting commissioned in phased manner, 
say, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4. But we are looking at a very bright next year with these whole projects 
getting commissioned next year. Deepak Group is well positioned to deliver sustainable growth 
and long-term value for all stakeholders. 
 
With that, I would now request moderator to open the forum for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
First, I want a clarification. Maulik bhai, you said in your opening remarks that we are looking 
at a few downstream products in agrochemicals, moving up in the value chain. Second, you 
spoke about the new product, which will have application in agro and pharma and probably 
another for industrial solvent and energy. Can you give us a little bit more color on this product 
and what is the capex we are looking at, expansion of these products? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Okay. So first of all, thank you for the question. These products will not really have any 
meaningful capex maybe other than some balancing equipment or something. And most of these 
will be utilizing assets that we already have in campaigns. So while we have a baseload and a 
foundation of some intermediates that we make, we have partnered with certain downstream 
customers where we would run these products as a value-add in certain campaigns. I think every 
month, there will be a campaign. It will swing between the baseload of products and the higher 
value-accretive products. Now when we go downstream in Agrochemical Intermediates, here 
also, the focus is to do it in a very strategic manner because traditionally, we have always focused 
on making intermediates not really technical. So when we're doing that, we're doing that along 
with strategic partners. And as far as what I mentioned about the Personal Care, this again it is 
going to be an asset valorisation; but it is also going to fundamentally add a brand-new chemistry 
to our product portfolio. Just for the record, this chemistry is one that's called Friedel-Craft. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
What chemistry is it? 
Maulik Mehta: 
It's called Friedel-Craft, these are German names. I think that's 2 scientists who created this 
chemistry many, many years ago, but it has a broad range of applications. And over a period of 
time, it will actually also feed into the polycarbonate resin as a major application. But right now, 
the priority focus will be into personal care and pharma. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Very clear. That means because we were running very efficiently our plant, this means we will 
have more value from the same plant rather than more volume. Is that a fair statement? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So while that answer is yes, I mean, we have a mixture of high-efficiency, continuous operations 
plants, for example, the phenol plant, the sodium nitrite or the nitrotoluene plant, but we also 
have a very broad range of batch plants, which are very well instrumented and able to have a 
very large number of chemistries that we're able to use in those assets. So these are assets, which 
will be used to make these higher value, relatively smaller volume products. And some of them 
will include assets such as our fluorination block. Some of them will include assets, which we 
would otherwise have used for some other chemistries. So the high-efficiency single product 
plants will continue to run in that manner in order to gain the base load of efficiency. And the 
other assets, which are batch, will be used to generate higher value, smaller volume, margin-
accretive product. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Very clear. Now shifting gear to the standalone business this quarter, I think we had a good run 
on Agrochemicals sequentially. But if I look at incremental gross profit and incremental revenue, 
that's only 37%. That says that we are still facing some margin pressure in the underlying core 
product even in the Q4. When we see the margins have stabilized, are they stabilizing at a Q4 
level or at the Q3 level? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, neither. Even Q4 is softer than it should be. But I'm not going to give any opinion about 
what Q1 and Q2 will be because, I mean, literally, on a daily basis, there are news that come out 
that completely shatter your perception of what would be a normalized situation. So I would 
rather say that we're confident about coming back to a normalized number, which is higher than 
the Q3, obviously, higher than the Q4. But I would say that this will be achieved on the annual 
number rather than on a base of Q3 or Q4. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
That's very helpful. But can you throw some light on what's really happening? It's a demand side 
issue in China or it's oversupply situation in China? What really is driving a sudden spurt in 
competition in our product, which till now has been doing quite well even in the worst of the 
situation in FY24? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So generally, what has happened over the last several years is that there has been a significant 
overcapacity that has been built in China. Along with that, a lot of the Agrochemical 
Intermediates that Deepak manufactures has a very large application base across the world, but 
has been largely dependent on only a small handful of customers. Now as these molecules go 
through a process where there is a patent expiry, the number of customers increases. And for a 
short period of time, so does the number of potential competitors. So Deepak has been focusing 
on ensuring that it is building cost leadership as well as ESG leadership. Now there is always 
going to be a period of time in the middle when you're essentially competing with someone's 
finished goods inventory. It's easy for Deepak to compete with anybody at a global level when 
you're talking about manufactured products. But when you're competing with somebody's 
closing stock, which is depleting at a pretty rapid clip, but you still have the tail end of it there 
in the market, that competition becomes unable. To be honest, we are actually quite well aligned 
with a lot of other players who say that the down cycle of agrochemicals is petering over to the 
end. You have certain players who are forward integrated into the formulation, who are able to 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
tell you that the future is much brighter because they're there with it. We follow suit maybe with 
a lag of 1 quarter or 2 quarters. But we are well aligned that moving forward, the situation is not 
as grim as it was in FY24, FY25 with regards to volume recovery as well as over a period of 
time, price recovery. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Wealth. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
I have 2 questions. So, first is on the commissioning of our nitric acid plant. So when we see the 
other players in the industry having the capacities of nitric acid, they are integrated in terms of 
their upstream ammonia, whereas probably we have to purchase ammonia from outside to 
support our nitric acid production. So just wanted to have your thoughts here that because we 
need to purchase it from the outside market, how we would be competitive vis-a-vis those 
players having their captive ammonia? And also, if you can talk about in terms of the opex 
difference between us and them over a period of time? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Okay. Nirav, thanks for your question. Just to clarify, look, Deepak Nitrite has been in the 
business of consuming ammonia now for 54 years. We started off with sodium nitrite, which is 
a consumer of ammonia. So our ammonia purchasing pipeline, both from domestic as well as 
international sources is relatively robust, and it can be made more robust with some marginal 
investments here and there. So look, we don't compete with manufacturers of nitric acid. Our 
asset is in place for us to consume internally. So our products that we make, while nitric acid 
will be made, our products will be downstreams of nitric acid. And those are much higher value 
in a sense of multiple end applications, domestic and international demand. In fact, in a couple 
of places, we have tied up a large portion of our production for multiple years with formula-
linked pricing, which includes movement of feedstock, for example, ammonia. So moving 
forward, I don't see us trying to benchmark against nitric acid producers who have their own 
ammonia. I look at benchmarking us against nitric acid consumers who purchase their own nitric 
acid, whereas we will continue to purchase and expand our purchasing policy for ammonia. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
So, Nirav, to elaborate, this is a make or buy decision. It has nothing to do with the market. And 
then secondly, the certainty of supply and through pipeline. These are the major components one 
has to look at. We are not competing with anybody. We know they will be far superior than us. 
But assured supply, timeline supply, cost as compared to market will be much lower. Paybacks 
are better, quite good, in fact. So this is what calls for a make or buy decision, not as compared 
to how they are doing and what we are doing. How efficiently we are doing is more important. 
So I hope we have answered your question. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So just one thing here. Last quarter, you mentioned that probably we would have our own storage 
tanks also for ammonia. So how that is progressing and when that could be commissioned? 
Because now our nitric acid facilities are getting commissioned in Q2. So if you can share 
something on that storage tanks, that would be helpful. 
Maulik Mehta: 
So what we've done is we have already made investments and commissioned investments about 
storage of nitric acid as well as unloading of nitric acid to have a much higher rate of 
consumption on a steady basis. We have also invested into expanding our storage to allow us a 
greater degree of flexibility and then take that ammonia via pipeline into our consumption sites. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
I won't say that, that is a significant investment, but that should also be operationalized during 
the year. To ensure that we have a strategically derisked ammonia sourcing strategy. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Second question is in terms of the input prices, like some of our major raw materials like 
toluene, octanol have seen a price corrections from March onwards. So just wanted to have your 
thoughts here, like have the product prices being adjusted commensurate with the fall in these 
raw material prices? Or we would have some extra delta left with us to work with? Given the 
kind of commentary what we have seen in your investor presentation, like you have mentioned 
that we are seeing a kind of demand revival in dyes and pigment segment. So if you can relate 
all this with reference to these raw materials as well as your outlook for DASDA, OBA for 
FY26? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Sure. So look, Nirav, as you mentioned, there is a price softening of key petrochemicals like 
benzene and toluene and such. Now because we are intermediates manufacturers, we are also 
present in multiple parts of the value chain. For example, my OBA prices do not move in line 
with toluene prices, right. So in some parts of the business, when we have a contractual 
agreement with customer for an intermediate, we have a formula with a pass-through clause, 
which may have, in some cases, 1 month. In another case, it is a quarter where there is an 
adjustment to the price of the product based on quarterly average movements. In other places, it 
is linked to the market price. So when I'm selling optical brighteners, nobody really asks me 
about the price of toluene and how its downward revision would improve my OBA prices. So 
there, it is about being able to secure long-term customer contracts. And as you've mentioned, 
OBA, we have debottlenecked our optical brightener manufacturing capacity. We've also 
launched a few new SKUs, including into certain segments where we were originally expecting 
an extinction threat in that segment. So now our optical brighteners are able to service those 
applications as well. And we're working very tightly with our key accounts, our customers to 
increase our wallet share. But we do debottleneck in anticipation and then over the next year, 
work to see how we can increase our wallet share with them. So this is an ongoing activity. Even 
this year, we will be able to debottleneck the asset with marginal investment. And our goal is to 
ensure that we are increasing our wallet share because we have upstream integration and because 
we have a strong value chain thesis that we are able to give to customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Ankur Periwal: 
First question on the AI part. Your commentary suggests volume-led uptick across some of the 
segments wherein we are seeing some green shoots. My question is more on our thoughts and 
strategy given that the pricing-led scenario is the way it is, probably it will take some time for it 
to recover. So is there any enhancement in product specifications that we are doing to address 
the margin pressure? Or there could be a reset in terms of AI margins over the medium term as 
we scale up this business? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So in the AI business, the part which goes into dyes, pigments and their associated industries, I 
think, I had mentioned also in February that from the closing end of Q3 onwards, there has been 
an improvement. And that improvement was volume-led and eventually, it would turn into 
pricing improvement as well as margin improvement. So I think the volume improvement has 
persisted. Now we're starting to see some level of margin improvement. Again, all of this is 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
significantly influenced by geopolitics. So I'm cautiously optimistic, but we are seeing along the 
lines of what we had mentioned in February. Now when it comes to other segments such as 
Agrochemicals, for us, in a certain group of products, which go into Agrochemicals, we are 
seeing  margin as well as volume improvement, but not in others. The other ones will come 
maybe towards the end of Q1 or Q2. I'm not sure. And hence, I am not going to give any 
clarification with regards to the other chemical, which goes into Agrochemicals. What we have 
done in the meanwhile is, we have seen how to ensure that we are optimizing on the cost front, 
how we are ensuring that we are able to even go downstream in partnership with certain 
customers as well as ensure that there is a level of asset fungibility, where we are able to use the 
same asset to drive production for intermediates, which will go into other applications such as 
pharma and personal care. Revival is fully realized, we will have more options than we did 1 or 
2 years ago because we will have more products commissioned across a broader range as well 
as we will have gone downstream to be able to have a greater security about the future of these 
assets. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. And just a follow-up on that. Within AI, is there any specific segment wherein the pricing 
or the competitive pressure is significantly higher, maybe Fine & Specialty or Basic Chemicals 
or even DASDA? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So pricing pressure, of course, is significant on products such as DASDA and there is a pricing 
pressure on a couple of Agrochemicals. In another couple of Agrochemicals, the situation has 
been on an improving track. I wouldn't say that it is where I would like it to be or where it has 
been in the last few years, but it is on an improving track. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. Great. And just a second question on our medium-term expansion into phenol acetone 
downstream. So there was a tech tie-up, which I think was pending on the BPA side. So what's 
the status there? And from a tech perspective, are we more or less done across the product range 
that we are looking at? Or there is still more to go? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Oh, bisphenol? BPA? 
Ankur Periwal: 
Yes, bisphenol. Yes. 
Maulik Mehta: 
I think we're at the final leg of concluding all that. The other licenses have already been tied up. 
Polycarbonates, as we've mentioned earlier, we are in a unique position where the equipment, 
the license, the final product trademark as well as our anchor customer all happen to be the same 
name, which gives us a great degree of confidence, not only in servicing the Indian requirement 
because of our compounding facility that we've already put up. But we've already started 
servicing the domestic market as well as the anchor customer, which will be located in Europe 
and will continue to consume product that comes out of this plant. So I think we are well placed 
with India's growing demand as well as our anchor customers' expected demand. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Abhijit Akella: 
So just a clarification on the Government incentives. So number one, this was for 10 years, so 
how many more years does it continue for? And if I heard you correctly, you mentioned that 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
there was some accumulation of the incentives this year. So for what period exactly has this INR 
161 crore number have been received? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Abhijit, I mentioned that on accrual basis, INR 60 crore to INR 70 crore is the accrual every 
year. This is till December 2028. Okay. But then you make further investment, you further 
qualify for these incentives. So when we are considering the larger projects, we fall into a mega 
project scheme where the schemes are again better. And for such incentives and these things will 
continue there also. But on current results, what Government does is that they release 80% and 
20% is withhold until they do the final verification and certifies that. So that was completed last 
year. So we got current year as well as the accumulation of past year of 20%. But henceforth, it 
will be INR 60 crore to INR 70 crore on an accrual basis, for the existing investment. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Right. Just to clarify, so is it fair to assume that out of this INR 160 crore, maybe INR 60 crore 
or INR 70 crore would have pertained to FY25 and the rest would have pertained to the previous 
years? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Yes, this is fair. 
Maulik Mehta: 
While we make this happen, obviously, they will have their own period of time. So that will be 
accrued separately because they will be separate investments. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, sure. And I guess the commissioning for that would be basically from fiscal 2028 onwards 
or thereabouts, right? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Yes. 
Maulik Mehta: 
Correct. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Correct. Okay. Got it. The other question I had was just on the normalized margin outlook. While 
I understand that for the next couple of quarters, it's very difficult to hazard a guess. But when 
you're alluding to a more normalized level from a full year basis, is there some rough range you 
could point us to for the 2 segments regarding where margins could end up normalizing in each 
of them? 
Maulik Mehta: 
I think it is probably not the right time to be able to answer that. We believe that the normalized 
margins should be higher than what they are right now. Whether that happens in 1 quarter or 2 
quarters or 3 quarters, I don't know. But we're confident about an annualized margin, which is 
higher. So perhaps we see how the situation plays itself out, there will be pockets of opportunity 
even in the short term, it might look disproportionately higher than it should be. But I just 
hastened to say that it doesn't mean that Q1 and Q2 will be low and Q3 and Q4 will be high. So 
we are positioned in a place where we are able to take opportunities and those opportunities may 
be short or medium term in nature. They may be long term in nature. So we will remain agile, 
and we will always ensure that we are giving a high degree of transparency to investors. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Just a couple of clarifications on phenol. I know last quarter was a difficult one because you had 
mentioned the perfect storm. Given that you've been able to run the plants a lot better in this 
quarter, just wanted to get a sense if we've been able to recoup the market share that we lost last 
quarter to imports and possibly increased it because we obviously expanded our capacities. And 
as an extension, I think you had mentioned that you will see some relief from the import 
pressures after March. Just wanted to get back to see if that has been happening as you were 
guiding in the previous quarter? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Yes, yes. You are right in this, Vivek. Of course, we are not losing any market share, it remains 
intact; in fact, it's growing. We go on debottlenecking capacities and the market absorbs 
whatever we are selling. We don't see any pressure on market share as such. Q4 did face some 
pressure from raw material pricing, but Q1 — though Maulik has told me not to hazard a guess, 
but I’ll still hazard a guess — Q1 is much better for phenol compared to Q4, as raw material 
prices are returning, cracks are going back to earlier levels. So I can say, things are in place. We 
are able to sell in the market, whatever volumes we are supplying to the market and cracks are 
also getting improved cracks. So see, whenever we talk about something, we'll have to see the 
Deepak Nitrite product portfolio. Frankly, we are into domestic 83%. Domestic market is 
growing. Domestic market is stable and though there will be some pressure here and there in 
one of the quarters, but overall, domestic markets are doing reasonably well.  
Exports, we are facing pressure, maybe somewhere because of the export dynamics, what we 
are facing outside geopolitical situation in this. So phenol, so far domestically, we don't see much 
of a pressure on that, which is a larger section of our business. When we talk about AI and all 
these things, there also, if you see it's not that there is a pressure on product volumes or anything. 
It's only because of some concerns on this, but that is also now more or less getting in a stable 
situation now, it will further improve from here. I mean whatever we have seen up till now, I 
think we have seen the bottom, that’s all I can say. Future looks very bright, not that and with 
all the commissioning in a phased manner, we are very confident we'll go on because it's already 
done. I mean nitric acid has already started, the CNA part of it. So, with all these factors, we 
expect a very good year ahead, and various steps have been taken to support this.  
This R&D and small, small things, which Maulik was highlighting, we must realize how are we 
differentiating our product, how the efficiencies are getting improved, like nitric acid equation, 
the supply starts from pipeline. And many things are done internally because see, the external 
environment remains external, but we are doing so many things here. So I see a good year and 
next year we will be further better because of steps what we are taking. I'm not talking about the 
global uncertainty, what is happening. But by and large, things are in control from our side. We 
don't see much of an issue in running our plant operations and the commissioning of the plant. 
So I'm very optimistic about this, though cautiously optimistic, that's the right word Maulik has 
used. But yes, I mean, this year should be better than last year because we have seen the bottom, 
which I feel. 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, I totally agree. One thing that we have learned from last year is that maybe we need to have 
a much sharper messaging about when we do our regular shutdowns for cleaning and 
maintenance because when we announced it, we announced also the period of time that we will 
have a shutdown as well as the fact that we would have inventory. But I think a lot of traders 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
because of the country's large dependence on Deepak, which has served them well, they 
anticipated for whatever reason that we may extend our shutdown or they wanted to derisk 
themselves. So we had much more of an import coming in, in the end of October, early 
November to compensate for a perceived extended shutdown, which never actually took place. 
We were, in fact, able to start back up at a shorter notice along with larger asset available capacity 
debottlenecking also. So our increased capacity came head-to-head with an increase in imports. 
I think maybe we can learn from this, improve our communication strategy that we put out to 
ensure that this kind of situation gets avoided because at the end of the day, our customers just 
want to feel secure about the availability given the face of uncertainty in geopolitics. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Arun Prasath: 
So first, Maulik, just coming back to the technology part on our phenol polycarbonate integrated 
project. You said bisphenol is in the final stages, but have we finalized for the new phenol 
acetone complex? Or is the technology licenses finalized or we are just continuing with the 
existing one that we have? 
Maulik Mehta: 
I won't answer that question. I'll just say that it has been finalized. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. All right. And also, you said that from the polycarbonate project, the anchor customers' 
expected demand is very healthy. So, can you indicate what percentage of our overall 
polycarbonate capacity this anchor customers expected demand would represent? 
Maulik Mehta: 
I know I'm saying this a second time to the same gentlemen. I won't answer that question as well. 
Frankly, that is part of the discussion that we are having. And if I answer that question, I'm 
giving away any leverage. So we are in conversations and what we are telling strategic partners 
is that once we have commissioned their interest in working with us is well noted, and we are 
happy to be their partner of choice because we're able to service them with technologically 
trademark products. If they can help us debottleneck fast and further expand capacity quickly, 
then we will be able to service them faster. So leave us with that little bit of leverage for 
negotiation. But rest assured that our first priority is to ensure that our anchor customers as well 
as the domestic market are both well served. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. All right. So that's fine. On the compounding facility you spoke about, when do we get to 
see some kind of revenue traction from this facility? Is it this year, next year? What stage are we 
in, I know you mentioned that you have sent feelers to the customers, but are we in a stage where 
we can confidently go and sell and book revenue in this? And what is our aspiration in the next 
2, 3 quarters or in the medium term? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No. So just think of this as an R&D center. Now it is able to make in terms of the total throughput, 
much larger than what you would expect very often in an R&D center, sometimes even larger 
than a standalone plant. But it is still to be considered as an R&D center. We have generated 
revenues already in the last year, we will extend that this year. But these are all to be considered 
as in a chemical, what you would look at it as a PO for a piloted product. So when you're talking 
to customers and you're scaling up your production in order to give them confidence that these 
are plant representative samples, right? And that's what they pay for. When you send them a lab 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
sample, they don't pay for that. But when you send them a pilot sample, a larger volume, multiple 
SKUs that they do pay for. But still, I would consider them as R&D projects to build customer 
confidence.  
 
Moving forward, as we're able to have them do their extended testing in multiple environments, 
temperature, conductivity, those other things, then they will expand into full-fledged business 
SKUs. So we've already started seeing value. We've already started engaging with customer’s 
long-term contracts, but these are still pilot products. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
The response what we have got from our customers is very encouraging. Product is getting 
acceptance. Frankly, this is field marketing, what we are doing to ensure that when we come up 
with phenol plant, and we are ready with this facility also on a larger scale, so again, I mean, 
back-to-back, we have integrated facility of compounding also. And the idea is that next phenol 
plant will be consumed captively rather main product in the market. 
Maulik Mehta: 
And this is a change for our strategy because the traditional thing that Deepak would do would 
just be to manufacture the resin and sell the resin. Now while we will do that, we will also ensure 
that we are selling compounds, which are made using that resin and other smaller raw materials, 
which have significantly higher price as well as margin, but have a significant approval cycle. 
So we are starting that approval cycle earlier before the PC plant comes up so that we can then 
reduce the amount of resin that we sell in the market and increase the amount of compound that 
we sell. 
Arun Prasath: 
Typically, what is the approval cycle in months? Is it 24 months, 36 months? 
Maulik Mehta: 
For some products, it can go from 6 months to other products in things like medical devices and 
all that, it can go to even 36 months. They're obviously much, much higher value. And because 
of that, there is a very strict regulation and control. So I mean, we've been working with potential 
customers in multiple segments including EVs, including switches, including furniture as well 
as medical devices. 
Arun Prasath: 
So what I understand is some of these approvals needs to also come from the customer's 
customer. Is it the right way to think? Because 36 months is too long. 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, it is not as long, see, we look at it from a different perspective. 36 months for something, 
which is going to be around helping people in difficult situations where things cannot be repaired 
easily. And these will last with the customer, the consumer for decades. 36 months is a fair thing 
and the Government India as well as states, they've been very supportive. I would not put too 
much worry into the fact that something takes 36 months. It takes it because it will be there as a 
consistent business for decades to be. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kumar Saumya from Ambit Capital. 
Kumar Saumya: 
Just a couple of questions. On the compounding facility, is it the same capacity that we had 
indicated earlier? Or has there been any changes there? 
Maulik Mehta: 
It will be that capacity in a phased manner. Right now, it is smaller, but not significantly smaller. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Kumar Saumya: 
Okay. And, any indication on what is the revenue that we have booked this fiscal from the 
compounding facility? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, I won't answer that question right now because it depends on what products get accepted, 
when the same customer expects maybe different SKUs for separate registration or approvals, 
those things. So we are working together with multiple customers and multiple segments. So 
yes, it's too early. 
Kumar Saumya: 
Sanjay, sir, if you could just give us an indication what is the cash capex for this fiscal? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
This fiscal, it won't be that high because we are almost at the verge of completion of all our 
earlier capexes. This should be in the range of INR 1,200 crore to INR 1,500 crore out of 
whatever we have announced, that INR 8,500 crore plus the residual of the earlier. So out of 
around say INR 9,000 crore, INR 9,500 crore, our cash capex for this year should be around INR 
1,500 crore. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Loharuka from CD Equisearch. 
Aditi Loharuka: 
I would like to know that how much is not so modest capex justified in the light of uncertainties 
in global trade in general and chemical industry, in particular? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Capex justification, are you asking? 
Aditi Loharuka: 
Yes, sir. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
What I mentioned just now? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, in general, I think. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
I don't know if you're asking about the capex approvals what we have got from the Board about 
INR 8,500 capex, these are all well thought of strategy and well-integrated business strategies. 
Going backward, going forward, like compounding, like nitric acid, like polycarbonate. So, I 
mean, market remains what it is. But how resilient business you are creating is very relevant in 
this situation. If you have to answer the question on this, we can answer it confidently, we have 
that backward integration, forward integration and all kind of efficiencies in place. So capex 
justification, in any case, this capex is going to take time. It's by December 2027, we'll be ready. 
I don't see much of a problem in taking these capex decisions, whatever we have taken. I can 
understand if we are entering into some other, but these are all very well-known sort of strategies 
what we are following. 
Maulik Mehta: 
I'll just add one point to that, and I say this with unequivocally, I think that Deepak Nitrite has 
the best investment thesis in the chemical industry in India. Across the segments, across the 
company sizes, the investment thesis that Deepak has is attracting interest across the globe. So 
there's no question about the fact that we have made the right decisions. Now sometimes you do 
have project delays, and those are regrettable. And we have to work hard to see how we can 
always keep on improving on those fronts. But if you're asking about why we are investing, what 
we are investing in, I think that you will have a remarkable resilience moving forward and we 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
are exactly where we need to be in order to take the best advantage of the geopolitical global 
situation. Yes, we have a large neighbor in China, but that does not change the fact that India 
has significant headroom to grow and Deepak has made the right choices for investment. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
At the right time also. 
Maulik Mehta: 
Yes. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
That's very important—at what point in time you make decisions matters. Delayed decisions do 
not help. If you have a strategy, it's crucial to make timely decisions, and we have done so, 
following the right execution philosophy. 
Aditi Loharuka: 
Okay. So, what is your strategy to handle trade uncertainties in near term? 
Maulik Mehta: 
That's a whole separate question, and it cannot be answered over an investor con-call. Our 
strategy involves working with our internal operations. It works with external customers, and it 
works to see how to make certain assets fungible to be able to apply to multiple applications. 
Beyond this point, trade uncertainty is a fact of life, which we should be poised to take advantage 
of as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Kushwaha, an individual investor. 
Sanjay Kushwaha: 
My question is, the polycarbonate and BPA products comes from petrochemicals and may face 
more regulation in future. As the world moves toward greener and safer materials, how are you 
planning to manage this transition? 
Maulik Mehta: 
To be honest, the world is moving towards greener solutions and that is a wonderful thing that 
companies around the world are doing. But the interesting thing is that the product that will come 
out of these systems will be required to house these cleaner and greener processes. When you 
have an electric vehicle, the polycarbonate that is used to manufacture the electric vehicle and 
to house the battery of the electric vehicle is also as required as the source of the fuel. So let me 
just give you this kind of assurance that moving forward, products such as polycarbonates will 
have different end users, but will be just as much of interest to the downstream customers who 
are also engaging in improving their sustainability. So it will be a slightly different SKU, but the 
core product will remain the same and in part a different physical property based on the 
requirement. So we may not manufacture more internal combustion cars and the polycarbonate 
resin that would be used for that compound will be the same polycarbonate resin, which is used 
for a compound, which makes an EV. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Huseain Bharuchwala from Carnelian Capital. 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
Just one point. So after the debottlenecking, what is our capacity, you would say, on the phenol 
plant? 
Maulik Mehta: 
I think we should have stopped much earlier answering questions about capacity because one 
thing that has happened is because of that, then you have licensers saying, "Oh, you know what, 
now if you're running it at that capacity, please pay us license fees for that." So yes, we are 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
consistently ensuring that we have the asset debottlenecked. Our focus is to ensure that we 
maintain and grow the domestic market share. So with the current capacity, we will continue to 
find ways to optimize further. And which we've also signed up for greenfield plant because we 
are seeing that we will soon, not right now, but soon maybe over the next 6, 8 months, reach the 
kind of ceiling that we can expect from this asset. So we need to work quickly to see that we 
have corresponding greenfield asset, which will service the polycarbonate assets as well as the 
market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Meet Vora from Emkay Global. 
Meet Vora: 
I have just 2 bookkeeping questions. First one is that what would be the accounting treatment 
for this Government incentive income? Will we be doing this consistently on a cash basis or on 
an accrual basis, as this INR 60 crore, INR 70 crore of income is more or less certain that we are 
planning to accrue every year going forward. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
You have to leave something for me and the auditors as well, right? If I answer your question 
here, my auditor might raise it later. I understand the dilemma, but we’ll take a call. Let me also 
discuss it with the auditors. 
Meet Vora: 
Sure. And just secondly, on the interest cost every quarter or year that we can work with, as I 
see that there's been a debt increase to around INR 1,000 crore by the end of March this year. So 
if you can give some indication over there? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Frankly, we have about INR 900 crore in cash lying with us, so our net debt is minimal. This 
borrowing was done primarily to ensure smooth cash flows. Secondly, we’re also putting 
pressure on our team—our previous habit of borrowing had completely gone. So now the focus 
is on whether we have strong negotiation skills: are we getting the best rates, the best 
opportunities, like the 14-year term loan? These aspects are being tested here, even if only in a 
smaller way. I could repay this loan today—there’s hardly any debt to speak of. But this 
borrowing was done for the new company we started, DCTL. So this is what we have done. But 
frankly, I have no pressure on debt at all. 
Meet Vora: 
Correct. Because gross interest cost ideally should be in sync with that INR 1,000 crore. That's 
why I was asking, but I understood your point. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
And also there, it will be in other income, right. So the net interest also will be hardly anything. 
And then it gets capitalized also. I mean there are several factors here, hence it's a bookkeeping 
question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is follow-up from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Arun Prasath: 
I was asking about the capital work in progress, INR 1,600 crore we have in our books as of 
March 2025. So apart from the long-term projects, can you just help us understand what portion 
of this is getting commercialized in Q2 and Q3? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
So, all the projects, what we had earlier announced for INR 2,000 crore, INR 2,200 crore are 
getting commissioned in the current year. This balance will be whatever we are spending, say, 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
phenol technology or the polycarbonate technology and this gets spilled over to the next years. 
But other all earlier announcements are getting completed by this year. 
Arun Prasath: 
So majority of this will be capitalized this year? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Thank you all for joining this call. In case you have any further questions, our team can answer 
that. Thanks once again for joining this call. 
Maulik Mehta: 
Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
