4((JKTYR=
R 
& INDUSTRIES LTD.
JKTIL:SECTL:SE:2025
Date: 26th May 2025
BSE Ltd
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
DalaI Street
Mumbai-400 001
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
1, Block G
Exchange Plaza
Bandra –Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai –400051 .
Scrip Code: 530007
Symbol: JKTYRE
Dear Sir,
Re. Transcript of Results Conference Call held on 21;t May 2025
- 
Regulation 
30 of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
Further to our letter dated 14th May 2025 re. Intimation of Schedule
of Results Conference Call, we enclose herewith the transcript of the
Quarter 
4, 
financial 
year 
2024-25 
Results 
Conference 
Call
(Group Conference Call) held on 21=* May 2025 .
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For JK Tyre & Industries Ltd.
(Kamal Kumar Manik)
Company Secretary
a-
P
Encl: As Above
\V
Admin. aff.: 3, Bahadur Shah Zafar Mary, New Delhi-110 002, Phone: 91-11-66001112, 66001122
Regd, 0 K.: Jaykaygmm, PO - Tyre Factory, Kankroli - 313342 (Rajasthan), Fax : 02952-232018. Ph. : 02952-302400 / 330011
Website : www.jkVre.com CIN : L67120RJ1951PLCC>45966
a
VIKRANT
KAMAL 
KUMAR 
MANIK
Digitally signed by 
KAMAL KUMAR MANIK 
Date: 2025.05.26 
18:21:04 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 21, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANSHUMAN SINGHANIA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
JK TYRE & INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARUN K. BAJORIA – DIRECTOR & PRESIDENT, 
INTERNATIONAL – JK TYRE & INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
AND MR. SANJEEV AGGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – JK TYRE & INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. CHIRAG JAIN – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY25 JK Tyre and Industries Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chirag Jain from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Chirag Jain: 
Thank you, Muskan. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Emkay Global, I would like to 
welcome you all to the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of JK Tyre and Industries 
Limited. Today, we have with us the senior management team represented by Mr. Anshuman 
Singhania, Managing Director; Mr. Arun K. Bajoria, Director and President, International and 
Mr. Sanjeev Aggarwal, Chief Financial Officer. We will begin the call with opening comments 
from the management team, followed by a Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
 
 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Yes. Thank you. I would like to take this opportunity to extend my warm welcome to you all and  
thank you for joining JK Tyre’s Quarter 4th & FY’25 earnings call. It is my great pleasure to be 
here again to address you and I have with me, Dr. Arun K. Bajoria, Director & President (Int’l), 
and Mr. Sanjeev Aggarwal, CFO. 
 
The Indian economy continued to outshine its global peers with its GDP hitting a milestone of 
USD 4.3 trillion in 2025 doubling from USD 2.1 trillion in 2015, and there is still a high growth 
potential going forward. As per RBI’s latest estimates, the GDP is projected to grow by 6.5% in 
FY26.  
 
The Indian economy has shown tremendous resilience and continues to remain less impacted by 
the external geopolitical environment and US tariffs on account of India being primarily a 
domestically driven economy with underlying strong domestic capital markets and huge foreign 
exchange reserves.  
 
We believe US tariffs in the medium to long term, are unlikely to have a significant impact on 
the auto sector and the tyre industry. However, Indian economy is likely to be relatively better 
placed in terms of tariffs under FTA which is under negotiation, which will provide significant 
long-term growth opportunities. 
 
Overall, India’s long term growth trajectory continues to remain strong on account of 
macroeconomic fundamentals and robust domestic demand which makes India an engine of 
growth despite the emerging trade challenges in the global landscape. 
 
Automotive industry is the cornerstone of India’s manufacturing and economic growth, 
contributing significantly to its GDP. India is the third-largest automotive market in the world 
which is emerging as a global leader in the automotive value chain.  
 
The year FY’25 remained a progressive year for the sector, demonstrated by an overall volume 
growth of 7.3% backed by double digit growth in 2/3W segment. PV segment continued its 
upward trajectory and touched an all-time high with sales of 4.3 million vehicles, SUVs being 
the key growth driver contributing as high as 65% of the total PV sales. In FY25, CVs witnessed 
a marginal degrowth of 1-2% on account of long monsoon spell and reduced govt spend on infra 
due to General elections.  
 
 
 

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Commercial Vehicle (CV) segment saw a positive momentum in Q4FY25 and the trend is 
expected to continue in the 1st quarter of next financial year on account of pre-buying of CVs 
as the new regulations for AC cabins is becoming mandatory in June 2025. 
 
Auto sector is expected to grow at 6-8% in FY26 on the back of stable macroeconomic 
conditions including revival in infrastructure spend, normal monsoon, easing interest rate 
scenario and increase in rural and urban disposable incomes.  
 
Coming to JK Tyre’s Q4 performance, the quarter has recorded an improvement over the 
previous quarter. The Consolidated revenues increased to Rs.3,780 crores. EBITDA stood at 
Rs.384 crores up by 15% on q-o-q basis. EBITDA margin expanded primarily on account of 
higher volumes and improved operational efficiencies.  
 
I would also like to highlight the double-digit volume growth achieved in both PCR and TBR 
categories in replacement market on y-o-y basis. 
 
For the full FY25, Consolidated revenues stood at Rs.14,772 crores. Consolidated EBITDA was 
recorded at Rs.1,678 crores with an EBITDA margin of 11.4%. 
 
In 4th Quarter, Exports were up by 4% on q-o-q basis despite heightened uncertainties and 
continued volatility in global markets. 
 
JK Tyre remains committed to provide innovative, high quality and technologically advanced 
products, thereby elevating customer experience. We have been consistently investing nearly 
1.5% of our turnover annually on strengthening our R&D capabilities, which help us to stay 
ahead of the curve and deliver superior & innovative products to customers.  
 
We are witnessing a strong market traction for our premium offerings- Levitas Ultra, Smart 
Tyre, Ranger series and Puncture Guard Tyre in the passenger vehicle segment, and we have 
been securing new approvals from OEMs in higher rim sizes in PCR (For instance; Kia Syros 
17’’– major share of business) and Thar & Thar Roxx (18’’), which will drive our sales & 
improve profitability further.  
 
As part of our premiumization efforts, in the replacement market, revenue mix of high rim sizes 
is improving consistently and growing at double-digit in PCR and in commercial segment also 
XF, XM and XD series tyres are improving the product mix. 
 
Fleet Management & Mobility businesses are expanding rapidly, serving nearly 80% of India’s 
large fleets. 
 
Ongoing projects worth Rs.1,400 crores across PCR, TBR & All Steel Light Truck Radial 
(ASLTR) segments are progressing well. Further, capacity utilization levels remain high across 
all our plants. 
  
JK Tyre remains focussed on sustainable manufacturing across its 11 plants globally with a 
capacity of 35Mn+ tyres annually. We are aiming to cut GHG emissions and raw water 
consumption by 50% by 2030 as part of its strategy to achieve environmental goals. We are 
ranked amongst top 3 companies globally in terms of lowest energy consumption and lowest 
specific raw water consumption.  
 
We are proud to inform you that JK Tyre has commenced production of a new passenger car 
tyre, 'UX Royale Green', using ISCC Plus (International Sustainable and Carbon Certification) 
certified sustainable materials. This development marks the introduction of India’s first 
passenger car tyre manufactured with globally certified renewable and recycled raw materials. 
This represents a defining step in JK Tyre’s journey towards environmentally responsible 
innovation.  
 
JK Tyre has been recognized as a “SUPERBRAND” for the 10th time, a milestone that reflects 
the enduring trust, quality, and leadership our brand commands. 
 

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
In Q4FY25, we further strengthened the dealer network by adding 150+ dealers and 25+ 
exclusive brand shops.  
 
During the quarter, we inaugurated 100th Truck Wheel Centre. JK Tyre has the largest service 
network in the country for Commercial Vehicles, delivering superior customer services.  
 
As we step into the FY26, our strategic approach will be to provide solutions which are 
innovation driven, collaborative & sustainable to transform challenges into opportunities. 
Now, I request Dr. Bajoria to talk about the performance of JK Tornel, Mexico. 
 
 
Arun Bajoria: 
 
Thank you, MD, sir. I would like to share brief highlights of the Mexican economy for FY25,  
followed by JK Tornel’s performance for the quarter 4 and FY25. 
 
The Mexican economy is projected to grow by 1.5- 2% in FY25 as per the Mexico’s Finance 
Ministry’s data, despite the emerging trade challenges from US tariffs, public spending being 
identified as the likely driver of this growth.  
 
Mexico’s President has also laid down a “Plan Mexico” to support and boost their economy 
amidst the US president’s imposition of tariffs on import of Mexican goods, however, 
automobile tyres will continue to be exported to USA at zero duty for now. 
  
Mexico is the 2nd largest economy in Latin America and one of the largest trade Partner of USA.  
 
Mexican Peso depreciated against USD by 2% in Q4FY25 as compared to Q3 which augurs well 
for JK Tornel exports.  
 
Sales for FY25 was recorded at 4,928 Mn Pesos, lower by about 10% on constant currency basis. 
In INR terms, sales in FY25 have declined to Rs.2,147 crores from Rs.2,628 crores recorded last 
year (lower by 18% y-o-y) mainly on account of depreciation of Mexican peso against INR by 
8% (Peso / INR at 4.41 vs 4.78). JK Tornel delivered highest ever supplies to Walmart and mass 
merchandisers in Q4. 
 
To meet the ever-evolving needs of export and domestic markets, we have launched 34 new 
products which are well accepted by customers. Further, we are focussing on increasing 
domestic sales and exports to LATAM and Brazil. 
 
Our PCR expansion project of USD 27 Mn is also progressing well and is expected to be 
completed by the end of CY2025.  
 
To increase the profitability, various cost saving measures in areas including logistics and other 
overheads have been identified and action is being taken. 
 
Further, we are closely monitoring the evolving situation around US tariffs and will accordingly 
take the next course of action, mainly for exports to USA. 
 
Now, I would request Mr. Sanjeev Aggarwal to talk about the financial performance of JK 
Tyre for this quarter. 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Thank you. Thank you very much, sir. So let me briefly share with you the key financial 
highlights for quarter 4 and financial year '25. So first is the consolidated revenue for quarter 4 
were recorded at INR3,780 crores, up by 2% on Y-o-Y basis as against INR3,714 crores in the 
corresponding quarter last year. Revenue for FY '25 were recorded at INR14,772 crores, 
marginally lower by 2% against INR15,046 crores in FY '24.  

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Consolidated EBITDA for Q4 was recorded at INR384 crores versus INR335 crores in Q3 FY 
'25, a jump of 15%. EBITDA for FY '25 stood at INR1,678 crores. EBITDA margins during Q4 
were recorded at 10.2% as against 9.1%, representing an improvement of over 110 basis points 
over the previous quarter. EBITDA margin for FY '25 stood at 11.4%. Cash profit for Q4 stood 
at INR264 crores and INR1,202 crores for the full financial year, respectively.  
Profit after tax for Q4 stood at INR102 crores and INR516 crores in FY'25, respectively. 
Capacity utilization for FY '25 was at 78% on a consolidated basis. However, capacity utilization 
of radial tyres remained high at over 85%. Export volumes during Q4 remained flat on a Q-on-
Q basis despite ongoing geopolitical challenges. 
 
However, exports from India in value terms were up by 4% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Cavendish posted a top line of INR1,034 crores in Q4 and impressive growth of 18% on Y-o-Y 
basis. CIL achieved an EBITDA of INR87 crores in the quarter. Subsidiary companies, 
Cavendish and JK Tornel, Mexico contributed significantly to the revenue and profitability on a 
consolidated basis, reinforcing JK Tyres' integrated global strategy and diversified footprint.  
Consolidated earnings per share stood at INR3.54 per share in Q4 and INR18.07 in FY '25. The 
return ratios, ROCE and ROE continues to be in double digits. Net debt stood at INR4,081 crores 
for the quarter as against INR4,319 crores in the previous quarter. So there is a reduction of 
about INR238 crores during the quarter 4. The balance sheet of the company continues to remain 
healthy with robust key financial ratios.  
Leverage ratios, net debt to equity and net debt to EBITDA was at 0.82x and 2.4x as on 31st 
March '25, respectively. The Board has announced a dividend of Rs.3 per equity share, i.e. 150%. 
The scheme of amalgamation of CIL with JK Tyre is progressing well and has already been 
approved by SEBI and the matter is now with NCLT. So with this, I open the forum for the 
question and answers. And as you must have already read the Q4 earnings presentation, so the 
forum is open for the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Dhanraj Kadam an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Dhanraj Kadam: 
Sir, my question is how is company’s growth in electric vehicle segment? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Yes. we are present in all EV tyre manufacturing and have products across all product segments, 
we are fully ready for the EV tyres. In fact, we are supplying tyres in the electric buses, and we 
are the largest in the bus segment with our EV tyres. We are supplying to the leading OEMs like 
JBM, Tata Motors, Ashok Leyland, Switch Mobility (owned by Ashok Leland), and EKA 
Mobility etc. 
And we are continuously working with other OEMs also. We enjoy almost 70% market share 
across all OEs. We are supplying tyres in the replacement markets market as well. Even in the 
last mile connectivity of the SCV, which is small commercial vehicle, we enjoy 50% of the 
business with Tata Motors ACE, which is an EV variant.  

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
We are also successfully supplying our tyres to 2/3-wheeler OEMs in the EV segment including 
the Ola Electric, Ather and pure electric company. We see that the EV presence is growing in 
the country. EV buses are contributing 7% in the total bus industry, and we are expecting that 
this will go further to 10% by intervention of various government policies. So, we are expecting 
a growth.  
Overall, in the EV space we are expecting a growth in the passenger car vehicle production, 
which by 2030, we are estimating around 1.33 million units, which is approximately 20% of the 
total passenger vehicle production in the country. And we are completely ready, and we are 
participating and have advanced talks with the OEM players who are into the EV. 
Dhanraj Kadam: 
One more last question. Sir, my question is what is the company’s outlook on raw material cost 
in upcoming quarters? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Raw material, we have seen right now on quarter-on-quarter basis from the previous quarter, 
around 2.5% decline. Going ahead, we are seeing stabilizing of raw material prices with a bias 
towards marginal decline in forthcoming quarters.  
Dhanraj Kadam: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mahindra Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Thank you for taking my question. Sir, the first question is on the Mexico business. So if you 
look at the revenues in Mexico, while in the opening remarks, you did comment on the 
depreciation of the peso versus the INR, but there would be a volume decline also. And if you 
look at the tariffs, etc. that would have actually kicked in possibly at the end. So could you 
explain why Mexico was so weak, both in top line and margins for the fourth quarter? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Yes. So, Mexico, as you heard Mr. Bajoria, one of the reasons was the depreciation of Mexico 
peso vis-a-vis the Indian rupee. The other reason was that there was a complete uncertainty in 
from Mexico supplying to U.S. because of the Trump tariffs. There was no certainty. And every 
time, the dates were sort of getting shifted.  
So, there was a complete uncertainty in the minds of the customers based in U.S.A. So that was 
another major reason. But having said that, there is a good demand, which is coming our way in 
Mexico, the local Mexico as well. And with the uncertainty getting behind, the U.S. market is 
also opening up, which will have a lot of positive impact from Mexico to U.S. 
Arjun Khanna: 
So sir, just to understand this, so in the month of April and May, we have seen almost 20 days. 
Have we seen sort of a recovery in revenues from the fourth quarter? 
Arun Bajoria: 
Well, not yet to the extent that we are going to achieve performance because you see still the 
duty structure and all is all getting discussed between the Mexican government and the American 
government. But in the meantime, we have started selling higher volumes and quantities in the 
local domestic market. So that will certainly help us. And we are also now focusing much higher 
in terms of exports to Brazil as well as Latin America. 

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. And in terms of the way we look at it in terms of margins in Mexico, what would our 
outlook be? 
Arun Bajoria: 
It would be slightly better than what we have achieved in the financial year '25. But for now, 
you can take that the performance in FY'26 will be better than what you have seen in financial 
year '25. 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
And just to add to what Bajoria ji said, just one very clear trend what we are noticing today is 
that because there is no tariff being imposed for exports from Mexico to U.S. on the tyres. So 
that will help us in exporting the tyres to the U.S. market in a greater manner going forward.  
So, this will definitely improve our profitability, the revenues and we are very hopeful that the 
margins can immediately improve in the next financial year as compared to what we have seen 
in FY '25. 
Anshuman Singhania: 
And the trend of raw material also is moving positively, there is a stable guidance for that. So 
that will also help in margin expansion. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. Sir, just to understand, if there is no tariff on sale of tyres from Tornel to the U.S. market, 
why haven't our sales come back? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
No. Right now, there is just this clarification being ascertained recently. So, on ground in terms 
of the U.S. customers, it is still seeping in. And the notifications, etc. are being communicated 
by us to them. So there will be traction coming in going forward. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. Sir, my second question is regarding the raw materials, which the previous participant also 
asked. Now you mentioned the first quarter FY'26 should be similar to the fourth quarter FY'25. 
Given that I would assume that's because we have some inventories. Given the rupee has slightly 
appreciated, you have seen the oil prices slightly come off. So does that mean the second quarter 
FY '26, we should see some margin expansion? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
See, as a trend, I can tell you because there is a lot of volatility, what we have noticed in FY '25 
and in the last 1 month also, again, there is a downward movement of the crude oil prices, the 
synthetic rubber, the natural rubber prices and all. So as of now, what we are seeing is that it is 
going to be stabilize over the next couple of quarters.  
But when it will change again, we do not know. So, giving a guidance too far beyond maybe 
first quarter or second quarter would be slightly difficult at this point of time. But we can say 
that the stabilization of the raw material prices is what we are seeing as of now. I would also like 
to add that the behaviour of the commodity prices is also softening. So, I don't see that there 
would be a sort of a surge in prices, which will come immediately. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. Sir, my final question is on our debt level. So this year, we saw our debt increase on a year-
on-year basis on a net debt basis. How do we look at it over FY26-27? Also, we've talked about 
the INR1,400 crores of projects. We spent roughly INR700 crores in FY'25. So what kind of 
capex do we anticipate in FY '26 and FY'27? 

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Anshuman Singhania: 
As you know that we had already announced our capex plans of Rs.1,400 crores, plus we spend 
annually Rs.200-300 crores on normal capex. All projects are progressing well as per respective 
schedule. At the moment, we are not embarking on any new expansion project. 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
To add to what Anshuman ji mentioned, we will have the capacities available from these projects 
in this financial year 2026. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Right. So, what would be our capex spend for FY'26? What is the remaining amount? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Yes, the outgo would be roughly around INR900 crores. Because as you would recall, last year 
also, we had given you a guidance that INR800 crores to INR900 crores, we roughly spend on 
account of the capex outlay. And for the last 2 years, we have been having the same kind of 
amount.  
This year we will be spending roughly around INR900 crores, and we will be completing all our 
existing projects. And then, of course, the Board may decide to go ahead with some other 
expansion programs. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Perfect. Thank you very much and wishing you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Alfaccurate Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks for opportunity and congrats for decent set of numbers sir. Sir, my first question on the 
Tornel. So, if you see that Mexican Peso has appreciated versus INR on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis, that is 9% up from 3.94 to 4.28. Despite that, we have seen a quarter-to-quarter degrowth 
of 11%. And now the Mexican Peso has recovered to the 4.44. So, in this case, what is our 
revenue guidance for the next two to three quarters on a quarterly basis? Because in this quarter, 
we understand that because of the uncertainty, there was some issues. But going ahead, what 
will happen when there is appreciation of the Mexican peso versus rupee? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Yes, just now Bajoria ji mentioned that because the uncertainties on account of tariffs is behind 
us and also a lot of volatility we have seen in FY '25. So that is also behind us. We are expecting 
that there will be a good growth in the financial year 2026 on account of the larger exports and 
the focus, as Mr. Bajoria mentioned earlier, is more on the domestic market, Brazil and LATAM. 
Things are expected to improve definitely in this financial year in terms of revenue improvement 
and the EBITDA improvement as well. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So Mexican peso has already appreciated 12%, 13% in the last 2 months. So in this case, once 
that quarterly revenue of the Mexico has gone down to the INR450 crores versus that INR600 
crores. So can we expect that there will be a revenue growth of 15% to 20% in the next year 
from the Mexico? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Two things, just to be clear that Mexican peso when it is depreciating, it is good for our exports, 
but when we consolidate, then actually, we have to see the movement vis-a-vis the Indian Rupee 
as well, which is also cross currency. So we'll have to see. But the impact of the depreciation of 
the peso definitely will improve the exports from Mexico. And secondly, as mentioned earlier 

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
that there are no tariffs announced for exports from Mexico to U.S. so far, this will be having a 
positive impact. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So how is the revenue mix at this point of time in the Mexican business? I think that 50% from 
the domestic and 50% from the export and out of that, the U.S. contribution is hardly 8% to 10%. 
So if you see the impact on the revenue, that is very much high. So just wanted to understand 
what happened actually? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Yes, mainly two things again. First is that the major focus would be definitely in the domestic 
market and then the Latin American markets and then the U.S. markets. So in this order of the 
focus priority, you will see the improvement. And at present, approximately 60% of the revenue 
is coming from the domestic markets. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And from U.S.? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
You only mentioned it is about 8%. See our effort is to have minimum impact due to this tariff 
structure, which may again come back because right now, there is a lull for about 90 days. And 
our strategy for this financial year 2026 is to have minimum impact due to any exports to U.S.A. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And in this year, we will get around 10% to 12% benefit on the conversion side because 
appreciation of the Mexican Peso versus INR, it was hit in the last year. So, can we expect that 
15% to 20% growth because of this thing in the Mexican business? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
See, the depreciation or appreciation of the currency will definitely have its own impact at the 
time of conversion of accounts while consolidating. But otherwise, we are saying that the 
quantity itself because of the larger volume exports in the domestic market, larger volume sale 
will improve.  
And because there is also an expansion program, which is going on in Mexico for about USD 
27 million which will increase capacities in a phased manner. So, over the next 2 years we will 
see a positive impact. We will have larger capacities available, particularly for the larger rim 
size tyres, which will fetch better revenues and profitability. So, things are looking up and 
hopefully we will see some good numbers going forward. 
Abhishek Jain: 
My next question is for Cavendish. So how is the growth outlook in the calendar? And as there 
is a decline in the RM prices, most probably the Cavendish will also get the benefit. So just 
wanted to understand what are the key figures for the growth in the Cavendish? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Cavendish definitely has done well. In the last financial year 2025, you would have noticed 
nearly 20% growth in the Revenue and this company has done very well in the last couple of 
years since the time we acquired it in 2016 from about INR1,000 crores turnover to almost about 
INR4,000 crores annual turnover now.  
This company has been turned around, making good profits. The margins are also very good on 
a relative basis. Also, CIL is going to get merged soon with the parent company. 

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Anshuman Singhania: 
With the confidence of our operational efficiency and the quality of product, we have been 
serving the OEMs through CIL. So that speaks about our processes and systems are right in place 
to cater to very stringent norms of the OEMs. Not only in the truck radial, but we are participating 
with the majority of OEMs who are manufacturing in India including serving to 2/3Wheeler 
OEMs as well. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. And my last question on the working capital side. So inventory and the debtor days has 
gone up in this quarter because of the higher raw material prices. And that's why that short-term 
borrowings has inched up significantly. So just wanted to understand what is your debt 
repayment plan because the inventory prices are going down and most probably this will be 
prevalent in the debtor days, so just if you can throw some light on the repayment? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
In Q4, we have actually reduced the number of days of inventory, both raw material and the 
finished goods. And there has been a reduction in the bank borrowing also on the working capital 
side and as I mentioned earlier there is an overall reduction in the Net Debt by about INR238 
crores in this quarter.  
But when we compare it with corresponding quarter last year, then definitely there has been 
some increase in the working capital requirements because of the increase in raw material prices, 
finished goods prices. But we are on top of it, and we are working hard to get this reduced to a 
comfortable level. And we can expect that there will be significant improvement in the total 
working capital and also the working capital borrowings will go down going forward. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, sir. That’s all I have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dinesh Kumar from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Okay. Can you share the volume growth across segments? Like what was the contribution of 
price versus volume to revenue growth? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Volume growth for which quarter you are saying? 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Price v/s volume growth in the revenue contribution? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, truck segment comprising TBR & TBB has grown in the range of 
about 7%. And our passenger line has grown around 1% quarter-on-quarter basis. But in 
replacement market, our passenger line volumes on a year-on-year basis have grown 23% and 
our truck radial has grown by nearly 18%. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Okay. Another question, how has competitive intensity been in the past quarter? Are there any 
signs of aggressive pricing by peers? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
During the last year FY’25, barring the quarter 4, we've have increased our selling prices to 
mitigate the RM cost spikes and we continue to look for more opportunities to increase our prices 
in the aftermarket, which is the replacement market. And OEM to a large extent, it is index-
based. 

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Okay. And how are you positioned for EV-related tyres demand, like any product launches or 
partnerships coming? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
I think this we have already discussed in the call today. To reiterate, we are fully geared up for 
all kind of EV requirements, be it Truck and Bus or the passenger car or 2/3wheeler. We have 
been supplying to all the companies in this space, and we are growing with the industry. So, as 
the industry is growing in the respective segments, we are fully ready to cater to this evolving 
demand. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Okay. That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manju Choudhary from InvestSavvy Portfolio 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Manju Choudhary: 
I wanted to understand the risk of the Mexico supply to the U.S. Maybe somewhere it's been 
addressed. But when we are looking at this whole saga between U.S. and Mexico, how is that 
plant being affected? 
Arun Bajoria: 
You must have just heard that out of our total sales in FY'25, about 8% is the export to U.S.A. 
So therefore, as mentioned earlier in this call also that our strategy now is that we are increasing 
our sales in domestic markets, that is number one, and also to Brazil market and Latin American 
markets.  
So really speaking, if the tariffs unexpectedly did not fall in line, it will give us at least some 
viable alternative and we will not be affected to that extent. So you can be rest assured that the 
U.S. tariff on Mexican products is not going to hurt us very much. 
Manju Choudhary: 
So you'll be able to send that production at other places? 
Arun Bajoria: 
Absolutely. 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Just to add to what Mr Bajoria mentioned, as we are talking about the exports from the Mexico 
to U.S. very broadly, I will tell you that the company as a whole on a consolidated basis is 
exporting to U.S. in a very small percentage, around 8% from Mexico and also similar numbers 
from India also. So please take note that the exposure to USA is very low. 
Manju Choudhary: 
So, 8% is from Mexico and 8% is from India? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
From Mexico it is. 
Anshuman Singhania: 
We are seeking all opportunities to increase our sales into the U.S. from the Mexico facility. 
These tariff related uncertainties are hovering in the minds of customers, we are explaining to 
them, and the acknowledgment is also coming. So, going ahead we are expecting a positive wave 
of supplies from Mexico into U.S.A. 
Manju Choudhary: 
But total sales to U.S. is 15% of your revenue, 8% from India and 8% from Mexico? 

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Arun Bajoria: 
I just want to explain to you that effectively, only 3% of the total revenues on a consolidated 
basis is exposed to USA. 
Manju Choudhary: 
Sorry, so 16% is the number, right? 
Arun Bajoria: 
So what I'm trying to tell you is that the exposure to the total revenues to U.S. tariff is minimal. 
It may not be more than 3%. 
Manju Choudhary: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amar Kant Gaur from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Thanks for taking my question. I have, first of all, a housekeeping question. Could you please 
tell me what were your exports for this quarter? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Export for the quarter were INR513 crores on a consolidated basis. And for the full FY2025, it 
was INR2,378 crores. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Now my first question is on growth in the India business, where we have seen much higher 
growth from Cavendish versus JK in the standalone. Could you please highlight what would be 
the difference that is driving that? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
JK Tyre standalone caters to OEMs in large volumes and particularly to the truck radial OEMs 
where we are a very strong player. Last whole financial year for the truck especially in terms of 
the OEMs have seen very muted growth. In fact, 1% to 2% degrowth only. So this was one of 
the major reasons where the standalone India JK Tyre was impacted.  
But CIL has a mix of Truck radial and 2/3wheeler where it performed better because it is not 
only catering to the OEM, but also to the replacement market at large. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Okay, from an overall India business perspective, could you highlight what would be the growth 
in replacement, exports and OE individually? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
In Q4, India operations in terms of values, replacement market growth was 6% and OE market 
growth of 13%. And volumes wise, our replacement market has been 7% higher. OEM volumes 
has also been 7% higher, exports lower by 9% which effectively makes overall 5% growth. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
So you said your replacement was up 7% Y-o-Y and OE was also up 7% Y-o-Y. 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Yes. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Overall volume growth you're saying is about 6%? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
No, it is 5%. 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Because of the exports. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
You're talking about Q4, right? 

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Yes, Q4. 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Q4, Y-o-Y basis. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Okay. And on the pricing side, can you quantify what kind of price hikes have you taken in this 
quarter or the last quarter? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
We have continuously taken price hikes. But in the fourth quarter, we did not take any price 
hike. However, in previous quarters, we were able to pass on, based on the increase in raw 
material, which was about 10% increase and in terms of selling price was about 7% for the full 
year. So we were able to pass on about 4% to 5% and the unabsorbed is still remaining around 
3% for the full year. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Okay. So sir, just a clarification. Your revenue growth in the India business Y-o-Y is about 6%. 
Volume growth is 5% and you talked about price increases that you have taken 5% to 6%, but 
the ASP increase is only 1%. So could you tell me what is that I'm missing? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
See, in terms of the volume growth, our OEM dependency on the truck radial, where we are 
having a large share of business, was quite dampened, so the volume growth was muted and our 
overall growth was also impacted. But as we ahead, there is a positive sentiment which is coming 
up in the truck buying. So there, we will be able to gain. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, in terms of overall pricing environment and competitive intensity in terms 
of prices now that the RM is going down, do you see any changes in that? Or is it intensifying 
further? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
No, the raw material prices, as I said, it is in a stable trajectory. Going forward, we are expecting 
that it should remain largely range bound only. We are not seeing anything which will impact. 
In fact, there has been a marginal decline in raw material prices in Q4 compared to Q3. So the 
trend line is looking to be good with a bias towards decline. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Okay. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Alfaccurate Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks for opportunity again. Sir, how much revenue from Cavendish in Q4 and FY '25? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
For Q4, there was a revenue of INR1,034 crores from Cavendish. And for the financial year, it 
was INR3,991 crores, almost about INR4,000 crores. So the run rate quarterly as of now is about 
INR1,000 crores. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And will this run rate will sustain in the coming quarter? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
I would just like to add that there was a healthy 18% growth y-o-y in Q4 for Cavendish. And for 
the full year FY25, it was a 9% growth.  

 
JK Tyre and Industries Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, can we expect that 12% to 15% growth going ahead because you are also adding the capacity 
in the Cavendish and you are very much positive on this so can we expect a 12% to 15% growth 
going ahead? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
We have been talking about overall growth in the revenues in the double digit, right. So that 
includes, of course, the parent company, JK Tyre and all put together on a consolidated basis. 
So, we are seeing that there is going to be a good growth and the capacities which we have built 
up in the last 1 year will contribute to this growth.  
So those will get utilized. And also, we are in the process of implementing another project, which 
is yet to be completed in this financial year. We are expecting good growth, which can be like 
the high single digit to double digit. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. Mexico revenue is a part of the export in the consolidated? 
Arun Bajoria: 
Yes, of course. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Entire number is in the export segment? 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Yes, and as you must have heard Mr. Bajoria already mentioned that the total export are of about 
INR2,378 crores for the financial year 2025. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. My final question.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
INR1,800 crores of exports roughly are from India and the balance on a consolidated basis, there 
are some inter-company transfers for exports also. So that gets eliminated while consolidating 
the numbers and therefore, the total consolidated export is about INR2,400 crores out of which 
INR1,800 crores is from India. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, sir. Thanks. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Chirag Jain: 
Thank you so much for joining us for this Q4 earnings call. And I hope that we have replied to 
your questions to your satisfaction. And once again, thank you very much for joining us. Thank 
you. 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Thank you. 
Arun Bajoria: 
Thank you very much. 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
