 
Energy Limited 
Regd. Office : JSW Centre 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
CIN: L74999MH1994PLC077041 
Phone: 022 – 4286 1000 
Fax: 022 – 4286 3000 
Website:  www.jsw.in 
 
                                                                                                                                               
 
                  
 
 Part of O. P. Jindal Group  
 
 
  
20th May, 2025 
SEC / JSWEL 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code: 533148 
Scrip Code: JSWENERGY- EQ 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Results Conference Call held on Thursday, 15th May, 2025 
 
Ref:  Regulation 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations)  
 
Dear Madam / Sir,  
 
With reference to the Results Conference Call held on Thursday, 15th May, 2025, to discuss the 
audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year 
ended 31st March, 2025, and pursuant to Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, we enclose 
herewith a transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The same is simultaneously being made available on the website of the Company. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
 
Monica Chopra 
Company Secretary 
MONICA BRIJ 
KUMAR 
CHOPRA
Digitally signed by 
MONICA BRIJ KUMAR 
CHOPRA 
Date: 2025.05.20 
12:54:58 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“JSW Energy Limited 4Q FY '25 Post-Result Earnings 
Conference Call Hosted By B&K Securities” 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHARAD MAHENDRA - JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, JSW 
ENERGY LIMITED 
MR. PRITESH VINAY - DIRECTOR (FINANCE) & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, JSW ENERGY LIMITED 
MR. BIKASH CHOWDHURY - HEAD (INVESTOR 
RELATIONS & STRATEGIC FINANCE), JSW ENERGY 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJESH MAJUMDAR - B&K SECURITIES 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the JSW Energy Limited 4Q FY '25 Post-Result 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by B&K Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. And once again, welcome to all of you. We are proud to hold the 
conference call of JSW Energy Limited Q4 FY '25 and Full Year FY '25 Earnings today. 
We have today the Management Team represented by Mr. Sharad Mahendra – Joint Managing 
Director & CEO, Mr. Pritesh Vinay – Director (Finance) & CFO and Mr. Bikash Chowdhury – 
Head, Investor Relations & Strategic Finance. 
So without much ado, I shall now request Sharad sir to start with his opening comments. Thank 
you, sir. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Thank you Rajesh, And good evening, Good evening and thank you all for joining us today. It is 
my pleasure to share the highlights of our performance for the quarter and the year gone by. 
FY2025 has been a landmark year for JSW Energy—one marked by strong execution, strategic 
growth, and sector-leading achievements. I am proud to share that we recorded the highest annual 
wind capacity addition by any renewable energy company in India this year. During the year, we 
crossed the significant milestone of 10 GW set under Strategy 2.0 and as I speak today, JSW 
Energy is a 12.2 GW company, reflecting the momentum we have built across both organic and 
inorganic expansion. In FY2025 alone, we have added 3.6 GW of capacity strengthening the 
diversity and scale of our portfolio. This has resulted in company reporting the highest ever 
annual EBITDA of ₹ 6,115 Crore and Record highest PAT of ₹ 1,951 Crore. 
Before we delve into our performance, I'd like to share some sector highlights. The dynamics are 
shifting towards enhancing energy security, addressing the increasing baseload and peak load 
management.  

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
FY2025 has marked an emerging trend in India’s power sector dynamics, with several state 
distribution companies increasingly turning to competitive bidding for thermal power 
procurement. This trend reflects the growing urgency among states to secure firm power and 
compliment the intermittent renewable generation. Thermal power, particularly from domestic 
coal-based sources, is regaining strategic importance. Having said this, We are happy to inform, 
JSW Energy has also secured a 1,600 MW ultra-supercritical plant in West Bengal which is fully 
tied up with WBSEDCL.  
Coming to capacity additions, India’s total installed capacity has reached 472 GW, and the 
country has added 33 GW in fiscal year 2025. Notably, renewable energy led the growth, 
accounting for a record 29 GW of the total additions. This surge was primarily driven by solar 
power, which contributed 24 GW, followed by 4.2 GW of wind capacity. 
The power demand for the country grew 4.2% in fiscal year 2025. In the fourth quarter we saw 
a demand growth of 3.2% year on year on a high base of 7.4% growth seen last year in the same 
quarter. Structurally we continue to expect strong power demand in the medium term. The peak 
demand witnessed in  the quarter  is 238 GW in Feb ’25 and 250 GW in FY25.  
The merchant market remained resilient during the year averaging around ₹ 4.5 /unit on 
exchanges on the back of soft coal prices. We have seen merchant tariff firming up in Q4FY25 
as compared to Q3FY25. In Q1FY26 we are seeing merchant tariff further increased to ₹ 
4.76/unit.  
For the quarter gone by prices were stable year on year at $95/t. Currently API 4 coal prices are 
around $89/t while within the domestic coal market, sufficient steps are taken to keep a robust 
coal supply. 
Coming to company performance, we have added total 3.6 GW of operational capacity during 
fiscal year 2025. This comprises 1.7 GW of organic capacity that affirms our capabilities to 
execute large-scale projects efficiently. Our organic wind capacity addition stands at 1.3 GW 
representing one third of the nation’s total wind capacity additions in FY2025. These greenfield 
wind capacity additions include the completion of SECI X wind project of 454 MW. Our 
remaining first batch of under-construction wind projects are nearing completion. The quarter 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
gone by also saw commissioning of unit 2 , 350 MW of Utkal thermal power plant which has 
stablised and running smoothly.  
Complementing our organic growth, we have strategically expanded our footprint through 
consummation of two important transactions, KSK Mahanadi Power a 3,600 MW on 6th march 
2025 asset and O2 Power a 4.7 GW platform on 9th April 2025.  
KSK Mahanadi is 3,600 MW plant and is the largest thermal asset acquired via NCLT 
proceedings for a total resolution amount of ₹ 16,084 crore. Currently 1,800 MW is operational 
which is 95% tied up under PPAs and has fuel supply agreements. In FY2025 the plant reported 
full year reported EBITDA of ₹ 2,895 crore on a PLF of 67.4% while the underlying EBITDA 
stands at ₹ 2,382 Crore.  We have improved PLF to 79% from FY25 average of 67% post 
completion of the transaction that is within 25 days of our operations in the month of  March. 
The deemed PLF stands at 99% during this period. We are currently integrating operations with 
JSW Energy and implementing comprehensive plan to bring cost efficiencies.  
In another large transaction we acquired O2 Power a 4.7 GW RE platform. The total 
consideration paid for O2 Power is ₹ 12,468 crore.   The current installed capacity of O2 is 1.3 
GW and we expect it to scale to 4.7 GW by June 2027 by undertaking capital expenditure of ₹ 
13,000- ₹ 14,000 crore.  
Turning to our under-construction portfolio, JSW Energy is currently constructing 11.3 GW of 
generation projects, all of which are fully tied up under long-term Power Purchase Agreements.  
The under-construction portfolio includes 9.7 GW of renewable energy projects and 1.6 GW 
Salboni ultra-supercritical thermal power project which marks our investment in greenfield 
thermal after more than a decade. Beyond this we have a robust project pipeline of approximately 
4.9 GW of projects where Letters of Intent or Letters of Award have been secured and PPAs are 
yet to be signed. 
In this quarter we have reduced our untied capacity, as Vijayanagar thermal plant is now fully 
tied up. This development not only ensures stable and predictable cash flows, but it also marks a 
fundamental shift in the composition of our open capacity.  

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
With Vijayanagar fully tied up, our open capacity now stands at approximately 976 MW of which 
large part of 790 MW is based on domestic coal which is 91% of the total coal capacity  used for 
merchant.  This transformation signifies a decisive move towards a more resilient, domestic coal-
based open capacity, reducing exposure to global coal price volatility. Therefore, the breakeven 
price for our open thermal capacity also reduces with the higher use of domestic coal. 
Coming to energy storage we recognize the critical role it plays in integrating renewable energy, 
we have expanded our locked in energy storage capacity to 28.3 GWh. Notably, the Bhavali in 
Maharashtra, the 12 GWh hydro pumped storage project which is tied up with MSEDCL is 
currently under implementation. In addition, recently in Q1FY26 we have signed PPA with 
UPPCL for another 12GWh of PSP project to be delivered in next 6 years. Regarding our SECI 
500 MW/1 GWh Battery Energy Storage System we have appealed in APTEL and awaiting the 
outcome.  
Coming to operational performance for the quarter, Our net generation for the quarter rose by 
24% year-on-year, to 7.9 billion units, driven by 32% year-on-year increase in renewable 
generation on the back of capacity additions. Total net generation from the tied-up portfolio was 
up 28% year on year in the quarter, while short-term generation increased modestly. Our thermal 
portfolio witnessed a healthy PLFs of 77% in the quarter and 71% for the full year. 
A significant portion of JSW Energy’s wind capacity was commissioned during the second half 
of the fiscal year. As is widely recognized, wind generation in India typically peaks during the 
first half—particularly from May to September—while the second half tends to experience lower 
wind speeds and, consequently, lower generation. Therefore, we are well placed ahead of the 
coming wind season and anticipate a normalization of generation output. 
Coming to outlook, We’re proud to announce that we've surpassed our 10 GW capacity target 
set under Strategy 2.0 — a major milestone in our growth journey. Building on this momentum,, 
I am happy to announce and we’re launching Strategy 3.0, our new roadmap to achieve 30 GW 
of generation capacity and 40 GWh of energy storage by 2030. 
This strategic vision of "30 by 30" underscores our commitment to powering India’s energy 
security with scale, speed, and sustainability. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
By FY30, we expect our EBITDA on a run-rate basis to grow 2.7x–3.0x over FY25 proforma 
EBITDA levels. To support this, we plan to invest ₹1,30,000 crore in capital expenditure between 
FY26 and FY30. 
With 11.3 MW under construction projects and a robust pipeline, our locked-in capacity now 
stands at 30.2 GW, placing us firmly on track to deliver target set under Strategy 3.0.  
With this now I pass on to Pritesh Vinay  to talk on financial performance for the quarter. Thank 
you. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Thank you, Sharad. A very good evening to all the participants. 
As Sharad mentioned, for the quarter, net generation was up by 24% YOY. And this translated 
to a total topline increase of 21% YOY to just shy of 3,500 crores. We reported an EBITDA of 
Rs. 1,512 crores which was up by 17% YOY and profit after tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 408 
crores which was up by 16% YOY. For the year as a whole, we saw the EBITDA increase by 
5% YOY to Rs. 6,115 crores and profit after tax for the year was up by 13% YOY at about Rs. 
1,950 crores. 
Moving to the balance sheet and leverage: 
If you look at the net debt for the quarter, at the end of the quarter post completion of the KSK 
acquisition, the total net debt stood at about Rs. 44,000 crores, out of which about Rs. 9,500 
crores was for projects which are under capital work in progress, and almost Rs. 34,500 crores 
was the leverage sitting on the operating companies. 
Against the reported EBITDA of Rs. 6,115 crores, if you look at the pro forma EBITDA, which 
basically is if all these assets that we have acquired in the middle of the year were available with 
us for the entire part of the year, the pro forma EBITDA is about Rs. 8,860 crores. And hence, 
the net debt to pro forma EBITDA stands at just about 5x. 
The other key metric that I would like to highlight is that the net debt to equity stands at 1.6 
times at the end of the financial year. The weighted average cost of debt went up by almost 18 
bps sequentially and stood at about 9.05%. And from a receivables point of view, the receivables 
continue to be healthy. We reported a total outstanding receivables of Rs. 2,900 crores. From a 
headline point of view in terms of DSO, it may appear to be at 76 days a bit higher compared to 
March last year. But what I would like to point out are two things. A, given that the amount of 
power being sold on merchant is lower where you get immediate realization, there's a higher 
proportion of power which is being sold on a credit period. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
And secondly, the quality of receivables are very healthy in terms of the overdue out of these 
total amount. The overdue trend as a percentage of total is significantly lower on a YOY basis. 
Maybe I'll just take a stop there and we can open up the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session.  
Our first question comes from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations on building a very strong pipeline and 
especially completing 2 inorganic acquisitions. My first question is, of course, you have built up 
a very large base load portfolio now, especially with the acquisition of Mahanadi. And now we're 
building a new power plant in West Bengal. My question is, do you still see accretion to this 
base load portfolio? And my related question is, what is the status of equipment placement and 
land acquisition for the West Bengal coal-based power plant? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Can you repeat the first question, please? 
Mohit Kumar: 
First question was, how do you think about accretion, further accretion to this baseload portfolio? 
Do you still think that you would like to do more of the coal-based power plant? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, Mohit, yes, as we are seeing the increase in the peak demand, which is between 250 
gigawatt, the base load demand especially with significant increase in the intermittent renewable 
energy, which is solar, the peak load demand, the base load demands will definitely keep on 
increasing gradually. One is the demand growth and the pattern in which the new capacities 
which are coming in. If we see last year significant portion has come from renewable and also 
primarily driven by solar. So the base load demand will gradually is forecasted to be increasing 
wherein the thermal is going to play a key role. And regarding your second question in terms of 
the readiness, I am happy to tell that the entire land on which the plant is to be set up is in our 
possession. So that is not at all a challenge. Everything, the groundwork, in fact, the initial 
preparatory work has already started. Regarding the equipment placements, we are at an 
advanced stage of finalizing that. And that we don't see as a constraint at all in completing the 
project within the PPA timeline. 
Mohit Kumar: 
So what was the EBITDA in FY’25 for KSK Mahanadi and what is the improvement possible 
over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See as we told you that in my opening remarks I told about the EBITDA which was operational 
EBITDA which was in the range of Rs. 2,380 crores operational EBITDA which was there full 
year on for KSK and the way we have demonstrated in terms of increased PLF, bringing in the 
efficiencies, we are quite confident that we are still working, we are integrating. It is only about 
a month which has happened. We are working on, areas have been identified, but we see a 
significant scope of improvement in terms of the efficiencies, which will ultimately improve in 
terms of the revenue as well as the bottomline. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Mohit Kumar: 
And, sir, do you have to quantify that number, sir? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Mohit, it may not be appropriate to quantify it at this point, but I think what will be better and 
more credible is to deliver some kind of a quarterly progress. And that will be a better way of 
tracking this. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Okay. Thank you, Mr. Vinay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Atul Tiwari from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Yes, sir. And congratulations on hitting your targets of capacity expansion. I have two questions. 
The first one is again on the Salboni project. Would it be possible to share some color on the 
PPA? Is it a regulated PPA or is it a completely bid PPA? And if it is the latter, then what are 
the kind of prices that they're looking at? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
You see, this is again the Salboni is a section (63) PPA, which was under the competitive 
bidding, which we have been able to secure. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay and so I am assuming it will be under a two part tariff, fixed charges and energy charges. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Atul, the levelized 25-year tariff under two-part mechanism will be roughly Rs. 5.45 per 
kWh. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Assuming a domestic coal supply, of course. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes. It is fully tied up, yes. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay and your plan of doing Rs. 1.3 trillion of CAPEX by FY '30, would you be able to share 
some thought process around need for equity to meet that and how much of that you can generate 
internally and how much you will need to raise from outside? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Atul, as we have been talking about this consistently in the past, that any growth aspiration 
has to be calibrated within a certain framework of protecting leverage profile and calibrating 
growth commensurately. So it may not be appropriate to quantify that because needless to say 
and I'm sure you would be aware of this that there will be a back-ending of this. So as your 
capacity base goes up, your cash accretion goes up, your ability to spend goes up progressively. 
So it's not 130 divided by 5 equally spent in every year, right? So therefore, everything has been 
planned in such a way that the capital availability is matched with the expected capacity increase 
going forward. And if need be, as we had demonstrated about a year ago, if you look at that point 
of time, if you looked at our committed growth pipeline and our then prevailing leverage profile, 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
we actually didn't need to raise any equity capital. So therefore, these are things out there and 
it's very difficult to crystal ball and pinpoint exactly. But anyways, all the growth aspirations 
will be significantly calibrated to meet the guardrails. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Good evening. I have a couple of questions. The first one is if you could give us a sense of what 
was the total CAPEX in the previous financial? What is that you expect to spend over FY'26 and 
FY'27 separately if possible, in case just FY'26 would also be fine? That's my first question. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Sumit, what we actually ended up incurring as a total CAPEX for fiscal '25 was about Rs. 
8,000 crores. And if you remember, we had started, we were guided for Rs. 15,000 CAPEX for 
the year. Because of certain delays in some of the ongoing projects and because we were 
accelerating the inorganic growth pipeline, we calibrated it down. For fiscal 2026, we are 
expecting to end up spending anything between Rs. 15,000 crores to Rs. 18,000 crores in that 
range to complete the ongoing projects plus the pipeline of new growth projects that have started. 
Sumit Kishore: 
In continuation when you mentioned that the net debt to pro forma is 5x, so in terms of your 
comment regarding the pacing of growth in all circumstances, you would keep below the 5.5x 
net debt to pro forma EBITDA is the understanding we have. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
That is the endeavor, Sumit. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay, so there could be temporary overshoots that could happen without you needing to raise 
equity should we read it that way? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So it's like this Sumit, as has been a track record and as seasoned trackers of the sector like 
yourselves know that project progress particularly in the infrastructure space including the power 
sector, there are too many non-controllable factors and there could be times when there could be 
some bunching together of projects. But more importantly is this that wherever you are allocating 
capital, are they inherently at returns more than your cost of capital? And from a leverage profile 
point of view, rating agencies tend to have a slightly through the cycle view because they also 
factor in that the capital work in progress, is that returns accretive or is that returns dilutive? So 
a lot of factors go into that, so may not be able to give a precise answer, but just wanted to give 
you a sense of how to think about it. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Fair enough. Just the second question is on projects like Salboni, are, you know, so the renewable 
pipeline that you have, you could pretty much start executing or you would already have started 
executing the projects where PPAs are done. But for new project starts like Salboni or KSK 
expansion, I mean, how are you thinking in terms of the pace of deploying capital? 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See Sumit, if we talk of Salboni here also, the PPA has already been signed. There is a timeline 
in the PPA., Which normally is about 48 months to 60 months' time period as per the PPA. So 
we will be spreading and of course, as Pritesh earlier said, that initial 1 or 2 years, which is more 
of a ground work, preparatory work is there. It is more back-ended. So it is being planned. It 
cannot be just equally distributed in years. It is more it will be back-ended. So that is what 
Salboni has been planned. Again, the PPA has been signed. Regarding KSK, as we have 
informed earlier also, that the three units which are already operating and the balance of plant 
which is fully ready for full 3,600 megawatt, so and in a one unit which is the fourth unit to 
commission, 40% of that work also is complete. So that is at a very low cost that can be 
commissioned. And as the things progress beyond fourth unit, fifth and sixth unit also will be 
accordingly planned. In my opening remarks also, they said that many states are now coming 
forward to meet their base demand for thermal requirements are coming in, so that gives a very 
unique opportunity for us to execute the project in a very short time as compared to the standard 
time which a greenfield thermal power plant takes for KSK. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So basically the low cost should be interpreted as what, would it be Rs. 5- Rs. 6 crore per 
megawatt for bringing up that third unit? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, it's difficult to quantify exactly. But yes, as I told you, that whatever the benchmark 
numbers, maybe you are aware of setting up a greenfield project, assuming that fourth unit is 
40% ready, balance of plant for entire 3,600 is ready, so it can be estimated that it will be 
significantly lower than the normal benchmark cost for a greenfield thermal plant. 
Sumit Kishore: 
That is very clear. Just the last point on other income for the quarter, it's up 149% to some Rs. 
3.1 billion. So was that basically treasury income for the acquisitions that you were about to 
make? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Yes, there were two primary components to that, Sumit. There was a deferred consideration 
payable that was for one of the prior acquisitions of Mytrah which was subject to certain 
conditions subsequent and there was a write back of that provision because that didn't have to 
be paid out. And the second is a treasury income gain as you rightly said because of the high 
cash and liquidity that we carried on the books. 
Sumit Kishore: 
How much was the write back for Mytrah roughly? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
I think that was roughly about close to ballpark about Rs. 100 crores. 
Sumit Kishore: 
I have more questions, but I will get back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Baranidhar from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Bharanidhar: 
Good evening. So just wanted to get a sense on the Salboni project as to its readiness with respect 
to environment clearance, forest clearance? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
These all are under process. There is already at the similar location, this one cement plant is 
running. So I think those all clearances are under process. So we don't see that as a challenge. 
Bharanidhar: 
Okay. Second question is on the under-construction portfolio of around 12 gigawatts. Of this, 
especially when it comes to renewables, what percentage has land, what percentage has CTO 
approved or awarded transmission capacity? Because you mentioned it has PPAs, but the other 
two things, like land and transmission, you can mention? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So we have also talked about this in the past but just to refresh the memory that typically what 
happens is the way we approach any project execution is you cannot wait for 100% of the land 
before doing the groundbreaking because you also have to meet the PPA timeline commitments. 
So typically, you either already have a control about a significant percentage of the land and you 
have a line of sight or a visibility of being able to get to the finish line on as you go basis, right? 
So that is one. Second is, on the connectivity side for the projects that we need to deliver in the 
immediate term. We already have connectivity or we are in very advanced stages of securing 
connectivity. The other thing I would like to add is this that when we were acquiring O2, we had 
also talked about the fact that O2 does not only have 100% of the connectivity that it needs for 
its own platform, but it also has some excess connectivity. So we are planning projects in such 
a way that from a synergy point of view, some of that excess connectivity that O2 has, we will 
be utilizing for our own projects because now everything is JSW, right? So it's a combination of 
these two things which gives us a high degree of confidence in being able to commit to certain 
capacity targets in a certain timeline. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
And also to add, which we have to reiterate again, which we said earlier, for maybe next two 
years, whatever projects under construction to be executed, we all know that there is a challenge 
in terms of getting the CTU connectivity, which in general the industry is facing. So we as a 
strategy, the PPAs which were signed and within the same states we have found the areas which 
are suitable whether it is a wind or solar. So we have reduced our dependence for next two years 
on CTU connectivity and within the state the STU connectivity availability is something which 
as Pritesh said that majority of the projects we have the connectivity in place or at a very very 
advanced stage. So that strategy has really helped us in ensuring that we will be in a position to 
execute the project within the PPA timelines. 
Bharanidhar: 
Okay, sure. My final question is if you have any estimate of peak debt that would be in your 
balance sheet in between FY2026 to  FY2030, what could be that number? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
We unfortunately don't think that is the right way to think about it because what is more 
significant for us is that whatever projects you are implementing at a certain tariff and at a certain 
capital cost or a project cost are they returns accretive or not. If they are all meeting your hurdle 
rate of say a mid-teen equity IRR then the debt is serviceable right? So therefore what is more 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
important and appropriate in our view to track is the leverage ratio. And more importantly to get 
into the mechanics of this is your debt service coverage ratio. So as long as one is comfortable 
on that side, one can take calls on a going basis. 
Bharanidhar: 
Sure, okay. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abhishek from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek: 
Hi, thank you so much for the opportunity. Just on the renewables capacity side, my 
understanding is some of the capacities were facing some land acquisition and right of way 
issues, especially for some of the wind projects. So are those getting resolved now and is there 
a timeline on some of those capacities? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, Abhishek, as we said that we have commissioned and we have demonstrated 
commissioning of fresh 1.3 gigawatt of wind capacity, which faces the maximum challenge in 
terms of the ROW issues and implementation issues, which is almost one third of the country's 
capacity addition which has taken place. So we have been successfully able to overcome those 
challenges and the proper mechanisms are in place. And going forward also the projects which 
are under construction, we are at a very advanced stage of the ROW issues. And the project 
execution planning is done in such a way that these are within the timeline with solving these 
issues take place. So this is a continuous process. We know the way the things happen in the 
country. But yes, this is something which is being monitored very, very closely. And we don't 
see that as a bottleneck in not meeting the timelines within the PPA in which we have to execute 
the project. 
Abhishek: 
Fair enough. Second question is while there is a good 5 year out target of 30 gigawatt, is it 
possible to give us some sort of a capacity bridge like say by, I am saying let's ignore KSK and 
O2 power for now. So is it possible to give us a number for say end FY '26 and FY' 27 just on 
the organic side if you could capacity -- 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, as we say that from, we are talking it is 12.2 gigawatts operating portfolio and the projects 
which are in pipeline and to be executed within the PPA timelines, you can assume that beyond 
12.2 gigawatt, maybe 3-3.5 gigawatt of capacity addition, around 3.5 gigawatt of capacity 
addition in a year ensures us to meet and deliver the projects on time. So you can just maybe 
estimate what is execution going forward. 
Abhishek: 
Okay, fair enough. Just one last question from me. I mean, your hands are really full right now 
in terms of lots of projects and so does it mean going forward you are going to be more selective 
with respect to SECI tenders and is there a specific capacity, you know, category like we'll do 
more of FDRE or hybrid or any thoughts on those? 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, as we have you rightly said that maybe meeting the 30 gigawatt by 2030 the pipeline which 
we have take care of that. But, this also gives us to be selective in going forward in participating 
in the upcoming bids. And as have we have been maintaining that any opportunity which comes, 
which is written accretive to our shareholders, to us is what we are going to look and we will 
ensure that our benchmark returns are protected, keeping those things in mind only we will be 
going forward, we'll be participating in the bids. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Abhishek, I may want to add, I am too tempted. I want to believe we have always been selective. 
It is not that something has changed now and hence selective. Let's not forget that India has seen 
in the last four years tendering in excess of 130-140 gigawatt. But we have gone ahead and 
secured a pipeline of barely 7 to 8 gigawatt, right? So we have been very selective. And we will 
continue to be so. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. Fair enough. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aniket Mittal from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. My first question actually is pertaining to wind. Aside of the 
execution related issues, generally wind PLF over the past few years have also been a bit 
depressed. So just wanted to understand your thoughts on that, like in terms of building sort of 
wind PLF in your assumptions, are you recalibrating that version of PLF are you assuming going 
forward? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, Aniket, a very important question, is a part of DNA within our organization. See, whenever 
we are planning to participate in a bid and the modeling is being done for the right tariff, we 
have always been very conservative in terms of the assumptions, like the industry in general we 
have seen in case of wind has operated at P75 but for us the benchmark is P90 which gives us 
enough room for such kind of deviations when we have seen the last year also that the wind 
speeds comparatively were lesser than what was anticipated, so we take care lot of assumptions 
in such a way that even if these things go wrong our benchmark returns are protected and we 
don't go wrong when we are executing and when the project is operational. 
Aniket Mittal: 
What would that P90 number be sir? The P90 PLF number that you are…? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
P90 number depends on lot of other factors. P90 helps in the assumption or the probability of 
going wrong in simple terms. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
If I may come in here. See, so there are 2-3 factors that go in. One is the location, particular 
location. Second is the type of equipment that you plan to utilize there. And what is the rating 
of that equipment and what are the efficiency factors, etc. So it's not a one size fits all that one 
P90 will work at all locations regardless of which equipment you use. And hence ultimately 
what works for us effectively is the LCOE number right instead of P90 that what is the levelized 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
cost of energy that one is likely to achieve at a particular location for a given configuration 
machine. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Okay, fair. The other question was just to understand on the interest cost. In the press release, 
that you mentioned that the weighted average cost of debt has gone up to about 9.01%. So just 
to understand that, what's the average cost of borrowing that you look at now in terms of 
financing these projects, both at the project level and holdco level? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So, it's a mix of things, Aniket, you know, so what has happened is that, for KSK acquisition we 
drew down on a long term debt which was priced at a certain level, assuming a triple B credit 
rating profile. We have achieved a higher than that. And hence, when we report in June quarter, 
you will see this number coming down because that number has already inched down because 
the credit rating is better than the base case at which it was priced. So that is one. Second is what 
is going to happen is that there is a substantial amount of our borrowings, particularly on the 
project financing debt, which is typically linked to a bank reference rate, a bank MCLR, plus a 
spread. So therefore, depending on how the interest rate environment moves out and all signs 
seem to be a more benign rate curve trajectory going forward, there will be an impact of that. 
The third factor that comes in also is the timing when your resets happen, because typically while 
these are long-term facilities, no bank wants a ALM mismatch and effectively these are floaters 
right, which have annual resets. So periodically based on when you drew down the first facility, 
there's going be an annual reset that will happen quarter-to-quarter. So it's a combination of all 
these things which ultimately reflects on this chart here. Then second is this depending on the 
type of capital pool you are targeting, these costs can be numbered. So for example, if you want 
to do a a three year issuances and assume the rollover refinancing risk, the number can be much 
finer. What we choose to do is to ensure that for all the projects which are backed by PPA, you're 
doing a long tenor non-recourse project financing, right? So it's a combination of all that from 
institution-to-institution, bank-to-bank, that number will vary. But largely, 8% to 9%, that is the 
range typically at which you can get a long tenor project financing facility today. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Thank you. I will join back in the queue for any questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Darsh Solanki from Axis Securities. Please go ahead. 
Darsh Solanki: 
Yes, thank you for this opportunity. Sir, my first question is more of clarification in nature, so 
post the acquisition of KSK Mahanadi and O2 Power is completed, so going forward, these two 
companies will get consolidated in our company, right, for our modeling purpose? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Yes. surely. I mean, KSK is already done. O2 you will see when we report the June quarter 
results because that transaction got consummated only in the month of April. 
Darsh Solanki: 
Understood. Sir, actually my second question was regarding O2 only. So O2 in the press release 
I understand that we expect that by June 25 around 2.2 gigawatt of capacities expected to be 
operational. So can we have like a split of just 2,259 megawatts in solar, wind and hybrid? 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, presently we acquired this asset operating capacity of 1,343 megawatt out of which 271 
megawatt of wind and balance is all solar. And during the quarter may be another addition of 
about 500 megawatt which will happen which takes it to about close to 1.9 gigawatt and balance 
because of the connectivity and various issues we will see in the coming quarter. 
Darsh Solanki: 
Understood. And that would be mainly solar only, right? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes. Fresh capacity addition to reach 1.9 is 100% solar. 
Darsh Solanki: 
Understood. And balance just if you can share, if still 2.2 gigawatt would also be solar or we 
will plan wind energy? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes. Up to 2.2 everything is solar. Understood. 
Darsh Solanki: 
That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from UTI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Thank you, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, recently we were also thinking of having solar 
manufacturing plants. It is not included in the Strategy 3.0. Can we expect that it is dropped for 
now? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
No, if you see, we have kept this in abeyance. The reason is if we see that we all are aware the 
way the capacity, the module capacities have got added in India, which is close to 100 gigawatt. 
So we did the evaluation and we found basically the objective for us to go for manufacturing 
was for supply chain de-risking. That scenario has changed and we don't see right now of the 
module availability at the right price as a challenge. So we will be watchful on that. We'll not 
say that we have dropped, but we have kept in abeyance. As and when we feel the need, we will 
be going ahead. if immediately for the current fiscal, we are not going ahead with this. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
So sir, this is likely BESS capacity, can you just tell us how much was the CAPEX done? And 
if a significant portion of it is done, are we also looking at using it for say merchant market, 
tapping the night and day arbitrage available? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
This happened, the timing was such that we have not done any significant CAPEX. It remains 
in single digits only. So right now we have not done anything significant in this. Maybe single 
digit when I am saying it means maybe around 10 crores or below. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
But the project was supposed to get commissioned in March 25 and it was cancelled. It stayed 
in abeyance just 4 months prior to it. Still the capital is only Rs. 10 crores? 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, we had planned in such a way to commission that in 4 months' time. That was not a 
challenge at all because the preparatory groundwork, the way this amount which has been 
already invested was done judiciously that as and when the clarity comes because in that time 
also the regulatory approvals were pending to the PPAs were signed. And the batteries what we 
had ordered we have enough other projects also which we have in which is captive requirements 
of energy storage as well as other bids which we have won to the same batteries are being used 
at for other locations. So we don't see any challenge except ordering, yes you are right, we had 
ordered but this is being used in alternate projects. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay. And sir can you just give us a timeline as to what will be the commissioning trend for the 
rest of the 1.9 gigawatt hours of project? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, again, as I said that the implementation which we have made for energy storage, we have 
been talking about energy storage as we said in our strategy 3.0, we are maintaining 40 gigawatt 
hour, which is part of energy storage. So balance 1.9 gigawatt, the PPAs which are signed, we 
will be executing and this is a short lead time. So we will be doing total, we have another five 
projects which are there other than this one gigawatt. We will be executing as per the PPA 
timelines, which normally is 18 months. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Thank you, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Yes, thank you so much. Is it possible to share the run rate EBITDA for the renewable capacities 
as of March end for the renewable, I mean, ex hydro and also if possible the gross block that 
you invested. Run rate EBITDA or run rate revenue is also fine; however, what is comfortable? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So, Dhruv, we don't do that. The run rate EBITDA. But you will be able to, you know you have 
the…and the IR team will be able to help you. You have the details of all the RE projects you 
know and you have the tariffs because all of them have been won  through an auction mechanism 
it's a public number. So you will be able to generate that. We don't give run rate EBITDA. So 
that will not be able to do. From a gross block point of view, you will have to wait for some time 
because based on the size and significant developments that have happened we should be in a 
position in some time to upload once the annual reports are completed, we will be able to upload 
the annual reports of all the entities and this year we are also going to be publishing JSW Neo's 
consolidated numbers including the balance sheet cash flow. So that's based on popular demand. 
So therefore... 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So one more popular demand probably is the run rate EBITDA because that's a very good metric 
or revenue, is a good metric for us to monitor because individual projects, we have many hybrid 
projects too. So monitoring or gauging it from individual projects becomes extremely difficult. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
So run rate EBITDA probably is an industry standard. If as a suggestion, if you can please adopt 
it also. Great, thank you so much for your time. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
We will surely take that under advisement, Dhruv. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Bhinde with Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Bhinde: 
Hello sir. I just wanted to understand the impact that you had on from the wind speeds on your 
acquired portfolio because as I recollect on Mytrah you were guiding around Rs. 600 crores of 
EBITDA and that's pretty lower now including the new acquisitions as well. And any measures 
that you are taking on that EBITDA now? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, see one measure which we are taking, yes, it is slightly lower. Wind speed impact is there 
on those assets. When we have said we have to assume that there are assets which ranges from 
maybe 650 kilowatt or 850 kilowatt to maybe 2.7 gigawatt or 2 gigawatt. This is the range of the 
turbines which are there which all was evaluated and considered while valuing the asset. But 
yes, wind speeds have had an impact there. But yes, what we are now, our operations and 
maintenance team is working on, apart from the availability, which we have been successful in 
increasing the availability, which used to be 96%, 97% to 99% availability, which we have ended 
with, is the efficiencies of the machines which are running.  That also is important, even when 
the wind is there, whether the machines are running efficiently, that evaluation is in progress. 
Also there were some contracts which were medium term operations and maintenance contracts 
which were signed with the suppliers. Some of them we have canceled and we have taken into 
during the previous year, at various stages we have taken into our own control Self-O&M. So 
that also will definitely result in significant savings in the operation and maintenance cost and 
also the O&M contracts which are prevailing which was for medium terms we have been 
successful in negotiating those contracts in our favor. So all those things we will definitely see 
in the current fiscal. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
But if I may add to that, Amit, I would like to add to what Sharad said, so I just put it slightly 
differently. Whatever Sharad has said is 100% correct. Look in any initiative, there are 
controllable factors and there are non-controllable factors. What one can definitely try and 
endeavor to do is that whatever are the controllable factors that Sharad talked about in terms of 
ensuring that your machine availability is up, ensuring that the focus on O&M cost reduction 
and getting more efficiencies out. So we are definitely at it, right. Now wind speed is something 
which unfortunately is not a controllable factor. But however, this is not a company specific 
thing right. So there are two things one is that obviously when one does run these kind of 
processes one looks at a longer-term horizon. Right, so we will be watching out closely and as 
Sharad said, whatever can be done to salvage that aspect and ultimately the bottom-line is this, 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
that you know, there has to be a certain amount of risk appetite in running any enterprise and 
these are inherent risks that one has to live with. 
Amit Bhinde: 
And the second one that I wanted to understand is regarding your wind manufacturing plan that 
you had. So what is the progress on that and what is the sourcing strategy at the moment? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, see in terms of wind manufacturing I'll just like to tell as we have said earlier we had signed 
the technology license agreement with Sany and they have their facilities in India,  in Pune from 
Now all the suppliers are going to come from Pune, which is going to start sometime in Quarter 
2 and apart from that to further de-risk and optimize in terms of both cost and deliveries we are 
setting up our two blade manufacturing units, our own for our captive requirements, which will 
be in the current year only. Both the units of blade manufacturing also will get commissioned. 
So these are the two steps on the manufacturing front in the wind side we have taken. 
Amit Bhinde: 
Alright, got that. That was helpful, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mahesh Patil from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Mahesh Patil: 
Yes, hi sir. Sir, my first question is on the O2 Power. So at the time of acquisition, you had 
mentioned that around 2.3-2.4 gigawatt should be operational by June 25. So do we have any 
revised timeline for that capacity? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, Mahesh, as I said that when we acquired the portfolio, the operating capacity was 1.34 
gigawatt. And the balance work, which is in progress, so by quarter end we are expecting close 
to 1.9 gigawatt operational capacity and about 300 megawatt of solar which is spilling over in 
Quarter 2. That is the only minor change which is there. We had said 2.2 gigawatt operational 
by end Q1 which will may spillover about small 300 megawatt to maybe in Quarter 2. 
Mahesh Patil: 
My question is regarding the sourcing part. As you have mentioned that you are setting up the 
blade manufacturing unit, right? So given the revised guidelines on the domestic, increase 
content of domestic manufacturing for wind as well, any challenges in terms of sourcing for both 
solar and wind equipment for the upcoming projects? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
No, solar as I said earlier also that enough capacity in India is there and at a very, very 
competitive price. So we don't see any challenge and we have already been procuring now 
modules locally for our ongoing projects. So we don't see as a challenge because close to 100 
gigawatt of solar capacity or the module manufacturing capacity is already in place in India. 
Regarding the blade manufacturing, I said that of course there is a draft regulation of made in 
India where in some portion you can import, after that you have to be on domestic. So these 
actions of ours in the current year when we will be commissioning our two blade manufacturing 
facilities will take care of our total capacity addition plan. So we don't see these things as a 
challenge for us. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Mahesh Patil: 
Okay. And sir my last question is on the pipeline. So we have a robust pipeline, right? So going 
forward, what would be the bidding strategy? Are you looking for something like more of solar 
or hybrid or FDRE? Any view on that? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, as I said earlier also to one of the questions, we have good pipeline in place and the 
opportunity size is so big now that we will be selective and everything as mentioned. If you go 
to the presentation slide #24, you will get all the details. But as a strategy, we will be definitely 
be selective ensuring that if the opportunity which is coming in is meeting within our strategy 
3.0 to reach 30 gigawatt we have the entire pipeline in place but we will be selective and going 
forward wherever we are seeing that it is return-accretive meeting our benchmark returns we 
will be participating. But yes presently we will be focusing on our execution of the pipeline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our question is from the line of Anuj Upadhyay from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. I just want to get a sense on how our cash flows are placed to 
fund this Rs. 130,000 crores of CAPEX over the next five years. What my sense says is the 
extended KSK capacity and the Salboni will only come by FY'29 or '30. Because it has an 
execution time period of 4 to 5 years. And this would require a combined CAPEX of the tune of 
close to around 30,000 crores to 35,000 crores. So the balanced Rs. 90,000 crores which is 
largely targeted towards the renewable capacity generally has an executable time period of say 
2-2.5 years kind of a time period. So just to get a sense on what sort of CAPEX because you 
added the next year CAPEX could be to the tune of 15,000 crores to 18,000 crores but over 
FY'27 or '28, can we see a bulk of 25 plus kind of a run rate of CAPEX happening in the country 
at company level? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, maybe I'll just say a few things on the numbers what you just said and then maybe on the 
cash flow Pritesh will let you know. As I said that these are all projects which is maybe 4 to 5 
years period and more back-ended investment which is there and the numbers for these two KSK 
and Salboni West Bengal project what you said, that is a significantly higher number as I said 
earlier. The 1,800-megawatt capacity we have to execute in maybe by FY'30, this will be at a 
much-much lower cost than what the normal greenfield project is. So the cost will be 
significantly lower for this entire 1.6 gigawatt of West Bengal and 1.8 gigawatt of KSK, which 
is total 3.4 gigawatt, will not be in the tune of the numbers what you have just said. It will be 
significantly lower, one. And in terms of cash flow with the new capacities coming in over a 
period, how it is going to help, maybe Pritesh will just tell you. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Anuj, I'll just kind of try and repeat in a slightly different way what I said some time back. 
All growth aspirations, funding of those growth aspirations has to be calibrated with respect to 
your spending ability and at the same time on the other hand managing that your leverage profile 
is in check. So we will be operating between these two guardrails. So from time-to-time, there 
was another question earlier, there could be some bunching temporarily, but largely that is the 
endeavor. So I would not like to get into specifics because that would not be appropriate. But 
what is, we can definitely kind of talk about is that for the current year, we are talking about a 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Rs. 15,.000 crores to Rs. 18,000 crores capital spending plan. And then it will be calibrated 
subsequent to that. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Okay, fine. And next on the Vijayanagar, now the plant has been completely tied up, can we 
provide some kind of sustainable ROE or what P&L the plant would run that would be helpful. 
I believe. The plant have a regulated or equity contribution of close to around 1,300-1,400 odd 
crores. So can we provide some sense on what kind of ROE it would be making on the captive 
arrangement? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Anuj, on Vijayanagar obviously the tie-up is on CERC norms. But what I would also want 
to highlight and this is important is this that this is a 5-year tie-up. The tie up is for 5 years 
because JSW steel also has decarbonization aspirations for which they also eventually want to 
switch over into more and more RE, right? So therefore with that in mind this has been done for 
five years rest of the things are arithmetic. You guys are very good in doing that, so I would not 
like to comment on that. But this is how you should look at it. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Thank you. That is helpful. Wish you good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Yes, sir my question was actually on the lines of the last participant. So on the thermal PPAs, 
we are seeing a much shorter duration of five years now. Is that the trend going forward? And 
since you've locked in a lot of new coal-based capacity, is that going to be a challenge in the 
future in terms of the coal-based capacity? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Rajesh, would beg to differ. I mean, PPAs are not for short duration. I mean, if you look at 
what UP did, what Maharashtra did, what West Bengal did, what Karnataka has called for, these 
are all 25-year bids. What I was explaining was this Vijayanagar 860 megawatt that has been 
tied up, that has been tied up for 5 years, with JSW Steel, not with fiscal trend is 5-years. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So the long-term PPAs still exist for the larger... ? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, 25 years and the pumped storage is all for 40 years which are the PPAs which are coming 
in. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay, that's useful. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. As there are no further 
questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, thank you everyone for being with us today. And if anyone else has any query or any other 
questions, I request you to please approach our IR team. You will get a suitable reply if there are 
any other questions which remain unanswered today. Thank you very much. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Thank you. Thank you very much and good night, everyone. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Good night. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of JSW Energy Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
