 
 
 
 
 
 
WEL/SEC/2025 
May 22, 2025 
 
To,  
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department,  
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda 
Building, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001.  
Scrip Code: 532553  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-
G, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051.  
NSE Symbol: WELENT  
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript for the Earnings Call held on Friday, May 16, 
2025, on the Audited Financial Results of the Company, for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2025.  
 
The said transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed through 
the following link: 
 
Link for Transcript of the Earnings Call 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
Nidhi Tanna 
Company Secretary 
ACS-30465 
 
Encl. As Above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NIDHI 
MANAS 
TANNA
Digitally signed 
by NIDHI MANAS 
TANNA 
Date: 2025.05.22 
15:24:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Welspun Enterprises Limited 
Q4 & FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SALIL BAWA – GROUP HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – WELSPUN WORLD 
 
MR. SANDEEP GARG – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
WELSPUN ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
 
MR. SAURIN PATEL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
WELSPUN MICHIGAN ENGINEERS LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHISHEK CHAUDHARY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – WELSPUN ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
 
MR. LALIT JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
WELSPUN ENTERPRISE LIMITED 
 
MS. SANGEETA TRIPATHI – LEAD INVESTOR 
RELATION – WELSPUN ENTERPRISE LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PARTH THAKKAR – JM FINANCIAL 
INSTITUTIONAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Welspun Enterprises 4Q and FY '25 
Conference Call, hosted by JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parth Thakkar from JM Financial Institutional Securities 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Parth Thakkar: 
Thank you, Navya. On behalf of JM Financial, I welcome everybody to Q4 and FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Welspun Enterprises Limited. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Salil Bawa, Group Head, Investor Relations of Welspun 
World. Over to you, sir. 
Salil Bawa: 
Thank you, Parth. Good afternoon to all of you. On behalf of Welspun Enterprises Limited, I 
welcome all of you to the Q4 FY '25 and full-year earnings call. Along with me today, I have 
Mr. Sandeep Garg, Managing Director, Welspun Enterprises; Mr. Saurin Patel, Managing 
Director, Welspun Michigan Engineers Limited; Mr. Abhishek Chaudhary, Chief Executive 
Officer, Welspun Enterprises Limited; Lalit Jain, CFO, Welspun Enterprises Limited; and 
Sangeeta, who leads Investor Relations for Welspun Enterprises. 
 
We hope you have had a chance to review the presentation and the press release, which was 
uploaded on the exchanges yesterday. This presentation and press release is also available on 
the company's website. During the discussion, we may be making references to this presentation. 
Please do take a moment to review the safe harbor statement in our presentation. 
 
As usual, we will start the forum with the opening remarks by our leadership team, and then, 
we'll open the floor for your questions. Once the call gets over, should you have any further 
queries that remain unanswered, please feel free to reach out to any one of us. 
 
With that, I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Sandeep Garg, Managing Director, 
Welspun Enterprises. Over to you, Mr. Garg. 
Sandeep Garg: 
Thank you, Salil. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Welcome to 
Welspun Enterprises Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to thank all the 
attendees for their presence. I'm pleased to report a strong performance for FY '25, exceeding 
our guidance. 
 
Our consolidated revenues grew by 25% year-on-year against our guidance of 15% to 20% 
growth, thus reaching INR3,584 crores. The EBITDA increased by 18% to INR730 crores 
against our guidance of INR700 crores. 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
Our subsidiary, Welspun Michigan Engineers Limited, or WMEL, also recorded impressive 
results with revenues of INR667 crores, a 62% increase over the previous year. Mr. Saurin Patel, 
Managing Director of WMEL, will share deeper insights into the subsidiary's performance 
during his opening remarks. 
 
On a standalone basis, we continue to maintain a healthy cash reserve of INR1,061 crores with 
0 debt, which positions us for strong -- which positions us strongly to pursue our future growth 
initiatives. Mr. Lalit Jain, our CFO, will provide a detailed overview of our financial 
performance shortly. 
 
Let me now provide an update on our key projects. Further to this, Mr. Saurin Patel will provide 
deeper insights in our water initiatives. Aunta-Simaria Road Project, the 8.5 kilometer bridge 
project is almost complete, and provisional completion certificate, PCOD is expected before the 
end of this month. 
 
Just to recall, it is India's widest extradosed cable-stayed road bridge with 34-meter-wide deck 
and widest span being 115 meters. It bridges 1.8 kilometers over the river Ganga. It will connect 
Patna and Begusarai, thus reducing the travel time by over 1 hour. It is a symbol of innovation, 
resilience and an engineering marvel. 
 
Next, I would want to talk about Mukarba Chowk-Panipat, or MCP project. We expect to receive 
the completion certificate within this quarter. And following that, we will proceed with the 
transfer of our balance 51% stake in the project to Actis on our pre-agreed terms. 
 
In line with our asset-light  strategy, we will be monetizing these assets during this year -- or I 
would say we would be attempting to monetize these assets during this year. Varanasi-
Aurangabad, VARP, the project is advancing steadily and would be completed by this calendar 
year. 
 
SNRP, Sattanathapuram-Nagapattinam Road project. This project has achieved over 60% 
physical progress and is on track to receive PCOD in this calendar year. Our journey at Welspun 
Enterprise has been truly transformative. While we began as a traditional road infrastructure 
player, we strategically diversified into the water sector 7 years ago, and initiative today accounts 
for nearly 85% of our current order book. 
 
To strengthen our capabilities in specialized infrastructure, particularly in niche area of 
tunneling, we have increased our stake to 60% during the year in Michigan Engineers, which 
has been rebranded as Welspun Michigan Engineers, WMEL. 
 
With this move, Welspun Enterprises has evolved into a differentiated company entering highly 
promising and technically advanced segments. Looking ahead, we envision Welspun Enterprise 
as a technology-led leader in water sector with our strategy anchored around 4 pillars: 
transmission, treatment, bulk distribution and operation and maintenance services. 
 
With WMEL as our innovation and technology hub, we are integrating advanced solutions like 
Smart Ops to enhance project efficiency and environmental impact. Through these synergies, 
we are poised to redefine sustainable water management across India. 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
On the oil and gas side, we have signed an agreement for a block in special DSF round for C-
37, a small block adjacent to our existing blocks and are at various stages of discussions for the 
evacuation of gas. Once the evacuation arrangements for the cluster development are in place, 
we shall be in a position to come out with a final strategy. 
 
Moving on to our order book. I'm pleased to share that our consolidated order book stands at 
INR14,300 crores. Of this, approximately INR10,700 crores is contributed by our Water 
segment, which includes operation and maintenance of INR4,400 crores and around INR1,950 
crores from tunneling vertical. And the transportation vertical sector stands at the remaining 
approximately INR1,600 crores. 
 
We maintain a strong outlook on future bidding across all our core verticals and at the subsidiary 
level. We have proactively identified robust opportunities in areas, including bulk water trans -
- supply, sewage treatment plant solutions, water transmission and irrigations, canals, 
desalination and selective road and water BOT projects commanding higher margins. 
 
Given the depth of these opportunities and our strategic positioning, I'm confident that we will -
- we are well on track to close the current fiscal with a consolidated unexecuted order book of 
over INR20,000 crores. 
 
Talking about awards and recognition, WEL and WMEL have consistently pushed boundaries, 
setting new benchmarks in quality and execution with unwavering commitment to excellence, 
innovation and transformative impact on the industry. I would want to make a special mention 
for the recognitions that we have got of -- that of Mr. S. Madhavan, Lead Independent Director, 
WEL, who has been recognized as the Best Independent Director for 2023, '24 by Asian Center 
for Corporate Governance and Sustainability. 
 
As already mentioned last time that as a part of our commitment to sustainable development, we 
unveiled our inaugural sustainability report themed Transforming Infrastructure and Advancing 
Sustainability. We institutionalized ESG governance through the executive sustainability 
strategy and initiated ESG roadmap rollout plan. 
 
In acknowledgment, WEL secured 2 ESG awards at Suryacon Awards 2025 for excellence in 
carbon emission reduction and water circularity and women leadership and sustainable sector. 
As we strategically pivot towards the high-margin water infrastructure segment, we remain 
confident in our trajectory for robust and sustainable growth. 
 
Coming to the FY '26 guidance, we reiterate our Investor Day and subsequent Q3 FY '25 
communication. We are confident of achieving 15% to 20% year-on-year growth in consolidated 
topline revenues for FY '26. Importantly, over 90% of this revenue is already secured in our 
current order book, underscoring the visibility, strength and execution certainty embedded in 
our pipeline. 
 
While the overall revenue growth outlook remains strong, execution of FY '26 will be back-
ended. Both Bhandup Water Treatment Project and Dharavi Ghatkopar Tunnel projects are at 
various stages of pre-implementation activities and expected to gain physical momentum post-

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
monsoon. Thus, approximately 60% of the revenues are expected in the H2 compared to a more 
even split in FY '25. 
 
With a clear execution roadmap and better project financials, we are targeting consolidated 
EBITDA growth of approximately 20% plus in FY '26, reflecting the improving margin profile. 
Our return on capital employed will hence improve to above 15%, excluding monetization gains. 
 
With planned monetization events, as I spoke about Aunta-Simaria and MCP, we foresee the 
ROCE to be significantly higher in FY '26. We remain confident that our strategic focus backed 
by a robust order book, disciplined execution and a targeted shift to high-return segments will 
continue to drive long-term value creation for our stakeholders. 
 
With these words, I would want to transfer the call to Mr. Saurin Patel. Saurin, over to you. 
Saurin Patel: 
Thank you, Sandeep, and good afternoon, everyone. At Welspun Enterprises, we are 
strengthening our position in the water infrastructure sector by focusing on delivering resilient, 
scalable and sustainable solutions powered by technology. We are strategically expanding our 
capabilities across high-growth, high-impact areas such as tunneling, desalination, irrigation and 
large-scale water delivery systems. 
 
These sectors are not just poised for strong growth, they are also essential for enabling 
sustainable development and unlocking significant returns. By aligning our technical expertise 
with emerging public policy, cutting-edge technology and private investment, we are positioning 
Welspun to drive accretive returns over the long term, ensuring both sustainable growth and 
transformative value creation for our investors. 
 
Having talked about our strategy, now I'm pleased to take you through the latest developments 
in our water vertical, along with our strategic roadmap for the future. Let me now take you 
through the key project updates on our water vertical. First, the Dharavi Wastewater Treatment 
facility. The project is progressing steadily. The SBR civil works are now completed up to the 
third basin level and RCC work is going on for the fourth and final level, marking an important 
milestone. 
 
The administrative building has been fully operational for the past 4 months. Piling work for the 
pumping station is well underway. We have reached 16 meters of excavation depth in 50% of 
the designated structure area out of a total planned depth of 30 meters. Key equipment from our 
technology partner for the SBR has already been delivered to the site. We are on track to start 
project commissioning by November 2026, ahead of the schedule. 
 
The Bhandup Water Treatment Facility, I'm pleased to share that we have secured all the critical 
approvals for the Bhandup Water Treatment Facility, including clearances from the forest and 
eco-sensitive zone committees. Site work has commenced and will gain momentum post-
monsoons. 
 
On the UP JJM project, which is a transformative opportunity, the project is on track for 
completion by September 2026. Once completed, it will have a profound impact on the lives of 
over 2,500 villages in UP. 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
Now for an update on our subsidiary, Welspun Michigan Engineers -- Welspun Michigan 
Enterprise Limited, WMEL. For FY '25, WMEL posted revenues of INR668 crores, marking a 
robust 62% growth over FY '24's revenue of INR410 crores. The company has maintained a very 
healthy EBITDA margin of 21% and a ROCE of 29%. 
 
In terms of segment contribution, tunneling, including segmental, micro tunneling and large 
diameter, contributed 62% of our revenue. Rehabilitation of underground structures made up 
17%, followed by bridges and Smart Ops at 5% each and Marine at 3%. As of March 31, 2025, 
WMEL's order book stands at INR2,925 crores, which is nearly 3x our FY '25 revenue, a strong 
indicator of sustained momentum. 
 
Regarding Smart Ops, I'm happy to inform that we successfully completed the Durga Kund 
Renovation Project in Varanasi, UP, in quarter 4 FY '25. Our next project, the Chandrabhaga 
River Project at the Vitthal Mandir in Pandharpur, Maharashtra, will be completed in the coming 
month. 
 
Furthermore, we are retrofitting an existing STP of 15 MLD in Mathura, where the works will 
commence in June 2025. This will open up new avenues for Smart Ops. We look forward to 
building on this progress and continuing to create sustainable, impactful water infrastructure 
solutions. 
 
Thank you once again for your time and interest. Over to you, Lalit. 
Lalit Jain: 
Thank you, Saurin, and good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate your interest in our business and 
the company's performance. I will now take you briefly through our Q4 FY '25 financial results, 
followed by an overview of our full-year performance and segmental updates. 
 
Talking about the Q4 FY '25 consol financial performance, revenue from operation is INR1,021 
crores, up by 24% year-on-year. Our reported EBITDA margin is 19.3% for the quarter 
compared to 18.1% in Q4 FY '24. This margin expansion, coupled with robust top line growth, 
drove a strong 32% year-on-year growth in consol EBITDA, which stood at INR207 crores. 
 
Consequently, the operating leverage led to handsome 36% increase in PAT to INR105 crores. 
For the full fiscal year FY '25, consol performance revenue from operation is INR3,584 crores, 
marking a 25% increase year-on-year, thus demonstrating consistent executions. 
 
EBITDA at INR730 crores beat the full-year guidance of INR700 crores shared with earlier in 
this fiscal year. PAT is INR354 crores, 11% year-on-year growth. Adjusted to a significant one-
off contractor's claim in last financial year in our operating margin, the comparable year-on-year 
PAT growth would be higher at 20%. 
 
For the full fiscal year FY '25 standalone performance, revenue from operation is INR2,827 
crores, marking a 15% increase over FY '24. EBITDA stands at INR455 crores, which is a 4% 
growth against INR439 crores, FY '24. As already explained above, after adjusting one-off claim 
in last year, our growth for the year is 13%. 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
Our balance sheet remains robust. On a standalone basis, net worth stands at INR2,690 crores 
with a net cash position of INR1,061 crores, and consol cash is INR1,155 crores, more than 
enough for future investment in water, EPC capability and capital for high return selective BOT 
project in water and road. 
 
At consol net debt stands at INR145 crores, reflecting the debt taken at HAM SPV level, 
reflecting the strong progress of those projects during the year, as highlighted earlier by Mr. 
Sandeep Garg. 
 
Now turning towards the segmental performance. On consolidated basis, segment-wise revenue 
was as follows for the year. As you can observe, we have pivoted during FY '25, now  water and 
tunnel comprise 55% of revenue share versus 42% last financial year. This trend will further 
continue in the coming years as the company pivots in water-focused innovation and technology 
business. 
 
The higher relative margin in water and tunnel segment reflect in the quarterly results, EBITDA 
margin profile improvements. This also leads to margin improvement for financial year '26 as 
guided by Mr. Sandeep Garg earlier. 
 
Coming to FY '26 revenue guidance, I'm summarizing the guidance given by Mr. Sandeep Garg, 
we expect 15% to 20% consolidated revenue growth in FY '26. With our 90% already secured, 
execution will be H2 heavy driven by project approvals and execution schedule. EBITDA is set 
to grow 20% plus with this ROCE rising above 15%. 
 
Further will be significantly higher on monetization of our road assets. I further guide that our 
standalone balance sheet will continue to be debt free. Our strategic pivot to water infra ensures 
strong sustainable value creation. Thank you. 
Sandeep Garg: 
We can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Vaibhav Shah from JM Financial Limited. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Yes. So you provided the guidance on consol front. Can you provide the same for standalone 
revenue and EBITDA margins for FY '26? 
Sandeep Garg: 
The guidance given for standalone will also be in the ranges of 15% to 20%, both for the 
EBITDA and for the revenue. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
And EBITDA margin would be? 
Sandeep Garg: 
The EBITDA margins will be slightly higher at a standalone level than the current levels. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, we have seen that there has been a good improvement in terms of margins 
in fourth quarter. So what has driven that improvement, both on Y-o-Y and Q-on-Q terms? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So the -- as I said, it's a question of what projects contributed to how much of percentage. As the 
projects mix changes, each project has its own markups, and hence, you will see this 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
improvement as the water projects become more prominent in our contribution to revenue and 
EBITDA. If you were to look at the segmental reporting, you would notice that the segmental 
reporting of water stands at 21% for the FY '25, and we see that trend to continue going forward. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. Sir, have we seen some improvement in terms of payments in UP JJM projects? And what 
would be our outstanding receivables from JJM? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So at this point in time, there is a slight slowdown at -- our payment at UP JJM. However, at a 
vertical level, we are good because all other water projects are getting paid in time or ahead of 
time. Our net block at UP JJM would be somewhere in the close of about INR200 crores. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
You mean net receivables from UP JJM outstanding? 
Sandeep Garg: 
Yes, that's correct. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, what would be our overall bid pipeline, if you can quantify and the mix in 
terms of segments as well? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So we -- segmental mix may be a bit difficult to give, but our guidance to you is that we will be 
taking substantive orders in water. And our target is to be booking orders upwards of INR10,000 
crores in the year for us to meet the guideline of being more than INR20,000 crores unexecuted 
order book at the end of FY '26. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Sir, so by water, you mean that it would be mainly on the treatment side and not on JJM side in 
terms of the incremental inflows? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So we are not likely to participate in any JJM projects at this point in time. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Koustubh Shaha from Wallfort PMS. 
Koustubh Shaha: 
Congrats on the great set of numbers. My question was on the fundraise that the company is 
planning to do of INR1,000 crores. So the major utilization of this would be towards working 
capital for tendering of new projects or it would be towards some capex as well? Just wanted 
some idea on that. 
Sandeep Garg: 
Thank you, Koustubh. This is an enabling authority that we are taking. We see a lot of projects 
being announced in terms of the BOT projects by both NHAI and the states. We also see certain 
projects in water getting -- moving to HAM and BOT space. 
 
So this is just an enabling kind of resolution, which we are seeking should we require funds in 
future and we get orders beyond what we are currently forecasting, then we may use that 
authorization. Otherwise, we don't necessarily see within the current order profile that we will 
need funds to be raised. 
Koustubh Shaha: 
Okay. Great. Second question was on the current year total order intake. Was it all about 
INR4,000-odd crores, if I have done the calculation right? Is that the correct number? 
Sandeep Garg: 
At the consol level, the order intake was in the ranges of INR3,200 crores. 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Koustubh Shaha: 
INR3,200 crores. Okay. Fair enough. And lastly, on the capex side, are we planning any 
incremental capex in the next 1 or 2 years? Or still we continue to be on the asset-light model, 
sorry? 
Sandeep Garg: 
As far as Welspun Enterprise is concerned, there will be no capex. However, for the Welspun 
Michigan, there will be a small amount of capex going forward. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Dheeraj Ram from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Just wanted to know what is the L1 order that we currently have? And also, last quarter, you said 
that you were L1 for close to INR1,850-odd crores. So how much has been converted in 4Q? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So at this point in time, we are not L1 on any of the projects other than what was stated earlier. 
And from the media, we get -- we are made aware that, that project is unlikely to be awarded. 
However, we have no official confirmation from the client. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay. And this receivable under service concession, which has been increasing Y-o-Y, if you 
could throw some light on this? 
Lalit Jain: 
Yes. This is Lalit Jain. This increase, basically, we have 2 projects, one SNRP and another 
Aunta-Simaria project, HAM project. So under that, we have got 50% money from the NHAI, 
and remaining 60%, we'll get under annuity. So this is getting accumulated, and we'll receive 
this money in the next 15 years as annuity. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay, sir. Okay. And just last question on Smart Ops. So we had 3 projects as per last quarter in 
Smart Ops in which one we recently, as sir said, is completed. So how much revenue can we 
expect from Smart Ops for FY '26? And does the Smart Ops have higher margin compared to 
other projects in Welspun Michigan? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So I would let Mr. Saurin Patel answer the question in terms of the Smart Ops. But just to clarify 
that the -- as far as the margins are concerned, the margins will -- at a steady state operation will 
come in about 3-4 years because it is right now in a concept and selling and marketing and 
developmental phase. So we do not expect the margins to be any different than what we are 
currently chugging in the water segment. 
 
And just to brief, Saurin, if you would want to take this question on projects. 
Saurin Patel: 
So yes, the projects that we were doing last year are either successfully completed or well on the 
way to completion. As I explained in my earlier conversation, the Vitthal Temple, Pandharpur, 
will be completed in the coming months. 
 
And Mathura unfortunately, got delayed because the work order from there was delayed due to 
circumstances not in our control, but we've finally gotten the work order. And in the next 60 
days, we are due to deliver that. So yes, projects other than what we had announced last year 
have been completed and handed over. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Got it, sir. And last question, what is the guidance -- growth guidance for WMEL for FY '26? 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Sandeep Garg: 
So as I said, we are expecting the guidance for Welspun Michigan to be -- the revenue to grow 
by about similar numbers as the FY '25. So that would be somewhere around 50% and there 
around. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Parth Thakkar from JM Financial. 
Parth Thakkar: 
So out of our total current order backlog, what would be our executable backlog? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So I think the whole order that we have is executable order book. I think the question is about 
what is the split between the design and build executable versus O&M-related executable. So 
the split is that O&M related, which is going to be long-term revenue generation, is about 
INR4,400 crores and the balance is all design and build operation -- operatable order book. 
Parth Thakkar: 
Okay. And also, would we be looking for participation in PPP projects? 
Sandeep Garg: 
Yes. We surely are looking forward to participating in PPP projects, both on the road as well as 
on the water side. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Vishal Periwal from Antique Stock Broking. 
Vishal Periwal: 
One question on this capex front. So you did mention that we are planning capex for the 
standalone Michigan. Will it be possible to share the number, sir? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So in the coming year, we don't expect any major capex or spend in Welspun Michigan. Sorry, 
and correct me if I'm wrong, it will be in the ranges of INR20 crores to INR30 crores. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. Right. And in terms of investment, I think your press release did mention around INR130 
crores, INR140-odd crores that we'll be putting up in -- I mean, a couple of assets that we have. 
That's a fair number to take, right? 
Sandeep Garg: 
That is primarily into the road HAM projects that we are investing in. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. And the asset monetization that we are planning in the roads that we are planning in FY 
'26 will be in the BOT of roads? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So we are planning asset monetization in FY '26 for 2 road projects. Just to recall, we have 3 
road projects which are open for monetization. MCP or Mukarba Chowk-Panipat, was 
monetized partially earlier on the Actis deal. We have a pre-agreed term to monetize the balance 
51%, which we expect to happen in FY '26. 
 
We are also targeting to monetize the Aunta-Simaria road project, which is likely to get the 
PCOD within this month in this financial year. And thus, we will be left with one more road 
project to be monetized, which is SNRP, which we expect to happen later. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. So in terms of book value of investment, what could be that number for the FY '26 
monetization that we are planning? 
Lalit Jain: 
It will be around INR300 crores. 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. Sure, sir. And in JJM, what is the order book that we have? 
Sandeep Garg: 
The total order book, as we expect of the UP JJM, is about INR2,800 crores. And the unexecuted 
order book will be in the ranges of about INR1,000 crores. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. Sure. And on this revenue that we have booked, roughly like INR3,600-odd crores, what 
could be the O&M part in this revenue, sir? 
Sandeep Garg: 
This practically is very limited, INR2 crores of O&M revenue, which is going to start now as 
the projects get completed. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vaibhav Shah from JM Financial Limited. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Sir, both WEL and WMEL have interest in the water business. So what are our plans to make it 
more efficient? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So we have already started operational efficiencies to kick in. As I had told, Saurin Patel is now 
heading the complete vertical of water irrespective of the corporate wheels. So we are bringing 
in the operational efficiencies as we speak. As far as the corporate structures are concerned, we 
will let you know if there is any development at an appropriate time. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, how is the competitive intensity across the verticals? You mentioned that 
there are now PPP models in water business as well, especially on the HAM side. So how are 
you seeing the competition both in water and rail business? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So I think I would want to just clarify water is our main business. So as I said, we are focused 
on water. So competitive intensity in road is relatively high. In routine water projects, the 
intensity is medium. And in specialized road projects -- specialized water projects, it further 
reduces. However, in terms of BOT, we expect the competitive intensity to remain medium to 
low. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from Discover Capital. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Congratulations on the numbers. Just had a question on your oil and gas. You guys obviously 
have like clocks where, I mean, some of the other players have been able to find reasonable 
reserves. Could you just give us an update on where you guys are on your oil and gas, what the 
plans are and what kind of timing we can expect to see some sort of unlocking in the value from 
your oil and gas assets? 
Sandeep Garg: 
Thank you, Riddhesh. So oil and gas, as you know, is a controlled sector. So there are a lot of 
obligations on the parties under the contract. So we are in the process of our development plans 
to be approved by the government, specifically the evacuation plan, which is critical for the -- 
we know the reserves, we know the -- what the resources can be. 
 
But until and unless the evacuation plans are in place, it is difficult for us to quantify anything. 
We are currently under discussion with the government for defining the evacuation plan. Once 
the evacuation plan is agreed with the government and the third parties, we will be in a position 
to come back to you on -- of our complete plan on oil and gas. 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
However, it is clear to us that all our blocks are going to be developed as a cluster and not as an 
individual block because that's the way all our development plans have been proposed to the 
government. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
And is there any indication both with regards to the timelines to get the evacuation plans in place 
and also any sort of indicative reserves you can give us some insights on to? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So as earlier, I have been maintaining, the reserves in all the 3 blocks put together is initially in 
place in the ranges of 1 TCF. However, evacuation, as you know, the -- how much we can 
produce out of this will be determined upon the complete plan and the formation stability to 
produce. 
 
So all this is part of the developmental plan, and the evacuation routes will determine how much 
of back pressure is required and how much we will be able to extract. So all this, I can only share 
once the developmental plans have been approved by the government. I will request you to wait 
till that time. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Okay. Sir, and the other question is with regards to your -- actually water infrastructure projects, 
which we are bidding on, who do we typically kind of come up heads up against in these bids, 
which we usually do as in like who would be our main competitors who we end up competing 
with? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So I mean, it depends upon -- because we are across many verticals on the water itself, depending 
upon what we are doing, we come out with different competitors. But at a macro level large 
projects, it will be people like L&T, NCC, etc. In a smaller play with -- Saurin, would you like 
to add to what your areas of people who compete with you? 
Saurin Patel: 
Considering, we are in such a specialized area of micro tunneling or rehabilitation or segmental 
tunnels, typically, there are a handful of people. We claim to be the small, big boys, so sometimes 
we compete against the likes of the ITDCs or the MEGAs or the  AFCons s. At other times, for 
smaller projects, we have local competitors like Gypsum, who come across pan-India to compete 
with us. So a few and far in between, but the same faces everywhere. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Sir. And the… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Gandhi, may I request that you return to the question queue for follow-
up questions? There are several other participants waiting their turn. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. 
Raman VK: 
My first question is with respect to the Smart Ops business. So one, what is the market 
opportunity size for the Smart Ops business? And will there be any impact in terms of costing 
due to the UK-India free trade? 
Sandeep Garg: 
Can you repeat the second part of your question? 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Raman VK: 
Sir, will there be any impact on the costing due to the UK-India free trade agreement? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So I don't think that there is any cost impact because of that. Anyway, to tell you what the top 
of the canvas opportunity for Smart Ops is, it is a technology which we are trying to prove across 
all the use cases. We have been able to now demonstrate its utilization in terms of reservoir 
cleanings. 
 
We are on the verge of with the retrofitting at Mathura in a position to say how we can retrofit 
the existing STPs. Based on the outcome of these 2 things will we be able to really truly identify 
what can be done on the wastewater side? We are parallelly also proving the technology on the 
industry side. 
 
And based on that, it will be appropriate for us to share the larger numbers that can pan out. I 
would suggest that we wait for another 6 to 9 months before we get into the details of the annual 
business plan on Smart Ops. 
Raman VK: 
My second question is on the order book side. Sir, one, INR14,300 crores is the current order 
book, what is the execution timeline? And what is the L1 order book? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So as I said earlier, we are not L1 in any of the projects other than the one of INR1,850 crores 
project that we had declared earlier, which from the media report, it is that it is not likely to be 
awarded, but we have not heard from the client as of now. 
 
In terms of your question of -- on the order book, currently, the order book is split into about 
INR12,000-odd crores -- INR12,500 crores on the water and water-associated infrastructure and 
about INR1,600 crores in terms of road. 
Raman VK: 
Yes. Sir, one small doubt. Sir, sorry if this may be repetitive, but I missed the initial part of the 
commentary. But I would like to know the reason for INR1,000 crores fundraise by the 
company? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So there is -- it is an enabling resolution , as I said earlier also because we see a lot of 
opportunities in BOT road as well as water segment. However, if the current forecast of the order 
is what materializes and it is not about that, we don't foresee that we will be requiring to raise 
the funds. 
 
However, if we are -- if we get more orders than what we are currently targeting, this enabling 
provision may be utilized in that case. Otherwise, right now, we have enough cash on the balance 
sheet of about INR1,061 crores at standalone and INR1,155 crores at consol level. 
Raman VK: 
So what is the bid book currently? 
Sandeep Garg: 
What is -- can you repeat? 
Raman VK: 
The order bid pipeline. 
Sandeep Garg: 
Yes. You're looking for bid pipelines. So our current hit rate is about 1 in 3 projects we hit. So 
we are targeting more than INR30,000 crores at this point in time. 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Yes. Sir, on your O&M order book, so in the last 2 years, that has increased from INR1,800 
crores to INR4,400 crores. And as you said that the revenue realization is only like INR2 crores 
in FY '25. So going forward, how much of revenues are we expecting from this? And what could 
be the margins on these revenues? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So O&M is of the projects that we do are design and build. So as the projects will get completed, 
the O&M will start after completion, and accordingly, the revenues will be recognized. Now it 
is early days for us to give a guidance on O&M margins, but we expect the O&M margins to be 
consistent with our current water EBITDA levels. 
 
And we will get to know once we are -- once we get into O&M and we have an experience about 
it. So I would want to -- I would suggest that we stay a bit more patient as the O&M revenue 
will start coming in. -- we'll guide you better about what returns to expect. But it is a long-term 
revenue visibility as well as profit visibility, and it gets scaled up gradually as we take more and 
more orders on water vertical. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And what can we expect in this year, sir, FY '26? 
Sandeep Garg: 
It is very low, in the ranges of INR10-odd crores because only UP JJM, some portion of it will 
start getting into O&M stage. And certain MEL orders are also on the O&M stage. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. The WMEL revenues, some part of it is being booked under water vertical also, sir, 
because tunneling itself is only INR700 crores and WML revenues, you said was INR662 crores. 
So what is the portion of WMEL booked under water? 
Lalit Jain: 
Tunneling is entirely for the WMEL, nothing is WEL. 
Sandeep Garg: 
So I think if I get your question correct, the question is, is there any water? No. The answer is 
no. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And then, sir, the related question was, for example, in the tunneling EBIT margins, we 
have seen some 250 basis point decrease in the EBIT margin. So any particular reason why the 
tunneling margins have come down this year? 
Sandeep Garg: 
I think, too deep a question, I would suggest that you come and have a discussion. maybe we are 
not able to understand this clearly. I would request that if you could stay in touch with... 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
I will take this offline, sir. Just one more query was, you said that the book value of the road 
assets that we want to monetize in FY '26 is INR1,300 crores. Is that right? 
Sandeep Garg: 
INR300 crores. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
INR300 crores. Okay. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dheeraj Ram from Ashika Institutional Equities. 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Dheeraj Ram: 
The debt levels have increased Y-o-Y. And since I also know that we have been raising funds. 
So how do you see the debt levels in FY '26? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So you're referring to consolidated balance sheet. Yes, there have been debt drawn on the -- 
largely on this SNRP project, which was earlier funded by the equity. And hence, you see that 
is the increase we did, as minor debt has been drawn in the Aunta-Simaria. Now, as the Aunta-
Simaria will be hived off, the debt alongside of it will also go. Hopefully, it will be done in FY 
'26. So alongside with it, there's a debt of almost... 
Lalit Jain: 
Yes. With respect to Aunta-Simaria project, we have a debt of INR615 crores. So it will be out 
if we sell this project. With respect to SNRP project, we are having INR600 crores debt 
outstanding. Further, we'll draw another INR600 crores to complete the project. So if you can 
say debt level remains same, the Aunta-Simaria is  hived  for now. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And last question, sir, in Q2 FY '25, you have said that almost INR3,00,000 
crores are from tunneling. I mean the market size of tunneling is almost INR3,00,000 crores for 
the next 7 years, and you are targeting 10% to 20% market share in this, so which poses that we 
need to secure close to INR4,000 crores of orders every year. Isn't it a big -- very big number, 
sir? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So that's exactly what I keep on saying. The segmental split of an order is difficult when you are 
across various verticals. So I would look -- I would request that you look at long-term guidance 
as a long-term overall guidance, but -- and the split is not possible for us to predict in the -- given 
that it is a competitive world and a bidding environment. But overall guidance remains 
unchanged in terms of our order book target for about INR10,000 crores plus in this FY '26. 
Moderator: 
We will take the last question from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from Discover Capital. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Sir, just a quick question was with regards to the large amount of the cash we have on books. 
Are we looking to use that for inorganic or ultimately use that for oil and gas investments or 
we're just keeping it as optionality for other projects? 
Sandeep Garg: 
So, as I said, Mr. Gandhi, that we are expecting a lot of projects both in road and water on the 
BOT, HAM in case of water as well. So we see a lot of opportunities to deploy this cash 
profitably in the business, and that is why we are retaining this cash on the balance sheet. Our 
enabling provision to raise further money is only to ensure that should we get more orders, we 
should be in a position to fund those. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Got it. But for our existing guidance, we would not need to raise equity in case it goes over and 
above that? 
Sandeep Garg: 
We are not expecting --  the - short answer to your question is we are not expecting any equity 
raise this financial year as we speak. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Garg for closing comments. 

 
Welspun Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Sandeep Garg: 
Thank you. Thanks once again for coming and joining us today. I hope we have addressed all 
your queries. We remain committed to creating long-term value for our stakeholders, and our 
focus is on improving return on equity and return on capital employed. 
 
Should you have any further questions or feedback, please feel free to reach out to our CFO or 
Investor Relations team. Thank you. Good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
