 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
1st Floor, Times Tower, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400 013 
CIN: L72900MH1995PLC095642 | T: +91 22 4090 4242 | F: +91 22 2491 5217 | E: cs@proteantech.in | W: www.proteantech.in 
Ref: Protean/Secretarial/2025-26/13 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544021 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051, India  
Trading symbol: PROTEAN 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript – Business Update Conference Call. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and in continuation to 
our letter dated May 19, 2025, please find enclosed herewith Transcript of Business Update 
Conference Call, held on Monday, May 19, 2025, in respect of business update regarding PAN 
2.0 RFP. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Maulesh Kantharia 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS 9637 
 
Encl.: As above 
Maulesh 
Jagat 
Kantharia.
Digitally signed by 
Maulesh Jagat 
Kantharia. 
Date: 2025.05.20 
14:12:19 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited to Discuss Latest Business Development” 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SURESH SETHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. V. EASWARAN – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
 
MR. SANDEEP MANTRI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. BERTRAM D'SOUZA - CHIEF PRODUCTS & INNOVATION OFFICER 
 
MS. PUSHPA MANI – VICE PRESIDENT & HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS

 
Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator:              Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the conference       
call hosted by Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited to  
discuss their latest Business Development. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Pushpa Mani – VP and Head 
IR from the company. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
 
Pushpa Mani: 
Thanks, Michelle. Good afternoon everyone. Before we commence 
the call, please note that this call is solely to discuss the 
development pertaining to PAN 2.0 RFP. We have our quarter 4 
investors’ earnings call scheduled for Thursday and all the queries 
pertaining to results will be discussed there. If you have any queries 
unanswered during the call, you may reach out to us afterwards. 
 
The Management on today's call would be represented by Mr. 
Suresh Sethi – MD and CEO; Mr. V. Easwaran – COO; Mr. Sandeep 
Mantri – CFO; Mr. Bertram D'Souza – Chief Products and Innovation 
Officer, and myself Ms. Pushpa Mani, Head Investor Relations. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the 
statements in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature, 
and we believe that the expectations contained in these statements 
are reasonable. However, these statements involve a number of 
risks and uncertainties that may lead to different results. 
 
With this, I invite our MD, Mr. Suresh Sethi to address us all. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
Thank you, Pushpa. Good afternoon, everyone. We just wanted to 
take this opportunity to update you with regard to the update we 
had for the PAN 2.0 RFP, which had been put out by the Income Tax 
Department. Over the weekend, we received feedback that our 
current bid has been considered unfavorably at this stage. We have 
reached out to the tax department to seek further clarity. And while 
we are in the process of doing that, we wanted to just share with 
you that this is the status as of now. 

 
Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
With regard to the PAN RFP 2.0, as we have earlier mentioned, the 
RFP was with regard to design, development, integration and 
management of the tax ITD systems, which today we don't manage. 
This is a system which is used for allotment, updation, and 
correction of the PAN data, which is today run by the ITD 
Department. We currently have a mandate from IT Department with 
regard to the processing and issuance of PAN cards, primarily 
meaning that we collect the data from the individuals who are 
seeking a PAN card or any PAN card update and the same 
information is sent to the ITD Department for them to then do the 
allotment and issuance. And we, as of now, see a limited impact on 
that. And the RFP, as we see it, would anyway take around another 
couple of years for implementation. So currently, at present, we 
don't see any immediate operational impact on our current PAN 
business. 
 
I would like to open it for questions with regard to this. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Prakash 
Kapadia from Spark PMS. Please go ahead. 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes. Wanted to clarify, you mentioned in your opening remarks 
about the PAN 2.0 project. Is this right understanding that PAN 2 is 
more of an IT related project and the operational modalities 
currently which we are doing in terms of issuing PAN cards, 
dispatching PAN cards, is not part of the scope of work of PAN to 
refresh? Is that understanding, correct? And if not, then can you just 
highlight the difference as to what the scope of work is and how is 
it being currently done? That will help clear up a lot of doubts. 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
Sure, Prakash, I will just give a little bit of background. We received 
the mandate for PAN issuance in 2002 - 2003. So, this mandate was 
given for relation of citizen data, which is towards application of the 
PAN card and then sharing it to the IT Department. The IT 
Department then does the allotment of the PAN card number, 
which means they do all the deduping of data and everything to 
ensure everybody has a unique card. And that works at the ITD end. 
The work that we do in line with the fact that this is a citizen-centric 
national ID. So, we have both channels today where we have a huge 
distribution network where we provide assisted services. We have a 
network of almost 4,00,000 agents across the country that any 
citizen can go and submit their PAN card application. And there are 
also today direct channels on which you can directly apply for a PAN 

 
Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
card. So, this is about processing of the PAN data and then getting 
the PAN card issued to you. The PAN 2.0 RFP is to do a tech revamp 
of that entire tech stack which ITD has. And that in a way is not 
directly linked to the entire distribution and application process for 
the PAN card. And therefore, we are saying that while it is a separate 
IT project, as of now as we see it, it does not impact the distribution 
and the processing part of it. Currently, almost three-fourths of our 
applications are today still processed in an assisted mode, which 
means somebody is using the help of an agent to be able to submit 
the application, which is passed on to the ITD Department. And that 
distribution is something which we today run as a multiple product 
distribution, and services being one of them. Does that answer the 
question to an extent? 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Right. And, we have been hiring a lot of employees upfront to build 
execution capabilities. Obviously, this is across the line of 
businesses and multiple business revenues we have. So the 
employee cost and some of the increases which we have seen is, 
was an anticipation of this too also, means the PAN 2 coming to us 
because, we were pretty gung-ho and confident, given our 
leadership and whatever work we have done, we should be a very 
strong contender to the PAN 2 project. So, what I am trying to 
understand is, assuming there is no update, and it is awarded to 
somebody else, how will the cost shape up? How will margin shape 
up? And is there a cross utilization which we can do of employees 
and whatever costs we have built in? 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
Prakash, PAN 2.0 is like a regular RFP. So, when we are bidding for 
RFPs, naturally we do the groundwork over there. But it is just like 
any other RFP. So, rest of the numbers, as we have been discussing, 
we will be sharing during the results. And we will provide more 
details. But with regard to RFP businesses, naturally we do not build 
up the full stack of new sources prior to the RFP mandates coming 
through. 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sure. I'll join back up the queue if I have more questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Mandora 
from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Rohan Mandora: 
Yes, good afternoon. Just want to understand, once PAN 2.0 goes 
live, you indicated three-fourths of the PAN applications come for 
the distribution network. So, the remaining one-fourth of the PAN 
applications will move to the new vendor. Is that understanding, 
correct? 

 
Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Suresh Sethi: 
Rohan, that is a difficult one to predict. The PAN 2.0 RFP as and when 
it is mandated, there is a clear period of development and 
deployment of the tech stack. So, it will take 2 years. And at that 
stage, we will naturally have to see how many citizens are seeking 
assisted services, which means depending on an assisted agent to 
put the application across and how many would be going on to 
direct channels. Even as we speak today, we have direct channels. 
You can actually go to Protean website and directly apply for a PAN 
card. So, the direct channels are already available even as we speak. 
So, I think this is about citizen behavior and what sort of digital 
capability the citizens have and the comfort they have at that stage. 
So, it is difficult for me to predict what sort of distribution will be 
there between assisted applications and direct applications 2 years 
down the line. 
 
Rohan Mandora: 
So direct would be with the new vendor. And on the assisted thing, 
if we were to look at the revenues, if 1/4 is participating in the 
assisted distribution of the PAN card and the PAN 2.0, out of the 
current top rate pool that 1/4 is getting, what would get shared with 
the new partners under in the assisted distribution thing? If it is Rs. 
91 stays as it is, currently, as we understand, there's a certain payout 
that goes to the franchisees and the remaining difference is what 
Protean retains as software. So, with the new implementation 
partner in PAN 2.0 and with assistant distribution where Protean is 
helping, what kind of synergy would exist? What kind of profitability 
would get eroded? 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
Rohan, it is difficult to predict 2 years down the line where things 
will stand. But I'll give a similar example. Today, when you look at 
UIDAI and issuance of Aadhaar cards, today Aadhaar cards are 
issued by multiple entities who have distribution networks. There is 
a revenue model on which they work when they issue the Aadhaar 
card. Similar indication is there even in this RFP that if somebody is 
seeking a physical PAN card, which today is almost 100% of the 
cases seeking a physical PAN card as we speak. There is a cost of Rs. 
50 of issuance, which even the RFP mentions. But it is difficult to talk 
about revenue split down the line. I would sort of refrain from 
making a forward-looking statement or a judgment where it stands. 
 
Rohan Mandora: 
But it would be better than some part of revenues would get split. 
 
Suresh Sethi 
My only point, my only fundamental point I am raising where there 
is probably clarity, we would like to provide that PAN 2.0 is primarily 
a tech stack revamp. That is why it's in the form of an RFP. The 

 
Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
business we run is for processing and issuance, which is a separate 
business. As and when the new tech stack gets deployed, there will 
naturally be interfaces which are there also today for direct 
applications which will come into play. But the current things as they 
stand, there are a majority of people seeking assisted support to 
apply for PAN cards. Two years down the line, we will have to see 
which way it plays, but there is no immediate impact on the business 
we will have. 
 
Rohan Mandora: 
Got it. And on the PAN verification business that we do right now, 
after the PAN 2.0 goes live, what happens to that line of business? 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
There is an indication in the RFP that the entire verification business 
will then run with the direct ITD Department. Currently, we provide 
those services at a very low margin to the market. And it's a very 
minuscule part of our revenues under the online PAN verification. 
And this is a business we actually club with our identity business 
because this is towards opening a bank account or authenticating a 
transaction or so on. And we club it with our eSign, eKYC and 
eAuthentication services. So, it's under that revenue line and it's a 
small component of that. 
 
Rohan Mandora: 
Got it. And any reasons that we got to know why we were not 
considered for next round? 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
We are seeking clarifications, as I mentioned. This came only over 
the weekend. As of now, we have requested clarification. 
 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure sir. Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Love Jain from Artha 
India Ventures. Please go ahead. 
 
Love Jain: 
Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for the call. My question is on PAN 
2.0 project. So, I can see that this is a one stop solution or platform 
where I can make the updates, corrections, other linkage 
reassurance and validation, all kinds of solution on the 2.0 project. 
If we haven't got the bid or haven't been selected, can the market 
share of this business can go down in Protean? Is there any 
clarification on that? 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
Now again, as I mentioned, that ITD does that today also. So, all 
allotment, updation and correction in the PAN database is done by 
the ITD. We don't do that today as well. As I mentioned, we do the 

 
Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
processing and issuance of the PAN card, which means that we 
collate the data. So, when you are making an application, you 
naturally have to fill up the application and provide multiple details, 
including your ID details. And that is what we do today. That was the 
mandate given to us in 2002 - 2003. And today, as I mentioned, we 
collected this data. There are people who go to the agent and 
provide this information to the agent. Similarly, people have the 
ability to also take a non-paper journey, which means at the agent 
point, they can do e-sign and do everything without submitting any 
paperwork. So, all that work is done in a supported mode by the 
agent, or you are able to do it directly on the website. So, that is 
what we do. And 2.0 talks about the central system, the core which 
ITD runs today, on which they do the allotment and naturally any 
de-duping. If I already have a PAN card and apply a second time, you 
have to de-dupe the data. That is what ITD does. So, this tech 
revamping is for that stack which they are currently running, which 
we don't run today. So, these are two separate parts of the process, 
which are there. PAN 2.0 talks about the tech revamp of that core 
stack which ITD runs. 
 
Love Jain: 
And what if in future, if they include issuance and distribution in 
their one-stop solution, then it can be impacted? Or will they ask for 
a new bid in future if they come up with some alteration in the PAN 
2.0 project? 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
It's difficult to predict what they will do, but as I was saying let me 
give another example today there are other national ID’s like 
Aadhaar. UIDAI today does not have their own distribution points 
around the country. They leverage banks, they leverage the postal 
ecosystem. We as an organization were also earlier involved in 
issuance of Aadhaar cards, as one of the enrollment agencies. So, 
all the central government agencies actually leverage large-scale 
distribution networks to do this. As I mentioned, we today have 
4,00,000 points of service at which we do the PAN card processing 
and collation of data. Very clearly, I don't expect ITD to set up their 
own distribution network. So, this will always be supported by 
distribution because ultimately, it's a citizen-centric service. And you 
have to provide equitable access and reach everybody. 
 
Love Jain: 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Gupta from 
Aionios Alpha Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 

 
Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Pranav Gupta: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir. Just a clarification on one thing you 
mentioned earlier. You mentioned that in case the IT Department 
eventually decides to do the online bit of distribution themselves; 
would that get eventually move. Is that understanding, correct? 
That's obviously eventually when the time to... 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
Just repeat yourself. I lost you. Just repeat it again please. 
 
Pranav Gupta: 
So the question I was asking is that you mentioned in an earlier 
comment that once the PAN 2.0 framework is implemented, the 
online distribution or the mode of getting a PAN card that we 
currently have, then gets eventually moved to the IT Department. Is 
that understanding correct or did I sort of misinterpret what you 
said? 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
No, let me reclarify it. Pranav, first of all, even as we speak today, IT 
Department does have an online site on which you can apply for a 
PAN card. So today, ITD, Protean, and UTIITSL are three entities, 
which have direct channels open also. With PAN 2.0, ITD will be 
offering the service online, but that they offer even today. That is 
the only correction I would make. So, the online channels are even 
there today as we speak. 
 
Pranav Gupta: 
Okay, perfect. The second clarification, sir was that as I understood 
it earlier, and you can correct me if I am wrong, under the PAN 2.0 
framework, there were certain changes that were going to be made 
in the PAN cards themselves in terms of the data that is sort of that 
verify PAN card. Is the understanding incorrect? Because you 
mentioned that it is primarily the revamping of the stack of ITD. 
That's what I understood from your comment. 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
Yes, naturally, as technology is evolving, I am sure more data will be 
envisaged and that was part of the tech revamp also, that if we can 
add more features to the PAN card itself. But even today, if you see 
the PAN card does have a QR code on it. So, naturally as technology 
evolves and as this is getting deployed, there are definitely other 
areas in which you can further enhance the ID protocols over there. 
But yes, definitely there would be other features which could come 
down the line. 
 
Pranav Gupta: 
Right. So just a last question in connection with that. So if there were 
new features that are going to be added to the PAN card, under the 
PAN 2.0 scheme eventually the current vendors, I mean, how would 
including you and UTIITSL, how would you sort of  navigate through 

 
Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
the changed output that is required or will it then eventually move 
to the new vendor? That's what you are trying to understand. 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
The point is the RFPs for the vendor who will develop the entire tech 
stack, do the design, the development, and the maintenance of it. 
Distribution is still something which is out there. So, there are two 
parts to your question. One is the entire work of first a citizen 
coming and applying for a PAN card, right? So, citizen applying and 
putting their application in is something which will be a widely 
distributed activity. Now when the PAN card is being issued, if there 
are new features in it, then we'll be issuing the new PAN card 
because when we started in 2002-2003, there was no QR code, for 
example. Then over a period of time, further features were put onto 
the PAN card, which is what we are issuing today. So, whoever is 
then doing the distribution will also get the ability to issue the new 
revised PAN card. Today, as you know, that whatever updates come 
into Aadhaar, ultimately, it's the same distribution network. UIDAI 
does not go out and do it themselves, right? Because last mile 
distribution and managing that, again, is left to the entities which 
are collecting the data and then issuing. So, I am saying the 
processing and issuance is separate from the tech stack revamp. I 
again reiterated that point. 
 
Love Jain: 
Perfect. So that's very clear. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from 
Enam AMC. Please go ahead. 
 
Mayank Babla: 
So, thank you for all the clarification points. But just to get it more 
in black and white, what you are saying is that as it stands now, there 
is no greater impact to your existing services that you are providing 
under the PAN tax services basically. 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
The answer is yes, because the part of business we do is processing 
issuance. As we see today, nothing has changed. Even the PAN RFP 
itself, the design development and deployment is indicated in the 
RFP will be a 2-year process. So, even when the new stack comes 
into play, it will be still 2 years down the line. 
 
Mayank Babla: 
Got it. That was my only question. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Shah from 
Dalal & Broacha. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Dhruv Shah: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for this opportunity. I just wanted to 
understand, currently in the last, if we take an average of last 3 
years, what percentage of issuance and processing was with 
Protean? So basically you wanted to understand, I understand 
three-fourth of the people have been issuing these hard cards, but 
how has things been changing in the last 3 years and taking that into 
account when the PAN 2.0 gets implemented, do you believe that 
the same process and issuance business will be at a similar scale or 
that could trickle down a bit? And also in the PAN 2.0, if there is any 
modification, some modification work also comes to companies like 
Protean or will it go with the tech stack company? 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
Though we have multiple questions, so let me take them one by 
one. First of all, as we have already shared, we have a dominant 
share in the issuance of PAN. We have a 60% plus share in the 
cumulative PAN issuance till date. And we have been sharing our 
numbers, which you would see anyway in our quarterly results. As 
far as issuance is concerned, there is a part which is about 
processing of data or rather it starts with the citizen as a process. 
So, citizen applying for the PAN card will always be an activity which 
will be required because just the way you apply for Aadhaar, you 
apply for PAN. So that data collection and then putting the data and 
sharing with ITD for issuance will continue to be there. So that is 
where we were indicating that today also there are direct channels 
and there are assisted channels for doing it. That is an activity which 
will continue because ultimately you are providing a citizen service. 
And as far as trickle down is concerned, we have earlier also 
mentioned that today, seeing PAN is not a saturation ID like 
Aadhaar. Aadhaar we naturally say is something you would seek to 
have at the moment a child is born. PAN is usually done when 
people enter the workforce, your minors are becoming adults, you 
are opening your first bank account, which is when you are seeking 
a PAN card. So today if we look at overall demographics, the 
penetration of PAN is around 35% to 40% in the country. And every 
year a new workforce comes in. The requirement of PAN as an 
identity is also getting more widely applied. We have seen in the 
recent couple of years, the government for their welfare and 
benefits schemes, lot of schemes are now asking for a PAN. And we 
therefore see the propensity even in rural India where people are 
now applying for PAN cards so that they can qualify for welfare 
schemes. Similarly, the government has announced initiatives to say 
we want to make PAN a single identifier for all non-individual cases, 
which is for entities. Because entities don't have an equivalent of 
Aadhaar. But there are various initiatives in place which will mean 

 
Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
that more and more entities will seek PAN card, we don't see this 
trickling down. With a population like ours, today there are hardly 
50 - 55 crore people who have a PAN card, and we are already a 
population of 1.4 billion. Therefore, we see this continuing and 
every year we have generally seen as a trend 6-7 crore new PAN 
card issuances. 
 
Dhruv Shah: 
So similarly, as currently we agree that we have 4,00,000 touch 
points but the way things changed in case of issuance of a passport, 
do you envisage that kind of a threat that could come in in case of 
PAN 2.0? 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
See, today, you are aware, Protean, we are working across multiple 
DPI's, right? We have been earlier focused largely on BFSI, which 
centers where you can, you know, process data for PAN issuance. 
Similarly, out of these 4,00,000 touch points, there are points 
serving our pension business. Similarly, as we are moving into 
agriculture, health, ONDC, which is digital commerce, open finance, 
we are leveraging the same ecosystem or providing citizen-centric 
services. So, for us, our distribution is a multi-product or multi-DPI 
distribution and is one service we provide over there. And most 
importantly, it ultimately depends on the citizen. If a citizen chooses 
to or feels that getting assisted at a touch point which is proximate 
to them is where they want to consume that service. This 
distribution will continue to be relevant. It will not be dependent on 
the core tech stack and what happens to it. It is where I want to apply 
for a PAN card which will be relevant to me as a citizen of India. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, this will 
be the last question for today which is from the line of Ashish from 
Emkay Investment Managers Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Ashish: 
Thank you, as you mentioned in your comment that mandate was 
issued by IDT for the existing PAN business. So just wanted to 
understand whether is it renewed yearly or like when was it last 
renewed and whether there is a possibility that the existing PAN 
business in future comes through an RFP route and not the 
mandate which is currently there. 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
Thank you. It was last renewed. I'll have to share the date with you. 
It was recently only. I don't have the date right now with me. If 
somebody in the room has the date, then please share it. Sandeep, 
if you guys are on the call. So, we will just share that. This contract 
for us has been reviewed every 3 to 4 years. It has been happening 

 
Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
right from 2003 onwards like this. I would naturally not make a 
forward-looking statement to say whether it will go down an RFP 
route down the line, but this is what has been happening in the past, 
which we can share with you with clarity. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for 
today, I will now hand the conference over to MD Sir for closing 
comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
Thank you very much. So, thank you, everyone, for patiently 
listening and asking all the questions. We just wanted to clarify the 
status. Just reiterating that PAN 2.0 is an RFP which is associated 
with the design, development, and deployment of the new tech 
stack for ITD from where they do the allotment, updation, and 
correction of the PAN in their database. On an immediate basis, we 
see very limited impact on our distribution business. Currently and 
going forward it is going to be driven by how citizens will be applying 
for the PAN cards. That is where we are today, we have a service 
network of almost 4,00,000 points. Largely that business will be 
driven by the citizens seeking services over there. So, I would not 
like to add anything further. We have already answered a lot of 
questions for requesting more details on this. So, thank you very 
much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you, members of the management. On behalf 
of Protean e-Governance Technologies Limited, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
