         Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. 
Mahindra Towers, 
Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg, 
Worli, Mumbai 400 018 India 
Tel: +91 22 2490 1441 
Fax: +91 22 2490 0833 
www.mahindra.com 
Regd. Office: Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder, Mumbai 400 001, India | Tel: +91 22 6897 5500 | Fax: 
+91 22 22875485 | Email: group.communication@mahindramail.com | mahindra.com |
CIN No. L65990MH1945PLC004558
REF:NS:SEC: 
9th May, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor,  
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051. 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
35A Boulevard Joseph II,   
L-1840 Luxembourg.
London Stock Exchange Plc 
10 Paternoster Square 
London EC4M 7LS. 
Sub: Disclosure of Transcript of the Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meeting 
This is further to our letter dated 29th April, 2025, wherein we had given an advance intimation of the 
Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meeting in terms of Regulation 30(6) read with Para A 15 (a) of Part A  of 
Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and 9th May, 
2025 wherein we had submitted Transcript of the aforesaid M&M Q4 FY25 Earnings Call with Several 
Funds/Investors/Analysts. 
The Company had conducted M&M Q4 FY25 Earnings Con-Call with Several Funds/Investors/Analysts on 
5th May, 2025 with respect to the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company 
for the Fourth Quarter and year ended 31st March, 2025 and the Presentation(s) made thereat along with the 
weblink of the Presentation(s) and weblink of the AV Recording of the said Earnings Call was submitted 
vide our letter dated 5th May, 2025. 
You may kindly note that in the Transcript submitted today, we have inadvertently missed out one 
paragraph which is now incorporated in the revised Transcript being submitted alongwith this letter. 
The 
revised 
Transcript 
of 
the 
aforesaid 
M&M 
Q4 
FY25 
Earnings 
Call 
with 
Several 
Funds/Investors/Analysts is enclosed and is also available on the Company’s website and can be accessed 
at the following Link: M&M Q4F25 Analyst Meet - Transcript.pdf 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the aforesaid Earnings 
Call. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED  
DIVYA MASCARENHAS  
INTERIM COMPANY SECRETARY 
Encl.: as above 
DIVYA LIGORY 
MASCARENHA
S
Digitally signed by 
DIVYA LIGORY 
MASCARENHAS 
Date: 2025.05.09 
17:40:52 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
“Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Q4 FY25 Analyst Meet” 
May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   MANAGEMENT:  DR. ANISH SHAH – GROUP CEO & MD, MAHINDRA & 
MAHINDRA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH JEJURIKAR - ED AND CEO, AUTO AND 
FARM SECTOR, MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED 
 
MR. AMARJYOTI BARUA - GROUP CFO, MAHINDRA 
& MAHINDRA LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 30 
Divya Gulati 
Hi, good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to the Quarter 
4 Analyst Meet of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited.  For the main 
presentation today, we have with us our Group CEO and MD, Dr. Anish 
Shah, CEO and ED of our Auto and Farm business, Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, 
and our Group CFO, Mr. Amarjyoti Barua.  We will be taking your 
questions at the end of the presentation.  As a reminder, this meeting 
is being recorded.  For the purpose of completeness, I wish to read this 
out.  Certain statements in this meeting with regard to our future 
growth prospects are forward-looking statements, which involve a 
number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results 
to differ from those in these forward-looking statements.  With that, I 
now hand over to Dr. Anish Shah for his opening remarks. 
Dr. Anish Shah 
Good afternoon.  It's a pleasure to be here with you more so when we 
have some very strong results and a continued journey that we've had 
for many years in terms of execution.  So, let me start with the 
standard key messages.  Auto and Farm as you have continued to 
expect very strong execution both in terms of market share as well as 
margins.  SUV volumes up 20%.  A year ago, you had asked us a 
question of what are you signing up for? At that point, we said mid to 
high teens, and it was a fairly ambitious target at that point, but we've 
managed to come in slightly higher than the mid to high teens target 
with 20% growth.  As a result, market share is up 210 basis points to 
22.5%.  Auto margins are up 110 basis points as well, and Farm not to 
be left behind, basically said that look we're at 40% plus market share, 
but we're still going to grow and therefore we are at 43.3% now, up a 
170 basis points, not easy to do in the 40% category, and with that 
significant improvement in margins as well, up 210 basis points to 
18.4% and this again is continuation of the conversations we've had 
over the last few years in terms of the fact that we will continue to 
focus on margins and on execution. 
 
Also want to point out that you will see some write offs.  These are 
largely for what we had identified as category B businesses, in 
particular, MAM-Mitsubishi, and Sampo.  So, MAM in Japan and 
Sampo in Finland, these were businesses which as a reminder had a 
good strategic benefit or a quantifiable strategic benefit, but not 
necessarily a profit trajectory, and we have gotten significant strategic 
benefits from these companies.  We are now pivoting them to ensure 
that there isn't a profit drain from those businesses and therefore the 
write offs.  So, that's something that you will see in the numbers.  Tech 
Mahindra and Mahindra Finance are on a strong trajectory.  Both have 
laid out a path to first, getting to market average and then going above 
their peers and both are firmly on that path. 
 
TechM on the path to margins and Mahindra Finance has 
accomplished a very important transformation of going from 7% to 8% 
GS3 or GNPAs on average or in normal times to less than 4.5%.  At this 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 30 
point, it's actually less than 4%, but our target is to be less than 4.5% 
in normal times and that is a very important transformation because 
it has been done while maintaining profitability at levels higher than 
we had expected because you would expect typically to have lower 
profitability as  giving up some very good customers who didn't have 
high credit losses, but had high volatility with the business has been 
able to do that well is focused on controls and will get back to growth 
even though growth has been reasonably strong for this year at 17% 
increase in assets under management, and you see a very strong profit 
number here, up 33% on a standalone basis for Mahindra Finance.  
This is the first time that on a standalone basis Mahindra Finance is 
greater than 2,000 crores of profit for the year 2,300 plus in fact as 
compared to 1,900 and something which was the highest ever so far.  
So, on a good trajectory, and we will talk a little more about scalable 
growth gems today and the momentum that we see in them and why 
we feel good about these growth gems becoming significant 
contributors to us as we go forward. 
All in all, consolidated profit growth of 20%.  This does exclude the 
mark-to-market from KG mobility, which is Ssang Yong, shares that we 
had gotten as part of the exit and that has no operating impact, no 
cash flow impact, but we had a gain in F24 of 330 crores and a loss in 
F25 of 238 crores, which sort of offset each other, but from a 
percentage standpoint, we therefore took them out.   On a reported 
basis, it's a 15% PAT increase and excluding the KG Mobility mark-to-
market it's at 20% and the real operating number is at 20% PAT 
increase, and ROE we have maintained at 18% despite a significant 
cash pays as well, which Amar will talk about.  We have gotten to a 
much higher cash level than we were before.  So, at the headlines: 
consolidated results 14% up in revenue, 20% up in profit after tax.  
Standalone 17% increase in revenue, 17% higher from profit after tax 
standpoint. 
 
Now look at our businesses.  We talked about growth gems, but we're 
getting a little finer in terms of how we look at our businesses now.  
We have plotted them on two axis; competitive position and scale.  
Auto and Farm, very strong from a competitive position, our high scale 
businesses as well.  Mahindra Finance and Tech M, scale businesses, 
but not quite the competitive position we want them to be in because 
we want them to be higher than the peers and ideally near the top of 
the upper level, and then we look at the left-hand side where we've 
segregated our growth gems into what we call scalable and emerging.  
Scalable growth gems have a very clear competitive advantage.  
They've demonstrated that and therefore, now have a target of $2 to 
$3 billion of valuation each by F30, in the next five years.  Our 
emerging growth gems have something meaningful going for them, 
either in terms of products, in terms of service, in terms of what they 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 30 
do, but they really haven't demonstrated that market competitiveness 
as yet or have done it to some extent. 
 
These are businesses that we want to get to a billion dollars of market 
valuation in the next five years and then hopefully move them higher, 
and get to a higher competitiveness and then move them to the right 
in terms of scale as well. 
 
So, this is how we're looking at our businesses. Over time, yes, we 
ideally want everyone to be in the top right segment, but if everything 
was there, we'd have nothing else to do.  So, this is part of the work 
that we have to do to get everyone there.  So, let's talk about each of 
these businesses.  I'll cover the headlines for Auto and Farm and 
Rajesh will cover everything else and give you a much broader 
perspective on these businesses, but Auto as you know, #1 SUV player, 
electric vehicles are off to a very good start and disciplined execution, 
that's one thing that you will see consistently across what we do or at 
least we strive to be consistent in what we do.  There are times when 
some things may not be exactly right, but that's part of what we will 
face, and you see the numbers as a result of that.  On the Farm side, 
new products OJA has gone off to a very good start, giving us good 
market share in the U.S. and allowing us to get to the other 
geographies as well.  Margin increase and we are sharpening our 
international focus with pivoting a couple of our category B 
businesses.  Again, you see the numbers they are extremely strong 
from a market share standpoint and PAT standpoint as well.  The PAT 
here is impacted by the write offs and therefore you see that in single 
digits as compared to what would have been, which is much higher 
otherwise. 
 
Mahindra Finance, we talked about a 17% asset growth.  GS3 is under  
4% threshold at this point instead of being at 4.5%, which is what we 
had planned for.  We have deliberately had a slowdown in 
disbursements to focus on asset quality and to focus on controls.  We 
will continue to focus on controls and then start pivoting back to 
growth as we go forward and you see a good GS3 number here, and 
profits at the consolidated Mahindra Finance level of 2,262 crores, at 
the standalone Mahindra Finance level of 2,300 crore plus because we 
had to do some clean up in the Rural Housing Finance business, which 
was disclosed as part of the Mahindra Finance presentation, a couple 
of weeks ago. 
 
Tech Mahindra, good deal wins, good pipeline in consumer and BFSI, 
which is where it's expanding or diversifying.  Momentum in the 
Europe and Asia Pacific is very strong, couple of very good leaders in 
both of those geographies, and focusing on its margin expansion path, 
which is outlined, and here again you see some very strong numbers 
in terms of TCV, EBIT, and PAT as well, and that essentially puts this 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 30 
company on a good trajectory going forward.  So, we're going to share 
a little more detail on growth gems.  Many of you have had questions 
on this in the past and we'll continue to add more details as we go 
forward. 
 
Let's look at six businesses today.  Starting with Hospitality.  In fiscal 
20, room inventory was 3,700 rooms or keys as we call them.  Today 
it's 5,800, and the business is working on a plan to be 2 to 3x in the 
next 5 years.  We'll come back with the exact plan and how we're going 
to get there may be in a quarter or two at max, but that's the trajectory 
we're going down, which will give it a 5x growth in a decade.  Ideally, 
we'd want faster growth in a shorter time frame, but we'll take 5X 
growth in a decade at this point. 
 
Logistics has struggled, and we've talked about that in the past, but 
this is a business which I've always believed has phenomenal potential 
and one that we're actually positioned very well in.  With Hemant 
Sikka coming in to lead it now, one of our strongest leaders, we feel 
that this business will get on a very strong path going forward, and 
while we have a 3x number there as a placeholder right now, we shall 
give Hemant the time to come and see the business and then come 
back with the specific targets that that he would set for the next 5 
years. 
 
Real Estate, these are targets that have been committed by the 
business and they've done that in their last Analyst Meeting.  We've 
taken the liberty of rounding it up a little bit because they were at 670 
crores of presales going to 2,800 crores and going to 9,500 crore, 
which we've taken the liberty of running up to 10,000 crore because 
the presales that they have committed to for the next 5 years, 70% to 
80% of that land has been acquired already.  So, it's now pure 
execution and as they go forward, they should hopefully be able to do 
more, but we shall not push them too hard on this.  this is a good set 
of numbers a 14x improvement over 10 years and more than the 
numbers what we really like is a very sharp focus on profitability of 
projects and that's something that is done at a very granular level by 
project, by quarter, and in addition to profitability, the focus on 
customers, customer experience, ensuring any problems are resolved 
quickly.  So, all of those things are contributing to building a very, very 
strong business in life spaces. 
 
Susten, we have talked about before.  This was a first business to come 
up with a 5x growth plan.  It is on track.  In fact, the business has 
committed to delivering this before fiscal 30.  We are not changing the 
targets as yet because we shall wait for that execution and then look 
at the increasing targets from there. 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
Last Mile Mobility, has been a fantastic story from 14,000 vehicles a 
year, we had 78,000 now, which is 5x already and the plans to get to 
another 2x to 3x from there, which will be at 10x to 15x overall 
increase in targets or increase in this business over a decade, and 
that's something that's being reflected in its valuation as well as we've 
seen from external partners coming in.  This is also a space where we 
continue to be #1 with the 40% plus market share in a very, very 
competitive market with some real heavyweights in there.  So, that's 
one that the team has done extremely well in in driving and 
maintaining that momentum. 
 
Trucks and Buses, we talked about recently, the acquisition was a very 
good one, something that needed a lot of preparation on our side first 
to make sure the business is doing well, it is well positioned, the 
leadership team is strong, and can then deliver on what we expect it 
to deliver, and at a valuation which we felt was reasonable, and good.  
So, combination of all of those things led us to that acquisition.  As 
we've talked earlier, we continue to be very disciplined in terms of 
what we do and where we go, and that discipline is something that 
would be evident in this acquisition and the results are something we 
will continue to track as we go forward. 
 
So, with that, we come to my favorite chart, which we've updated 
every quarter and we had made a commitment on 28th of May 2021 
when we reported our fiscal 21 numbers.  At that time, our reported 
numbers were 4% on ROE and 16.21 EPS, and we had committed to 
18% ROE and 15% to 20% EPS growth.  So, we have maintained the 
18% faster than what we had committed, and we have grown ROE 63% 
on an annualized basis as compared to the 15% to 20% we had talked 
about.  As I've always said, though, it shall not be a 63% promise going 
for the next few years as well.  So, please temper that in terms of the 
expectations, but we continue on a very strong path at this point, but 
more than the numbers again what we're very proud of is our team.  
We've got a very strong set of leaders, associates who helped us build 
this business, a very strong focus on execution, and that is a 
foundation that is helping us deliver what we do.  With that, Rajesh, 
over to you. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Thank you, Anish.  There are few more slides in this deck than what 
was there in the morning deck, so in case you haven't seen them, 
we've just brought in more detail.  Some of the things we have 
promised you that we will cover starting this quarter.  So, I'll go fast 
through what we've done in the morning.  I'm sure you've read most 
of it but keep time on the slides which are new.  So, the Farm growth 
Anish is covered and I'm going to run through this very quickly.  Strong 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 30 
gain in market share, especially in quarter 4, this is one of the best - I 
think the best quarter for market share and of course the highest for 
the year.  This graph reflects the 43.3%, which is the best market share 
we've ever had. 
 
Farm machinery, we wanted to grow faster, and this is one of the 
things we haven't done as well as we would have liked to, but it's still 
1,000 crore milestone to cross and that places us well competitively.  
It makes us the second largest farm machinery player in the country, 
so it places us well.  There are many actions we're going to take to 
accelerate the pace of growth from here.  I'm sure, many of you are 
wanting to understand more behind what made this happen.  I think 
only Hemant has the answer.  So, before he moves to his new role, 
get it from him.  So, it's really been an amazing margin delivery, very 
good for the year, but also very, very strong for the quarter where the 
quarter core tractor margin was as high as 20.8%, which is what you 
see on this chart.  This is the farm consolidated numbers, very strong 
PBIT growth in the quarter of 25% and for the full year at 14%. 
 
I'm adding a few slides on understanding the global subsidiaries and 
what happened.  So, this we didn't do in the earlier session.  So, we've 
broken this into the three markets which are strategic.  So, you see 
Turkey.  Turkey, we've lost some share in the second half, but this is 
because we moved earlier to the TREM 5 equivalent.  The rest of the 
competition hasn't moved yet.  So, we are right now in the last few 
months operating at higher prices than everyone else, which is why 
we've lost some market share.  The industry saw big negative growth 
of 26% during the course of this year.  There are also some 
hyperinflation losses that we've made, but overall the business of 
tractors continues to be profitable in the year, in spite of a negative 
industry growth.  So, Turkey is not a cause of concern. 
 
Brazil, you can see its profitable and we've grown market share 
consistently with time.  It's a very competitive market.  So, it has all 
the top global players.  The fact that we've been able to gain 8.5% in 
a very competitive market like Brazil is an indication of the product 
fit, and the effort we've made with time to build the channel and the 
network.  So, it's we are very well positioned, industry has grown 12% 
here. 
 
Magna is an interesting story.  So, you're seeing the industry down 
13% this year, but it's been almost three years of industry degrowth.  
So, we've seen volumes at an overall level in the 110, less than 110 
horsepower segments come down, but what is interesting is the last 
quarter increase in market share.  Now, we've basically ramped up 
our investments in marketing with the OJA series settling in.  We have 
to reduce inventory of the earlier tractors that we were getting in, 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 30 
which Oja was replacing.  The less than 20 horsepower segment in 
U.S. is 40% of the total volume of the industry, less than 110 
horsepower.  In that segment, our market share was only 3%.  So, as 
you can see in the last quarter and these are all retail market share 
numbers in U.S., it's not shipment.  The retail data is available which 
is what published in retail market share.  Our segmental, that is less 
than 20 horsepower market share for four months in a row has 
crossed 10% from 3% and that's what's pushed our overall market 
share up to 8.5%.  So, what we are seeing in the U.S. has been some 
losses this year.  That's because of a significant down cycle in the 
industry along with marketing expenses to launch the OJA in the last 
quarter.  So, sum total of all of these, these three businesses together 
had an aggregated loss of 104 crores, which is in the farm 
consolidated numbers.  So, we just wanted to give you a perspective 
of where the three countries or the three international Subs which 
are strategic to us and the fact that we've lost money here, but we 
expect these to bounce back.  Yeah, we will, we can take more 
questions on these. 
 
The two companies which Anish spoke about, which is category B 
companies.  In both of these, we've got a lot of strategic value.  The 
OJA series, which you know I spoke about just now in the U.S. context, 
but also has helped us in the India context.  A lot of that has come out 
of working with Mitsubishi in Japan and helping us develop the 
lightweight platform.  So, we've got a strategic value out of that.  
There are multiple headwinds there, mainly the downturn in the 
Japan market continues for all the segments.  So, you know there's a 
high domestic market dependence that continues to see a down 
cycle.  Also, some of the products we were exporting from Japan to 
our U.S.  business through OJA have moved to being made in India 
and are part of the India business.  So, that has put a sort of pressure 
on the business.  There's some of the write downs and Amar will talk 
a little more about that in quarter four are on account of Japan.  There 
are series of actions we are taking to streamline and cut losses and 
we expect that will take a few quarters by the time we completely 
streamline the MAM Japan business. 
 
On Sampo, again we got a lot of strategic value, but there were 
headwinds.  Critical one was business in the Russia region.  It was an 
important part of harvester, but also forest machinery business, 
which we stopped doing business completely since the Russia-
Ukraine war.  So, that had its effect. 
 
Oil prices impact Algeria, which is a big harvester market.  So, we have 
a joint venture with the Algerian government, and have 80% share of 
harvester market in Algeria through that joint venture, but when oil 
prices are down, they, you know the harvester sales go down in 
Algeria and that affects Sampo.  So, these are two critical headwinds 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 30 
which have impacted Sampo.  As you can see below here, this is the 
INR 654 crores of write downs are taken at the consolidated level.  
Amar will, you know, talk more on these.  Several actions being taken 
in Sampo, and we'll talk more about that, but most of the cleanup on 
Sampo by way of write downs and impairments is done.  There's some 
left in MAM Japan, but the Sampo write downs are all done.  Again, 
we can talk more about this in the Q&A, but we thought we will spend 
some time so that you get a perspective on where we are on the five 
international Subs in farm. 
 
This is a quick update on where we are on the commitments we had 
made.  I think we're on good track for everything except the growth 
in international business.  Like I said, most of the markets we operate 
in has seen a slowdown including the South Asian countries, which 
have had its own set of challenges like Bangladesh.  So, that's affected 
our ability to grow in international.  Apart from that, we are well on 
track for the commitments. 
 
Moving to Auto.  I'll run through this, quickly except the few 
additional slides.  So, strong performance on SUV.  You see that in the 
graphs here.  Market share gain consistently, also strong performance 
on volume market share where we continue to be the #2 SUV volume 
player in spite of the kind of price points we operate at.  You're 
familiar with the bookings.  We've delivered so far, 6,300 vehicles to 
customers that's in a 40-day period.  We will talk more about this, I'm 
sure in the Q&A.  A very good experience so far.  A lot we've learned 
out of that as well and you know we'll take that up in the questions 
as we talk.  Interestingly, in quarter four, we have become, by revenue 
share the #1 electric SUV and the #1 electric passenger vehicle.  This 
is of course based on the volumes that we sold.  This is Jato data but 
given that our average price points are much higher than everyone 
else.  We did say that, you know, our metric here is going to be 
revenue market share and in the first quarter, we are #1 on revenue 
market share.  You all are familiar, we got the five star rating on 
Bharat NCAP. 
 
Again, LCV very strong story.  We gained 2.9 share points in the full 
year and 4.8 share points in the quarter.  This graph brings alive the 
volumes in the market share.  The industry has continued to be, we 
had a negative quarter again for the full year, it was or the CAGR has 
been -3%, we've grown 4%, which reflects the gain in market share 
that we've had in this period of time which is being 5%.  So, actually, 
Vijay used the terminology of 3, 4, and 5, which is a nice way to 
remember it, -3 industry growth, 4% growth for us, and 5% gain in 
market share.  So, a lot has happened.  Veero has been a good launch, 
which helped us gain market share in South.  South is the market 
where we were ahead, but not at the national level of market share.  

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 30 
We've gained about 7 to 8 share points in South over the last period 
of time, which is what is pushed the national average up. 
 
This is the auto standalone PBIT and you are familiar with the number 
of 9.5%.  This is the chart we had said we'll show you this time.  So, 
you're seeing this as we had promised.  The auto standalone without 
BEVs is at 10%.  So, this is how it plays out.  So, auto standalone is the 
way you were seeing it which is the revenue and PBIT of INR 2,300, 
that's 10% without the MEAL contract manufacturing.  So, the second 
column is the contract manufacturing that we do for electric SUVs in 
Chakan plant and sold to MEAL because that revenue sale since its 
contract manufacturing, that revenue gets captured in M&M 
standalone and what you see is the 6 crores conversion cost related 
party margin, it's only on the conversion cost, the margin and not on 
the value of sale.  So, that's just 6 crores which is a 0.3% margin 
business.  When you put that together, it comes to 9.2%.  So, what 
you're seeing is a 0.8% margin correction just on account of the fact 
that we're doing contract manufacturing for electric vehicles in our 
Chakan plant.  We can spend more time explaining this.  You've seen 
this format last time, but this is how the format looks filled up. 
 
The next one is MEAL as a company.  So, MEAL as a company was 
EBITDA positive in its first quarter of operation.  It made a INR 10 crore 
EBITDA profit without accruing any PLI.  We decided to be 
conservative and wait for the technical Certification to come and have 
not accrued any PLI.  So, it's INR 10 crores EBITDA.  Of course, it is 
enabled by the mix that we have.  As you all know that right now, we 
are selling only the top pack versions.  So, the mix does have a positive 
role in this.  When you add what you saw in the previous chart, which 
is the money that's made in contract manufacturing, so we said we'll 
give you an end-to-end view.  So, the money that gets made in MEAL, 
the money that gets made in M&M for manufacturing together gives 
you what you see at the bottom, which is the end-to-end EV margin, 
which is INR 22 crores EBITDA.  The balance that you see is the loss on 
account of depreciation and hence there is a PBIT loss of INR 166 
crores in the quarter, but it's an EBITDA positive standalone for MEAL 
plus an EBITDA positive along with the money in contract 
manufacturing. 
 
Last mile mobility continues to grow, and has Anish spoken about this.  
I'm going to run this through this fast.  So, what you see in quarter 4 
is a 10% growth in profit.  This includes the loss of MEAL.  These are 
the commitments we had put out there, primarily all green.  
International is on a good momentum and hopefully we should finish 
F26 with the 2X growth. 
 
A little bit on the product portfolio and the capacities.  So, this is the 
recap of the slide that we had put out, which spoke about the number 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 30 
of products we'll launch by 2030.  Out of these 6 products have been 
launched.  So, you're familiar with them 3 + these 3, so 6 products 
have been launched out of that.  What this then does it says that, 
okay, these are the products that will get launched by 2030, but of 
course the pipeline doesn't stop, and we have new ideas, and they 
will move into execution.  So, we should have a larger pipeline which 
will update at the appropriate time.  So, there's a lot of excitement 
still to come our way on the product front.  In the calendar year 2026, 
we expect 3 ICE products, two born electric products, and two LCV's 
in calendar year 2026.  Out of those 3, two are mid cycle refreshes. 
 
On 15th of August, we'll talk about a new platform vision.  It will be 
the set of products that will start coming out from 2027 on this 
platform.  I'm not going to say more about it at this stage.  We will 
wait for 14th - 15th August when we will talk about the platform and 
we'll talk about to show you some concepts that are going to come 
out from it.  There is no launch of a new product on 15th August this 
time. 
 
This is slide on capacity.  While it has a granular breakup, the key 
points are the Thar capacity will move from 9,000 to 10,500, that's 
1500 addition or 9,500 to 11,000.  The 3XO capacity moves up by 1500 
to about 11,000, and we are going to create 1.2 lakhs of new capacity 
in Chakan plant for the platform that I just spoke about.  On top of 
that, we are planning a Greenfield plant, which we have not decided 
the site of yet, which will prepare us for a whole new lot of products 
and debottlenecking the capacity that we have on some of our 
current products that will be F28 and beyond.  So, broadly that is what 
I had, and with that, Amar.  Thank you. 
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua 
Okay.  I'll just round out what you heard.  Revenue up 14%.  I'll just 
point out auto was up 19% on a consolidated basis here, Farm was up 
6% on which domestic was up 15%.  So, it's really the international 
markets which have brought down the revenue growth to single digit 
for farm.  Mahindra Finance was up 17% and our growth gems were 
also collectively up double digit.  So, a lot of strong momentum on the 
top line side that you saw in F25, which translated into very strong 
operating results.  Of course, the margin rates are higher because we 
also got a lot of operating leverage across our businesses.  So, auto 
had 25% growth in profitability year-over-year.  Farm had 30% growth 
in profitability year-over-year, and we continue to see very strong 
profit growth in TECH M.  As you know, that's not operating at full 
potential.  There's lot more to do, but it was up more than 80% year-
over-year, and so was Mahindra Finance.  In the quarter, we did take 
a charge in Mahindra Finance that they talked about in our rural 
housing business. 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
On a standalone basis, Mahindra Finance is up 33%, but consolidated 
basis up 16% year-over-year on profitability as well.  So, very strong 
results there.  This just shows the contribution.  I would like to point 
out.  I'll spend a little bit of time on that 156 because you know there's 
a large impairment that we have taken in standalone, but the impact 
you see is 156 in console.  So, I just want to explain that a little bit, but 
I do want to focus on the last bucket which is the services bucket.  
That's up INR 250 crores but do bear in mind last year we had a susten 
flip of assets to the InvIT as well as Teqo you know as we sold the stake 
etc., so that gain once you take out is still a substantial increase in 
Growth Gems year-over-year, and services portfolio largely on 
account of Tech M and Mahindra Finance, you know doing much 
better year-over-year.  This is the standalone view, 17% revenue 
growth, 17% excluding KG Mobility, 11% including KG Mobility.  This 
does carry the full impact of the impairment of INR 654 crores that 
Rajesh had spoken about.  So, I will spend a little bit of time more on 
this standalone than consolidated.  You all know these numbers 
already for consolidated M&M up 20% in profitability, INR 150 odd 
crore impact because of the impairment.  So, not material for us to 
call out which is why we haven't called out. 
 
This number though which is the standalone result of INR 2,437 in PAT 
carries a INR 654 crore impact because of the impairment.  Now, what 
is that walk from INR 654 crore in standalone to the INR 156 crore you 
see in consolidated? What happens is when we consolidate the 
investment made into subsidiaries, it gets knocked off against the 
equity in those subsidiaries.  So, the only thing you carry in 
consolidated are their profits or losses.  So, what INR 156 crore versus 
INR 654 crore effectively denotes is the losses that we have already 
taken on those subsidiaries in our consolidated books over time.  So, 
that's why the impact in consolidated is much smaller than what we 
do in standalone.  In standalone, we have basically written off a big 
chunk of our investment in those entities given the pivot we are doing 
in both those businesses that Rajesh spoke about.  So hopefully that's 
clear, but if there are more questions I can answer that.  So, on a 
standalone basis, pretty material, which is why we are calling out that 
from an operating results standpoint, the business did deliver a 55% 
growth in profits in the quarter led primarily by auto and very strong 
results from Farm as you would have seen. 
 
Anish alluded to this close to INR 10,000 crores of cash generated 
during the year, something we are extremely proud of.  It shows that 
the operating results that you saw in prior pages are all translating 
into cash as well, which is always a great sign.  So, there is not a lot of 
nonoperating income as such which is driving that.  These INR 10,000 
crores now takes us up to INR 28,000 crores at an M&M level 
standalone plus MEAL plus LMM level.  This is not the group view of 
course and gives us a lot of ability to invest in some of our growth 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 30 
businesses.  You are aware of the two or three investments we are 
doing.  You are aware of SML, you are aware of the rights issues for 
some of our subsidiary companies.  So, there will be some reduction 
in this cash, but the cash generation on a quarterly basis also is pretty 
significant.  So, we hope to deliver much more cash in the coming year 
as well in F26 as well.  So, with that, we'll wrap up here and I'm sure 
there's a lot of questions that we can take. 
Divya Gulati  
Okay.  We'll just proceed with the Q&A session.  Binay, please go 
ahead.  That's Binay from Morgan Stanley. 
Binay Singh: 
 
Hi team, congratulations on a good set of numbers.  My question is on 
the electric vehicle side in particular focusing on mix and margins.  As 
we know, when we started, the EV has made a very strong mix, 
something that you alluded to in your opening comment also.  As time 
is passing by, how do you see that mix changing and will it have an 
impact on margins? Secondly, on margins from our understanding 
generally we see that electric vehicles tend to have lower operating 
leverage than ICE vehicles given there's a very large component that 
is outsourced and this company is also sitting within Mahindra, so 
maybe is already getting some of the sort of fixed cost benefits.  So, if 
you could do some breakdown into gross margins and variable 
margins for EVs or fixed cost so that we can build that trajectory about 
what are the key milestones to track on EVs in terms of margin 
improvement? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Yeah.  Thanks, Binay.  So, on the mix to give you an insight, the mix 
that we have on current deliveries, sorry on current bookings is still 
very skewed to the top end, which is pack 3 more than 75%.  We 
believe that the mix will start changing when we put out display and 
test drive vehicles or pack 2 and pack 1.  While inquiries are good on 
Pack 1 and Pack 2, they don't get converted right now into bookings 
because people do want to see the vehicles before they book.  So, the 
current booking momentum is still very skewed to Pack 3, which 
means that for some period of time, a large amount of the volumes 
that we sell will have a mix similar to this, obviously not identical to 
this because right now we are selling only Pack 3.  So, the quarter 4 
sales and the quarter 1 sales, I think yeah, all of quarter 1 is Pack 3 
only.  So, the current mix will continue for what we saw last quarter 
and what will happen this quarter.  To start growing volumes, we will 
have to have a reasonable mix in Pack 1 and Pack 2 because 
otherwise, we will saturate at a price point which you will not be able 
to sustain high volumes at this price point.  So, we will have to start 
getting at least 25%-30% of our volumes from Pack 2 and Pack 1.  We 
have lots of learnings out of the current process, which will lead us to 
re-variant a little bit and we are working on that.  For example, there 
is a very large segment of people who will want 79 kWh in lower 
packs.  Now, this has been very different than the assumption in which 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 30 
we went that 79 kWh will give only in the top end and everything else 
will be 59.  This is because there is a segment of people for whom 
range is really important and they will value range over many of the 
other features that we are offering.  So, we will have to re-variant, and 
create some new variants which are 79 kWh which with lesser other 
tech, so that consumers get the 450 km, 500 km, 500 km plus range, 
which we are promising.  That's a big-big differentiation.  Nobody else 
has 79 kWh, and a 79 kWh which is giving the kind of range that 
customers are beginning to experience is a big selling point because it 
breaks range anxiety which was otherwise a barrier.  So, there are 
some things like this which we will adapt and work on, but that's the 
question on the mix at this point of time. 
 
On operating leverage, firstly the benefit because they're in the same 
plant in Chakan,  there is an automatic operating leverage benefit that 
comes out of being in the same plant.  The paint shop and lot of the 
utilities are common.  Manpower is fungible between shops.  So, we 
can move people around depending on how production is ramping up 
for individual models in that plant.  So, that's a huge benefit we have 
of not running a separate plant where you don't have fungibility.  The 
fixed costs sitting in the MEAL organization are very limited, very, very 
low manpower there.  It's mainly the sales teams.  All manufacturing 
fixed costs are sitting in what you saw as the conversion cost.  So, all 
the benefits of operating leverage that come in on that cost and it will 
be actualized.  So, while there is a conversion cost as an estimate it 
will get actualized to - at the end of the year it will actualize to the 
actual utilization of resources or cost in the plant.  Does that answer 
your question on operating leverage and fixed cost? 
Binay Singh 
Yeah.  Yeah.  Just to sort of understand then what should we try to 
sort of build a margin rising from here on? Will it be localization then 
or will it be you know pricing or more scale like how to think about 
that? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
So, the biggest variable I think will be the mix of packs and that 
honestly, we have to see how that plays out.  So, on the one hand, we 
do think that the mix has to move to Pack 2 and Pack 1, otherwise we 
are not going to get volumes are only Pack 3, but you never know.  I 
mean you know Xuv 700 completely surprised us after even three 
years or four years of launch, we are at 75% plus of Top 2 variants.  I 
mean we never know you may be surprised.  But at this point of time, 
we are assuming that we need at least at least 25% of the other two 
packs.  So, I think mix will be one big variable.  The sell prices are 
indexed, so you know any benefit that is happening out of sell prices 
being moderated downward around the world, which is what is 
happening does translate back to us.  So, we are indexed on that and 
that's an important factor from a material cost.  I don't think the fixed 
cost is going to be a big variable in this equation for the reason that I 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 30 
told you because it's all within the Chakan plant.  So, I would think that 
two key things to track will be the sell price movement around the 
world, which will come in with the one quarter lag and the mix.  Right 
now, unless the other Packs pick up, we would be wary about taking 
a price increase in hurry.  We will take some price increases soon, but 
nothing planned immediately.   
Dr. Anish Shah 
And for EBIT margin, obviously the volume because depreciations got 
to go over longer. 
Binay Singh 
Great.  I will come back.  Thank you. 
Divya Gulati 
Thanks.  Kapil, please proceed. 
Kapil Singh 
Thanks.  Just a follow up on the margins for EVs, are all the cost 
capitalized, depreciation etc. are fully factored in? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Depreciation on the two products that we've launched are fully 
captured in now in the quarter.  Yeah, starting fourth quarter, yeah, 
starting fourth quarter.  Anything to add. 
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua 
No, I think it's all driven by SOP of vehicles.  So, there is more cost 
which is getting capitalized, and it will get depreciated when the next 
product gets launched and all that. 
Kapil Singh 
Okay, and just as the volumes rise right from here, you know, what 
impact does it do to bring on the cost per unit, is there economy of 
scale benefits also that we should expect? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
I think Kapil maybe, Anish, answered that.  I think the biggest benefit 
you'll see in absorption of depreciation that's the biggest benefit that 
the volume scale up you will  know the impact because full 
depreciation happening upfront.  It's not being, so we are fully 
depreciating the programs as we are launching them.  We are 
capitalizing it, so the depreciation effect is fully in for the products you 
launch. 
Dr. Anish Shah 
In addition, also in terms of what we have done for ICE typically a year 
or two into it, some element of reengineering to reduce the cost. 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Yes. 
Kapil Singh 
My question was on that line. 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 30 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
 
Yeah.  So, there are cost reduction programs underway on both the 
products that we've launched like we do in any ICE products.  So, 
thanks, Anish.  So, that will have a positive impact as well. 
Kapil Singh 
Okay.  And just one question is overall, you know on demand side for 
the industry we hear typically you know industry body as well as some 
of the other leading OEM's talking about very low growth this year, 
and we're talking about mid to high teens kind of growth.  So, just you 
know, how are you thinking about that from M&M's perspective, not 
only for next year, but when I see the capacity expansion plan, I see 
that capacity is probably growing at somewhere around 15% CAGR as 
well for next few years.  So, if you could give some insights on how do 
you see or where do you see that demand coming from? I know you 
can't talk about products, but generally as a direction if you can give 
us some color? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
 
Yeah.  So, Kapil, I wouldn't read capacity expansion one-on-one with 
growth, and the reason I'm saying that is there are some products out 
of the new products that are going to come which will replace some 
of the existing products.  So, you know it's not that all new capacity 
will be incremental by way of new volume addition.  So, some 
capacities are going to be on a completely new product which is 
expected to replace, say a current product in the portfolio or the 
current product in the portfolio will drop its volume significantly and 
be cannibalized by a new product.  So, I wouldn't read capacity 
increase automatically matching volume increase.  That being said, 
you know we do see that India is at a very early stage of inflection 
point on vehicle penetration.  You know, vehicle penetration in India 
still in the region of 10%-12% way below what any international 
market is.  So, for an economy of our size and scale and especially with 
road infrastructure building, our view is that vehicle penetration in 
India will move up significantly from here and we should be well 
poised to leverage that growth story.  So, I think we are very optimistic 
about the way the market is growing, but I wouldn't necessarily add 
what you see as the capacity number and equate that to a volume 
number. 
Kapil Singh 
Sure, and for the current year, what are your thoughts like you know, 
are you expecting the ICE portfolio also to keep growing and is it that 
SUV's are growing much faster and that's why you are expecting much 
higher growth than the industry also? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Yeah, I mean just in. 
Kapil Singh 
Sorry, just one more addition, like if you can give some color, are you 
seeing cannibalization between EVs and ICE as well? 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 30 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
 
You know, surprisingly not.  We were actually expecting more 
cannibalization than what we are seeing at the moment.  It's much 
lesser than what we would have expected.  So, it's a very low level of 
cannibalization at this point of time.  We have, at least in the first way, 
many customers were buying the electric were non-Mahindra 
owners, and I'm sure you will pick that up anecdotally.  I mean it's a 
very different target group that's coming in and they were not people 
who are buying Mahindra or even ever considering a Mahindra if I 
may you know, stretch the argument to say that.  The reason we are 
optimistic on growth is for the full year is 2 things.  Thar Roxx was not 
there for six months of last year.  We will have a 12-month volume 
this year.  So, we have to keep that at the back of our mind. 
 
3XO was not there for first two months, so you have for 12 months of 
3XO whereas your 10 months or 3XO last year and neither of these 
were replacement products.  So, when we did not have 3XO, so we 
did not sell 300 in that period of time either because we have phased 
it out.  So, these are two factors that you have to keep in when you 
are thinking about how we think about growth, and because the EV's 
are getting in a completely different target group, we believe that a 
lot of the EV volume will be additional incremental without 
cannibalization.  So, these are some of the things that we are keeping 
at the back of our mind.  We have also seen that our three-door is on 
a very strong momentum.  It has not slowed down with Roxx coming.  
They're just appealing to two totally different segments.  So, we see 
that continue as well.  So, I mean, we're putting all of this together in 
our best wisdom, we believe that yes, we will do better than the 
market. 
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua 
 
I was just going to add exports also are starting to 
Yeah, because of the new products, not necessarily because South 
Africa, Australia, very strong momentum in those markets now. 
Kapil Singh 
Sure. 
Dr. Anish Shah 
It is the strength of the product portfolio that's driving it and you know 
similar to your question, last year also when we said mid to high teens 
there was a question, are you sure because the market seems to be 
at a much lower level and as this year, we feel that the product 
portfolio and its strength will help us grow faster than market in F26 
as well. 
Kapil Singh 
Sure, best wishes for that.  That's it from my side. 
Divya Gulati 
Yeah.  I'll just come back to you, Pramod.  One question we'll take 
online.  This is from Chandramouli at Goldman, question on Farm and 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 30 
another one on Auto.  On the Farm, the question is you have delivered 
a strong farm margin in a seasonally weak quarter for the tractors.  Is 
there any one-off margin benefit or does this set stage for a new base 
of margin potential in the farm business? The second question for 
Auto is that for the ICE SUV launch for 26, is this going to be a 5-seater 
or a 7-seater? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Okay.  On the first question, I said we should ask Hemant quickly 
before he changes his role in an hour or so from now.  But jokes aside, 
there's no one time.  We are delighted by the 20.8% margin, but 
there's no one time in that.  It's all real correction.  The critical thing 
is the level of competitive intensity that we would expect starting this 
season from competition, and if that level of intensity is very high, 
then we may need to respond to make sure that we don't lose market 
share.  We will not do anything irrational, and we are very mindful of 
managing margins, but we did not have as much competitive intensity 
in quarter 4 relative to what we've seen in some quarters in the past.  
So, if the same environment continues, then yes, but we would expect 
a higher level of competitive intensity. 
 
On the second question on is there a 5-seater or not on first-hand 
account what we are launching.  Vijay, you want to help me, the 5-
seater?  No. 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
No.  No 5-seater I think, yeah.  No, there's no 5-seater. 
Divya Gulati 
Alright, sure, Pramod, please proceed. 
Pramod Kumar 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity and I think a great set of numbers, 
great sort of execution.  But on the EV side, if you can just help us 
understand with the initial deliveries, the -niggles, what's been the big 
learning and how quickly can we incorporate those learning into the 
products what we're executing on the variants, what we're executing? 
I'm just trying to understand, will there be sustained efforts to kind of 
keep improving the product fix this or we kind of reach the stage we 
are quite comfortable about the software niggles and now because 
we haven't seen any mechanical failures or hardware failure, which is 
I think is a good thing, but on the niggle side, how far away from 
reaching a steady state and how quickly or how much can we 
incorporate all of this into our execution or the new products of the 
new variating what you're doing?  I’m just talking the learning curve 
here as to how it's been so far and how you look at it going forward? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Yeah.  As I had mentioned last time, Pramod, we've learned a lot on 
customer usage even as we went through the test drives.  One of the 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 30 
calls, I'm just taking an example and you know which I had spoken 
about that and one of the media interactions as well. 
 
We kind of felt that customers tend to the cars really fast and 
powerful, and for those of you who have driven it, I think many of you 
drove it on the track, but we found people just getting into race mode 
even in a city or as soon as they get and you know the lot of in crazy 
driving on this car, so we decided to introduce two things even before 
we were launching.  One was what we called a default mode.  So, the 
default mode is what you get your car with that simulates the driving 
cycle of a XUV 700.  So, now when you get your BEV, you actually get 
the driving cycle of an XUV 700, then you can pick your three other 
modes if you want.  Now, we decided that this was something that we 
must do, starting from day one of deliveries.  We also added a voice 
message to say that this is a very powerful vehicle drive it responsibly, 
something to that effect.  I'm just taking an example of a learning that 
we got out of what we were seeing happening on test drives, dealer 
test drives people just like driving at 140 Kmph and because we have 
the ability to, you know, see all the data on cloud, we could actually 
see test drive vehicles being driven at 140 Kmph, and we said that this 
is not a behavior that we want to encourage and we created a 
complete new mode called a default mode and we decided that all 
the vehicles which were at stockyards or even in dealerships waiting 
for delivery, we needed to upgrade the software. 
 
Now this process tended to get more complicated than we thought 
because there were multiple levels of flashing, and we learned a lot 
out of the fact that the Internet speed has claimed in each location 
where you're doing a software update has nothing to do with the 
declared speed, and when you're doing a software update, and if 
that's taking, say, 2 hours, and the speed drops of the Internet, the 
whole process would start again.  So, there were a lot of learnings on 
doing, you know, things of this kind, which was something we wanted 
to do before we actually delivered the 1st order vehicles.  So, we 
missed customer dates because you know, till this was not done, we 
were finding, because it was festival time, Navratra when we started 
our deliveries leading into Gudi Padwa, there was a lot of pressure 
from customers, customers were pressurizing dealers to give vehicles 
to them which were not completely updated, and we then started - 
we put a stop to that process, and then we started missing dates to 
customers.  There was a lot of learning that we got through that, but 
even as customers are driving vehicles, there are learnings coming on, 
things that we need to improve and we will keep updating the product 
as we learn out of it, but like you said, fundamentally the product is 
really doing very well.  There are no glitches, is not the word you know 
using software updates smartly to enhance customer experience is 
really what we would want to do, and we would do that on an ongoing 
basis.  For example, we did not have car, Apple Car play in place that's 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 30 
now ready.  We will be going in for updates on Apple Car play on all 
the vehicles whether they're Android or Apple customers.  So, that's 
one intervention that will happen now.  So, we are continuously 
working on feedback and we'll try to keep updating the product, but 
fundamentally we have a set of very happy customers. 
Pramod Kumar 
Talking of feedback, ADAS being on throughout is I think is a big issue 
I see on the social media, especially on Internet forum I have been, so 
hope that will also be addressed because a lot of customers in India 
it's not an ideal condition in many traffic as in congested streets.  So, 
hope that's there, and second question on the localization and the PLI 
timelines, because I understand you wouldn't be PLI, would you say 
certified at this point of time.  So, where are we in that journey where 
do we see the localization when the time out gets over or when it 
comes through? And what could be if you can financially quantify the 
impact or what it could be because you're taking more and more share 
of the pool of the EVs, which are getting sold and there's a fixed pool 
and if you get a good start, if the product keeps continue to have a 
good run with localization, the benefits can be meaningful.  So, if you 
can just help us understand that bit, will be really helpful? Thank you. 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Yeah.  So, on XUV 9E, we had applied for PLI.  It meets the norms.  We 
had the option of whether we could take a chance and accrue it in the 
quarter which we just went by.  We felt that it's better to be cautious 
about accrual at this stage given its the first PLI application and the 
processes that you need a technical certification that can come.  You 
can accrue it without the technical certification, but we've taken a call 
to be cautious about it and accrue that when we get the technical 
certification.  It seems that we will get it.  It's just that we want to wait 
for that technical certification to come before we start accruing it.  
When we accrue it, we will accrue it for the total volume right for 
everything we have sold from day one.  So, in whichever quarter we 
accrue it, it will be a cumulative accrual for the whole volume that's 
sold.  It's probably going to be - the certificate should come back 
quarter 2, I think.  We would expect that to come by quarter 2. 
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua 
Quantification.  Let's wait on it because you know it's sensitive and 
we'll have to see what the government actually approves. 
Pramod Kumar 
It’s meaningful? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
It's meaningful. 
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua 
Yes, of course. 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 30 
Divya Gulati 
Jay, please proceed. 
Jay Kale 
Yeah. Thanks for taking my question and Congrats on a great set of 
numbers.  My first question is on BEVs.  You know, if you see globally 
some of the OEM's have got a sustainable lead on BEVs, have certain 
USP's going for them.  Some of it is of course vertical backward 
integration for some OEMs, some of it is software and superior 
software experience.  As we see, Mahindra's portfolio in the next 
three years, what do you think would be your differentiation versus 
the other OEM's coming in India that will give you a sustainable lead, 
you know, especially with your aspiration of going global as well in the 
next one or two years maybe? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Yeah, I'll probably break that up into 2-3 points.  So, one point is - a 
couple of points are reinforcing what we've said.  Pre-launch, we've 
said that we want to create an aspirational value at accessible prices 
for a segment that was to be driven by the design that we have in you 
know, right now as vehicles get getting on the road, the design story 
is actually really beginning to play out because the product really has 
an amazing presence on road, and whoever sees both the products 
on the road, the more the vehicles come on road, the more it's going 
to create desirability and aspirational value.  That's the feedback 
we're getting as people are seeing vehicles on road. 
 
The second is, some of the features that we have are not even 
available in top end luxury cars and you know the kind of music, the 
auto park assist are some really, really great features that our 
products have which are available in very high-end luxury cars.  So, 
that's the second part. 
 
The third is, you know, just the EV driving experience, the quietness 
of the vehicle, the refinement, all of that makes for a very good 
experience.  So, these are three things on the product side.  I want to 
add two other points.  The advantage that we have of leveraging 
current assets that was in a way some of the questions that were 
coming in earlier.  One is the fact that, we are not setting up a separate 
factory entirely to do this.  So, we have the benefit of leveraging 
existing manufacturing assets.  The second is we have the benefit of 
leveraging existing dealer network.  So, from a dealer network viability 
point of view, the dealer gets viability by way of additional throughput 
without disproportionate additional investment.  It's not going to be 
easy for any global player to come and create a network of 300 outlets 
overnight at the kind of price points that they come in with.  We are 
able to reach the smallest towns because we have a well-established 
dealer network there and get volumes in Tier 2 and Tier 3 towns, but 
you can't create at that price point on network in a Tier 2 and Tier 3 
town, which is going to be viable on an ongoing basis.  So, there are 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 30 
significant incumbent benefits that we have and I think  that itself 
creates set of moat and our competitive advantage for us. 
Dr. Anish Shah 
Yeah, I'll,  underline that part because there are multiple benefits that 
create a much greater value for the customer, and product is a very 
important part of it today.  So, if you look at all of those aspects from 
product to distribution to the value that they see in a very high-quality 
vehicle, that's in some ways, what we shall have for some time at 
least. 
Jay Kale 
Also, you know this journey of software in your vehicle and software 
defined vehicle is relatively new and we've seen globally there are a 
lot of legacy OEM's have, you know, not really been successful in that 
and they've actually invested in many of the startups to get their 
expertise, are you all open to such opportunities, and are you actively 
looking to kind of strengthen this part of your business? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
 
Yeah.  So, we work with multiple, firstly, we've set up, you know, team 
of our own about 200-300 people who work exclusively on this, but 
we've leveraged multiple partnerships, partner different ways to 
leverage partnerships.  The partnership can be a supplier relationship 
or partnership can be an investment in a startup and there are 
multiple other people like in Israel, who have the right technologies, 
who already done that before, then our role becomes integration.  But 
a lot of the software that has gone in is actually the IP’s are owned by 
us.  The battery management system all of that we've done internally 
but using outsource software capability, but I think Pramod had this 
question the last time, all of these IP's are something that you know 
are with us.  So, you know, I think often when we reflect on this, we 
believe that we have a unique advantage of not being so well 
entrenched as auto player like some of the big players in the Western 
world are.  So, we were you know, learning organization without so 
much of legacy, capability, and system that we can't adapt and neither 
are we so new that we don't understand automotive.  So, I think we 
were we have been in a unique sweet spot of having good automotive 
knowledge, but enough humility to say you know we've got to learn 
from whoever we can and do this better. 
Dr. Anish Shah 
I would just add that a lot of credit to our leaders and associates in the 
auto business that have helped create this.  It's not easy to do, and if 
you had asked this question four years ago, right at that point, we 
would have said, you know, wait and see, we shall hope we'll get to 
the right place.  Today, we have gotten to a place where they've 
delivered very strong vehicles.  So, I think I would just give a lot of 
credit to the entire team in auto that's really driven this. 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 30 
Jay Kale 
Absolutely.  I think that's showing in the product.  Just lastly on the 
tractors growth outlook for FY26, I think you did mention on a very 
high single digit if I'm not wrong for FY26? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
For the industry. 
Jay Kale 
Okay.  That's right, and this is what the industry not market share 
gains would be on top of that, if at all? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Thanks for wording it exactly. 
Dr. Anish Shah 
But I must be very clear.  I have said this before and you will hear me 
say this again, we do not go after market share.  Our focus is 
execution.  If execution results in higher market share, we will get it.  
If someone wants to act irrationally, let them act irrationally.  We do 
not go after market share. 
Jay Kale 
Okay.  Thanks, and all the best. 
Divya Gulati 
Thanks.  Thanks Jay.  Gunjan, I'll just come back to you, Gunjan and 
Nitij.  One more question online.  Can you throw light on performance 
of the emerging growth gems, Aero, Accelo, and CLPL and how we are 
going to unlock value there? And just one more question, is there any 
other acquisition or merger opportunity that is expected in the near 
future? 
Dr. Anish Shah 
So, the Growth Gems first, we started today with the scalable growth 
gems because we see a much clearer paths based on execution that 
they have achieved already or based on the potential as well as the 
customer value proposition that is in place.  The three that were 
mentioned here also have a very strong path.  Accelo is one of the 
strongest operating businesses we have.  The plants that they have in 
place, the Say-do ratio is very high in terms of them delivering what 
they have said, and it is one of the larger growth gems.  So, at this 
point, what we're working through is the ambition for Accelo and 
what else will it get into and how can it grow in multiples rather than 
10% or 15% every year.  Once that is done, you will see it on the 
scalable growth gem path much sooner and we have a lot of 
aspiration as well as a lot of confidence in that business.  
Aerostructures, I have talked about earlier, the business has done 
exceedingly well in delivering a very high quality.  As we hear from 
some of our OEM customers who are obviously the largest makers of 
aircraft in the world, they've often positioned us in the same breath 
as companies that are literally 1000 times our size in terms of delivery 
of quality, and that positions this business very well because our OEM 
customers want us to do more with them. 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
Now, this is a business that takes time to grow because every new 
order we get often will take a year or two before revenue starts 
coming in because you need to have that set up from a safety 
standpoint and a quality standpoint and so on, but we recently won 
some strong orders that we have announced publicly as well and it 
positioned this business for very strong growth.  So, this is, I would say 
the next one that's going to come up again in scalable growth gems as 
a business that is very well positioned, can do a lot and will be a long-
term business for us at a much bigger scale then it is today, possibly 
even a 10x or 15x scale, then they there will be.  CLPL has some very 
promising products.  It has won product awards in the last few 
months, and it has very significant ones. That will translate into 
revenue in the marketplace over the next few months, and that's 
going to put that business on a stronger track.  So, just the fact that 
we didn't have details on them today should not mean that we have 
less confidence in the businesses.  I think we have a lot of confidence 
in these businesses as well and we feel that they will be able to grow 
and do very well and we will share more on them as that happens. 
Divya Gulati 
And it was the second question on any M&A 
Dr. Anish Shah 
In inorganic, as we've said, we have a very high bar for it.  We continue 
to look at things.  We've been saying that for the last three years and 
the reason SML happened was because the business is very well 
positioned.  It's done a lot to improve itself.  It has strong leaders in 
place.  It meets the four criteria that we've laid out as well for 
acquisitions, which is it must deliver scale, it must deliver market 
beating returns, it must have a very strong customer value 
proposition as well that we can deliver, and a strong ability to execute.  
So, these are the four things that the business met and therefore we 
went ahead also it was an acquisition at a reasonable valuation and 
one that we feel can bring us meaningful growth.  So, if we see similar 
characteristics in other businesses we are in, we will do those 
acquisitions, and therefore we will continue to be on a lookout, but it 
has to match all those characteristics. 
Divya Gulati 
Thanks.  Gunjan, please proceed. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Thanks.  My question again is on EV business.  Now, that we have a 
few months of learning curve and you know customer feedback, if you 
can talk a little bit about the booking momentum, inquiries that you're 
seeing, what is the customer profile? Is there still a reach sort of an 
issue that we're still available in larger cities not yet available in 
smaller cities? So, how should I think about the volume progression 
for the business and if there is any update to the emission regulation, 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 30 
you know in discussions with the government, how do we think about 
the EV mix in that context? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Yeah.  Thanks, Gunjan.  So, the geographic, we've opened up all critical 
markets as we have said, Tier 1, Tier 2, even Tier 3.  So, I don't think 
there's a geographic set of towns that will open up.  One of the things 
we haven't yet done, which we'll do in the next few days is, we haven't 
yet got into sharing committed delivery dates with customers who are 
in the waiting, but at this point of time, we would expect the average 
waiting period to be about four months based on what we have.  We 
have built in a process learning out of previous launches, we alluded 
to that the last time which we call validating KYC.  So, every booking 
that we have, we do Know Your Customer database validation to 
make sure that the booking is genuine.  So, that's the process we've 
learned over the last two launches based on some of the feedback 
from earlier launches.  So, this is a process which is in place in the 
electric vehicles as well.  The booking momentum continues to be very 
steady and very strong.  The new booking momentum.  There is a 
cancellation rate on day one bookings as it has happened with 
previous launches, especially because of waiting time and here there 
is an uncertainty of waiting time.  The reason we did not want to come 
at waiting time, as we did, want to wait a little bit to see how 
production ramp up was stabilizing, and as we are now have got 
confidence in our per day production rate, we will be putting out 
committed dates to customers.  So, there is a little bit of uncertainty 
amongst people who had booked because we haven't given dates, but 
the average waiting time is going to be about four months would be 
my guess as an average right now. 
 
So, the few learnings to your question 1 is, this is a business which we 
don't want to be rash and ramping up for two reasons.  One is, there 
is a lot of product complexity.  We are learning new technologies as 
we ramp up and so are our suppliers.  So, we have to be very cautious 
in the way we ramp up production.  But over the last 40 days, we've 
also learned that we need to be as cautious on the delivery process 
with customers and it is way, way, way more complex than what we 
thought or what we are used to in the ICE world.  It takes minimum 2 
hours to do a delivery to a customer, minimum, and even often that's 
not enough.  We need a follow up people to go back home.  There are 
apps which have to be installed, there are apps have to be installed 
on multiple phones in the family.  All of this takes time and resource 
you know so while we may have had three or four people who are 
experts at a dealership.  In the big dealerships, the delivery 
momentum is way more than what we have the bandwidth to give a 
really good experience to the customer.  So, we've actually decided to 
slow down the pace of deliveries through April and May to make sure 
that we are not compromising on the experience to the customer 
because with this profile of customer, the experience is so important.  

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 30 
I mean if one app is not properly installed you know on say the 
spouse’s phone it is a major irritant and I'm not exaggerating this, and 
of course you know, Anish was one of those customers we did. 
Dr. Anish Shah 
Spouse’s phone is very important. 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
We were not able to manage it as day one experience delivery.  So, 
you know we have learnt out of that.  You know multiple such 
learning.  So, you know we've kind of said that any delivery experience 
has to be minimum two to three hours.  We've developed tutorials, 
videos so on and so forth and we find all of that is not enough.  You 
know the tutorials are not fully seen.  The video is not fully seen and 
then you know, people get into a how do you get the best out of your 
car kind of thing.  So, the learning is that we have to ramp this up 
slowly you know as I mentioning to few people.  Customers don't give 
us an appointment to, you know, align on the charging installation 
well in advance of the delivery you know, then the delivery is 
happening at a certain date, charger is not ready because you know 
everything is not close.  So, all of these things are things we've got to, 
you know, streamline fully, and so the ramp up on the front end is as 
important as the ramp up on the back end, and you know we would 
rather give ourselves two or three months to you know build this 
capability and rhythm rather than be in the mindset of let's get the 
numbers out.  I mean that's not a priority at the moment.  The priority 
is to do this well. 
Divya Gulati 
CAFE norms? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Yes, thanks.  CAFE norms.  I think it's status quo.  Exactly the same 
negotiation that is going on between SIAM and the government and 
multiple ministries continue.  So, there is no greater clarity than we 
had.  Yeah.  SIAM has one view, which it did last time, but there is no 
closure yet on what we are finally going with.  So, our guess is if it does 
happen in 2027, about 25% of our portfolio will need to be there to 
meet the CAFE norm that are under discussion roughly, that's the 
number. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Just very quickly, when I look at the production capacity, there is 7,500 
EV capacity, 3,000 is what we are roughly producing right now.  Is it 
all flexible you know basis the customer choice we are seeing now you 
know, not just the battery packs, but there are a lot of spec changes 
that we're seeing.  So, is the production capacity that flexible at the 
supplier end as well that you can ramp up the pack you want, or the 
variant you want? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
Yeah, that's a great question, Gunjan.  So, firstly, we've 
operationalized 5000 a month as we said and not operationalized the 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 30 
7,500 because that was the first phase of, if you recall what we said 
the last time we met that we will go at the rate of 5,000 per month in 
the initial phase of ramp up. 
 
Pre the launch, we had skewed capacity much more to BE6 than 9E 
because our assumption was that that will get more of a demand, but 
as we started the test drives, we could see that you know we are 
tending more to 9E than BE6 and that roughly that number right now 
is I think 60:40; 60 in favor of 9E.  So, we triggered starting in 
November or December the increase in specific 9E parts to reach that 
level.  So, by I think June or July, we would be ready with the right mix 
of 9E based on the fact that we triggered that 5-6 months back.  The 
battery pack is identical between the two products and you know 
whether 79 kWh or 59 kWh is fungible, because it's just modules that 
go into the same pack.  So, we have on the battery capacity side, it's 
completely fungible between 79 kWh and 59 kWh.  We also have now 
following a supply chain process where we've identified what is 
unique and what is common between all the packs, and then so we 
are not ordering by variants now we are ordering by exclusive parts 
versus common parts and we are following a process by which we are 
building inventory on exclusive parts so that there can be variability 
and the common parts anyway is safe.  It will get consumed 
irrespective of the pack we produce.  But like I said, the real proof of 
what the mix will be is, when we get the pack 2 and Pack 1 out in the 
dealerships for people to see and drive and then we'll know and see 
what level we are stabilizing at. 
Divya Gulati 
Nitij, please proceed. 
Nitij Mangal 
Good evening.  Thanks for taking my question.  Actually, I wanted to 
go back to the ICE portfolio.  XUV 700, where do you see that product 
in its life cycle and what do You need to do, let's say this year, next 
year, beyond the pricing actions on that product? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
You know, every product goes through its recycle or enhancement 
and so will they set the appropriate time. 
Nitij Mangal 
Any, more details, you can share. 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
I think that's as much as I can stretch myself. 
Dr. Anish Shah 
It continues to do well right now, it continues to have good demand 
for it.  It's well positioned in the marketplace versus its competitors 
also. 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 30 
Nitij Mangal 
Yeah, I don't doubt that.  It's just that you want to take your actions 
before the AGM happens or after the AGM happens? 
Dr. Anish Shah 
Yeah, actions are underway. 
Nitij Mangal 
Going back to EV's, how confident are you on the supply chain, 
especially because it seems generally a lot of supply chain is linked to 
China, there are already restrictions around rare earth metals etc.  So, 
how do you think that dependence is for you and how can that be 
mitigated? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
I'll just maybe clarify on the rare metal thing because you know it's 
maybe not, the interpretation of that is not as clear.  So, the intention 
of restricting rare metal is directly linked to end use.  I'm talking about 
India.  I'm not talking about the rare metal between China and U.S., 
that's a different dimension.  So, for India, they're basically wanting to 
restrict end use to not allowing it to go into guns and weaponry.  
That's the categorization.  So, basically there are two sets of 
interpretations.  One is any part that has a rare metal in it made in 
China, there is no restriction on today, any part that is the pure rare 
metal which then needs a certification of end use.  Okay, so there are 
two categories.  There are a bunch of parts which have rare metal 
already in them.  In China, there's no restriction on the export.  If a 
rare metal is getting exported standalone for adding in on any other 
country in the world.  Like we have some parts from China which go 
to Hungary as a Tier 3 to Tier 2 supplier.  I'm just taking Hungary as an 
example.  Then, the supplier in Hungary who is buying the rare metal 
from China this is not an India specific that's I'm taking a European 
example, has to get an end use certification done.  With an end use 
certification which says that that rare metal is not going to guns or 
weaponry.  There's no problem in exporting it.  Now, what is not clear 
at the moment is the process that has to be followed to get this end 
use certification.  So, the intention is not to stop rare metal usage in 
automotive industry or any other related industry, it's related to an 
end use.  Right now, we are well covered by way of inventory on each 
of these components and hopefully by that time, this issue of how to 
get end use certification in the few parts which are not will get 
clarified.  So, that's on the rare metal hope that answers the rare 
metal question. 
Nitij Mangal 
Yeah.  Just one more on the tractor side.  So, for a very long time, we 
didn't see market shares changing too much and what are you 
executing right over the last few years to gain this market share and 
how much more can this right execution continue? Thanks. 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
I will give Hemant the last word.  Hemant, you want to answer? 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 30 
Mr. Hemant Sikka 
I would just say that there is not one thing that we have done because 
if it was one thing we would have done many years back.  So, there 
are several small things that we have done right from some product 
gaps that we had right from some channel interventions, certain 
improvements in our manufacturing and processes quality, and 
getting better understanding of our customers.  So, I would say 5-6 
things that we have done together, which is kind of helping us do 
much better.  It's not one thing, it's not easily copyable by our 
competition, so I think we have built something which will sustain. 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
I will just add a couple of things to what Hemant said.  So, on the 
product side, we were weak in the, so to say lightweight horticulture 
segment, we didn't have products there and we had shared that, so 
you know, Swaraj did the Target and the Mahindra brand did OJA.  
Collectively, they've added in that less than 30 horsepower segment 
5 share points.  So, that would be 1 factor that has been in addition.  
The whole relaunch of Swaraj and Naya Swaraj with an enhanced 
product bringing in the Mahendra Dhoni as the brand ambassador. 
Mahendra Dhoni, we don't generally believe as brand ambassador, 
but because he was a Swaraj customer, and owning a Swaraj in his 
farm in Ranchi, you know we kind of brought Dhoni in as an authentic 
brand ambassador who's the user of the product.  I think Swaraj Brand 
needed a youthful modernity dimension to it.  So, you know with the 
sheet metal change, upgradation of the product, and the marketing 
around Dhoni added a lot of fillip to the Swaraj.  A few important 
actions on the Mahindra branch side was around the YUVO brand, 
which got refreshed and made mainstream and more affordable, 
created a set of products.  Some of the Mahindra products in that mid 
horsepower segment were not, well, not best suited for Agri 
applications because they didn't have the right backup torque but you 
know, correcting the price point of through cost interventions on the 
Yuvraj range created accessibility and growth, so there were, like 
Hemant said multiple actions on product, channel and all of that 
which helped this happen.  So, it's not a swing one month, you've seen 
that over 8-10 quarters because there's been multiple initiatives 
which has led to that. 
Divya Gulati 
I will just take one last question.  This is from Raghu of Nuvama.  First 
on LMM, can you share the broad revenue and profitability for LMM 
and second on tractors for F26, which regions are we expecting to do 
better and does doing better in South and West mean more market 
share for us? 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar 
LMM was profitable in F25, revenue was in the region of 3,000 crore 
plus right, it was in the region of 3,000 crore plus and it was profitable.  
I think the profit number you will get in the annual report.  So, we will 
wait for that. 

 
 
 
 
         Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
         May 5, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
On the regions question, the South and Maharashtra continue to be 
favorable by way of industry growth as we get into FY26.  Chhattisgarh 
was a huge outlier for the last 12 to 18 months that straight grew 
some 35%. 
 
Maharashtra turned around, which was very good for us in FY25.  
South and West typically, we have a much stronger competitive 
position as both Mahindra and Swaraj brands and a positive growth 
and those will have a positive weighted effect on the market share. 
Divya Gulati 
Great.  Thank you very much.  On behalf of M&M, I would like to thank 
all of you and please have a great evening and please join us for snacks 
in the adjoining room.  Thank you. 
 
