Regd. Office: 
‘SAURABH’, Chittora Road, Diggi-Malpura Road 
Tehsil: Phagi, JAIPUR- 303 904, Raj. (INDIA) 
Phone: +91-141-2623266, 2622697  FAX  : +91-141-2621491 
Email: companysecretary@gravitaindia.com 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
GRAVITA INDIA LTD. 
Corp. Office :Gravita Tower, A-27 B, Shanti Path, 
Tilak Nagar, JAIPUR-302004, Rajasthan (INDIA) 
Phone 
 : +91-141-2623266, 2622697  FAX  : +91-141-2621491 
Web  : www.gravitaindia.com  
CIN:- L29308RJ1992PLC006870 
 
 
7th May, 2025 
GIL/2025-26/18 
 
  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the Quarter and Year ended March 31st, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript 
of the earnings conference call for the Quarter and Year ended March 31st, 2025 conducted on 5th May, 
2025 for your information and records.  
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Company: 
https://www.gravitaindia.com/investors/financial-details  
 
This is for your kind information and records.  
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Gravita India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Nitin Gupta 
(Company Secretary) 
FCS: 9984 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Fax No.: 022-22721919 
Scrip Code- 533282 
The Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex,  
Bandra(east) Mumbai- 400 051 
Fax No.: 022-2659 8120 
Company Code- GRAVITA 
NITIN 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by NITIN GUPTA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=302013, 
l=Jaipur, st=Rajasthan, street=94-B 
Murlipura, Jaipur, Rajasthan India- 302013- 
Behind Govt. School, title=3990, 
2.5.4.20=b06401c9a609ebd81b526bd0badd
b42dc4ea8897dfcd0cddc5ec428a611f561a, 
serialNumber=64edf71a99714fa3ea6723068
a8c3414a9e3e05a9e3c14ec5054dbcfbb8fed
a2, email=nitin.gupta@gravitaindia.com, 
cn=NITIN GUPTA 
Date: 2025.05.07 16:52:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Gravita India Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earning’s Conference Call” 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. YOGESH MALHOTRA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GRAVITA INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. VIJAY PAREEK – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
GRAVITA INDIA LIMITED* 
 
MR. NAVEEN SHARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
GRAVITA INDIA LIMITED* 
 
MR. SUNIL KANSAL – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – GRAVITA INDIA LIMITED 
                                    *NON-BOARD MEMBER 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANISH MAHAWAR – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
 
 
 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Gravita India Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Mahawar. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Thank you. Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the 
participants on the 4Q FY '25 earnings call of Gravita India. We have Mr. Yogesh Malhotra, 
Whole Time Director and CEO; Mr. Vijay Pareek, Executive Director; Mr. Naveen Sharma, 
Executive Director; Mr. Sunil Kansal, Whole Time Director & CFO on the call. 
 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Malhotra for opening remarks, 
post which, we shall open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Malhotra. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Manish. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our Q4 and 
FY '25 earnings call. I trust you've had the chance to go through the earnings presentation and 
financial results that were uploaded on the stock exchanges. 
 
I am delighted to share that FY '25 marked a year of strong operational and financial growth for 
Gravita, culminating in the highest ever revenue, EBITDA, and PAT. Our 5 year CAGR of 23% 
in revenue and 57% in PAT underscores the company's strong growth momentum, further 
strengthened by its net debt free status. Before delving into results, I will briefly discuss the 
strategic highlights and project updates. 
 
Credit rating agency ICRA Limited has upgraded our rating to ICRA AA- Stable from ICRA 
A+ Stable. Gravita India Limited has strengthened its global footprint with the strategic 
acquisition of a waste tire recycling plant in Europe. 
 
A special purpose vehicle in Romania has been formed with Gravita Netherlands holding an 
80% equity stake and management control, while local partners hold the remaining shares. With 
a total investment of INR40 crores of which INR32 crores is contributed by GNBV. 
 
The newly acquired waster tire recycling plant has a capacity of 18,000 metric ton per annum. 
This strategic move aligns with Gravita's commitment to expanding its recycling operations and 
advancing sustainability initiatives across Europe. 
 
We are progressing steadily with the setup of a pilot lithium-ion battery recycling project and 
our inaugural rubber recycling facility in Mundra, India. Both are scheduled to be operational 
by the first half of FY '26. The Board of Directors has approved an interim dividend of INR6.35 
per equity share, reinforcing Gravita's position as a consistent dividend paying company with a 
14 years track record of sustainable payouts. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Gravita is meeting strategic strides towards achieving its ESG targets for FY '27, FY '34 and FY 
'50 as outlined in its long term roadmap. Through the integration of ESG principles, the company 
aspires to lead in sustainable practices, foster innovation and maintain robust governance to 
create lasting value and positive community impact. 
 
Coming to the operational performance, on the capacity expansion front, Gravita continues to 
scale operations having reached 3.34 lakh metric ton per annum in capacity in FY '25 and is 
aiming for a significant milestone of 700,000 plus MTPA by FY '28. 
 
The company has capex planning totaling INR1,500 crores to be deployed by FY '28. 
Encompassing both expansion of existing operations and investment in new verticals, including 
lithium-ion, paper, rubber and steel recycling. Of the total, approximately INR1,000 crores is 
allocated to existing verticals while the remaining is earmarked for new initiatives. 
 
On the volume front, we saw an overall growth of 20% and 13% in FY '25 and Q4 FY '25 
respectively. On quarterly basis, volume for lead and aluminium showed an increase of 12% and 
62% on Y-on-Y basis. 
 
Stringent government regulations under BWMR and EPR have driven a significant 60% rise in 
domestically sourced scrap. 43% of the total scrap was sourced from domestic market as 
compared to 30% in last year. 
 
Coming to quarterly EBITDA per ton performance. EBITDA per ton of lead and aluminium 
increased significantly by 6% and 30% on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA per ton of lead was 
INR20,466, aluminium was INR19,836, and plastic was INR9,882. 
 
Moving to consolidated financial results for FY '25. Gravita has reached new milestones posting 
record performance in revenue, EBITDA and PAT. Revenue increased by 22% to INR3,869 
crores. 46% of the revenue came from value-added products which is in line with our Vision 
2029 of achieving 50% revenues from this category. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA increased to INR404 crores, up by 22%. EBITDA margins stood strong at 
10.43%. PAT showed a significant increase of 31% to INR312 crores. PAT margin increased to 
8%. ROIC pre-tax for FY '25 is standing strong at 27%, which is in line with our Vision 2029. 
The cash flow from operations increased significantly from INR42 crores to INR282 crores. 
 
Coming to consolidated financial results for the quarter, revenue for FY '25 increased by 20% 
year-on-year and 4% quarter-on-quarter to INR1,037 crores. Adjusted EBITDA increased to 
INR109 crores, up 17% and 6% on Y-o-Y and Q-on-Q basis respectively. EBITDA margin stood 
strong at 10.5%. PAT showed significant increase of 38% year-on-year and 22% year-on-year 
to INR95 crores. PAT margin stood strong at 9%. 
 
In conclusion, Gravita is making strong strides towards achieving its Vision 2029 with a clear 
strategic focus on scaling existing verticals and expanding into new areas such as lithium-ion, 
rubber, steel and paper recycling. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
The company has set ambitious targets including a volume CAGR of over 25%, profitability 
growth exceeding 35% and ROIC above 25%. It also aims to increase the contribution of its 
non-lead business to over 30%. Sourced more than 30% of its energy from renewables and cut 
energy consumptions by over 10%. 
 
With over 3 decades of experience, 13 environmentally friendly facilities across the globe and a 
footprint in more than 70 countries, Gravita is well positioned for sustained growth. Its robust 
capex and capacity expansion plans, compliance with strict regulatory standards, global presence 
and integrated supply chain form a solid foundation. 
 
This momentum is further reinforced by a commitment to operational excellence, a focus on 
high margin value-added products, proactive risk management through hedging and experienced 
leadership team and strong stakeholder support. 
 
That's all from my end. I would now request to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank 
you, and move over to you moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Amit Lahoti from Emkay. Please go 
ahead.  
Amit Lahoti: 
My first question is on the aluminium business. There is expectation that ADC12 is going to be 
listed on Shanghai Futures Exchange this month. So would it allow us to hedge on SHFE or we 
would still have to wait for MCX listing for ADC12? 
Naveen Sharma: 
It's already there on Shanghai Exchange, ADC12. We were discussing that it will be listed on 
MCX. So that's under the process, because BIS and QCO has been introduced on aluminium 
alloy in December '24, and now process is on. As soon as this is being listed on MCX, then it 
will be -- product will be also approved and listed on MCX India only. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes, Amit, I am Yogesh this side. Actually a substantial part of our aluminium business depends 
on Indian market. So for that business we were targeting MCX registration. Although, our 
overseas businesses does not require that hedging right now because as, Mr. Naveen rightly said 
that it's already there on Chinese exchange, Shanghai Exchange. But we were focusing on MCX 
registration so that our Indian business can also increase. 
Amit Lahoti: 
So is there any clarity in terms of timeline when it could be listed on MCX? 
Naveen Sharma: 
MCX timeline within this H1 or hopefully maybe Q1 possibility. There already processes on. 
Amit Lahoti: 
And then my second question is on growth guidance. So I appreciate that 25% per annum 
revenue growth target is over 5 years and it is not going to be linear. But could you indicate a 
specific guidance range for FY '26 given that there is still some time left before we commission 
the Mundra project. So in H1 of this year there might be some slowness in volumes growth? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
No. So as you rightly mentioned that these -- those growth numbers cannot be linear because it 
all depends on how the capex is being done. So we are planning to do a capex of around INR375-
odd crores this year and the overall plan is to do a capex of around INR1,500 crores in the next 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
3 years. So we are very fairly confident that we will increase the capacities as guided of around 
25% to 30% year-on-year for the next 3 years. 
Amit Lahoti: 
So for this particular year FY '26, if you can give any specific range of guidance of volumes 
growth or revenue growth whichever you're -- 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
It will be in line with the overall projections of around 25%. So it can be around 20% also, 30% 
also depending on how the capex is getting done. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment Managers Limited. 
Bharat Shah: 
First question, the guidance that we repeated for 25% ROCE in excess of 25% ROCE, but I 
thought 2 factors would mean that ROCE should be much higher. One, that as the domestic 
sourcing improves, I suppose working capital relatively will come down. You can -- I mean, I 
don't know whether that is a correct assumption, but you can highlight on that. 
 
And secondly, you also mentioned about 9% net profit margin. Of course, it is for this quarter, 
not for the year. And it is the highest net profit margin in the history of Gravita in any quarter. 
So if this is somewhat like a benchmark, then given the fact that margins would improve as well 
as working capital investment will reduce given the strong growth, should it not mean that ROIC 
should be much higher? Because we've already reached 27% in the year gone by. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, sir, first of all, when we give this ROCE of 25% plus, that is a benchmark that we have 
created that any business that we go into, whether it is existing business in a new geography or 
a new business in some other vertical, that is going to be the benchmark ROCE for us, 25%. So 
any business that come across that is not giving 25% ROCE we would not be going into that. So 
that is a benchmark ROCE.  
 
As far as Indian business is concerned, sir, you are right that the inventory cost would come 
down, but at the same time what will happen is that the margin or the EBITDA per ton or per 
kilogram for Indian scrap is lower than what we get from the overseas market. So the overall 
ROCE is also going to be above 25%, but this is what we are talking about is the consolidated 
ROCE coming from all the verticals across all the plants and including new businesses also. So 
it will not drop down below 25%. So definitely it can go above 25% also. 
Bharat Shah: 
So it would be prudent to assume ROCE in the range of 25% to 30% over the period of time. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes, sir. 
Bharat Shah: 
Secondly, just wanted to understand the expected tax rate, which so far has been in the range of 
11% to 13% or 14%. But going ahead, how do we see the tax rate per se? 
Sunil Kansal: 
Yes, sir. It should be in the range of 12% to 13% only, because there was some treasury income 
in this quarter, so it was slightly higher. But otherwise if we remove that part -- even the treasury 
part, which will be removed gradually as we will be using this money for the business purposes, 
so it should be in the range of 12% to 13% only. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Bharat Shah: 
And one last thing, when you set up a new facility, either within the country or outside, typically 
what is the kind of time it takes for you to set up a new facility? If it is a greenfield or if it is a 
brownfield, what is the kind of time it takes? 
Sunil Kansal: 
Sir, when we talk about India, then it is -- for a greenfield project, it takes anywhere between 1 
to 1.5 years. In a brownfield, we can increase capacity within 6 to 9 months. The only issue 
overseas is that in some countries it takes a long period to get the initial licenses, so everything 
depends on this. 
 
For example, in Dominican Republic, the licenses are taking longer than we had presented. So 
it all depends on licenses. Otherwise, just putting up a plant is not at all an issue for us, because 
as you know that we also make our own plant and machinery equipments, so that can be done 
very easily. The only time that sometimes get delayed is because of these licenses that are to be 
taken from the government. 
Bharat Shah: 
And if I'm permitted, just one last question. On the project side, turnkey projects, are we kind of 
winding down that activity or it is just that the year gone by it has been a muted one? 
Sunil Kansal: 
Yes, yes. So it all depends on where people are putting in more projects or whether they are 
putting more projects or not, so it all depends on that. In fact, we are trying to include other 
verticals also in our project division like rubber and plastic recycling also we are trying to make 
plant and machinery for these verticals also. So we, in any case, are going to increase volumes 
from our turnkey projects. 
 
But the fact remains that it becomes a strategic part of our business because it also gives you the 
benefit in terms of understanding the operational issues and then making plant and equipment 
that supports those operational issues or that can take care of those operational issues. So it's 
kind of a R&D facility for us. So in any case, the volumes may go down on a year-on-year basis 
because of whether people are putting in more capex or not. But this is definitely going to 
increase in years to come. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from Kotak PMS. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Just wanted to understand when any time of you realizing your EPR credit, and how much would 
that be, approximately? 
Sunil Kansal: 
Sir, so the EPR that comes from battery procurement, so most of the procurement, as you know, 
we are doing bit -- our kind of tolling business where we are procuring it on behalf of the major 
OEMs. So the EPR that we generate we pass it on to the battery manufacturers. 
 
But there is also some local procurement that we do and currently those EPRs are with us. In 
future, of course, the quantities of EPR because of local procurement will increase, but that will 
depend basically on this reverse charge mechanism coming into picture for battery scrap also 
which is currently not there. So once that starts then the EPR generation from local supplies 
would also increase. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
So any timeline of realizing the credits? I mean, when will it start flowing into the revenues 
going forward? 
Sunil Kansal: 
So, it will not impact the bottom line. We are very clear that -- because it's a tool that will enable 
you to give higher price for the scrap and then collect those scrap from the local market which 
currently goes to the unorganized sector. So we are not taking any revenues from these EPRs 
going forward. It is going to be profit neutral. Any profit that will come would be incremental 
only and we are not considering those profits in our future growth plan. 
Naveen Sharma: 
Informal to some extent. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for a record performance for the year-end the quarter. Couple of questions from 
my side. The first one is, if I turn Slide #8, where you have mentioned that the profitability of 
overseas operations in Q4 is 25% of overall. Now if I compare it with Q3, the profitability of 
overseas operations was 53%. So just wanted to understand the reason behind this drop. 
 
And, if on long-term basis until FY '29 as you have sounded your key tenets, if we can have a 
similar aspiration for overseas business profitability? 
Sunil Kansal: 
So, you will have to look at our profit on a consolidated basis because what happens is sometimes 
we import a lot of materials from our own plants into India and sometimes we select directly 
depending on what the market is globally. So during those times you'll see some reduction in 
profits from overseas center whereas in Indian plants you'll see higher profits and vice versa 
also. So this is a very dynamic situation. 
 
We look at every quarter on which market is better and whether we should import those material 
into India or we export directly to other countries, so that is one part. And slightly also there was 
some hiccup in our Mozambique operations because there was elections and after elections there 
was certain unrest in that geography. 
 
So part of the profits got diluted because the operations were hit in Mozambique. But now as we 
speak it's in perfectly normal conditions again. So these 2 things that contributed. But major part 
of that increase or decrease in overseas volume or profitability is because we sometimes bring 
that material into India and realize the profits in India. 
Sunil Kansal: 
And another reason to this was because India, we got some treasury income. So because of that 
the contribution from Indian bottom line was slightly higher. That's also one of the reason for 
this. 
Amit Dixit: 
But on a -- let us say on a -- I mean, steady basis, what kind of profitability, I mean, do we target? 
If you can give a broad range that also would be great. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So on a sustainable basis, around 40% to 50% of the total profitability you can expect to come 
from overseas and around 50% to 60% would come from India. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Amit Dixit: 
The second question is again on Slide 9 where we have detailed the capex. So while I won't go 
into '27-'28. But on '26 where the capex is jumping up sharply, if you can just break it in -- I 
mean, where it is being done for FY '26, the $375 crores? 
Sunil Kansal: 
Yes, one second. So basically it includes the capex which is in the existing verticals like lead. 
So we are increasing some capacities in Mundra also, in Jaipur also for the existing plant and 
we are planning one more plant in India to have more coverage of some locations where we 
don't have presence at this moment. And that is the part for India. 
 
But other than that, we are also increasing capacities in plastic and rubber in India. So that is 
also covered. And we are putting up some facilities outside India like Dominican Republic is the 
country where we are putting capacities for recycling including lead recycling. And we are also 
increasing capacity in existing plant in Romania which we recently acquired. So expansion of 
Romania is also covered in this. 
 
And so we are very aggressive on Rubber. So we may have one or 2 plants -- more plants in 
Rubber in India. So we have also considered that in this capex plan. And yes, that's all. So these 
are the things. 
Amit Dixit: 
So just 2 follow-ups from this. One is Romania. So are we going to expand in rubber only in 
Romania? Or is it in a new vertical in Romania? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So initially, we will expand in Rubber in this year. And we are also looking at opportunities not 
only in Romania, but in the entire Eastern Europe -- European countries to look for other 
opportunities in other recycling verticals also. 
Sunil Kansal: 
But maybe next year, that part. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
But that may materialize in next year only, not this year. 
Amit Dixit: 
And the second follow-up is that in -- will there be any expansion in Eastern India this year? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So Mr. Sunil mentioned that we are putting up a plant in India and that could be in Eastern India 
also or some other location also, geographies. So we are still finalizing the location. We'll convey 
whenever we finalize the location exactly to the investors. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Srinath V. from Bellwether Capital. 
Srinath V.: 
I would like to understand what are our plans in the rubber space? What are the kind of products 
that we are working on, what are the -- is it like a basket of products or is it only pyrolysis? So 
wanted to understand what are we doing in rubber, especially in India? 
Naveen Sharma: 
So this will be all product together. Some places we will be doing pyrolysis. Some places, we 
will be making value added products like sheets or crumb rubber. And also we are working to 
make reclaimed carbon black from char which is generated from rubber and one of the byproduct 
is steel. So as of now steel will be selling and we may see that we can further do recycling for 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
that product as well. So it will be all market, sheets, pyrolysis, rCB, tough rubber, even road 
construction and all. 
Srinath V.: 
And sir, can you basically go a little more nuanced in each of these products to understand what 
is the kind of scale that we are looking at in? And these products, if sold into the tire universe, 
they all would require validations and the process, from my understanding, takes a bit of time. 
So where are we, say, in a carbon black? Are the carbon black producers started sampling our 
product? Just to get an understanding of where we are in the evolution, sir? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So currently, we are not producing anything in reclaimed carbon rubber or carbon black. So what 
we are currently doing is only pyrolysis oil in the locations wherever we are present. The plant 
that we acquired in Romania has the capability to develop reclaimed carbon black also, but it's 
still not under production. 
 
So in the coming quarters, we will be putting -- starting the plant line that is currently not under 
production. And eventually by the end of this year, we'll be probably getting some of those 
material sold to the tire companies, but not before that. 
 
In India, we are setting up the rubber plant right now. So as I mentioned that it will be coming 
in H1 of this year. So any sampling would only happen after that plant is in production, not 
before that. 
Srinath V.: 
Just last one, sir. What is the size of our capacity we are putting, sir, in the H1 plant? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So it's around -- the total capacity in this year would be around 60,000 metric ton per annum. 
Part of it will come in H1 and part of it will come in H2. 
Srinath V.: 
So there are basically 2 pyrolysis reactors? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
It's not only pyrolysis reactor. It is pyrolysis reactor also and our reclaimed -- sorry, another 
crumb rubber or a rubber sheet plant also. 
Srinath V.: 
And we'll be able to do micronized rubber sheets also, sir, like 180 mesh, the slightly more finer 
variety? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. Yes, we are planning on that also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday Advisors LLP. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Congratulations on a great quarter. The results were fantastic, so congratulations. First, a quick 
question, you mentioned that this time around there is also treasury income. Can you give the 
breakup about what was the other income, how much of it was treasury income and how much 
of it was the hedging income that you have generated? 
Sunil Kansal: 
Yes, so there were 2 part of that. One is the treasury income, So in this quarter it was around 
INR9 crores. And another part was that we saved some interest cost which we -- because we 
reduced our debt. So approximately INR7-odd crores we reduced the debt cost. So overall, 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
impact of -- in this quarter on the bottom-line approximately INR15 crores to INR16 crores 
because of this additional liquidity. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
INR15 crores to INR16 crores pre-tax? 
Sunil Kansal: 
Pre-tax, yes. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Pretax, got it. The other question that I have is that, we set our guidance for 5 years and we've 
been doing that every single year. And since 2022, at least that's when the last I could find the 
documented evidence. And 2022 5-year guidance is now going to be coming to an end in this 
financial year. Right? So going back to that guidance, are we going to be achieving those 
numbers in FY '26? Are you guys confident of that? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So the guidance that we keep giving is around 25% revenue growth and around 30% profit 
growth, right? 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Yes, 35%. 35% profit growth, yes. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So if you look at it we've grown in the last five years by 22% in revenue numbers and 57% in 
profitability numbers. So we have surpassed those targets that we set up for ourselves. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
So that's -- I understand. But if I look at FY '22 numbers and I take your guidance for FY '26 for 
both revenue and profit, then based on today's numbers in FY '26 you will require to meet that 
guidance a revenue growth of 40% and a profit growth of 57%. 
Sunil Kansal: 
So you're saying that okay -- so I understood your question. So basically when you see that from 
2026 to 2027, right? 
Parikshit Kabra: 
'26. You have given Vision '26? 
Sunil Kansal: 
So in one year it could be lower but in another it could be higher. So gradually yes we are 
targeting those numbers. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Then next, I'm just wondering here that -- I understand that we don't really do that much business 
in The U.S. so Trump tariffs are not a concern for us in that manner. But are there any indirect 
concerns because of shift in how trade happens? Can there be any indirect issues that affect our 
business, one? 
 
And number two, are we worried about those ship logistics costs, the shipping cost? Because 
right now from what I understand, there has been a cut down in demand of shipping, but 
eventually if and when the tariffs come off, there can be again excess demand in shipping and 
so at that time again our logistics cost may rise, is that a concern for us? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. So definitely because what will happen is that a lot of containers would get stuck in China 
because -- so that definitely on a short term basis, logistic cost could go up and would impact 
the profits if -- but right now it's not having any impact right now as we speak. But there may be 
in future something like that, that can impact. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
But fortunately for Gravita it's only going to be a short term issue if it is going to be. Because 
eventually the scrap prices from these countries would come down. It will accommodate the 
increase in freight prices also. So anything that can happen globally would only have a short 
term impact and not a long term impact. And we also have this advantage of having global 
operations, so we can ship from any country to any country. So the impact on Gravita would be 
comparatively less than the competitors. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Basanth Patil N P, from TCG AMC. 
Basanth Patil N P: 
Sir, just wanted to understand on the left out MAT credit. So still our tax rates are under 15%, 
so will this continue for how many years? Can you please throw some light on this? What is the 
left out MAT credit still? 
Sunil Kansal: 
So MAT credit, we have entire MAT credit, whatever -- because now we are -- already we are 
very short on this. This MAT credit came up because we are getting some exemption in tax in 
India, so that was the reason and we have already got some successful assessments of income 
tax, so we have already got approved all the tax benefits. So we are considering all the MAT 
credits into the books. So there is nothing left out MAT credit which is not recommended in the 
books of accounts. 
 
So whatever -- and the total MAT credit which will be used in this next 6 to 7 years is going to 
be around INR30 crores. So that will reduce the tax outflow. But on the bottom line side, we are 
considering all the MAT credit. 
Basanth Patil N P: 
So we can expect the taxes to go up for current year and next year going ahead? Or will it remain 
in the 15% range of the -- 
Sunil Kansal: 
As we have already mentioned, the tax rate will be the blended tax rate because we have certain 
exemptions in overseas. So the blended tax rate should be closer to 12% to 13% on a global 
basis. So as we are already considering the MAT credit in India also, so the tax rate for India is 
also going to be same. No change. 
Basanth Patil N P: 
So even in India operations also, 12% to 13% would be the applicable rate? 
Sunil Kansal: 
So India will be currently 30%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Shah from Tara Capital Partners. 
Parth Shah: 
I had 2 questions. One was, I had an observation when I compare Vision 28 versus Vision 29. 
Capacities for financial year '26 are almost the same, while the capex -- the total capex has gone 
up.  
And secondly, for financial year '27, our capacities have increased by about 25%, but 
our capex has substantially gone up, more than 25%, around 40%. So if you could explain that? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So the capex would depend on which vertical we are going to enter into. So the capacity can be 
increased by brownfield projects also, greenfield projects in the same verticals or maybe we'll 
come up with a new vertical. For example, steel and paper are more capex intensive. So that all 
should be considered when you look at the total capacities and the capex numbers. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
So it could be -- the configuration could be different in this year versus in next year maybe there 
are more greenfield projects we are planning to bring in. We are also planning to go into some 
mergers and acquisitions. Definitely that is going to probably have higher capex numbers. So all 
this depends on what is the configuration of capex that we are planning. 
Parth Shah: 
Just a follow-up. So in FY '26, are we targeting a lot of greenfield capex and would it be in lead 
or the newer verticals? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So in lead and rubber we are planning greenfield capex and in plastic definitely brownfield capex 
only. But in lead, we are planning to put up a plant in Dominican Republic and then also 
increasing capex in Romania, which probably is going to be more capex intensive than it is in 
India. So it all depends on which territory or region, geography that you are planning your capex 
is in. 
Parth Shah: 
And my second question is on the guidance for the EBITDA per ton -- per kilogram for lead, if 
you could provide guidance for '26 -- financial year '26? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So currently this year as we've been mentioning that we had certain arbitrage opportunities, so 
the total EBITDA per ton is around INR20 per ton -- or INR20 per kilogram or INR20,000 per 
ton. But our guidance is that on a sustainable basis, we can expect a INR18 to INR19 per kg in 
lead with a slight improvement of say around INR0.25 or INR0.50 every year based -- because 
of better economies of scale and better operational efficiencies that we can expect. 
Parth Shah: 
And this is after considering higher share of domestic sourcing, am I right? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes, even including that. Even including that. Because although the profitability is lower, but at 
the same time the operational efficiency improves and the capacity increase or capacity 
utilization will also increase when you have domestic products in place, so that will also affect 
the EBITDA per ton. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. The first one is, sir, a question on Slide 24, where we 
are forecasting the formal segment of the lead recycling industry to sharply increase from 40% 
to 75% in FY '26. So just want to know, is it, an expectation of it happening over few years 
gradually or we are expecting something really sharp change in FY '26 itself? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. So, what we believe now that reverse charge mechanism has come in other scrap. We are 
expecting that to come in this year in lead scrap also, in battery scrap also which got delayed 
because of some omission that government omitted by mistake battery scrap in this. So once that 
will come into picture, I think the shift over will take faster than we were expecting earlier. So 
we are expecting some fast shift from unorganized to organized. 
 
But, of course, this -- if that doesn't come or if that does not have any impact on the actual 
numbers then definitely it is going to take maybe 2 more years for this 75% to come into the 
organized sector. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And sir, when do we expect that RCM to get notified from our interaction and engagement with 
regulators? 
Naveen Sharma: 
So it is expected that next GST Council meeting this matter should come. So that 55th GST 
Council meeting should look to be held maybe this month end, so the representation already 
there. 
 
Even with the overwhelming response on other metal scrap, the industry like plastic and they 
are also approaching to the ministry, to the Fitment Committee that those scraps should also 
come under RCM and TDS. So hopefully, we expect that battery should be part of this next 
committee meeting. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sir, my second question is with respect to our tolling business. Is it possible to share the volumes 
or mix of tolling as a proportion of our overall India recycling business, number one? And 
number two, if you look at Slide 18, I think for the first time, we've included Exide among our 
customer list. So can you just apprise us with respect to what sort of development is this and 
what sort of volumes and business we are doing with Exide? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So in terms of numbers from tolling, around 85% of the total volume is coming from tolling 
itself right now. And for Exide, I think I will ask Mr. Vijay Pareek to comment on this. 
Vijay Pareek: 
Yes. In fact, as in before reply, we are mentioning that this RCM and BWMR, we are focusing 
on that. So Amara Raja we are also increasing our volumes. Exide we initiated the developments 
and trials and everything from January onwards and we are expecting a substantial increase into 
the volumes. 
 
Besides Exide other OEMs also we are working with them. So the tolling volume we'll be going 
to continue. And that's why Mr. Yogesh said that the formality into this segment will be there. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
And we are also increasing our capacities in Phagi and Mundra to accommodate the additional 
quantities of scrap that is going to come from Exide in the next few quarters. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And sir, all these are, I assume, in the tolling arrangement. Can you just remind us what is -- 
Moderator: 
Mr. Sumangal, may we request you that you return to the question queue for follow-up questions 
as there are several participants waiting for the next turn? 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sure, sure. I'll do that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pathanjali Srinivasan from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
So just a couple of questions. So the rubber acquisition and also domestic expansion that we're 
doing, what could be the asset turns here from this business and what would be your target for 
the current year? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So generally, the asset turnover that we get is around 8x to 10x of our total. In rubber it is going 
to be almost similar in the same tune of 8x to 10x the revenue would come from rubber because, 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
although the price of rubber is lower or the price of the finished product is lower, but the capex 
increase is also lower. So the capex is also lower. So it's in the same range of around 8x to 10x. 
And what was your second question? 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Could you give me some rough cut -- yes, sir. So what could be a target revenue of rubber for 
the year, combined, the domestic plus Romania put together? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
See, it's very difficult because as we are going to put up some pyrolysis plants also domestically, 
which the production for which is going to be consumed in our own plants, so it's basically for 
captive consumption. So overall revenue numbers may not reflect in the revenue numbers 
increase -- incremental revenue numbers may not reflect in the actual numbers that we will get 
from rubber. 
 
So currently we have only this Romania facility where we will be selling the rubber products. 
Otherwise, which should be close to INR100 crores to INR125 crores, but that's -- but other than 
that whatever rubber we have -- rubber products we are using it for the other recycling internally 
like lead recycling and aluminum recycling. 
 
But going forward we will be having growth of around 70 odd percentage in next 3 to 4 years, 
CGR growth for rubber products which we will be selling to third parties. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Just one last question. This other expenses seems a bit elevated for the quarter, so can you -- yes, 
this is my second question. So other expenses seem elevated for the quarter. So could you help 
me with, this would be the recurring rate or is there any kind of a one off or something in this? 
Sunil Kansal: 
So, it's a -- so on an average it's a same number. Nothing is one off case. It's a recurring case. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Lahoti from Emkay. 
Amit Lahoti: 
The inventory cycle has improved in the second half of FY '25, so what has led to this, and do 
we expect it to sustain? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. So the local procurement has increased. As we were mentioning that once the local 
procurement stabilizes then the overall imports in India as a ratio would come down. Currently 
in last quarter 48% of the total scrap that we procured was domestic scrap. And also the -- 
because local scrap is more continuous in nature mode, I mean, like -- as compared to when we 
import, so the capacity utilization is better. So all these contributed to improved inventory cycles 
for us. 
Amit Lahoti: 
So we expect it to sustain in the coming year as well? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. 
Amit Lahoti: 
And, sir, my second question is, if you could remind your EBITDA guidance for aluminium and 
plastic in case there is any change? 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So aluminum also would be around INR14 to INR15 per kilogram going forward. And for plastic 
also it is going to be INR10 to INR11 per kilogram, at least for this year. Any improvements in 
plastic is going to come either in the second half of this year as the EBITDA margin 
improvement or from next year onwards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Poddar from Motilal Oswal Institutional Equity. 
Ashish Poddar: 
So an observation. On Slide 21, we have mentioned our contribution of value-added products, 
which improved meaningfully from 42% in FY '22 to 46% in FY '25. But during this period, 
when I see your EBITDA margin, it's a decline from around 10% to around 8%-8.5%. Now over 
'25 to '28, we are expecting this 46% mix to improve further to 50%. In this context, what kind 
of EBITDA margin we are guiding to reach in FY '28? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So the EBITDA margins, if you look at it are on the same line, is around 10.43% compared to 
10.47% last year. I think you have to include the operational income also which comes from 
hedging. And so the EBITDA margins are also in the same line. And these EBITDA margins 
can go up a little up and down depending on domestic scrap material or how much value-added 
product we have sold, what is the contribution of overseas versus domestic procurement, all this 
-- and of course value-added content. 
 
So scrap mix makes a lot of difference to the EBITDA margins. But as we mentioned that the 
EBITDA per ton from various commodities like for lead it is going to be around INR18 to 
INR20, for aluminium it is going to be around INR14 to INR15 and in plastic it is going to be 
INR10 to INR11 per kilogram. 
 
Even going forward you can expect slight increases every year because of better operational 
efficiencies, more value-added products and also because of higher capacity utilizations going 
forward. But this is going to be the range. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shweta Dikshit from Systematix Group. 
Shweta Dikshit: 
Sir, couple of questions. First, on the global perspective in terms of lead, what's your view, how 
the demand is likely to shape up? Because if you look at the numbers or indicated numbers from 
International Lead and Zinc Study Group, they say 2025 is likely to be a surplus year in terms 
of lead. So how do we see this demand and how do we see our market share moving in terms of 
that? And will this have an impact on prices and eventually our EBITDA per ton guidance? 
 
Second question is on the standalone side, what would be India operations led EBITDA per ton 
for the quarter? That's the second question. 
 
And last question is what -- any view, any comments from your side on the plastics segment 
performance this quarter, since we have continued to guide it on a INR10 to INR11 per kilogram, 
but what led towards EBITDA margin decline this quarter and what can likely help improve it 
in the subsequent period? 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. So to answer your first question, I think we are a very small player in lead. And even when 
you say that it is going to be a surplus year for lead going forward, so the impact would be 
majorly on mining of lead, whereas recycling of lead would not change at all. 
 
The only impact it would have is the LME prices would go up or down. But it does not impact 
us because the prices of scrap also comes down. So there is a very minimal impact of any change 
in the lead prices going for a recycling company like us. So we don't see major changes in terms 
of our expansion plans going forward, even when there is a chance of slowdown in the economy, 
because it will majorly impact mining companies and not recycling companies per se. 
 
To answer your second question about EBITDA in India or overseas, I think it's better that you 
evaluate the company on a consolidated basis only because these numbers would change 
depending on how much import we have done from our own territories, what is the market price 
in India compared to what is the global market mix. So these things would impact the numbers 
of India and overseas. 
 
So these are not -- I mean, sometimes you'll see better numbers in India, but the overseas 
numbers are not doing well. But these are not sustainable numbers because you take advantage 
of arbitrage opportunities every now and then and that impact the numbers in standalone basis 
and overseas or consolidated business. But if you evaluate the company on a consolidated basis, 
you'll see that there is a clear EBITDA numbers that you can see and which is around INR18 to 
INR19 per kilogram in terms of lead. 
 
And in plastic, it has not grown the way we wanted it to grow last year and -- because it was a 
little difficult because we are developing new products, trying to find new markets for value-
added products in plastic and that is taking longer than what we expected. But we are very 
confident that by H1 this year, you will see positive changes in both revenue numbers as well as 
profitability in plastic. 
Shweta Dikshit: 
Sir, just a follow-up to that question. When we say arbitrage possibilities in the domestic or 
Indian business, do we talk about cheaper raw material or do we talk -- are we trying to say that 
our realizations -- better realizations in India kind of help us sustain the EBITDA margin if at 
all there is some arbitrage? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Both things. On one side, Indian market does not follow the global market. So sometimes there 
are times when Indian market is better than overseas market. During those times you bring in 
your material from your overseas subsidiaries into India. So that is one way of the Indian overall 
EBITDA numbers would increase. 
 
The other is it all depends on where we have better realization even when the market prices are 
same because there are more value-added products that we can sell. If there are more value-
added products that we can sell in India getting better realization, during those times also we 
divert our material into India even though the market prices are same and vice versa also. So 
that will change -- I mean, the metrics whether standalone is better or whether overseas plants 
give you better profitability. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
This was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Thank you everyone for participating in this call. We trust that we have addressed all your 
queries during this session. However, if there are any remaining questions, please feel free to 
reach out to our Investor Relations team. Once again, we extend our gratitude to all the 
participants for joining us today. Thank you and have a great day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect the lines. 
