                    
 
 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
CIN: L32201MH1964PLC013085 
75, General Block, MIDC, Bhosari, 
Pune 411 026, India 
Tel: (+91-20) 63110110 
Web: www.divgi-tts.com 
 
Ref.: DTTS/Sec/25-26/18 
 
June 09, 2025 
 
To,  
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001  
 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code – 543812 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
"Exchange Plaza" 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C-1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051  
 
NSE Scrip Code - DIVGIITTS 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on June 02, 2025 
 
Ref.: Regulations 30 of the SEBI LODR Regulations 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Further to our letter reference no. DTTS/Sec/25-26/09 dated May 23, 2025, pursuant to 
Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“LODR Regulations”), 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on June 02, 
2025, in respect of the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial 
year ended March 31, 2025. 
 
The transcript can also be accessed on the Company’s website at the following link: 
 
https://divgi-tts.com/earning-call-transcripts/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Hirendra Divgi 
Whole-Time Director 
DIN: 01634431 
 
 
 
Enclosed: As above 
Hirendra 
Bhaskar 
Divgi
Digitally signed 
by Hirendra 
Bhaskar Divgi 
Date: 2025.06.09 
12:04:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
Q4 & FY '25 Conference Call” 
June 02, 2025 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on June 02, 2025, will prevail.” 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JITENDRA DIVGI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – DIVGI 
TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. HIRENDRA DIVGI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
DIVGI TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDHIR MIRJANKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DIVGI TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. DIPAK VANI – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
DIVGI TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. SATVINDER SINGH SABHARWAL – CHIEF 
GROWTH OFFICER – DIVGI TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS 
LIMITED 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISERS – DIVGI 
TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. MIHIR VORA – EQUIRUS SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q4 and FY '25 Conference Call of Divgi 
TorqTransfer Systems Limited hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mihir Vora from Equirus. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Mihir Vora: 
Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome you all to the Q4 
FY '25 post results call of Divgi TorqTransfer Systems. From the management side, we have 
Mr. Jitendra Divgi, Managing Director; Mr. Hirendra Divgi, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Sudhir 
Mirjankar, CFO; and Dipak Vani, COO. 
 
So, without further ado, I will now hand over the call to Jitendra, sir. Sir, over to you. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. Very good morning, and a warm welcome to everyone present on the call here to discuss 
Q4 results along with our FY '25 performance for Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited. I just 
want to take a moment and introduce my colleagues, Hirendra Divgi, Executive Director; Sudhir 
Mirjankar, CFO; Dipak Vani, COO; and I'm pleased to also introduce Mr. Satvinder Singh 
Sabharwal, who has joined us as Chief Growth Officer. And of course, we have SGA, our 
Investor Relations Advisers. 
 
I'm sure you've had a chance to look at the presentation that we have uploaded on the stock 
exchanges and the Company website. And if not, I'm sure during the call or after the call, you 
will get a chance. 
 
So, to begin with, let me outline the key highlights for Q4 and for the full year FY '25. We will, 
of course, have a chance to answer questions that you have. But hopefully, I'm trying to provide 
a sort of a panoramic view along with some key insights that should answer possible questions 
that you have. 
 
So, in summary, FY '25 was a year of mixed outcomes for us. It wasn't exactly a growth year 
from a financial standpoint, but it was rich with progress on various business opportunities. The 
company effectively navigated multiple challenges during the year and remained profitable at 
levels that we have sort of implicitly and explicitly promised you despite the headwinds. 
 
In fact, we delivered profitability with EBITDA and PAT margins above 24% and 10%, 
respectively, despite a steep decline in the top line. These results reinforce our confidence that 
if we can sustain profitability in such a challenging environment, the business initiatives and 
strategic efforts that we have undertaken this year will position us very well for both operational 
and financial success in time to come, including we are expecting FY '26. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
Over the past 2 years, we have run into headwinds, but we have focused on restructuring and 
expanding our business. And in terms of operations, my colleague, Dipak Vani, will make a few 
remarks after me to explain some of the measures that we have taken. 
 
So, both in terms of product offerings and geographical reach, we have expanded our scope, 
sharpened our strategic focus and improved our execution capability, especially with the type of 
investments that we have made. Despite persistent industry headwinds, particularly in our core 
segments of transfer cases and EV transmissions, we have continued to navigate market-specific 
pressures that impacted our top line performance. 
 
We have responded proactively through a combination of operational improvements and 
strategic course corrections to address these challenges effectively. And I'll try and amplify as 
we go along. The initiatives undertaken over the last 2 years are beginning to yield positive 
results. 
 
This is evident from the significantly improved performance in Q4, closing quarter of the 
financial year, which not only reflected improved operational outcomes, but also a healthier and 
more robust order book across our segments. 
 
Now let me sort of delve into each aspect, pertinent aspect of the business. I'll begin with the 
transfer case. So, while FY '25 was a tough year, there were several bright spots as well. Notably, 
we achieved a significant improvement in per unit realization across our transfer case portfolio. 
 
This, coupled with the sales mix that included a higher share of defense applications helped drive 
a notable improvement in our gross margin, which went up from 61% to 63%. This margin 
expansion also reflects the benefit of volume-adjusted pricing mechanisms that are embedded in 
our long-term contracts, reinforcing the strength and resilience of our business model even 
during periods of softer volumes. 
 
We are seeing encouraging signs as we go ahead. Based on the latest production forecast and 
customer schedules, we expect a recovery in volumes in the coming quarters. And indeed, we 
are already 2/3rd of the way into Q1 of FY '26 and the results have shown up to now. 
 
Moving forward, we are confident that the continued global expansion of our transfer case 
business, particularly with Japanese and Korean OEMs and also opportunities that we are 
examining in the American aftermarket will serve as a key catalyst for our long-term growth. 
 
Our globalization efforts are well underway with strong traction, as I said, in the US aftermarket, 
which has presented some very interesting opportunities. We believe this strategic 
diversification will not only strengthen but also significantly enhance the resilience and growth 
potential of our revenue streams in the years to come because the companies that we are talking 
to are in markets that sort of underpin the 4-wheel drive demand in the world. 
 
Coming to the EV transmission segment. The Indian passenger vehicle industry has entered a 
phase of consolidation after several years of strong growth with steady demand moderated by 
broader macroeconomic factors. The electric vehicle segment, in particular, has faced additional 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
pressure, not only from these macro headwinds, but also due to infrastructure limitations and 
persistent range anxiety among consumers. 
 
While the industry has been navigating more than a small slowdown, we have -- we began to 
witness some signs of recovery in Q4 '25. Volumes have shown marginal improvement. But as 
I shall explain, by winning more business, we expect to see at least 50% growth compared to 
last year in FY '26. 
 
So, during these challenging times, we have continued to work closely with our key anchor OEM 
to expand our product portfolio. I'm very pleased to share that we now have products under 
development, approaching launch in the market that will enable us to straddle a comprehensive 
vehicle range at an OEM like Tata from the little Tiago to the Curvv coupe. 
 
This marks a significant milestone, reinforcing our strong partnership with a product leader like 
Tata and deepening our integration with their EV ecosystem. On the -- so we expect revenue 
generation from these new programs to begin in Q2 with production volumes scaling up 
thereafter. 
 
Given the historical background of the last 2 years, we have been fairly conservative in 
forecasting for this year. But even so, we expect at least 50% improvement in the top line with 
this new product that we are introducing. So -- we continue to collaborate with our OEM partners 
for new next-generation models. 
 
And in addition to Tata, we are on a micro truck at Mahindra and we have also quoted on 
applications at several Japanese OEMs. On the global front, we have made significant strategic 
progress. We have recently entered discussions with a major Japanese company to manufacture 
a complete kit of parts for EVs targeted at the Indian market. 
 
And in addition, we are 1 of 3 global candidates who've been shortlisted from a larger pool of 
15 players for the supply of gear sets for one of America's leading OEMs in the EV space. This 
potential program involves vehicles that will be distributed across global markets. And we see 
it as a significant opportunity, not just in the EV space, but also in exports. 
 
Now turning to our components business, which as those of you who have been studying our 
company for some time now know that these components are across the 4 verticals; 4-wheel 
drive, EV, manual transmissions, automatic transmissions. The component business delivered 
significantly improvement over last year, and we expect this momentum to carry forward into 
FY '26. 
 
This growth has been primarily driven by a solid resurgence in export markets, where we've 
successfully re-established our presence. Export revenues have begun scaling significantly and 
from a very modest INR3.5 crores in FY '24 towards the tail end of FY '25, we got the sort of 
rising tide and have already registered a sale of around INR11 crores. And this year, we expect 
a marked and very considerable spike in exports. 
 
Our ambition is to have -- or rather, I should say, our forecast is that exports will have a double-
digit percentage to overall revenues by the end of FY '26. In support of this, we have received 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
production approvals for 8 new components across a very diverse set of geographies that 
includes Korea, Europe, United States and Mexico. These wins are a reflection of our growing 
capabilities and the trust global customers are placing in us and in a way, you could say, 
capability in India. 
 
Additionally, we have a robust pipeline under development, both in terms of acquiring new 
business and engineering new components. These efforts are currently underway across Japan, 
Thailand, China and India and Korea, markets that we believe will play a key role in our export 
growth strategy. 
 
This marks a significant step forward in our journey to become a truly global player and adds 
further momentum to our international business expansion. I must add that many of these 
initiatives are multipronged, including technology, component exports and building business 
partnerships with companies that we are talking to across the world. 
 
I want to take a moment and talk about our next-generation transmission initiatives. It started 
off with automatics, but it has now widened into looking at a very nuanced sort of market, which 
is evolving very quickly. In previous calls, we've shared that we are actively developing next-
generation transmissions, not just state-of-the-art automatic systems, but also for the slightly 
longer term dedicated hybrid solutions. 
 
Our analysis and therefore, understanding of the global markets from which India is not insulated 
is that electrification is a reality. We are seeing very strong growth across the world in -- led, of 
course, mainly by China in both -- mainly in battery electric vehicles, but also hybrids. And 
dedicated hybrids form a very important component of this segment. 
 
So, I'm happy to report that we have taken more than initial tentative steps. We have actually 
zeroed in on a design architecture. We have completed simulations of fuel efficiency 
improvements. 
 
So, it's a very systematic top-down system-driven kind of approach with which we can work 
with OEMs and through our simulation tools, predict the fuel efficiency improvement that we 
can bring. This is extremely important in the context of the Indian market, which over the next 
7, 8 years, we'll see 2 generations of emission norms, new sets of regulations coming in. 
 
So, positioning oneself to anticipate and meet these requirements of OEMs is going to be a 
critical requirement of companies that wish to sustain their product leadership position in the 
area of powertrain. And I'm happy that we are making solid progress. 
 
Our infrastructure and prior investments have positioned us well as a full-service systems 
provider with the tools, capabilities and expertise to drive both product development and 
manufacturing. It's not just enough to have ideas on products and designs, unless you have the 
manufacturing wherewithal to realize these solutions, it doesn't really bring economic value to 
customers or to investors. 
 
And as part of this journey, we've recently achieved a key milestone by completing the first 
phase of our feasibility study on dedicated hybrid transmissions. This study is focused on 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
quantifying the potential, as I said, improvements in fuel efficiency that such technologies can 
offer to customers in the Indian market. 
 
I'm also happy to share that we have been able to realize the first prototype of our dedicated 
hybrid transmission in hand and further validation and testing are underway. So, this marks an 
important step forward in our long-term strategy to build a more sustainable technology-led 
portfolio in a market that is literally assaulted on a wide front by different pressures. 
 
I want to now sort of shift gears and move into some of the strategic developments that were 
highlights of this last year. I began by saying that it was perhaps the worst of times and the best 
of times, if I were to summarize FY '25. The numbers, of course, were very disappointing, but I 
want to quickly recap 10 significant achievements that we were able to accomplish in the last 1 
year. 
 
And I'll just quickly go one by one. I don't want to take too much time because we have the other 
financial presentation also to talk about. The first one was the indigenous development and the 
consolidation of our transfer case business for the Indian Army. And we have now supplied 
enough units to equip large combat formations of the Indian Army. 
 
And I have no hesitation in saying that the solutions we provided were in active combat service 
during the recent Operation Sindoor and it was well received by the Army. In fact, there's a video 
out at an undisclosed location from the Western Command of the Indian Army showing this 
ALSV. 
 
The next was we have now completed the design and -- for a leading Japanese OEM that is a 
market leader in the ASEAN region for a new transfer case. And this represents nothing short of 
a revolution because Japanese companies, given their conservatism, are not known to approach 
individuals sort of outside their fold for even new parts, let alone complete systems. 
 
And what we have here is a market leader from Japan, one of Japan's oldest OEMs coming to us 
for a complete transfer case solution, which they believe can save them cost while giving them 
a better performance. So, it is an extremely important. It will start at a modest scale, but has the 
potential to grow into something very significant. 
 
So that was the second achievement. We have provided a full techno-commercial proposal to 
this OEM. Obviously, because of nondisclosure agreement, I do not have the liberty of giving 
the name of this company on this call. 
 
I'm also really thrilled and not just pleased, but thrilled to tell you that we have a whole slew of 
new technologies that we are showcasing with advanced engineering in Chennai at Mahindra. 
For those of you who may not be very familiar with the Mahindra Research Valley infrastructure 
in Chennai, they have a world-class proving ground, including an off-roading track and a very 
high-speed track at which you can do all kinds of testing maneuvers to test the ride and handling 
of their SUVs. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
Perhaps this is one of the ingredients that has enabled Mahindra to really assert their product 
leadership and position themselves to become India's number 2 vehicle maker after Maruti, 
which is one hell of an accomplishment. 
 
And I'm pleased that Mahindra's sort of clarion call to go back to their core competence, which 
was SUVs, is underlined by the technology and the products that Divgi TTS is giving them. So, 
in other words, what makes Mahindra a distinctive Mahindra is actually Divgi TTS. And 
recently, I was there on the test track to test the new Torque-On-Demand. 
 
We have new center differential permanent all-wheel drive systems for the next-generation Thar 
and also new technologies and solutions for their front-wheel drive-based all-wheel drive, where 
the intent and the vision is to retain the robust off-roading capability that is available on their 
rear-wheel drive-based 4-wheel drive vehicles. 
 
This will make Mahindra -- so our vision in working with Mahindra is to put a sort of larger gap 
between Mahindra as a product leader and the others in the market, including the Japanese and 
the Koreans. So, I am really pleased at the kind of support and encouragement we are getting 
from Mahindra top management in doing this. 
 
And I think in this year to come, we will have some solid achievements to report out. So that 
was the third big thing. We continue to sort of work on technologies that improve ride and 
handling of vehicles at very high speed. 
 
And the work that has been done over the last, I would say, 15 years, first at Tata Motors, then 
Mahindra, more recently at MG Motors and now again at Mahindra, I have no hesitation in 
saying that our 4-wheel drive vehicles made in India will be in the same league as the iconic 
Jeep Rubicon and the Land Rover Defender. And our investors should be pleased that your 
company is at the forefront of accomplishing this. 
 
Next, I think we had shared with you that we have renewed our strategic collaboration with the 
BorgWarner Drivetrain Systems Group by extending the license. This was done at the invitation 
of BorgWarner who have seen the kind of work that we're doing and wish to remain connected 
with us as a strategic alliance partner. 
 
So, while this does involve paying the royalty, but it gets us strategic access to BorgWarner top 
Management and the Drivetrain Systems Group is a multibillion-dollar operation with plants in 
-- or a presence in about 20 countries of the world. A lot of our component exports is being 
driven by the relationship we have with BorgWarner. 
 
Next, we had again shared this in previous calls, but our product leadership in the Indian market 
was recognized by none other than market and technology leaders like Toyota and Mahindra, 
where in the last 12 months, we have received Supplier of the Year awards from both these 
OEMs. 
 
These are companies that are now pushing the envelope on technology, products, overall 
business performance and to be selected by both of them is a matter of great honor for us. And 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
I think it is -- I have no hesitation in saying that this goes a long way in fulfilling the vision with 
which we started out this enterprise. 
 
Which was to become recognized as a global brand coming out of India in the area of drivetrain 
components and systems. And to be recognized by Toyota and Mahindra, I feel is a matter of 
great honor and recognition of our competence. 
 
Next, we have sort of made a dent in this whole Make in India initiative of the government of 
the country by signing an MOU and commencing, this was September-October of '24 with one 
of Japan's and the world's leading automatic transmission makers to do a feasibility study to 
produce automatics in India. 
 
It's sort of the first of its kind. These things do not normally happen in industry. And the study 
is slated for conclusion in the June-July time frame, and we will then sort of review whether 
making high-volume automatic transmissions out of India makes sense or not. This is in line 
with our vision to have a strong presence in the vertical of automatic transmissions where, of 
course, we believe that we have the capability. 
 
But the deciding factor, of course, is we have to look at the financials, the amount of investment 
needed and whether the financial standards that we have set ourselves are achievable or if not, 
whether in the foreseeable sort of future of this program, if not in the first instance, subsequently, 
what needs to happen to achieve those financial standards. So that is the study that is underway 
to build a comprehensive discounted cash flow economic model that will enable us to understand 
various financial parameters. 
 
Similarly, we have -- we are also doing a similar study for another 8-speed automatic with this 
time with a European OEM of great renown and market leader, a company that's over 100 years 
old in Europe. And similar study to understand -- and these 2 parallel parts are giving the 
company a unique insight into what is possible in the world today. 
 
So one is from Japan, the other one from Europe. And eventually, this will, we believe, help us 
in building an automatic transmission operation with deep roots in terms of localization in India. 
The vision is to build a business like our 4-wheel drive business where the company is not just 
building to print, but eventually assimilates technology to engineer then the next-generation 
products as we are doing right now for customers in India and across the world. 
 
We believe that Indian economics can bring solutions in the area of low to medium volume 
requirements around the world and optimize those solutions by engineering these product 
configurations to suit the vehicle applications in various markets. So that was the eighth, I think, 
thing we pulled off. 
 
We are also in discussions with Mahindra for looking at offloading manual transmissions for 
their pickup trucks -- and the idea is that release space and assets in Mahindra as they expand 
and the portfolio becomes more complex. So, by taking on such an opportunity, we are releasing 
resources in Mahindra to be more cost effectively configured. So, this study is also underway. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
And finally, I'm really pleased that we are also making good headway in the Korean market 
where later this month, we are doing a sort of Tech Day exhibition at Hyundai in Chennai and 
also working with what used to be SsangYong in Korea, now known as KG Mobility, where we 
are looking at EV and 4-wheel drive applications. 
 
These are not just casual contracts. These are areas where we have provided engineering in the 
form of proposals, design proposals backed up with quotations. So that sort of sums up the list 
of 10 main points I have selected. We have many more actually, about 20-odd -- list of 20-odd 
projects in our R&D portfolio for FY '25, but I've selected the 10 top ones that can make a dent 
to our top line. 
 
So that sort of brings us to the end of my remarks. And hopefully, I've given you a flavor of what 
I meant by this was the worst of times and the best of times. I have one last task to accomplish 
before I hand over the proceedings to our CFO, Sudhir. I just want to take a moment to welcome 
and introduce to you Satvinder Singh Sabharwal, who has joined us as our Chief Growth Officer. 
 
This role is critical for us given the sort of wide diversity of very unusual business opportunities 
that we are pursuing that go far beyond the remit of just sales and marketing. These opportunities 
require a deep business thinking and the ability to integrate different dimensions of business 
development. 
 
I'll just invite Satvinder to say a few words. But before that, by way of quick introduction, he is 
-- he holds a degree in mechanical engineering and a postgraduate in strategic management from 
IIM Kozhikode. He brings over 2 decades of experience in the industry and has worked with 
eminent organizations like Tata Automotive Components, Honeywell, companies of that 
pedigree. 
 
He has worked across various geographies like India, Japan, Korea, US. And I'm sure he brings 
a great global mindset and cultural fluency in diverse environments of the types we work in and 
will help us in shaping and driving our growth strategy as we move forward. 
 
So, with that, let me hand over the proceedings to Satvinder to just say a few words. And then 
we'll have Dipak Vani say a few remarks because we've finished FY '25, and I want him to say 
a few things about our operational details. 
 
Before we hand the floor over to Sudhir to talk about the financial numbers. So, with that, 
Satvinder. 
Satvinder Sabharwal: 
Hi. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the earnings call once again. This is Satvinder 
Singh Sabharwal. I've recently joined Divgi, and I have been 20-plus years of engagement in the 
automotive industry. I've been passionate about analyzing the market macros, connecting with 
our automotive OEM customers, understand their road map and then building our own road map 
to drive growth. 
 
My job over here at Divgi is going to be, I would say, 1 major goal and 2 line of actions. The 
goal is to drive value to our shareholders through growth. And the line of action is going to be 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
explore new markets for our existing products as well as look for new products for our existing 
markets. Looking forward to work with all of you to drive value for our shareholders. 
 
Thank you. And with that, I will hand it over to Dipak Vani. 
Dipak Vani: 
Good morning, everyone. I'm Dipak Vani, Chief Operating Officer at Divgi TTS. I'm pleased to 
take you through key operational highlights for the year, which reflects our team's unwavering 
commitment to excellence, quality and continuous improvement across all our manufacturing 
facilities. 
 
First and foremost, I'm proud to share that we achieved zero unsafe incidences across all our 4 
plant locations throughout the year. This is a remarkable milestone and a testament of our robust 
safety culture, proactive training programs and ownership demonstrated by each and every 
employee on the shop floor. Turning to the product quality. 
 
We have maintained our sharp focus on delivering excellence, particularly on the complex 
aggregates such as transfer case and EV transmissions. Our efforts have resulted single-digit 
customer PPM levels, which positions us among the industry best. At plant level, Bhosari facility 
achieved customer PPM of 3, whereas Shirwal plant achieved customer PPM of 2 PPM on the 
entire aggregate such as EV transmission. 
 
What's more commendable is that we have achieved zero PPM track record on quality for our 
export shipments to United States of America, reinforcing our position as a reliable global 
supplier partner to our customers. Apart from this, we have won zero PPM award from Toyota 
and also proprietary Powertrain Supplier of the Year award from Mahindra & Mahindra. 
 
In terms of delivery performance, we are proud to report 100% on-time delivery throughout the 
year. This consistency is the result of our disciplined planning, robust supply chain processes 
and deep sense of accountability across our operation teams. 
 
We also made significant progress in the cost management last year through focused supplier 
cost savings realization, Kaizen process improvement and efficiency initiatives. We successfully 
achieved cost reduction of 1.44% of our sales. While this may sound modest, in a high-volume 
manufacturing environment, this reflects substantial savings and improvement to our bottom 
line. 
 
Another major highlight was we have done investments in the new machineries for our export-
oriented components last year, successfully, we have commissioned those machines and these 
lines are now operational. So, these additions have expanded our capabilities, improved 
productivity and further strengthened our readiness to serve in global markets with precision and 
scale. 
 
One more highlight, just recently on 30th of May, our Shirwal plant received IGBC Green 
Building certificate through the hands of honorable Environment Minister of Maharashtra State, 
Pankaja Munde. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
So overall, this year has been one of the operational discipline execution and strategic 
investment. And I want to extend my appreciation for every member of our operations team for 
making these results possible. With this strong foundation, we are well positioned to scale up 
further meet and exceed our customer demand in evolving automotive landscape. 
 
Thank you. Over to you, Sudhir. 
Sudhir Mirjankar: 
Thank you, Dipak. Good morning to everyone on the call. Before presenting the financial 
numbers for the Q4 and FY '25, I would like to highlight a few key points. For the full year FY 
'25, our total income declined by 12% on a year-on-year basis, primarily impacted by subdued 
domestic demand in transfer case. 
 
This segment faced distinct challenges over the course of the year, leading to a declining volume 
offtake, which in turn weighed on our overall revenue for -- from operations and operating 
profitability. 
 
Coming to the full year numbers. Total income for FY '25 stood at INR240 crores, reflecting a 
12% year-on-year decline from INR273 crores in FY '24. This decrease was primarily driven by 
lower volumes in our core segments. 
 
The transfer case segment witnessed a 29% decline year-on-year, whereas the EV transmission 
segment continued its growth trajectory with a 6% increase compared to FY '24. Components 
segment delivered robust performance, registering a strong 41% year-on-year growth, backed 
by a healthy order book from both domestic and international customers. 
 
We expect this momentum to continue with further acceleration in export anticipated in FY '26. 
So, our export contribution rose significantly from approximately 1% in FY '24 to around 5% in 
FY '25. While exports currently remain in single digits as a percentage of revenue, we are 
confident of a steady upward trajectory. With several new contracts secured, we are targeting 
double-digit export contribution by the end of FY '26. 
 
Gross margins improved to 63% in FY '25, up from 61% in FY '24. This margin expansion was 
primarily driven by our volume-based pricing strategy in the transfer case segment, which led 
to better realization. Additionally, a favorable sales mix with a higher contribution from defense 
applications further supported profitability. 
 
These factors collectively underscore our focus on operational efficiency and sustainable margin 
improvement. EBITDA for the year stood at INR58.6 crores, down 19% year-on-year from 
INR72.6 crores in FY '24, primarily due to lower fixed cost absorption stemming from reduced 
volumes. EBITDA margin stood at 24.4%. Adjusting for onetime marketing expenses related to 
Auto Expo, the EBITDA margin remains healthy at over 25% for the FY '25 as well as Q4 of 
FY '25. 
 
Profit after tax for FY '25 stood at INR24.4 crores, reflecting a 39% year-on-year decline from 
INR39.7 crores in FY '24. PAT margins stand at 10.2%, impacted primarily by higher 
depreciation expenses arising from strategic capital investments made to support our planned 
export scale up in FY '26 and readiness for the forthcoming long-range plan. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
However, speaking on the performance of Q4 FY '25, we are pleased to report a strong and 
encouraging turnaround. On a sequential basis, total income grew by nearly 12%, marking the 
beginning of recovery. This recovery was led by renewed growth in our -- in 2 of our key 
business areas, transfer cases and EV transmissions, both of which showed meaningful traction 
and positive momentum. 
 
Coming to the quarterly numbers. Total income for Q4 FY '25 stood at INR64 crores, registering 
a 12% increase quarter-on-quarter from INR57.5 crores in Q3 of FY '25. However, on a year-
on-year basis, it declined by 9%. EBITDA for the quarter was INR14.5 crores, reflecting a 7% 
growth over INR13.6 crores in Q3 of FY '25, but a 20% decline compared to Q4 of FY '24. 
 
The EBITDA margin stood at 22.7% for the quarter. Profit after tax remained flat on a sequential 
basis at INR5.3 crores, while declining 42% year-on-year from INR9 crores in Q4 of FY '24. 
PAT margin for the quarter stood at 8.3%. Overall operating profitability was affected by lower 
fixed cost absorption and higher depreciation costs. The decline in operating profit also weighed 
on profit after tax. 
 
Moving on to some of the other key financial metrics for FY '25. As you are aware, we continue 
to remain a net cash company, and we are committed to maintaining this strong financial position 
going forward. Return on capital employed for the year was 5.6%, while return on invested 
capital came in at 4.2%. 
 
We expect both these metrics to strengthen in the coming years as the benefits of operating 
leverage begin to unfold with increasing demand scenario and improved capacity utilization. 
Out of the IPO process of capex of INR170 crores, we have deployed INR64 crores till date. 
INR27 crores was capex spend during FY '25, reflecting our focused and phased approach 
towards building future-ready capacities. 
 
Finally, to conclude, the Board of Directors at its meeting has recommended final dividend of 
INR2.6 per equity share of face value of INR5 each for FY '25. It is subject to approval by 
members at AGM. While the broader environment posed challenges through most of the year, 
our Q4 performance reinforces the strength of our core capabilities and the strategic groundwork 
we have laid. We are confident this upward trajectory positions us well as we move into the new 
fiscal year. 
 
That's it from my side. Now I would like to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities. 
Mihir Vora: 
So, my question is on the exports part. So, we have been positive on the exports. And just wanted 
to know whether how it will be ramping up from Q1 onwards? And what is your full year target 
for the exports this year? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
This is Jiten Divgi here. You're able to hear me clearly? Can you hear me, Mihir? 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Mihir Vora: 
Yes. You are audible. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
So, as I said, we have approval for 8 components. They are coming in, in a sort of phased 
sequence. With the numbers which we have right now from customers, the forecast appears to 
be around INR70 crores, but the only qualification I would add is that with the tumult going on 
in the US because of the tariff uncertainty, it's very difficult to sort of divine what the numbers 
will be given that this could lead to some fear of inflation and therefore, the market softening up 
in the US. There is some anxiety over this. 
 
But at the end of the day, the US is a very large solid market, highly -- almost a continent sized 
market. So, we know that the numbers will be there. The INR70 crores is actually a discounted 
forecast. The RFQ volumes, if I take that into consideration, we should have been at around 
INR90 crores. But we have discounted based on our experience and sort of judgment of what is 
going on. So, I hope that answers your question. 
Mihir Vora: 
And sir, just one thing on this, that currently in our discussions with the customers, so are we 
seeing like anxiety there, but how bad can the situation happen? And any color on that, like what 
we are looking in our case? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. Excellent question. So, our interaction with many of our customers is at 2 levels, I should 
say 3; the operating plants, the strategic purchasing management and also, in some cases, stock 
management. And we're also talking to the legal side of these businesses because they keep a 
watch on what's happening. 
 
The United States of America for the last, I would say, almost 100 years is not used -- especially 
after World War II is not used to this kind of chaos in imports. US was always in a very 
unassailable kind of condition as a superpower and had very down-to-earth simple customs 
procedure. Now with Mr. Trump bringing these initiatives, it has caused a certain amount of 
confusion even in the bureaucracy. 
 
But having said all this, there is an expectation that with countries of Europe, with India, this 
whole negotiation that is going on will eventually settle down. And there is an expectation that 
India will come to some kind of a reasonable settlement and we will try and continue the 2.5% 
import duty regime that was applicable on Indian exports. 
 
But you have to consider the fact that we've done our research and it appears that India will 
continue to enjoy at least a 25% import duty advantage over China. But besides that, I think 
there is a strategic sort of recognition in the United States that for far too long, they have put all 
their eggs in one basket. 
 
And even if 30% to 40% of their sourcing is done out of India or non-China, not even India, 
non-China, it would be a good idea. So that's what we are seeing today. Many of our customers 
are putting in place organizations within their companies to have a dedicated focus on India, 
India sourcing now. And in most cases, these initiatives are led by members of the Indian 
diaspora, who, of course, have the familiarity with India as a market and a culture. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
So, we see this advantage coming to India in the coming years, both from Europe and the United 
States. Very interestingly, China itself presents a very interesting opportunity because -- for your 
information, Chinese production is almost double now that of the United States. And the market 
is so huge that there are entire segments in the Chinese market that are bigger than the Indian 
automotive industry. 
 
So many Chinese Tier 1s and other players are after the huge gargantuan volumes and what we 
might consider big volumes by Indian standards are low to medium volumes for the Chinese 
players. And therefore, finding suppliers for these niches is becoming difficult in China. And 
Divgi have had a long history of working in China since 2000, almost 25 years. 
 
And so, we have our contacts, our friends in the Chinese market, and we are paying a lot of 
attention to China as well. Along with Europe and United States, we are seeing a renewed 
strategic focus on India also from Japan and Korea, where, of course, companies like Toyota, 
Honda and Hyundai of Korea are global leaders. 
 
So, I would say with all of this, the strategic outlook for manufacturing from India is extremely 
robust. It is competitive. Let me not sort of look at it as they say from rose-tinted glasses, it is a 
tough competitive space there. But I think by now, Divgi is a seasoned player. We have deep 
connection to top management. We have a great track record. 
 
And so overall, I'm guardedly optimistic about the future. We have a robust business 
development register, as we call it. A lot of inquiries are there. We are working -- we have people 
positioned in East Asia and in Germany to pursue this. And we continue to look at ideas to 
strengthen our local presence in these markets. I hope I've answered your question. 
Mihir Vora: 
Yes, sir. And just a quick question. Like you mentioned in the beginning that we are targeting 
around 50% sales growth in FY '26. So basically, would this be more skewed towards, say, 
second half or it will -- we'll start seeing the changes from the first quarter onwards only? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. Be patient and don't steal our thunder for the first quarter earnings call. In good time, we 
will share everything with you. But -- so my personal focus is not so -- I mean, I think the team 
is doing a great job of managing, as Dipak Vani and Sudhir told you, our teams -- operational 
teams are doing a fantastic job in terms of managing this. 
 
My personal focus is to bring about the really big opportunities that will give us a sort of lift for 
the next 2 to 3 years. And the goal really is to set a path towards that INR1,000 crores goal, 
which we had set ourselves. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Anova Capital. 
Kunal Shah: 
In Q4 FY '25, we saw a good recovery. So, considering that, can you give some guidance 
regarding the direction outlook for FY '26? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. Normally, we are not in the business of -- we do give sort of directional guidance, not too 
many specifics. But let me assure you that the EV segment will see -- we are expecting at least 
a 50% growth at least, the numbers could actually be much more. But because this particular 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
product that we are introducing goes on the most attractive segment, we feel of the Indian EV 
industry. It's a segment that has some really stylish products. 
 
They are quite in the affordable space and there's very good service backup from a company like 
Tata. These models are also the most visible in the market today. So that's one aspect. In the 
previous question, I gave you a sense of where our exports is headed compared to the extremely 
modest number we had in FY '25. 
 
And we are seeing some pretty amazing recovery beyond my expectation in the 4-wheel drive 
business. And this, ladies and gentlemen, I can tell you is the resurgence of Mahindra. This new 
5-door Thar is like a blockbuster product. It is quite unique, extremely stylish and none of the 
global players has an answer to the Thar ROXX. 
 
So, it is just powering its way through the market. I think Mahindra is challenged on capacity, 
and I won't be surprised that in the next few months, even we will be surprised. But once bitten, 
twice shy, we don't want to promise you the Moon, but we are on pretty solid ground there as 
well. 
 
So, these 3 features will propel FY '26 -- and as I said, our now aim is to -- while sort of managing 
that entire, let's call it, our operational tactical front for FY '26 is to really focus on bringing 
home the bacon as they say, on these new next-generation automatics. That is crucial because 
whatever happens tactically in FY '26, the winning a big program on this automatic at this stage 
in FY '25 because one of the key milestones of the Indian industry is going to come in '27, '28. 
 
And if we have to be part of that, we need an award in this year. So, continue watching the space. 
We have some really bright hot irons in the fire, as they say. And I really look forward to having 
some kind of a great announcement before December. So that is the way I would characterize 
FY '26. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for the day. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. So, thank you very much. So, I'm told some 40-odd people have come. I feel very obliged 
that you take the time and interest to follow us. And I can tell you that personally, I am totally 
committed to making sure that we redeem the promise that we have given you that this company 
will do something unique and different in the automotive industry in India. 
 
To enable each of our business segments to reach their full potential, we have laid out clear 
focused strategies. We have a great team, experienced team working. And we -- I'm personally 
very pleased that at the milestones we have achieved and that we have set for ourselves in FY 
'26. 
 
The rebound in Q4 is actually -- it's just like a light appetizer. I can tell you that the first 2 months 
of this quarter has been even better than that. And so, this is a strong indicator of positive 
momentum returning to the business in line with our expectations of a sustained recovery in 
domestic volumes. And of course, supplemented and complemented by a healthy pipeline of 
export orders. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
So, as I just summarized, these strengths collectively position us well for a volume-led recovery 
as FY '26 unfolds. So, we step now into the future with confidence in our strategy, the strength 
in execution and a certain conviction in our people. Of course, at the same time, I must 
emphasize that we are alert to global uncertainties. We know what the levers are in trade 
dynamics and the varying pace of EV adoption across markets and technologies. 
 
But India being a sort of tropical country, most of our markets are in the tropical regions. We 
believe that EVs -- the whole electrification wave is here to stay. And we do have some solid 
market research at a global level that we've done that supports this view. And at the right time, 
we will be sharing the results of our research with all of you. So, I'm confident that we are 
working to accelerate our plans and that we will continue to remain of long-term value to our 
customers and investors. 
 
So, thank you very much, and I look forward to interactions then when we have our AGM and 
the next earnings call in the near future. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
