9 
~~ 
OIL INDIA 
~ 
$B~, R-tfcfte.s 
Oil India Limited 
3TTIB mcl5R cf> 3reftar 
licl5~~ 
A Maharatna CPSE under 
Government of India 
Paic>1fl:ta cbl.!.lfdl.!.I /Corporate Office 
3ITTTR N,ffi/OIL House, 
~ 
ar. I Plot No.19, ~Sector-16A, 
cifTC!sT/ Noida-201301 (:3.~.) (U.P.) 
"Cffiaf/Phone: +91-120-2419000 
t-ol'R/E-mail: oilindia@oilindia.in 
Ref. No. OIL/SEC/32-33/NSE-BSE 
Dated: 03.06.2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/ 1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: OIL 
Sub: 
Investors' and Analysts' Meet - 2025 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Service 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 00 I 
Security Code: 533106 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 201 S 
Sir/Madam, 
We write fu11her to our letter of even no. dated 20.05.2025 regarding Investors' and Analysts' 
Meet - 2025 and submit herewith the Transcript of the said Meet [dated 28.05.2025] which 
has also been uploaded on our website as detailed hereunder: 
www.oil-india.com q 
Investors 
q 
Investor Services q 
Analysts / Investors Meet 
q 
Transcript of the Analysts' and Investors' Meet on 28th May, 2025 
Weblink: 
https://www.oil-
india.com/files/investor services documents/Transcript of the Analysts and Investors Meet o 
n 28th May 2025.pdf 
This is for your information & records please. 
Thanking you, 
Encl.: As above 
Yours faithfully, 
For Oil India Limited 
A.K. Sahoo 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
~~~ 
,.,,3Rrn, /Regd. Office Duliajan, Pin - 786602, Dibrugarh, Assam, Tel.: +913742804510, +913742800427 
============= Web: www.oll-lndla.com I CIN - L 11101AS1959GOI001148 
Ajaya 
Kumar 
Sahoo
Digitally signed 
by Ajaya Kumar 
Sahoo 
Date: 2025.06.03 
11:52:22 +05'30'

1 
 
OIL India Ltd.'s Annual Investors and Analysts Meet 2025 
 
− Compere: 
− Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished guests, and all our esteemed investors and 
analysts present on the occasion, a very warm welcome and good evening to all. First 
of all, I would like to invite CMD, OIL India Ltd. and other board members to kindly 
come on to the dais and take their position. I also request MD, NRL and DF, NRL to 
come on to the dais and take their seat. I also request CEO Emkay Global Financial 
Services Ltd. Mr. Nirav Sheth to come on to the dais and take his seat. Thank you, sir.  
− Ladies and gentlemen, it is indeed a real pleasure to welcome you all to OIL India 
Ltd.'s Annual Investors and Analysts Meet 2025. First and foremost, I would like to 
extend my heartfelt gratitude to all our esteemed investors, analysts, and 
stakeholders for your unwavering trust and support. We deeply appreciate your time 
and interest in our company. Today, it's indeed an immense pleasure for us as we 
gather here to discuss our company's performance, progress, achievements, and 
future endeavours. Ladies and gentlemen, your belief in our mission fuels our drive 
to push boundaries and create a lasting impact. 
− At the outset, I am happy to announce that today we have with us the members of 
the Board of Directors of the company, led by our Chairman and Managing Director, 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, and other senior executives of the company. We are also honoured 
to have the Managing Director and Director of Finance of NRL among us. I would like 
to convey our special thanks to Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd. for coordinating 
this event.  
− Dear friends, being investors and analysts, you have been an integral part of our 
success story. Your unwavering support, financial backing, and guidance have helped 
us not only to sustain and grow, but also to create values for our stakeholders. It's 
needless to mention that together we have overcome challenges, embraced 
opportunities, and consistently strived for excellence. Over the past, we have 
witnessed various milestones, embraced challenges, and seized opportunities that 
have strengthened our position as an important partner in nation building. As we 
look ahead, we remain committed to sustainable growth, new technology induction, 
and delivering value to our stakeholders. 
− During today's interactions, we will provide you with a comprehensive update on our 
operating and financial performance, key business initiatives, our strategic 
partnership across the energy value chain, the initiatives being taken by the 
company towards our commitment to environmental sustainability, and our 
corporate social responsibility initiatives. This Investor Meet serves as an invaluable 
platform for us to engage in meaningful dialogue, exchange ideas, and address any 
concerns or queries which you may have. We value your insights, feedback, and 
perspectives as they contribute to our continuous improvement and long-term 
success. Once again, we thank you for your presence and partnership. We look 
forward to a productive and inspiring session.  

2 
 
− Without further ado, now I would like to invite Mr. Nirav Sheth, CEO, Institutional 
Business, Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, for an address to our esteemed 
audience. 
− Nirav Sheth – CEO, Institutional Business, Emkay Global Financial Services Limited: 
− A very good afternoon and a very warm welcome. I really appreciate, because the 
audience has taken you know, you've been brave enough to face the rains that 
you've seen today, and you've been on time. I also deeply thank the management of 
OIL India for making Emkay as a partner for hosting this Analyst’s Meet. 
− Very quickly, a big thank you for Dr. Ranjit Rath, the CMD of OIL India. He doesn't 
need any introduction, but let me tell you that since morning, he has hosted almost 
about four meetings, non-stop, not even taking a lunch break. So that tells you that 
the company is in very safe hands. 
− Mr. Abhijit Majumder - Director Finance, Mr. Trailukya Borgohain - Director 
Operations, Dr. Ankur Baruah - Director HR. We also have representation from NRL, 
led by Mr. Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan, who is the MD, and Mr. Sachidananda Maharana - 
Director Finance.  
− I will not take too much of time. OIL India is a very well-known company, doesn't 
need any introduction. You guys are all specialists and domain experts. Dr. Ranjit, I 
want to call you over here for making the opening remarks. Thank you.  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− Good afternoon. First of all, heartfelt gratitude to everyone present in this room. 
While I would like to address you as distinguished shareholders and distinguished 
analysts, but more than that, it was actually a rainy day, so we were not very 
hopeful. But we are so thankful to each one of you that you braved the inclement 
weather and made it a point to participate in this discussion, where we would like to 
share our growth story, and we would also honour your feedback. 
− Now, as far as the morning engagements, let me clarify, that's my job. And together, 
we are here to look for possibly, one of the biggest discoveries, being an oil and gas 
company more in the upstream sector. That's what is the minimum ask of all of us on 
the dais here. As OIL India, we are looking forward to a biggest discovery, and that's 
what country needs. And that is where your unwavering contribution and support to 
OIL India Limited is very hugely acknowledged. And may I request to have one round 
of applause for all of you in the hall. 
− (applause) 
− Now, in the next few couple of minutes, I will summarize our fiscal 2025 results. We 
would also like to share a thought process, what is the outlook that we are all 
interested to look at, and what has been our ambition as far as 2030 is concerned.  
− So during FY 2025, we maintained a consistent revenue and profit regime, with a 
revenue of about ₹37,830 crore, that's 0.5% higher than FY 2024. The EBITDA 
witnessed ₹12,824 crore, and the PAT is ₹7,039 crore consolidated. As far as 

3 
 
standalone is concerned, we did about ₹6,111 crore, which is about 10% of last year, 
and we achieved a 6% higher revenue in the 4th Quarter, that is ₹9,970 crore, and 3% 
higher PAT of ₹1,497 crore, that's the Q4. These results were achieved against a 
volatile, which we are all aware of, commodity backdrop without stretching the 
balance sheet.  
− One thing I would like to share with you, that while we all know that volatility of the 
commodity price is part of our ecosystem, it's part of our business portfolio, so we 
are aware of it. But what we do not know is the degree of volatility. So what we do, 
whenever there is a drop or depletion or an outlook, we immediately kick-start our 
strategy of optimising our operations in terms of cost efficiency, and that's what we 
have already initiated. So that's a comfort or assurance that I would like to give to 
each one of you here.  
− Solid free cash flow enabled the board to have recommended about final dividend of 
₹1.50 per share, bringing a full year payout of ₹11.5 per share, that is 115% on face 
value, while still funding the largest capital programme of OIL India Limited during 
this period, that's about ₹8,600 crore.  
− So what assurance we would like to give to each one of you, that we will continue to 
be a dividend paying, and meet through internal accrual our E&P investments, 
because we strongly believe that these E&P investments will not only help us to 
reach our target of 4 million metric ton ambition and 5 BCM of natural gas, we would 
necessarily do this for enhancing our discovery possibilities in the Indian ecosystem. 
The healthy financial position leaves us well placed to seize India's policy tailwinds, 
and I would like to add a bit on that particular thing, plus the rising energy demand 
that aligns closely with our focus and our portfolio.  
− The national oil and gas, just to give you a perspective, by 2040 we are looking at 
refining capacity from a demand point of view, about 440 million metric tons. And if I 
take 88% of current import, and we take the clarion call of the Hon’ble Prime 
Ministers, advise that we must attempt 10% import reduction while several other 
initiatives are on, we need about 90 million metric tons, 2040 domestic production. 
And today we are hovering around 30 million metric tons. That's the opportunity 
that we are talking about. And we strongly believe that the Indian ecosystem or the 
geology of India, or Indian subcontinent, offers that kind of possibilities. 
− With the demand, and how the policy tailwind is supporting, let's look at the no-go 
zone area getting unlocked for the purpose of exploration, which we have already 
witnessed in the OALP-IX round. And I must be very happy to share with you, we 
secured about 40,000 sq.km. of area as part of our petroleum exploration licence. So 
that gives us a total number of, together along with our partners, 1,12,000 sq.km. of 
exploration acreage per se. And on top of it, we have access to 4,800 sq.km. of 
petroleum mining lease that is with us under nomination acreage. And there is a 
three-pronged strategy on which we are working, and the current amendment which 
has happened, Oil Field Regulation and Development Act amendment, is actually 
enabling us to seek collaboration with international oil companies and national oil 
companies to undertake these deep and ultra-deepwater exploration that we are 
foreseeing.  

4 
 
− I will share a bit more about it. In terms of the category 2 and category 3 basin where 
these exploration acreages are there, we are talking about seismic to be captured 
first, identify prospects and undertake drilling. That's the potential which is policy 
tailwind is offering today to the E&P company. In addition to that, to maintain the 
production, because while this is a two-year to five-year timeline, to maintain the 
production for all of you in terms of Q1, Q2 analysis, or Year 1, Year 2 analysis, we 
undertake near-field exploration within our mining lease. And that is what has 
resulted in the growth story that OIL India is scripting since last three years to share. 
In addition to that, for Q1, Q2 modifications or observations or financial reporting, 
we undertake development drilling within the existing fields. So this is the three-
pronged strategy which OIL India Limited has adopted. 
− Now in addition to this, there is a negotiation which we do, having the mature fields 
that we do, or we negate or we negotiate in terms of the field or the formations. So 
a decline rate of about 10% is seen, and we however script a growth of 3% to 5%. 
That means, we not only negate the production decline by virtue of our active near-
field exploration and development well drilling, we also script 3% to 5%. And going 
forward, we will do the same strategy for year-on-year. And that is reflected on the 
numbers that you would have seen, that earlier we used to drill about 30 to 35 
number of wells. Today we are drilling 60 plus wells, and as we speak, this year we 
plan to do about 75 to 80 wells. And we will have a mix of exploratory wells for our 
long-term strategy, and development wells in the near-field exploration and in the 
field of production for our short-term strategy.  
− In terms of performance, in the upstream segment, the total hydrocarbon 
production rose to 6.7 million ton of oil and oil equivalent. The average crude 
realization this year witnessed about $78.09 per barrel from last year's $83.03. And 
despite the drop, because of the growth that we have seen in terms of our physical 
performance, we could maintain the revenue and script a 10% growth on the PAT. 
− We will continue to do our exploration portfolio that I have shared in terms of our 
OALP-IX round, and as we speak, we have also drilled the first well in Andaman 
Nicobar. The second well drilling is undergoing right now, and we are already ready 
with the Letter of Award given for the jack-up rig, which will be used for our Kerala 
Konkan offshore project.  
− At the downstream part, since now we are a Maharatna and an integrated energy 
company, Numaligarh Refinery gave us 3.06 million tons of crude processing; that's 
more than 100% capacity utilization. The gross refining margin, and I must tell you 
that this is by far one of the best numbers in the current depleted crude oil price 
outlook and drop spread, is $5.14 per barrel i.e. GRM, and the spread that we 
encountered in the last year is $7.9 per barrel as far as MS or petrol is concerned, 
and about $11 plus barrel for HSD. And in terms of distillate yield, we achieved at 
NRL level about 87%. So we maximized diesel production vis-a-vis the petrol 
production, aligning ourselves with the spread that is available.  
− Our pipeline network enabled seamless movement of crude, natural gas, and 
product with highest reliability. In new and alternate energy sector, I am very happy 
to say that we have got a collaborative framework with the Government of Assam 
for 600 plus megawatt of solar photovoltaic project, out of which 25 has already 

5 
 
kick-started. And recently we have signed a collaborative framework with the 
Government of Rajasthan for about 1,000 megawatt of solar photovoltaic. And as all 
of you would know, the Assam bio-refinery project, or we call it as Assam bio-
ethanol project, is on track, it's a JV of NRL. And as we speak the pre-commissioning 
process is in the final stage.  
− Now one more thing which I would like to share from an outlook perspective, the 
brownfield expansion of Numaligarh Refinery from 3 million ton to 9 million ton is on 
track, and we are extremely confident of commissioning by December 2025. And 
that's what would also kind of give us an outlook for year ‘26, some kind of a trickling 
revenue, because the refinery, new refinery will take some time for stabilisation And 
so FY27 we are very hopeful to have stream of revenue from the capacity-expanded 
Numaligarh Refinery.  
− Two more positives. We have one captive pipeline, which is Duliajan-Numaligarh 
pipeline, which currently is a captive use. We are supplying natural gas, 1 million 
standard cubic metre per day to Numaligarh. Pursuant to expansion, we have also 
undertaken capacity expansion, of upgradation rather, of the DNPL line, that would 
be 2.5 million standard cubic metre. And in order to connect the major gas source of 
OIL India Limited to the IGGL, that is Indradhanush Gas Grid, which is a north-east 
gas grid, the Duliajan feeder line is in the approval process advanced stage. There 
was a rerouting which has to be done, which we will cover in the presentation. That 
will take about two years to complete, and that will add an opportunity for OIL India 
Limited to evacuate the gas pool that we are having.  
− In addition to that, as far as our overseas assets are concerned, we will cover it in the 
presentation, but by and large, our Russian assets has been dividend yielding. The 
Taas asset has already given us 100% plus dividends, so all the money is recovered. 
The Vankorneft asset has already given us about 88% dividend.  
− One of our major stakes in terms of overseas investment is the Mozambique asset, 
that's an LNG project. All of you know Total is the operator, along with OVL, BPRL 
and OIL India, we have got 30% stake there. As we speak, though I'm not a 
spokesperson of the operator, but we are hopeful by this mid-July, we should have 
the project again restarting, which was on hold because of some security concern 
there. 
− Let's now talk about a kind of strategic roadmap. By the end of this decade, we aim 
to increase our upstream production from 6.7 to 8 with near-field exploration, and 
with additional discoveries, it would be about 10 to 12 million tons of oil and oil 
equivalent. We will be able to triple our refining capacity; by then the refinery will be 
fully stabilised operating to its health. We will by then also be able to complete the 
polypropylene unit, another 7,000 crore downstream of the refining capacity, which 
is an integrated one, because the upfront investment is already there. And this will 
also take the petrochemical intensity index of the refinery to 4%. By then, we will 
have our interest in biofuel, which will be a blending requirement for our 
petroleum… MS production, that will be up and running. By then, we will have about 
10 odd compressed biogas plants up and running; that's one thing which we have 
covered in the presentation. and we will have a big pool of renewables in Assam and 
in Rajasthan. So we will continue to have our focus more on upstream, that's an E&P 

6 
 
player, then the downstream, that's NRL, the pipeline part, that's the midstream 
part.  
− One more thing which I will share, with 9 million ton refinery, the product 
evacuation we have already created that narrative. The existing product evacuation 
pipeline, which is Numaligarh-Siliguri-NSPL pipeline, currently operating at 1.7 
million metric ton, has been upgraded to 5.5 as we speak. The mechanical 
completion is over. So in another three months' time that would also be ready well 
before the refinery is commissioned. We have an Indo-Bangladesh Friendship 
Pipeline, 1 million metric ton capacity. That's also in place, and as we speak, without 
any disturbances, 0.4 million metric ton is moving. We have got a collaboration with 
Assam's Inland Water Transport so that we can utilise the IWT for moving our cargo. 
We are looking at Look East policy basis markets. We have already got a 
collaboration, which is a public knowledge, with BPCL to help NRL in sourcing our 
crude, because more we produce in the domestic field, we would kind of upset the 
import requirement, nevertheless that would hover around 5.5 to 6 million metric 
ton going forward, which will happen at BPCL level, giving us a leverage in price 
point. In terms of upstream, we are looking at a 20% boost in next five years through 
our near field exploration campaign and evacuation infrastructure scale-up.  
− In fact, one more interesting thing which I would like to share, you would have 
noticed our flaring has reduced substantially. So two things what we have done, we 
have got additional compressor stations in our stranded fields which is actually 
helping us to evacuate those natural gas, and there is a field called Kumchai in 
Arunachal Pradesh. We have already built a pipeline and we are evacuating 1 million 
standard cubic metre of gas per day, which was getting flared. So by virtue of that 
pipeline, we are evacuating So a) we are reducing our carbon footprint towards our 
20-40 carbon neutrality approach, but also we are monetising it.  
− And all of you would know, that it gels well with the kind of geographical area we 
have access to. We have our solid presence in North-East, and Tripura we have got 
six districts. The entire Nagaland and Arunachal provinces are with OIL India in 
collaboration with HPCL and BPCL respectively. We foresee that these are those 
sunrise sectors where the consumption and the growth opportunities will come.  
− So just to summarise, we are looking at six key enablers. I can assure you that the 
technological capabilities of OIL India Limited is par excellence when we compare it 
with global standards. A skilled talent pool that we have. We are looking at strategic 
partnerships. Two I can share which is in the public domain, otherwise we are bound 
by the Confidentiality Agreement. We have got a collaboration with Petrobras Brazil, 
which are actually pioneers in deep water and ultra-deepwater drilling. So we are 
having discussions for a possible collaboration, not only to collaborate for the OALP-
IX possible drilling locations, but also OALP-X. We have got a technological service 
agreement with Total Energy, who are going to support us in selection of our 
locations for drilling, which is the best thing that can happen to any E&P process, but 
also to help us design the well, which is about the most complex thing when you are 
looking at a water depth of about 2,000m and a depth of drilling of about 7,000m.  
− In terms of capital allocation, this year we did about 8,600 crore, and together with 
NRL, we are looking at about 15,000 to 16,000 crore investment. And one thing is an 

7 
 
assurance from all of us on my behalf, behalf of Board of OIL India Limited and NRL, 
we remain committed to maintain the conservative leverage that we have today. At 
OIL India level it is 25%, at NRL level consolidated it is about 55%. 
− Before I close, with the outlook that we have, I am sure all of you would have that 
particular thought, with the current outlook of crude price point, we have already 
initiated… I will not say cost cutting per se, we have already initiated an efficient 
mechanism of doing business in terms of our efficiency in doing more drilling within 
the timeline of 365 days, creating more prospects in terms of doing G& G and then 
creating drillable locations, and more importantly, identifying better pools which 
would give us a higher production.  
− So with this, once again, thank you very much for joining us today as part of this 
Analyst and Investor Meet. Since morning I had excellent interactions and feedback 
from couple of our friends from analysts, and we will look forward to having a very, 
very constructive and open feedback. Thank you very much.  
− Compere: 
− Thank you CMD sir for such a detailed and valuable speech to the audience. Now I 
request Mr. Debojeet Hazarika - GM Finance, OIL India Limited, to deliver the 
presentation to the audience. Thank you.  
− Mr. Debojeet Hazarika - GM Finance, OIL India Ltd:  
− Thank you. Very good evening to esteemed friends from the investors and analysts’ 
community, dignitaries on the dais, off the dais, ladies and gentlemen. It’s indeed 
heartening to see a full house today on a rainy evening, and it gives a much needed 
fillip to the oil team to work hard and take our esteemed organisation to newer 
heights and conquer newer horizons.  
− Yes, indeed, the theme of today's presentation is conquering newer horizons. It 
reflects our commitment to strategic transformation, building on a legacy of 
operational excellence while embracing the future of energy. Today, we'll walk you 
through an overview of the company, our performance in Financial Year 25, our 
operational performance, OIL India's 2030 strategic priorities, and a roadmap aimed 
at delivering sustainable value for all stakeholders.  
− Let me take a minute to walk you through today's agenda. We'll begin with an 
overview of who we are, what defines OIL India today, our skill, our integrated 
presence, and the core differentiators that make us resilient and investment worthy. 
From there, we'll dive into our financial highlights, which reflect not just strong top 
line and bottom line delivery, but simply in capital deployment and long-term value 
creation. And finally, we'll walk you through our strategic and operational 
performance, looking at upstream, midstream, downstream, and new energy in 
detail.  
− A glimpse of OIL's six decades of journey. We started our journey linked to the first 
oil discovery in Asia, that's in Digboi in the northeastern state of Assam. We have our 
origin in that place from 1889. We got formally incorporated as OIL India in 1959. 
The company got nationalized as a central CPSC in 1981. Going ahead, 2009-10 was 

8 
 
the year when we were elevated to Navratna status, and that was the year when we 
did our first IPO. The next decade was the story of international acquisitions, our 
diversification initiatives into renewable, into the CGD space. In 2021, we acquired 
Numaligarh Refinery, the majority stake of 69.63%, and that makes OIL India truly 
integrated, both in the upstream and downstream. From landmark global 
partnerships to India's first green hydrogen plant and our recent offshore expansion 
in the Andaman, the last few years have marked a significant phase of transportation 
and strategic growth.  
− OIL India is a fully integrated energy platform, spanning upstream, midstream, 
downstream, and new energy built through discipline, expansion, and strategic 
partnerships. Today, we operate across 62 E&P blocks with 93,000 sq.km. of acreage. 
We have overseas presence in seven countries, in 10 projects, with a mixed portfolio 
of producing, developing, and exploration assets. We manage a 3,700 kms. plus 
pipeline network comprising of crude oil, product, and gas distribution network. Our 
refinery, Numaligarh Refinery, is going through a major capacity expansion from 3 
million to 9 million metric ton. We also have presence in Petchem through our 
holdings in BCPL and Assam Petrochemicals Limited. Numaligarh Refinery is coming 
up with a 360 KTPA Petchem unit. We have 188 megawatt installed capacity of 
renewable energy, and already in collaboration with Government of Rajasthan and 
Assam, aims to set up additional 1.8 gigawatt solar plants. Numaligarh is coming up 
with a 2.4 KTPA green hydrogen plant. We also aim to set up 25 CBG plants pan 
India. The company has entered also into the critical mineral space by winning one 
graphite and vanadium block in Arunachal Pradesh. This entire integration enables 
full cycle value capture, cost efficiency, and structural resilience across commodity 
and transition cycles.  
− This slide gives an overview of oil's accuracy both, in-country and international. 
Strategic wins under OALP and DSF have given us about 93,000 sq.km. of operated 
acreage across 62 blocks, spanning pan India, covering every major Indian basin and 
ensuring a rich inventory of drilling opportunities. Our international portfolio spans 
across 10 assets in 7 countries, with a 2P reserve of 41 million metric ton of oil 
equivalent. The investments in the two Russian assets are giving regular dividends to 
the company, against a total investment of USD 1 billion. We have recovered till date 
USD 942 million against two investments, that's in TYNGD and Vankorneft. We have 
already recovered 100% of our investments against the project TYNGD, and against 
Vankorneft we have recovered around 84 to 85% of the investment.  
− Our growth is underpinned by a well-structured portfolio of strategic joint ventures 
and subsidiaries across the energy value chain. In particular, we have established 
ourselves as a key energy player in the Northeast through our portfolio. To 
exclusively manage the company's green initiatives, we have formed a whole new 
subsidiary this year in January ‘25, naming OIL Green Energy Limited, and we have 
also formed another JV with APGCL OIL Green Power Limited to set up 650 
megawatt solar plants across the state of Assam. Internationally, we operate in 7 
countries across 10 upstream assets through a mix of wholly owned subsidiaries and 
equity partnerships. This structure offers diversification and risk balance exposure to 
global opportunities.  

9 
 
− OIL Board comprises of five functional directors led by our esteemed chairman, Dr. 
Ranjit Rath. A high-calibre leadership team with deep industry, technical and policy 
expertise together is steering the company's performance and strategic direction. 
OIL Board currently has one government-nominated director and four independent 
directors. All come with rich experience in diverse fields and immensely contribute 
with their invaluable inputs to steer the company to excellence, at the same time 
ensuring strong corporate governance.  
− OIL is rated domestically by CRISIL and CARE. We have got the highest domestic 
rating. We are rated by Moody's and Fitch as an international agency. We have got 
investment-grade ratings, which is at par with the sovereign rating of the country. 
The Government of India holds majority stake in the company with 56.66% 
shareholding.  
− With over 65 years of heritage and now elevated to Maharatna status, OIL India 
stands as a strategic pillar in India's energy ecosystem and a consistent value creator 
for shareholders. Our growth momentum is fuelled by strong upstream engine, gas-
led production, high quality reserves. We have maintained a 3% production CAGR 
with gas now comprising more than 50% of the output and a high margin future 
aligned growth driver. We have a fully integrated oil and gas portfolio spanning 
across the E&P, pipelines, refining and petrochemical, enabling us to capture and 
control margin across the energy value chain. The NRL expansion and polypropylene 
plant will further strengthen this integration. We are building a de-risked, future-
ready energy business. Over 20,000 crores has been committed towards our target 
of achieving net zero by 2040. All of this is translating into consistently 
outperforming shareholders' returns, backed by disciplined financial performance. 
We have delivered a 38% plus three-year TSR outperforming PSU peers, with an 
EBITDA of around 34% margins. In essence, OIL India is a high growth focused 
enterprise with integrated operations and diversified portfolio that enable a high 
margin, de-risked, sustainability-oriented play that drives superior shareholder value 
creation for investors.  
− OIL India's focused execution and disciplined strategy have translated into 
outstanding shareholder value with a 2.7 times share price growth over the last 
three years and a market cap of 69,000 crore as of May 2025. Our fundamentals 
remain strong. We have received 3.46 MMT of crude, 3.25 MMTOE equivalent gas 
production and a steady 31-32% dividend payout. Financial Year 2025 delivered 
₹7,039 crore in PAT and ₹8,467 crore in CapEx commitments, reinforcing both 
operational strength and financial resilience. 
− Now we'll move into the second section of financial highlights. FY25 has been a 
strong year for OIL India, reflecting both operational resilience and disciplined 
execution. We delivered standalone revenue of ₹23,987 crore, EBITDA of ₹10,636 
crore and a 10% growth in profit after tax on a standalone basis, with an 
achievement of ₹6,114 crores. Our dividend payout for the year totals 115% per 
share, fuelled by robust earning per share of ₹37.59 per share and market 
capitalization of ₹69,000 crores. It is a true reflection of the value that we continue 
to deliver to our esteemed shareholders.  

10 
 
− A glimpse of the standalone financial performance of the company. Standalone 
revenue has remained steady at around ₹24,000 crore over the last three years, 
even as crude price and gas price moderated from financial year 2023 peaks. 
Importantly, we have protected profitability with FY25 EBITDA at ₹10,836 crore and 
a PAT at ₹6,114 crore. Key financial ratios remain strong. Operating margin are 
stable at 31%, net profit margin at 27.6% and return on capital employed at a 
healthy 15%. Net worth has grown steadily, reaching ₹39,531 crore in FY25, 
reflecting both earnings momentum and a balance sheet strength.  
− On the price relation front, though there has been a decline in crude price gross 
realisation, but thanks to the withdrawal of the SAED from December 2024, we could 
realize and maintain our net relation at around $50 per barrel. On the gas price, the 
outlook is quite positive. Last year, the gross relation was $6.5 per MMBTU. This 
time, going ahead by government's policy, the gas price now is $6.75 per MMBTU. 
And also, in view of the government's policy regarding the 20% premium that will be 
applicable on new well gas production, we have a quite positive view on the gas 
pricing scenario going forward. Despite the normalizing in pricing, our margins have 
remained resilient, reflecting cost control and portfolio balance.  
− At the consolidated level, revenue reached ₹37,830 crore, largely stable versus FY24, 
with an EBITDA of ₹12,823 crore. Profit after tax grew to ₹7,039 crore, up from 
₹6,980 crore last year, and the net worth grew by 10% to ₹48,955 crore.  
− We now move to the strategic initiatives and operational performance of the 
company. OIL's strategic focus is aligned with India's evolving energy priorities, by 
targeting high-growth, high-impact energy sectors. India's upstream story is robust, 
with consistent increase in oil and rapid growth driven by gas in-market demand for 
refined output petrochemicals, further driven by strong policy impetus. Given the 
global energy transition, new energy will dominate India's energy capacity additions 
over the next two decades.  
− Let us now delve deeper into the vast area of opportunities within India's upstream 
sector. India's demand for crude oil and natural gas is projected to almost double by 
2040, with gas consumption growing faster than oil. To achieve 10% points reduction 
in import dependence, domestic output have to increase to around 90 million tons 
of crude oil and 11 million tons of gas by 2040. Meeting these targets will require 
sharper exploration, quicker project sanctions and seamless midstream connectivity, 
areas in which OIL India already delivers consistently.  
− The country's national 2P reserves are drifting lower, with oil moving from 450 to 
434 million metric tons and gas from 655 to 643 BCM between FY22 and FY24. The 
reserve replacement ratio has slipped to 0.5 for oil and 1 for gas, and the reserves to 
production life of both fuels continues to shorten. These trends underline the need 
for more aggressive exploration, faster development drilling and advanced recovery 
methods to underpin the demand outlook.  
− Key policy reforms from the government side continue to drive exploration and 
strengthen upstream sector attractiveness. Benchmark-led crude pricing reforms 
now align domestic prices with global markets, introducing netback pricing and 
offering incentives for mature and marginal fields, making exploration economics 

11 
 
more attractive. The Parikh Gas Pricing Framework links pricing to the Indian crude 
basket and grants a premium for new oil gas, significantly improving gas field 
returns. The draft Oilfield Regulatory and Development Bill's recent amendments 
provide stable lease tenures, a single license covering all hydrocarbons, shared 
infrastructure provisions and rationalized penalties, thus creating a predictable 
operating environment. Opening previously restricted offshore no-go zones has 
already freed about 1 lakh sq.km. for bidding, with 54,000 sq.km. awarded under 
OALP and more than 8 lakh square kilometre yet to be opened, unlocking substantial 
future exploration potential in the country.  
− OIL's 2030 strategy is built primarily on four core pillars reinforced by critical 
enablers. Our 2030 vision is anchored by three engine drives towards integrated oil 
and gas scale-up.  
• 
First one is the upstream scale-up of expected 10 to 12 MMTPA through 
expansion via strategic bidding in OALP and DSF blocks and selective equity 
partnerships in high potential clusters.  
• 
On the downstream side, we aim to expand our capacity to 9 million metric ton 
with the commissioning of Numaligarh Refinery’s expanded capacity, a 360 KTPA 
polypropylene Petchem and 500 plus CNG stations across the country. 
• 
On the midstream, we target to scale up to 18 plus MMTPA of crude oil 
pipelines, 2.6 MMTPA plus gas transportation pipelines and 5.5 MMTPA plus 
product pipeline capacity.  
• 
On the new energy front with a 20 crore committed CapEx, we aim to invest 
continuously into solar, wind, green hydrogen, CBG and other new energy 
spaces.  
− To support these four core pillars, we have identified six key enablers.  
− All India's upstream business has demonstrated consistent delivery over the years. In 
the last five years, we have maintained over 3% production CAGR supported by 
targeted interventions and disciplined execution on the ground. Across our asset 
base, we have deployed a wide range of advanced recovery techniques to improve 
productivity, while keeping our lifting costs firmly in the lower quartile. Our domestic 
footprint now includes 62 operated blocks covering approximately 93,000 sq.km., 
securing primarily through successive OALP and DSF rounds. This has been 
complemented by substantial subsurface insights with over 17,000 LKM of 2D and 
5,300 sq.km. of 3D seismic acquired over the last five years. Looking ahead, our 
aspiration is clear, to reach 10 to 12 MMTOE of production annually by 2030, and we 
believe we are well positioned to achieve this, given focus on three areas:  
• 
Scaling up of exploration. Our exploration activity has significantly scaled up with 
over 230 wells drilled in recent years, backed by new rig deployments, 
integrated contracts and strengthened gas infrastructure.  
• Secondly, strategic partnerships. We are leveraging partnerships with 
international oil companies, with performance-based production enhancement 

12 
 
contracts and through deepwater collaborations, including our engagement with 
Total Energies.  
• Thirdly, it is the tech-lead efficiency, and we continue to embed technology 
across the value chain, from integrated seismic and drilling, to digital reservoir 
modelling and advanced development planning.  
- 
Combined with our international upstream portfolio, we believe we have both the 
operational foundation and strategic levers to deliver this vision with confidence. 
− Over the first past five years, our upstream production has climbed from 5.6 to 6.7 
MMTOE, delivering highest output in our history. Gas volumes have consistently 
contributed almost half of our total barrel equivalent mix, enhancing margins and 
lower carbon intensity.  
− Our resource base remains strong and balanced, holding sizable, proofed, probable 
and possible reserves in both oil and gas across domestic and internal assets. 
Domestic 2P oil reserve is 69 million metric ton and gas reserve is 121 MMTOE. In 
FY25, we achieved a reserve replacement ratio of 0.94. On a 2P basis, the reserves to 
production life stands at about 31 years, giving us a long runway to support growth 
while we pursue additional discoveries.  
− The government's latest licensing rounds present a sizable opportunity to expand 
our exploration portfolio. OALP Round X offers 25 blocks, spanning 13 basins and 
about 1.9 lakh sq.km., distributed across onshore, shallow water and deeper 
offshore settings. In parallel, we are screening the Discover Small Fields (DSF) Round 
IV, which bundles 55 pre-discovered accumulations across 9 contract areas. These 
brownfield assets can be fast-tracked through simplified development plans and 
carry lower subsurface risk. By combining selective bidding in OALP with quick-cycle 
DSF opportunities, we aim to secure a robust pipeline of future projects that will 
sustain our upstream growth strategy and support the national goal of higher 
domestic output.  
− OIL India's midstream network is one of the most reliable in the country and central 
to our integrated model. We operate over 1,247 kms. of fully automated crude 
pipeline, one of Asia's oldest and most trusted. In addition, we manage 192 kms. of 
gas and 654 kms. of product pipeline. This network connects key hubs across the 
eastern frontier, including Duliajan, Numaligarh, Digboi, Siliguri Bongaigaon, 
Guwahati and Barauni, ensuring seamless supply and high utilization. We are 
modernizing this infrastructure through a 30-year life extension project. Pump 
stations and terminals are being upgraded with next-generation systems for better 
reliability and throughput.  
− By 2030, we aim to double capacity, reaching over 18 million metric ton per annum 
for crude, 2.6 million metric ton per annum of gas transportation and 5.5 million 
metric ton per annum for product transportation. This will be driven by three levers:  
• First, integrated growth planning with new projects like the 9 MMTPA Paradip-
Numaligarh crude line, the 5.5 MMTPA NSPL product pipeline and a 4.5 
MMSCMD of IGGL gas grid. Several key projects are already underway.  

13 
 
• Secondly, execution strength proven through complex builds like the Ganga HDD 
coursing and macro tunneling in challenging terrain. This demonstrates our 
strength of execution of all these projects.  
• Third, digital operations enabled by a centralized integrated management 
system, inline inspection tools, AI-driven SCADA and predictive leak detection. 
All this gives us a midstream platform that is scalable, future-ready and aligned 
with both energy security and clean energy integration. 
− To underpin our growth expansion and market reach, we are building out the next 
wave of pipelines. The 9 million metric ton Paradi-Numaligarh crude link will feed 
imported crude from Paradip port to the refinery, and is scheduled for 
commissioning in October 2025. Product evacuation capacity is being lifted through 
the Numaligarh-Siligri pipeline where a 5.5 MMTPA augmentation will be completed 
by July 2025 to further open northern markets. On the gas side, we are replacing and 
upgrading the Duliajan-Numaligarh line from the current capacity of 1 MMSCMD of 
gas to 2.5 MMSCMD, scheduled to be commissioned by October 2025, ensuring 
stable natural gas feed for the refinery. Finally, our participation in the 4.5 MMSCMD 
Indradhanush Gas Grid will connect the northeast to the national network in three 
phases, starting July 2025, enabling pan-India customer access and unlocking new 
gas opportunities. The phase-3 of IGGL is scheduled to be completed by March 2027.  
− In the downstream platform led by Numaligarh Refinery, we have delivered robust 
performance year after year. In FY25, we recorded 102% capacity utilization and 87% 
distillate yield and GRMs of 5.14 per barrel, outperforming the Singapore benchmark 
with a further upside from excise duty concession that is available to the refinery. 
We are now scaling this platform. Capacity is being tripled from 3 to 9 million metric 
ton, targeted for completion by end of 2025, with the Paradip-Numaligarh pipeline 
securing imported crude supply. In parallel, a 360 KTPA polypropylene unit is being 
developed to serve regional and export markets. On the diversification front, we are 
progressing high margin derivative projects through BCPL and APL, including a 40 
KTPA DME (dimethyl ether) plant in collaboration with Korean partner Biofriends. 
We are also expanding reach and integration through CGD with over 500 CNG 
stations planned across 9 geographical areas and 25 CBG plants to support fuel 
availability and circularity. This integrated downstream approach positions are 
strongly, not just for volume growth, but for sustained margin leadership and future 
ready product diversification.  
− Diving deeper into Numaligarh Refinery, in FY25, the plant ran at 102% utilization, 
delivering a distillate yield of 87 at a gross refining margin of 5.14 per barrel. The 
facility's Nelson complexity is 9.5, supported by a AAA credit profile, which ensures 
competitive conversion and financing strength for the refinery. Expansion from 3 to 
9 million tons per year is underway, backed by 50% excise benefits for Northeast 
refineries, and pipeline evacuation to move substantial portion of the products to 
market at the low unit cost. Offtake is secured through marketing tie-ups with BPCL, 
HPCL and IOCL, while direct sales to industrial customers such as ONGC, NALCO, 
HINDALCO and GAIL provide additional resilience. High-speed diesel and motor 
spread account for 88% of sales for the refinery, complemented by other products 
like LPG, ATF, solvents and a growing slate of value-added wax and petrochemical 

14 
 
grades. Together, these attributes make Numaligarh a cornerstone of our integrated 
value chain as a major earnings lever as the capacity triples by 2025.  
− Despite a normalizing margin environment, Numaligarh Refinery continued to post 
resilient operating metrics. The capacity utilization rebounded to 102% FY25 from 
84% in the turnaround year, and distillate yield held firm at 87%. Revenue rose to 
₹25,147 crore, up 6% over FY24, even though benchmark cracks softened and the 
GRM compressed to 5.14 per barrel. EBITDA margin settled at about 12%, still 
comfortably above peers, thanks to the high purity feedstock, pipeline evacuation 
and excise concessions that continue to product returns while we walk towards the 9 
million metric ton capacity expansion for the refinery. 
− OIL has built strong in-house capabilities across the full E&P value chain with in-
house seismic crews, full house logging units over a set of walkover rigs, drilling rigs, 
with in-house seismic crews enabling cost-efficient and reliable execution that is 
required in the upstream segment. Over the years, FY21 to FY25, we spent 700 crore 
in research and development. We also hold 18 patents and incubate 15 plus startups 
driving innovation. Additionally, we continue to invest heavily in key technologies 
such as enhanced oil recovery for mature fields, low-pressure compressor units to 
cut flaring, and H2 fuel cell and battery. Our GNG studies have resulted in 90 plus 
new prospective locations.  
− We have established a robust network of strategic partnerships, including joint 
exploration initiatives with leading international and national oil companies. Our 
collaboration with Total Energies focuses on stratigraphic well design for deepwater 
assets and innovative methane emission detection. Additionally, we maintain strong 
research alliances with premier academic institutions such as IIT-Kharagpur, IIT-
Lucknow, to name a few, driving innovations across OIL India's value chain.  
− OIL India's CapEx for our financial year 2025 was ₹8,467 crore. It reflects a clear 
focus towards upstream and high margin downstream investments, with growing 
allocation to new energy. Around 80% of the CapEx was allocated to upstream, while 
the remaining went into midstream and downstream. The planned CapEx profile for 
FY26 remains broadly similar, maintaining strong emphasis on exploration, 
development drilling, and strategic downstream growth. Additionally, a planned 
CapEx of ₹9,133 crore has been earmarked for Numaligarh Refinery in FY26, 
including ₹5,648 crore for refinery expansion and another ₹2,300 crore for the 
petrochemical project. Our funding strategy remains conservative, with borrowings 
limited to select international projects. All other investments are made through 
internal accruals, maintaining a strong debt-to-equity ratio of 27% on a standalone 
basis and an interest coverage of more than 12 times.  
− OIL has a robust risk management approach to mitigate salient risk. We follow a 
structured, forward-looking risk management framework that addresses operational, 
financial, strategic, and transition-related risks through diversification, technology, 
and disciplined execution. For example, to mitigate business continuity risks from 
external shocks, such as geopolitical conflict or trade disruptions, we have built 
geographic diversification into both our asset base and supply routes. On strategic 
and transition risks, we have proactively diversified beyond core upstream to 
downstream expansion and new energy, ensuring we are not overexposed to any 

15 
 
single transition path. And operationally, we are investing in evacuation 
infrastructure like DNPL and IGGL alongside robust HSE systems and technology-led 
upgrades to improve field reliability and reduce downtime. 
− OIL has a strong ESG commitment and has been driving responsible, inclusive, and 
sustainable growth via several key initiatives. We'd like to highlight that OIL's efforts 
have been recognized by several global agencies, and with an upgraded CDP Climate 
Rating of C, water security rating of B-, and S&P Global ESG score has been doubled 
from 22 in the previous year, to 44.  
− OIL is committed towards national building with a cumulative spend of around 620 
crore on CSI initiatives in the last five years across healthcare, education, skill 
development, community development, environmental sustainability, and other 
initiatives.  
− As we close, dear friends, let me leave you with a clear view of why OIL India is a 
high conviction investment opportunity.  
• We are driving accelerated future production growth, led by gas-focused 
developments and enhanced recovery initiatives.  
• Our exploration-driven upside is encoded in a strong domestic acreage base with 
nearly 90% from OALP and strategic global assets that support long-term resource 
visibility.  
• We operate a diversified, de-risked, and resilient portfolio integrated across the 
oil and gas value chain and are active in key global markets.  
• We benefit from integrated value chain synergies, which drive margin resilience, 
operational deficiencies, and control over cash flows.  
• Our model remains high-margin and capital-disciplined, underpinned by gas-
weighted production and strong refining economics. 
• Our energy transition play is focused and future-proof, with early leadership in 
green hydrogen and CCUS, alongside select, scalable renewables.  
• And lastly, all of this is backed by proven leadership, operational depth, and a 
clear strategic roadmap.  
− We have got dedicated Investors' Management team, with Chief Investor Relations 
Officer- Shri Abhijit Das and Company Secretary – Shri A. K. Sahoo. For any 
investment-related, any shareholder-related issues, we have got dedicated teams to 
take care of your requirements. Thank you. Thank you all. 
− Compere: 
− Thank you, Debojeet Hazarika, for such a detailed and insightful presentation to our 
esteemed investors and analysts.  
− Question & Answer Session: 

16 
 
− So dear ladies and gentlemen, now the floor is open for questions and answers. So 
you can kindly raise your queries after mentioning your name and name of your firm. 
Thank you.  
− Mr. Siddharth – BNK Securities: 
− Hi, sir. Ranjit sir. This is Siddharth here from BNK Securities. So my question is, in 
case the DNPL expansion takes place, but there is a delay in NRL commissioning, can 
we still increase our production by 1.5 MMSCMD?  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− We will take a couple of questions and then… So I am taking note, we will answer. 
− Mr. Siddharth – BNK Securities: 
− Sure. And...  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− But to give you a comfort, yes. I will explain how, but yes, please. 
− Mr. Siddharth – BNK Securities: 
− And the second question is, so ONGC has mentioned that 20% of their APM 
production is now new well gas. So what is the status at our end? And will this 
incremental 1.5 MMSCMD be completely classified as new well gas? I think these are 
my two questions. Thank you. 
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− Okay. First is, yes, 1.5. Now, how does that work? The IGGL phase-1 is already, as we 
speak, getting commissioned. The hook-up between DNPL pipeline and IGGL phase-1 
would happen within the premises of Numaligarh. So it's a three-month time phase. 
Then the gas can flow from Assam to mainland India. So that's yes. 
− As far as new well gas is concerned, there is a two-stage approach here. One is 
identification of the gas component. Second is allocation for the price point. 
Identification is a continuous process, it's simple. If you register a growth over 7.5% 
decline, it is identified. Second, if it is a new well gas, new well per se, then it is 
identified. Now that is easy. The allocation is under a construct where all of you 
would know that we have a priority allocation of CGD where CNG, PNG comes first. 
Then if I remember correctly, it is fertilizer, petrochemicals, then power and refinery; 
in that order, I suppose.  
− Now in northeast, the growth opportunity of CGD exists, but as we speak, it is at a 
very nascent stage. Only recently the CNG pump stations are getting inaugurated in 
Guwahati where we have a stake. One of them, probably day before yesterday, has 
been inaugurated in North Bank where we have a stake. Now unless it grows, the 
allocation cannot happen there. Therefore, our dependency on mainland CGD will 
also be there. So once we have this connectivity and when gas will flow to the 
mainland, then we will have allocations. So the allocation process is happening as we 

17 
 
speak in the Government of India level, in the Ministry level. But new well gas has 
already been identified, and that's a continuous process. 
− Mr. Siddharth – BNK Securities: 
− Thank you.  
− Participant Question: 
− Yes. NRL, Numaligarh, if you can share some thoughts on what is likely to be the 
total CapEx by the time we are up and running? Expected utilizations for next one or 
two years before it stabilizes? And excise duty benefits i.e. 50%. If you can share 
some quantitative numbers, some colours, how you are likely to get and for how 
long? Thank you.  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− Okay. So first, the CapEx would be hovering around 30,000 crore expanded capacity, 
9 million metric ton. Stabilization, you are right. We are looking at commissioning of 
refinery by December 2025. While I was speaking, I did say that the product 
evacuation pipeline will be commissioned much before, but the import pipeline, 
which is from Paradip to Numaligarh, 1,640, one of the longest crude oil pipelines, 
would also get commissioned by December 2025.  
− As far as northeast excise duty benefit is concerned, it is not only available to NRL, it 
is available to all the other entities or refineries in northeast and it will continue to 
happen. One assurance which I can give you, the GRM that has been indicated of 
$5.14 per barrel, is not counting the excise duty exemptions.  
− Participant Question: 
− Is there any sunset clause.  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− It continues. There is no sunset clause, absolutely.  
− Mr. Varadarajan – Antique Stock Broking: 
− Sir, Varadarajan from Antique. I have three questions. Firstly, you had the earlier 
goal of 4 million tons of oil production and 5 BCM of gas production. So does it still 
stand, and do we look at that number being achieved in FY28? Is that the right 
expectation?  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− The target that we have given to ourselves or a mission mode on which we are 
working, 4 million metric ton of crude oil and 5 BCM of natural gas, stays. There is no 
change. The enhanced exploration efforts and enhanced production efforts will 
continue with the additional more drilling wells, more depot/deeper wells or more 
production interventions will continue. And with the gas evacuation infrastructure in 
the line of sight, we are very hopeful that there will not be a capacity constraint to 

18 
 
produce, because we are actually sitting on one of the best basins within the seven 
category-1 basin of the country or sedimentary basin of the country. So the target 
stays, our efforts will continue.  
− Mr. Varadarajan – Antique Stock Broking: 
− In that context, the new pipeline which is supposed to have been approved and then 
you were indicating it will take 18 to 24 months to complete, that becomes critical in 
terms of achieving the 5 BCM kind of a gas production. So what is the status of the 
pipeline, and what is your expectation as to the completion, and hence our 5 BCM 
target as well?  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− I am very glad that you have asked this question. Why I am so confident about it, the 
earlier the pipeline connecting Duliajan to the NEGG feeder line, that's called 
Duliajan Feeder Line, was already approved. So it was actually going through the 
North Bank, crossing Brahmaputra river near Bogibeel bridge, that is Dibrugarh, and 
then landing at Duliajan. When we did the study, we realized that crossing 
Brahmaputra river is time dependent on the working window that is available, a). b) 
it will be one of the longest crossing. So, we found that it was not a very good idea, 
and if we do it, what we did right now, we reroute the pipeline. And I am very glad to 
share that by rerouting, we are saving ₹780 crores in terms of the crossing, and we 
are saving one year straight, even ruling out the uncertainty that goes with the 
working window.  
− So what has been done, the approval process is in a very advanced stage. The entire 
pipeline has been split into two parts. One is an extension of 8-inch line in the North 
Bank up to Dhemaji, which will actually look after the North Bank tea gardens and 
the Arunachal GA that Oil India and BPCL is having. The South Bank pipeline will 
connect to Duliajan and all other producers in the south part of the Brahmaputra 
and connecting to Numaligarh, precisely not Numaligarh, at the nearby sectional SB 
station. So this way, we do not foresee any major problem per se in terms of pipeline 
ROU allocation or construction. That's why we are more assured right now.  
− But yes, you are right, with this pipeline, the evacuation constraint will cease to exist. 
And 5 BCM is a given. 
− Mr. Varadarajan – Antique Stock Broking: 
− And in terms of dates, we are looking at that 18 to 24 months?  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− 18 months, 2027. But I must add one more thing. We are continuously supplying gas 
to Brahmaputra Cracker and Polymer where the rich gas is supplied, the C2 C3 
fraction is retained and C1 lean gas is given back. That construct is well known. Now 
considering that we need to produce more rich gas, because it gives us value in 
terms of gross calorific valuation that we get, we have identified… I mean that is the 
gas pool which you would have observed in the 2P reserve of gas. The gas pool that 
we are sitting, we have identified certain wells, to be precise 15 number of wells to 

19 
 
be drilled, where we are looking at rich gas availability. So that's the level of detailing 
on which the plan is placed.  
− Mr. Varadarajan – Antique Stock Broking: 
− My last question is on the project cost across, of course, Numaligarh Refinery, as well 
as the petrochemical plant which is just started implementation. Do we see a risk of 
escalation in the cost?  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− The refinery expansion, to share with you, we have already awarded to the extent 
of… 99%? 95% is already awarded, only 5% residual is left. So we do not foresee any 
further cost escalation that would hover around 33,000 crores. As far as the 
polypropylene unit is concerned, 360 KTPA, we have identified a cost number of 
about 7,200 crores. With the detailing or the basic design that is already done, with 
the process licensing in place, we do not foresee any major problem there.  
− Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani – Mehta Vakil & Co. 
− Sir, Ramesh Bhojwani from Mehta, Vakil &Co. First and foremost, you have made an 
all-encompassing presentation laying out the roadmap and the blueprint for a five-
year strategy i.e. going forward up to 2030. Virtually each and every aspect of your 
enterprise, both in OIL India and Refinery, has been very well encapsulated. And 
also, a target of 2 GW of solar renewable energy is something which is a genuine CSR 
and ESG initiative, rather than the other small, small ones which were shown.  
− But the thought which came to me, that 2030, OIL India itself will show a top line of 
1 lakh crore and so will Numaligarh Refinery. That must be your hidden blueprint 
target in your boardroom. I would like to have your comments on that.  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− Certain things are best left to your imagination, but I am glad that you are right 
there. That is the number we are carrying within ourselves. Last quarter we 
touched… our balance sheet became 1 lakh crore, you would have noticed. This year, 
by a whisker, our net worth missed the 50,000 crore mark. But we are seized of the 
fact that that is the number we are carrying within ourselves, not only within the 
boardroom. I can assure you every OIL India and NRL team member aspires to that 
reach. Thank you. Very nice, you have picked up the number. 
− Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani – Mehta Vakil & Co. 
− Thank you and all the best.  
− Mr. Pranita – Morgan Stanley: 
− Good evening sir. Thank you for the presentation sir, I am Pranita from Morgan 
Stanley. Sir, in the last quarter you had mentioned that 11 compressors are being 
installed to get the flaring reduced. So the benefit what you had mentioned today, is 
that all 11 compressors are installed and that is true, or is there more to come next 
year?  

20 
 
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− This year the plan was 11 basis the identified potentials where we are flaring. So 
going forward, should there be more such gas fields that we will establish? It is a 
continuous process. Because earlier, and I must share with you, earlier we were 
flaring natural gas and now that is considered as a big no. Because with the gas price 
of $6.5 ++, we do not want to miss a molecule, that is one.  
− Second, I must tell you, again on the compressor story, earlier, the associated gas 
was also getting flared. So we were actually unable to capitalize on the possibilities 
of enhanced production of crude oil. So we have started a construct called storage of 
natural gas of the associated gas. So that would require a bit of compression also. So 
that way, we are preserving the value of natural gas, and keeping the enhancement 
of production on place. So compression and gas monetization and leading to zero 
flaring will be a continuous affair.  
− Mr. Pranita – Morgan Stanley: 
− Thank you, sir. Actually, I just wanted to check on the question that was asked 
earlier. On the new well gas, do you have any percentage in mind what would be the 
gas molecules which will be getting a higher premium next year onwards? 
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− I would not be able to tell you since it is in the process of getting allocation. But the 
percentage would hover around 20 to 25%. 
− Mr. Somaiah – Avendus Spark: 
− Thanks for the opportunity, sir. Somaiah from Avendus Spark. Sir, in terms of NRL, 
excise duty benefit. So for the exports also do we get excise duty benefit, that's one. 
So I think you did mention currently it's around 0.4 million ton, that's what we are 
exporting. So do we get export benefits for that, I mean ED benefits for that? And 
second, in terms of the expanded capacity, where will we be in terms of exports 
versus what we’ll be selling in the domestic market?  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− On the export, we better claim a premium. Bhaskarji, is that correct?  
− Mr. Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan – Managing Director, NRL: 
− Exports, we don't get the excise benefit, you rightly said. But we export to say 
Bangladesh. So there is a savings on account of transportation. Also, we get a 
premium. So that offsets a large portion of the excise benefit, otherwise, we would 
have realised through the domestic sale. Because our products are flowing to far-
flung areas, because entire product cannot get consumed in and around Siliguri. So 
therefore, we have a certain element of cost on account of transportation. That gets 
reduced if we export through the pipeline that we have to Bangladesh. Second, we 
also enjoy a premium on that export. So therefore, it is largely offset. But as you 
have rightly said, our focus is always to saturate the domestic demand first, and 
what is left out is only export.  

21 
 
− So in expansion scenario also, a limited export is only kept, it is not a very large 
quantity. Maybe out of entire 9 million ton whatever production that it will give, 
roundabout 7.5 or 8 million ton product of MS and HSD, around 0.7 to 0.8 million 
product only will get exported. That is the quantum.  
− Mr. Somaiah – Avendus Spark: 
− Helpful, sir. Sir, also the expansion, this 1.7 to 5.5 million ton, the pipeline to Siliguri, 
from there could you just explain how the off-take would be? Who will be the off-
takers there? And also I think one of the earlier participants did ask about the ramp-
up on utilisation in NRL for the next couple of years. So if you could just touch upon 
that? Thanks. 
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− The current off-take… See normally NRL has got collaborations with the oil marketing 
companies because we are not into the marketing of the product. So that's already 
in place, which is working well. And as we speak, both the evacuation mode, 
whether it is rig and the pipeline which will be in effect, and once it comes to Siliguri, 
then the opportunities of moving multiple directions and road and railway takes 
place.  
− As far as the 9 million metric ton is concerned, the discussions are on with the oil 
marketing companies and we see potential collaborations. So we do not see any 
concern per se from an evacuation point of view or an off-take agreement point of 
view.  
− Mr. Somaiah – Avendus Spark: 
− One last question, sir. This medium term plan of taking gas to 5 BCM and oil, would 
you like to break it up somewhere for FY26? How do you see? And also in terms of 
levers, obviously DNPL pipeline is one that gives you an opportunity. And this flaring 
what you mentioned, the full benefits are there in last year number of 1 MMSCMD, 
or only partly it is there and the rest we will see? Any levers that will drive us there? 
Thank you.  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− I will not be able to share the exact split of it as part of the balance sheet as we 
speak now. But a) the flaring has substantially reduced and this year we will have 
much controlled flaring. Much much controlled flaring. One number that I can share 
which I spoke during the speech is 1 million standard cubic metre which was getting 
flared in Kumchai, Arunachal Pradesh, is now getting piped. That is a major chunk. 
− As far as the break-up you are looking at from 5 BCM, 5 BCM is a target which is 
actually contingent on the evacuation facilities. Now in E&P sector, it doesn’t happen 
that you would be able to untap immediately. So it is a preparation in the process. 
We have identified gas wells, we are drilling certain wells. But the difficulty is, you 
cannot drill a well and keep it shut for a longer period of time if it is a gas well. 
Therefore, we are strategically drilling that. And considering that the DNPL gets 
commissioned and gets hooked up, the H2 will give us a leverage in terms of better 

22 
 
evacuation facility. H1 of next year we will have leverage of NRL expansion and 
allocation for the mainland. Therefore, while the IGGL or the Duliajan feeder line will 
have a 18 months’ time, at least we will see a substantial increase in terms of 
evacuation in this.  
− Another outlook which I must share, I had not covered it in my speech. Recently 
Government of India has approved a fertiliser plant in Namrup which is about 12 
lakh ton per annum urea, where it is about 10,000 crore investment, and OIL India 
has got a stake of 18%. There is an existing pipeline which needs to be upgraded, 
that also is being part of that particular programme. And by virtue of the expansion 
of the fertiliser plant… not expansion, the new plant which is being built, we would 
require a gas requirement of about 2.3 million standard cubic metre per day. So that 
also will add to this. So currently when we are doing about 7 to 8 million standard 
cubic metre per day, we can ramp up to 13 million standard cubic metre per day, 
once we have all these customers and infrastructure in place. So the gas outlook for 
OIL India is in very good shape. 
− Mr. Yusuf Rangwala – Investor: 
− Good evening sir, my name is Yusuf Rangwala. I am very happy with your 
presentation and I am thanking you from my side and all the team, and also for 
calling for the Analyst Meet. And as you explained, I am very happy with our plan for 
2025. My best wish is for that. And also, any supply with Pakistan, Sri Lanka, I would 
like to know; these two countries. Any supply with these two countries?  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− No, we don't foresee anything of that sort right now.  
− Mr. Yusuf Rangwala – Investor: 
− Nothing is there?  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− No, nothing.  
− Mr. Yusuf Rangwala – Investor: 
− And my best wish is for a competitive 2025 and also a good result. Thank you sir. 
Have a good day sir. 
− Mr. Kunal – KNI Wealth: 
− Good evening, this is Kunal here from KNI Wealth. I have two questions. So in Q4, as 
was also the case in Q3, the console PAT was lower than the standalone PAT, and I 
assume that it might be because of maybe some of the overseas exploration entities. 
But what I would suggest is, in terms of the quarterly presentations, it would be 
good to have an EBITDA bridge essentially reconciling the contribution of various 
overseas subsidiaries, or for that matter, domestic subsidiaries. Because as you 
showed us in the presentation right now, there are a lot of entities which have 

23 
 
stepped down, be it subsidiaries or associates. So that would be something which 
would help.  
− And the other question is with regard to the petrochemical complex, the 7,200 odd 
crore CapEx. So, what's the kind of payback period or let's say return on capital 
which you are foreseeing, because this is something which hasn't been kind of 
delivering for some of the other companies as well, and everyone is sceptical. So if 
you can throw some light on this.  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− Okay. So part of it I'll answer and then part of it I'll request MD-NRL to answer. First 
is, point is well taken. We will reflect this in our quarterly interactions.  
− The second is about petrochemical. Now the issue is, if you have a standalone 
petrochemical complex, there is a challenge. Second the price point in terms of 
feedstock input cost and the price point in terms of outputs because of the dumping 
or the cheaper products that is available, it's a concern. But when it is integrated to a 
refinery, you have a golden opportunity, that's one.  
− Second, if it is a gas-based petrochemical complex, it is very challenging because 
otherwise globally, the gas-based petrochemical complexes are primarily driven by a 
very less cost gas or feedstock cost available elsewhere in the globe, let’s say in the 
Middle East or in USA. That’s not the case, that's not the case. When we convert gas 
through RLNG route. The precise numbers, as far as our 7,200 crore investment is 
concerned, I would like MD, NRL to answer.  
− Mr. Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan – Managing Director, NRL: 
− In terms of IRR, it was showing an IRR of almost 14.5%, because for us, for a refinery, 
it is LPG versus polypropylene. So, you can imagine the delta that we'll enjoy. So, for 
others, it is LNG versus same molecule. So, we get a very impressive number there 
actually.  
− Mr. Avinash – Investor: 
− Good afternoon, sir. My name is Avinash, and I have been a shareholder for the last 
few years. And thank you to the team, because it's been a very rewarding experience 
in the last few years. If I get it right, sir, you mentioned that you are drilling currently 
at the rate of 60 oil wells in the year. And if my memory serves me right, you had 
mentioned that the target for this year was 78, if I recall in August. So, am I correct in 
ascertaining that we are falling short of the target in terms of drilling? And if it is 
true, this drilling shortfall, is it in the development wells or the exploratory wells, sir? 
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− You are very right. I appreciate the numbers that you have given me. There are two 
things which happen. One is, when we drill wells, we drill wells with a purpose of not 
meeting the numbers of the wells that needs to be drilled, but wells which will be 
fruitful or producible for us. So, we would always carry a mix of three verticals as far 
as the drilling well is concerned. One will be rank exploration. One will be near-field 

24 
 
exploration, within the mining list. And one is the development exploration. So, we 
have to do a balancing. The year passed by, we, I think, drilled about 10 or 11 wells 
for the exploration purpose. The rest was a mix of near-field and the development 
wells.  
− Three things happened. Despite carrying the same resources, we spotted 70 number 
of wells, that's considering 11 months of operation. You must all appreciate, during 
the last July, we had a monsoon which literally had taken away 30 days of 
submergence in the area. It came on the way. That's number one. Number two, the 
testing protocols that one needs to follow once you establish sand formations, takes 
time. If you just look at the numbers of drilling, it is easy to meet 78. That's what you 
plan for. But then when we had to encounter and establish effort to establish 
hydrocarbon, the drilling wreaks takes longer time. The third and most important, 
despite all this, the meterage per se, if you would appreciate, the meterage per se, 
we have actually surpassed of last year's meterage. But I will not stop my answer 
with that. I'll give you some more positives.  
− Two things happened. Though we have not declared it as a discovery, because to 
declare something as a discovery, there is a process; you have to follow that protocol 
and all that. But basis are efforts towards exploration, we have established for the 
first time, presence of hydrocarbon in the North Bank of Brahmaputra, which was 
not the case before. By virtue of that, we are now carrying out supplementary 
seismic and identifying two more additional locations. So, these are those additional 
benefits which happen despite a drop in the number.  
− But just to give you an actual break up, we spotted 70 number of locations. We 
drilled and completed well testing 59. We completed drilling of wells 62, which is 
more than 61 of last year. And 10 wells were actually at various stages of drilling. 
And just to top it all, had we got those 30 days, I think we were on track for 78. And 
had we drilled 78, with full confidence I can share with you, our number should have 
been much better. So, I'm glad that you are reminding us, and we will continue to be 
vigil. 
− Mr. Avinash – Investor: 
− Thank you, sir. A couple of other questions too, sir. The other thing I notice is that 
the borrowings have increased at probably among the highest rates that we've seen 
in the last recent years. So, also as a ratio of...  
− CD: 
− I'm sorry, I could not get that.  
− Mr. Avinash – Investor: 
− If I'm correct, the borrowings for the company have increased at a rate that we 
haven't seen in the last, I think, 6-7 years. Also, the ratio of EBITDA that your 
presentation mentioned, it’s up 10%. So, I mean, if you could just elaborate why that 
is happening. And if we see this trajectory actually, is it either picking up or… also 
how it's going to be in the next two years in terms of borrowings?  

25 
 
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− A small clarification. In fact, I would also like to seek from you, and then… If you see 
our debt-to-equity ratio, it's hovering around 0.25, 0.26, slightly increase. And that's 
standalone. At NRL case, when we take consolidated, it is 0.5 because of the CapEx 
that we are incurring for the capital expenses we are incurring for the expansion 
plan. So, therefore, we do not foresee any major borrowings as far as standalone is 
concerned.  
− Let me tell you where that 0.25 comes from. We have got two major borrowings in 
terms of overseas assets, which is dollar denominated. One is the Mozambique one, 
which is about $1.8 billion investment and about 1 billion for the two assets in 
Russia. So, while you must have taken note, one asset, Taas-Yuryakh, has already 
given us back 100 plus dividend in terms of the entire investment. The Vankor, we 
have got about 88%. And since these are all dollar-denominated borrowings, the 
approvals that we have got from Cabinet while we undertook these investment, is 
that the internal accrual cannot be used for serving those borrowings. So, let's say 
the money that we are accruing in Russian assets, will actually be used for the 
purpose of Mozambique. So, that's the limited borrowing level we have as far as 
standalone. Otherwise, all our exploration efforts are through internal accruals.  
− Mr. Avinash – Investor: 
− Got it, sir. Thank you. And just one last question, sir. If you could just let us know 
what is the current cost structure, all in cost for the production of oil, crude oil as 
well as for natural gas. And if you could include the levies and duties in the cost.  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− I think, I think in one of the slides, if I remember correctly, it's about $2 per MMBTU; 
it's for natural gas. And if I remember correctly, it is $49 per barrel for crude oil. And 
net realization is about $78 per barrel.  
− Mr. Avinash – Investor: 
− That's right. Thank you. Thank you very much, sir. 
− Participant Question: 
− Good afternoon, sir. This was regarding your 2030 vision presentation. In that, it is 
mentioned that in 2040, you'll be having 5 gigawatt plus of renewable energy. Will it 
be just be domestic, or will be international also, like West Asia or Africa? Thank you.  
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− To be very honest, we have not worked on that, whether we will have overseas 
renewable assets going forward. Currently, as we speak, we have got a subsidiary, 
only one subsidiary already. Approval is already all in place. The strategy for that OIL 
India Green Energy Limited is under work in progress. Right now, our focus will be 
domestic renewables. And going forward, we will see. But I do not have an upfront 
answer. We are not thought about it, to be very honest. 

26 
 
− Participant Question: 
− And any funds you'll be allocating to this particular… any benchmark or ballpark 
figure? 
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− See, we will continue to focus on our core in terms of E&P. And the fund allocation, 
we don't foresee any major issue. So, once the strategy roadmap, which is being 
worked out is given, certain fund allocation is already done in terms of our 
renewable energy portfolio. Let's say, the 25 megawatt, which is already kickstarted 
in Assam as part of 640. The work is just on the drawing board for the 1,000 
megawatt in Rajasthan. The CBG plant, we have allocated a cost number of about 
3,000 crore. And I must share with you, two locations we have already awarded the 
EPC and O&M contract. One in Bhubaneswar, one in Tinsukia. And three locations, 
the tender is already floated. That's 3,000 crore overall. Along with NRL, we have this 
Assam bioethanol. That's one. Once it is getting commissioned, we would also 
evaluate future expansions. So, we don't see any problem per se on that.  
− Participant Question: 
− Thank you, sir. 
− Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, OIL India Ltd: 
− I think any more… if there are no more questions, can we call it a day? Or, any other 
feedback, always welcome. Okay. Thank you very much.  
− Compere: 
− Now I request our ED(F&A) to kindly come and give a board of thanks to the 
audience. 
− Management: 
− Good evening, everyone. On behalf of OIL India Limited, I would like to extend our 
heartfelt thanks and greetings to our CMD sir and other members of the Board of OIL 
India Limited, and the MD and DF of NRL for being present on this occasion and 
providing their valuable insight and thoughts about our company. I would also like to 
extend my thanks to all the analysts, investors, experts for being present here and 
raising their valuable points, and helping us make this event a grand success. We also 
solicit similar support, cooperation from the investors and the analysts’ fraternity in 
the days to come. I must also take on record our sincere appreciation to Emkay 
Global Financial Services Limited for nicely volunteering this event for the company. I 
also extend my thanks to the organizing team for beautifully organizing this event in 
most dignified manner. Now I request everyone to join us for high tea. Thank you.  
− END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
