 CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Corporate One, First Floor, 5, Commercial Centre, Jasola, New Delhi  - 110 025 • Tel.: 91-11-46581300, 41697900 • Fax: 91-11-40638679 
Email : corporate@chambal.in • www.chambalfertilisers.com • CIN: L24124RJ1985PLC003293 
Regd. Office : Gadepan, District Kota, Rajasthan -325 208 
Tel No.: 91-744-2782915 ; Fax No : 91-7455-274130 
Ref. No.: CFCL/SE/2025-26/13 
May 16, 2025 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
25th Floor, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
   Dear Sir, 
In continuation to our letter dated May 2, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are 
enclosing herewith the transcript of Analysts/Investors conference call held on May 9, 2025, on the financial 
results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025. The said transcript is also available on 
the Company’s website at - https://investor.chambalfertilisers.com/EarningCallTranscripts.aspx 
You are requested to notify your constituents accordingly. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited 
(Tridib Barat) 
Vice President - Legal & Company Secretary 
 Encl.: a/a 
TRIDIB 
KUMAR 
BARAT
Digitally signed 
by TRIDIB 
KUMAR BARAT 
Date: 2025.05.16 
15:49:38 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited 
Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 09, 2025 
 
 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day everyone. Thank you for joining us on the Chambal Fertilisers and 
Chemicals Limited Q4 & FY '25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us today, Mr. Abhay Baijal, Managing Director, Mr. Anuj Jain, CFO, 
Mr. Tridib Barat, Vice President - Legal and Company Secretary, Mr. Ashish 
Srivastava, Vice President - Sales & Marketing. 
Before we get started, I would like to point out that some statements made or 
discussed in the conference call today may be forward-looking in nature and must 
be viewed in conjunction with the risks the Company faces. Chambal Fertilisers and 
Chemicals Limited does not undertake to update them. The statement in this regard 
is available for reference in the presentation. 
We will begin this call with opening remarks from Mr. Baijal. I would now like to invite 
Mr. Baijal to share his views. Over to you, sir. 
Abhay Baijal: 
Thank you very much. Good day to everybody, and a warm welcome to all of you 
participating in this call.  
To quickly recap our numbers for the quarter under review: 
On a standalone basis, revenues amounted to Rs. 2,449 crore. The Company 
achieved profit after tax of Rs. 100 crore as against Rs. 86 crore, which is a growth 
of about 16%. 
For the full year, the Company achieved EBITDA of Rs. 2,838 crore, against             
Rs. 2,428 crore, which is a growth of about 17%. And PAT of Rs. 1,657 crore, as 
against Rs. 1,331 crore, translating into growth of 24%. 
Two of our plants underwent shutdown, Gadepan - III for about 36 days, and there 
was a mini shutdown of 14 days in Gadepan - I due to a problem in one of the boilers. 
Despite this, the Company has performed well. We have achieved higher production 
as compared to the corresponding quarter.  
For the full year also, urea production volume continued to be strong at 34.61 lakh 
metric tons compared to 33.83 lakh metric tons last year. Urea sales for the year 
amounted to 34.71 lakh metric tons against 32.56 lakh metric tons in the previous 
year. We have run both Gadepan - I & II plants efficiently. The advantages accruing 
out of the energy savings schemes continue to flow in. We continuously monitor the 
efficiency and plan to implement further energy efficiency projects to reduce it further.  

 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Subsidy receipts continued to be timely. As of March 31, 2025, subsidy outstanding 
was Rs. 265 crore. And we are glad to inform you that a large portion of this amount 
has been received on time.  
We continue to see volume and sales growth in our CPC-SN business. In Q4 FY '25, 
CPC-SN revenues stood at Rs. 39 crore as against Rs. 15 crore last year, 
contribution at Rs. 15 crore was higher by about Rs. 7 crore. This took our total 
contribution for the business to Rs. 247 crore against Rs. 175 crore, and our revenue 
to Rs. 926 crore against Rs. 760 crore. We have achieved a compounded CAGR of 
25% in CPC-SN business and we hope to carry this momentum forward as well.  
During the year, we introduced 12 new CPC products primarily comprising of 
weedicides. Today, our CPC product portfolio comprises of 64 products of distinct 
chemistries covering fungicides, weedicides and insecticides, which have been well 
accepted by farmers across India in our territory. We are also working on 18 new 
products which shall be introduced in kharif and rabi. Our strategy continues to focus 
on creating partnerships and alliances for introducing better chemistries and 
increasing the width of offerings in our channel. 
During FY '25, we also achieved 8% revenue from biologicals of the total CPC-SN 
revenue. We continue to strengthen our biological portfolio, our biological fungicide 
and nematicide will be introduced in kharif '25 and rabi '25, respectively, to address 
farmers' pain point for nematodes and disease control, for which internal field tests 
have been successful. CFCL is now focusing increasingly on technologies which 
bring benefits in terms of improving farm yields, improve soil health and provide 
better product outcomes.  
As you know, friends, during the year, Chambal Fertilisers and TERI, the Energy and 
Resources Institute, entered into an agreement for research for advanced and 
sustainable agricultural solutions. This is significant in the backdrop of food security 
challenges due to an increasing population.  
We are delighted by the successful launch of UTTAM PRANAAM, Bio-nano 
Phosphorus liquid fertilisers, an advanced solution designed to enhance phosphorus 
availability in crops. TERI, as you know, is a pioneer institution in the area and we 
will be doing research under the center of excellence to develop new products, 
whereas IP rights are jointly owned between CFCL and TERI, and Chambal will have 
exclusive commercial rights globally on the products which are developed over a 
period of next five years. We will be introducing hybrid and research variety seeds in 
kharif '25 which will substantially complete the agri-input products profile.  
In the non-urea space, our product portfolio approach continues. We have sourced 
adequate volumes of NPK fertilisers, ensuring preparedness for kharif season. We 
are in active discussions with global suppliers to ensure the smooth supply of the 
P&K fertilisers across the year.  
Our farmer connect Seed-to-Harvest program is now growing. The Seed-to-Harvest 
program is playing a significant role towards strengthening and expanding our 
relationships with both the farmer and our channel partners. During the year, 
Chambal conducted over 9,000 meetings, 11,825 demos, and collected 105 lakh soil 
samples. The program is being scaled up with digital intervention in newer locations 
of kharif '25.  
Our technical ammonium nitrate plant is progressing in line with the timelines. 
Statutory approvals are in place. And till date we have spent about Rs. 650 crore. 
Our joint venture IMACID is also performing well with higher production and better 

 
Page 3 of 11 
 
margins. IMACID is increasing its phosphoric acid capacity from about 5 lakh metric 
ton to 7 lakh metric tons, and this should be available in time frame of 2027.  
With that we are now happy to take your questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani from Nippon Life India Asset 
Management Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Just want to understand on the DAP import. Last year, because of the lower subsidy, 
import was not viable. Based on the current subsidy, how is the scenario in DAP 
import? And in past we used to do close around 8 to 10 kind of DAP trading, what 
kind of possibility for us to go back to that level in one to two years because of the 
better subsidy rate? 
Abhay Baijal: 
Yes. If I get you right, Jignesh, I think what you are asking is what our stance on DAP 
imports is likely to be for Kharif and Rabi.  
Jignesh Kamani: 
Yes. 
Abhay Baijal: 
So I would say that, the Government has made suitable adjustments and have gone 
to a kind of cost plus model. We are also participating. Almost 1,30,000 tons has 
been contracted till date, which includes volumes of TSP as well. And for going 
forward, I think should this policy continue, we have no hesitation in increasing 
volumes in this area. Subject of course to various geopolitical uncertainties, the fact 
is we are in a little uncertain situation today. But nevertheless, we feel that we will be 
able to surpass our volumes of last year. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. And it will impact the NPK volume because the industry has witnessed 
very healthy growth in the NPK, partly because of the lower availability of DAP? Now 
if DAP availability improves, will it impact the NPK? 
Abhay Baijal: 
Not really. There are grades which are very specific to certain crops, where they 
don’t make much difference, especially high potash grades. There are other grades 
which are direct substitutes from DAP, yes, to that point there will be a difference. 
There are grades which are Sulphur based which are a category of their own, they 
are priced competitively as compared to DAP, and they will themselves sell. You 
know what I am meaning, 20-20-013 grade that I am trying to mention here. So, there 
are various grades in this whole game, and one has to play between the gaps i.e. 
supply gaps and availability gaps, in order to make money here. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. And last one on urea, how is the channel inventory, considering that 
because of the plants shutdown you can say volume has been down by close to 
around 5% on the lower level, so have we reduced the channel inventory and how is 
the scenario? 
Abhay Baijal: 
No, I think we carry more or less the same inventory as last year. What it really 
means is that we could have done better at Gadepan plant I if shutdown of ~15 days, 
which was inadvertent, could not have happened. But that is part and parcel of the 
game of running these high-tech plants, sometimes things do happen. However, we 
are back on stream on full blast from April 1st, so that's what I would like to respond 
on the urea question. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Sure. Thanks a lot. And all the best.  

 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vedant Sarda from Nirmal Bang 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vedant Sarda: 
My question is, like we are operating at 99% of urea capacity, so what would be our 
growth drivers for next two to three years? Any capacity expansion plans in urea 
segment and when would the technical ammonium nitrate project be in operations? 
Abhay Baijal: 
See, there is always a chance to improve capacities through various projects which 
we continuously keep examining. There is a pipeline of such energy efficient projects 
which also have knock-on benefits in terms of volume increases, because 
sometimes these projects technically also give margins on machines. And as you 
know, from previous year to this year, we have actually increased almost 0.80 lakh 
tons per annum which is 34.6 lakh tons kind of average. It can increase further, that 
is one part.  
 
As far as technical ammonium nitrate is concerned, as you know, our commercial 
operation or production date is somewhere in January '26. So that should kick in, in 
terms of revenues by the 3rd or 4th Quarter of this year. As far as other products and 
projects are concerned, I think I made a mention last time that we are looking at 
various other options which I am not at liberty to disclose. And those are making 
steady progress as we speak. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harmish Desai with Phillip Capital (India) Pvt. 
Ltd. Please go ahead.  
Harmish Desai: 
Good morning. And thanks for taking my question. In FY '25, what is the total CAPEX 
apart from TAN? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I think it is of the order of about Rs. 300-odd crore. 
Harmish Desai: 
Okay. And what is the total CAPEX that we can expect in FY '26? 
Abhay Baijal: 
That is what I was telling you. See, the total CAPEX in '25-'26 will be of the order of 
Rs. 1,200 crore. 
Harmish Desai: 
Got it. And sir, so we are commissioning our TAN plant in January 2026, so in FY 
'27 how fast and to what capacity are we able to ramp up this new TAN plant? 
Abhay Baijal: 
We all hope for the best. We would expect it to go to at least 80%, 90%. But as far 
as our financial planning is concerned, we are more conservative. 
Harmish Desai: 
Got it. Can you help me with the urea volume numbers in Gadepan - I, II and III for 
Q4? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes, for Gadepan - I, we have 2.4 lakh tonne, for Gadepan - II, we have 2.57 lakh 
tonne, and for Gadepan - III, 2.11 lakh tonne. 
Harmish Desai: 
Got it. That is helpful, sir. And what was the gas price for 4th Quarter? 
Anuj Jain: 
Gas price for 4th Quarter is around $15.55 dollars/mmbtu on NCV basis. 
Harmish Desai: 
Got that. And lastly, how much ammonia have we sold in 4th Quarter or in FY '25 as 
a whole? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I think we sold over 1.03 lakh tonne. 

 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Harmish Desai: 
This is FY '25, right? 
Abhay Baijal: 
FY '25, that's right. 
Harmish Desai: 
Yes, got it. Got it. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
S. Ramesh: 
Good morning. If you look at your performance in crop protection, what is the driver 
for the improved margins? And you have given the gross margin, so what will be the 
EBITDA margin in percentage terms? And what will drive this 23% in revenue 
between FY '25 and FY '27, will it be predominantly the new products, how do you 
see that? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I think we have over the years established an efficient sales mechanism which 
continues to give us, so far, the margin. Our alliances also help with that. Our direct 
discussions with various companies who are providing us either the technical or the 
know-how, then we are getting it made from various formulators and all that. So that 
is one part, as far as the margin is concerned.  
 
The second part on margin is the freshness of the products, how many new products 
that we introduce, whether it is in weedicides, herbicides, fungicides and so on. So 
there is a strategy working out there in terms of how we place and procure these 
materials. So far, in the last three years there are any indication, these have been 
steady and we are proposing to also repeat this performance in FY '26. So, this 
continues to work for us. And I think the last time when we had this discussion, we 
had made the point that being the bridge between the farmers' pain point and a 
solution which we actively pursue and do lot of research on, I think is the secret 
sauce that you are looking for. 
S. Ramesh: 
Correct. So if you look at the 4th Quarter in terms of this crop protection revenue 
growth, how much of that will be volume growth versus other companies are talking 
about some pricing pressure. So, in your case, how much is driven by volume 
growth? 
Abhay Baijal: 
It is mostly driven by volume growth. And there are some fast catch-ups also in this. 
Mr. Ashish can answer this question more fully. 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Yes. Usually, the question is right, whatever crops consume crop protection 
chemicals in Q4, basically sugarcane, so this is basically volume growth, and not 
much of price issues in that. 
S. Ramesh: 
Sir, if you look at your fertiliser trading portfolio, you have seen healthy growth in 
NPK and DAP. So, do you expect to continue this trend? What are the kind of growth 
you would expect in the trading portfolio in DAP and NPK next year? 
Abhay Baijal: 
See, we did about 5.5 lakh tons, plus or minus, in the whole year FY '25, primarily 
split between MOP, DAP, TSP and NPKs. My guesswork is that this year we will 
have much larger portfolio of NPK, possibly doubling it or growing 250% on that. 
MOP could be the same or slightly subdued. And DAP will grow as I mentioned to 
the first participant, that given the Government's policy, we have no hesitation in 
stepping in and doing our part. Plus the fact that our channel would expect that kind 
of support from that. So, I would hazard a guess, but I think we are well covered in 
terms of kharif. And almost this amount that we did last year, we would do in kharif 
itself. 

 
Page 6 of 11 
 
S. Ramesh: 
Just going back to crop protection, what is the on ground preplacement demand for 
kharif, given the summer crop acreage has shown healthy growth, how do you see 
that? 
Ashish Srivastava: 
So, whatever forecast you are looking at, whether it's IMD or SkyMet, we are 
expecting a normal monsoon again. And whatever inventory pressures were there 
in the competition of past years, those have also gone out. So, we expect a robust 
growth in CPC segment overall. 
S. Ramesh: 
Thank you very much and I shall join the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge 
Capital Management Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Good morning and congratulations on an extremely strong performance, especially 
in the crop protection business. I have a couple of questions pertaining to crop 
protection. One, sir you spoke about 64 products being active in the portfolio today. 
These are 64 Stock Keeping Units (SKUs) or these are 64 unique products?  
 
And second, I mean, just to get a better handle, I mean, if you could give us a sense 
on competitive intensity in your portfolio? I mean, are there alternates available for a 
large part of your portfolio, not available? Just wanted to get a sense on how unique 
the portfolio is. That's one.  
 
Second, further to the earlier participant, how confident are you to be able to maintain 
the financial metrics of the trading business apart from growth, I mean, everything 
else going forward in FY '26? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I will take the second question first. As far as the financial metrics for trading are 
concerned, we are pretty confident that having procured strategically and tactically 
in the first quarter, we are sitting at competitive price levels, I would say, which 
creates the necessary margin for us, that is number one. And going forward, of 
course, the market is shifting, it has tightened in terms of prices. But as we said that 
we are more or less stocked for kharif. Going forward we would like to see how this 
plays out in the international market. There are geopolitical issues, but there could 
be entrants such as China into the market once again, that could soften up the 
general levels because there is the displacement of stock from one place in the globe 
to the other place of the globe, also has knock on effect.  
 
Now, as far as the first part of your question is concerned, the 64 SKUs are actually 
products. There are 64 products split between weedicides, fungicides and 
herbicides, etc. These exactly are the result of our cultivating various alliances and 
relationships whereby, we are getting superior products than what the market 
normally gets in this kind of a business. We have those alliances whereby people 
are giving us Generation-1 or Generation-1.5x so we get a competitive advantage. 
And the sourcing strategy is very important part in this business. So, we do work 
over a period of at least eight, nine months prior to the business plan to understand 
what we will need, how do we source it, what alliances do we need. And we create 
those kind of contacts with people and get that material in time. So, this has been 
going on now for the last 3, 4 years. I am pretty confident this is a workable 
proposition in this business. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
How unique is the portfolio like for instance, some of these products like NO GRASS 
and MANCONIL seem to be fairly generic and not so unique right, but if I look at 
something like a HIROI or THEO or a WheMo, so just wanted to get your sense on 
how unique are these? I mean are there alternatives available because then we 
probably get a better handle on what is actually driving the metrics of this business? 

 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Ashish Srivastava: 
See, 70% of Indian Crop Protection Chemical business is through generics, so only 
30% are patented or niche products. When you talked about the product 
uniqueness,as Mr. Baijal mentioned that because of our relationship, now we are 
getting some of the products in the year of launch. So we don't have to wait for 2 or 
3 years for the product to be launched and then you are getting it. So that's the 
uniqueness. So we get some products in the year of launch. Secondly, depending 
on the crop stage and farmer spending behavior, you always have to keep a portfolio. 
Just to put one small example, say for stem borer and leaf folder segment, I sell 
Cartap Hydrochloride and I sell Fipronil. So, they are in different price bands for 
different crop stage. So that is there with almost all companies. We also do similar 
working. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Got it. Mr. Baijal, just last question. I mean, from a capital allocation, you have laid 
out about Rs. 1,300 crore of outlay and there are capital projects under 
consideration. But purely from a size standpoint, what could be the ticket size of the 
projects that are under evaluation currently? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I would not hazard a guess, but they are not small projects. That's all I can say. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Sure, sir. Thank you and all the best and congratulations on a very strong FY'25. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of CA Ashok Jain, who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
CA Ashok Jain: 
Yes, good morning, Mr. Baijal and the team. So, my questions are basically from if 
you refer page #18, that is consolidated segment wise revenue. So if I see there, I 
find that the complex fertiliser on the quarter 4, the revenue is Rs. 166 crore and 
profit is only Rs. 9 crore. And last quarter also the profit was very low in this segment. 
And there is one item which is segment asset, which is complex fertiliser. It has gone 
from 31st December 2024 from Rs. 825 crore to Rs. 1,601 crore. So my question is 
that in this segment, we are not making profit and instead we are adding the asset. 
So we must be incurring obviously opportunity financial costs. So this is what my 
question is, how to tackle this? One is this. And second, I want to know that if I see 
quarter 4, our revenue from our own manufactured fertiliser is Rs. 2,243 crore and 
profit is only Rs. 79 crore, which is 3.4% as against the last quarter where it is 17%. 
So can you just clarify these two issues how to handle it? Especially complex fertiliser 
is becoming complex for me. 
Abhay Baijal: 
Okay, Mr. Jain, let me just make it clear. We had actually built up the stock. We have 
purchased tactically I think I've made this mention. So when you purchase tactically 
and you will report the segment asset, naturally the value of stock will get in. This is 
not a manufactured item, there is no plant and machinery in this. So from last year 
to this year, there has been an increase in stock. So that is, and that will flow in terms 
of benefits when we make the sales in the Kharif season. So that is one part. As far 
as Rs. 9 crore profit that you mentioned for complex fertiliser, that is dependent on 
the sales that must have been done. In this last quarter, we would have hardly sold 
less than half a lakh tonnes or something like that. So that kind of number is possible 
in small sales that are there. Now let's come to the sales of own manufactured 
fertilisers and the reduction in margin. This follows from the policy principle beyond 
reassessed capacity. When you actually produce beyond reassessed capacity in the 
policy, the profit metrics are quite different. And they also depend upon the debit of 
various types of expenses such as repair, maintenance which are more heavy in this 
particular quarter because as I told you, Gadepan - III plant had a shutdown as there 
was an annual turnaround. So there is a debit of large amount of repair maintenance 
that is one thing. And secondly, there was also a 14-day shutdown of Gadepan - I 
and this startup expense and shutdown expense also gets debited, so these are the 
reasons. 

 
Page 8 of 11 
 
CA Ashok Jain: 
Can we make it more rational something like that? Is it possible in future going 
forward because it is quite low from 17% to 3.4% seems very low. 
Abhay Baijal: 
This is the nature of accounting in the last quarter. That is, if you recognize the cost 
and revenue as it is for the period, that is the way it's done in the past.  
CA Ashok Jain: 
Okay. So one last question. The CAPEX plan, you are saying that 25-26, it will be 
around Rs. 1200 crore. So my question is this, how are we going to source it from 
the internal accruals? 
Abhay Baijal: 
Yes, we will do it from internal accruals. 
CA Ashok Jain: 
Thank you sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deekshant from DB Wealth. Please 
go ahead. 
Deekshant: 
Hello sir, congratulations on a strong set for this financial year. So you have alluded 
how China can become a risk factor for us in the short to medium term. Could you 
give us a little bit of more color and explain us how this risk can be seen? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I am just saying that China, from being a very steady supplier of P&K fertilisers and 
even urea to some extent has now become an off and on kind of party for the last 3 
years. For whatever reasons, they are internal, they may be diverting some part of 
their phosphoric acid capacity into battery manufacturers for electric vehicles. They 
could be doing it for geopolitical reasons, whatever it is. But the fact is the global 
supply from China is now fluctuating to some extent as against being a steady player 
in the last 3 to 4 years. So that means that for certain types of P&K products, we 
have to shift in terms of sourcing to other geographies, which is let us say Morocco, 
Saudi Arabia, Jordan, or Russia, or even US for instance. So the dynamics keep 
changing, but I am confident that overall the supply situation in the world is steady, 
although because of the geographical intensity of where the rock or the raw material 
is found, there are kind of monopolies that get created. So that creates problems in 
terms of how the trade plays out as compared to for instance, urea or ammonia which 
is much, much more kind of open and many suppliers being there so it evens out the 
competitive situation and you get better negotiation capabilities. So that is what it is. 
That is what I meant in terms of how this will play out. Nevertheless, I think the 
Government and the trade and industry in India have been working assiduously to 
create backward linkages or to create long-term MoUs with various other countries. 
So overall the supply in the world is more or less the same. From somewhere or the 
other you will get the material. 
Deekshant: 
It is pretty reassurance to know that we have more sources to get this, but does this 
come at an operating margin cost to us or even part level cost to us because I am 
assuming that China would be more competitive than others and since we are on a 
trajectory of improving margins right now, what kind of margin guidance can you give 
us or just any ballpark number of improving margins that we see? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I won't hazard a guess on margins. Margins are dependent on how you have 
strategically bought it. It is a kind of position taking sometimes in this business. And 
if you have taken a correct position for a particular margin, it will be looking very 
healthy. Next year, you could have made the mistake of having bought early in a 
falling market or having bought late in a rising market. So those things are your 
judgmental call 60% to 70%, and how good your judgment is makes the difference. 
Obviously, Chambal has a very strong balance sheet. Its carrying cost is low. It can 
take positions if it wants. But that is also dependent on a less turbulent policy regime. 
If you know that in the P&K sector, in the past there has been a lot of turbulence in 

 
Page 9 of 11 
 
the policy and discontinuities which have prevented people or companies like us, 
instance in Chambal, not to take long bets in the market. So that's the reason why 
you have seen volumes having shrunk to some extent. But as the policy now starts 
to open and get rationalized, the volumes will spring back. 
Deekshant: 
That is pretty much clear sir. So out of the Rs. 1600 crore of CAPEX that we are 
doing, what kind of revenues can we see this adding up on our topline in FY'26? 
Even let's say full calendar year because we are starting from January. So how could 
the 4 quarters be if Rs. 1,600 crore of CAPEX has been done? 
Abhay Baijal: 
So first of all, our Financial Year starts from April, not January. What I talked about 
was from April to March 26, which is about Rs. 1,250 odd crore. Most of it is getting 
into the TAN project, almost Rs. 900 crore if I am not wrong. And Rs. 300 odd crore 
is routine capital expenditure, which is for replacement and for renewal and reliability. 
So those types of projects also have some knock-on benefits here and there in terms 
of either small margin expansions or an increase in capacity. Because reliability 
increases, you are able to run the number of days increases. So those kinds of things 
also happen. But from the point of view of certain changes, these plants are highly 
complex and require equipment changes over a period of 15-20 years. So that is 
factored into this type of capital expenditure that we are doing. The benefits that will 
flow, as I said, are first of all in the TAN project. Obviously once the project gets 
commissioned, we will try and achieve capacity utilization and EBITDA, etc. will flow 
from that, that is first of all. Secondly, in terms of those replacement capital 
expenditures or where small margin improvements or I think liability will improve the 
capacity or something to that effect. Those are the things that you can expect in '25, 
'26 and '26, '27. 
Deekshant: 
Just trying to get a number on what kind of revenues and EBITDAs can we see once 
this TAN project is getting commissioned and is being utilized to be appropriate 
utilization? 
Abhay Baijal: 
You see, TAN project is given as 2,40,000 tons of capacity. And you can do the math 
that currently I think the product sells at between Rs. 35,000 to Rs. 40,000 a ton 
given various types of scenarios that you can paste. So you can do the multiple of 
that, that is on full capacity, what is the number and what is at 70%, 80%, you can 
take a guess being the first year of operations. 
Deekshant: 
What could be our operating margins on this? Any ballpark number? 
Abhay Baijal: 
That you can benchmark with the industry. 
Deekshant: 
Sure. Thank you so much, sir. This is very reassuring to know. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sophiya Masta from Elara Capital 
(India) Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Sophiya Masta: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. I just wanted to know where does our net 
debt stand as of 31st March net debt of cash? 
Abhay Baijal: 
If I am not wrong, net debt is negative. 
Sophiya Masta: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Mukherjee from SKP 
Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Sandeep Mukherjee: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. What is the ammonia sales number in the total 
sales? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I think I have mentioned 1.03 lakh metric tons and average, I would say we would 
have sold between Rs. 40,000 to Rs. 45,000 a ton. 
Sandeep Mukherjee: 
Okay sir, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chandra Gupta who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Chandra Gupta: 
Thanks for this opportunity. So I just have one question. Recently there was a news 
report about India, the Government giving rights for potash mining in Rajasthan. So 
would we be interested in these kind of projects, your thoughts on this? 
Abhay Baijal: 
Mr. Chandra Gupta, first of all, well, if the mine is adequately priced, the seam is rich, 
I would say, what my understanding is, there are small pockets of potash and it may 
require beneficiation to get it to the right quantity because when you sell potash in 
the market as straight potash, it has to be almost 60% KCI (potassium chloride). And 
my understanding is that this is not of that grade. How low it is or how high it is, we 
will have to check. My initial inquiries showed me that it is a lower grade material 
which will require quite a bit of beneficiation. And one has to also examine the 
economics, whether we import or other suppliers. Traditionally, you have got potash 
in the region of $220 to $350 per ton. One has to do the math to understand from a 
mining point of view what will be the cost of making this potash available from these 
sort of low-grade seams or quality or whatever the quality of the mine is.  
Chandra Gupta: 
Okay, so we haven't shown any interest in this. I understand. Thanks a lot. That is it 
from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Mahawar from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Yes, sir. In terms of, I believe Government is thinking to, I think, increase the fixed 
cost reimbursement to the urea players, right? I just wanted to know your thoughts 
and how are the discussions? 
Abhay Baijal: 
This is a work in progress, I can't say what's going to happen. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Okay, but historically, when this fixed cost has been increased for the urea industry? 
Abhay Baijal: 
The last time this exercise was done, whether increase or decrease, I don't know, 
was done in 2002 and 2003. And there was, in 2014, roughly Rs. 350 per ton kind of 
ad hoc increase given to all units in the industry. So I don’t know where they are on 
this matter, but there are discussions happening and there are lot of differing points 
of view on this issue. That's the work in progress. As and when we come to know, 
we will keep you informed. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Yes, sure, and secondly, sir, in terms of your crop protection business, what we did 
was Rs. 900 crore for topline. Is it possible to share the number geography-wise, 
maybe North, South, East, West, to understand how our penetration or distribution 
is strong? 
Abhay Baijal: 
We are selling in all parts of the country. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Okay. But any bifurcation in terms of which part is stronger or is still? 

 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Abhay Baijal: 
You see, wherever we have our presence by way of a fertiliser sale or wherever our 
locations are and you know that we have got almost 28, 29 locations. We are in UP, 
we are in Rajasthan, we are in Punjab, we are in Gujarat, we are in Maharashtra, we 
are in Bihar, we are in West Bengal, we are in Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, 
Chhattisgarh, everywhere little or more, this is a product which is a priority for us and 
it's doing well as you see. And then various areas, various crops, various types of 
molecules, they also have to be product market fit. So it's a little involved subject to 
just tell you on this. 
Manish Mahawar: 
And secondly, on the crop protection business, any intent to go ahead with the export 
as a market? As I know, right, export needs plant or manufacturing to go ahead with. 
So any intent in the future? 
Abhay Baijal: 
See, I will tell you what. This is a perennial question which people keep asking me, 
whether export production or formulation by ourselves. We have looked at various 
opportunities in the past. I would not say that we have not. But most of the time, 
when you do the math in terms of acquisition cost versus the return that you will 
expect, the returns come out to be lower than what we would be doing in this mode 
itself. So there is a big dichotomy or dissonance in a mind as to how to do this. That 
does not mean that we do not look at opportunities. Sometimes you might find a very 
reasonable asset and an offer could be made and accepted. So I am never ruling 
out that possibility. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Okay, understood. And last one, in terms of your JV partner, basically the profitability 
has significantly improved this year. Is it possible to share the production number of 
your JV or maybe this profitability improved on account of spread, better spread? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I think they did about 4,90,000 tons close to that. And I would suggest Mr. Jain to 
give you a brief ballpark number on that. 
Anuj Jain: 
They did about 5.25 lakhs tons of production and about 4.35 lakh ton of sale. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Okay, is it possible to share the last year number please? 
Anuj Jain: 
Last year, it was about 4.35 lakh tons of production and about 3.8 lakh tons of sales. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Okay, understood. That's from my side and all the best. 
Abhay Baijal: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen. As there are no further questions from the 
participants, I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Abhay Baijal: 
So, thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in this call. We 
hope that we have been able to satisfy your queries. In case there is any further 
requirement of any further information, you can reach out to us. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Please note:  
We have edited the language, and/or made minor corrections, without changing the content, 
wherever appropriate, to bring clarity. 
