 
 
 
 
Date: 3rd June, 2025 
 
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: EIEL 
To  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 544290 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on 29th May, 
2025 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Part A of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In compliance to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we have attached herewith transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call for Analysts and Investors conducted on Thursday, 29th May, 2025.  
 
The same is also disseminated on the Company’s website at:  
https://www.eiel.in/_files/ugd/2514a1_0c88bcdadbc24121ac02fe8b3ada9150.pdf 
 
 
This is for the information and record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
 
 
 
(Piyush Jain) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
A57000 
 
Encl: a/a 
PIYUSH 
JAIN
Digitally signed 
by PIYUSH JAIN 
Date: 2025.06.03 
14:31:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 26 
 
 
“Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2025 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – ENVIRO INFRA ENGINEERS LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ENVIRO 
INFRA ENGINEERS LIMITED 
 
ADFACTORS PR – ENVIRO INFRA ENGINEERS LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 2 of 26 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Enviro Infra 
Engineers Limited Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by Adfactors PR. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the Company which are based 
on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of 
future performance and involves risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Jain, Chairman and 
Whole-Time Director, Enviro Infra Engineers Limited. Thank you 
and over to you sir. Thank you. 
Sanjay Jain: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone. I would like to extend a very 
warm welcome to all of you for Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
Earnings Conference call for the fourth quarter and year-ended 
31st March 2025. I would like to begin by expressing my gratitude 
to all of you for taking the time to join us today. We have on call 
with us Mr. Manish Jain, Managing Director and Adfactors PR, 
our Investor Relation team. We have shared our result 
presentation.  
I hope you all must have gone through it. Since this is our third 
earnings conference call, I would like to take you through our 
recent development before we get into the business and financial 
performance for this period. Enviro Infra Engineers Limited is one 
of 
the 
India's 
leading 
infrastructure 
and 
environmental 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 3 of 26 
 
engineering companies specializing in water and wastewater 
solutions.  
With a strong focus on sustainable infrastructure, we bring 
decades of expertise in designing, building and operating 
complex environmental projects across the country. Our work 
supports some of India's most ambitious national missions, 
including the Jal Jeevan Mission, the Atal Mission for 
Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation, AMRUT, and the 
National Mission for Clean Ganga, NMCG. 
These are not just infrastructure programs, they represent our 
collective responsibility to build cleaner, healthier and more 
sustainable communities for future generations. During the year, 
we have continued to build momentum with bids submitted for 
projects in excess of INR 5,000 crores. This robust pipeline is a 
testament to the trust that stakeholders and government agencies 
place in us.  
As of 31st March 2025, our order book remains strong and 
healthy, standing at around INR 1,185 crores, comprising 22 
diverse projects across multiple states. Our operation and 
maintenance order book adds another INR 806 crores, providing 
clear visibility into our future revenues and growth pipelines.  
Further, in financial year 2026, we have secured additional new 
orders worth INR 200 crores, indicating a strong start to the year 
and continued confidence from our clients. In recognition of our 
commitment to excellence, Enviro Infra Engineers Limited has 
also been awarded ISO certifications for Environmental 
Management 
System, 
Occupational 
Health 
and 
Safety 
Management 
and 
Quality 
Management 
System, 
further 
underlining our focus on safety, sustainability and performance 
excellence.  

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 4 of 26 
 
At Enviro, we play an active role in driving India's water 
sustainability and urban transformation. One of the defining 
features of our approach is our commitment to timely and high-
quality project execution. Now, I would like to hand over the floor 
to our Managing Director, Mr. Manish Jain, who will provide 
deeper insight into the Company's financial and operational 
performance. Over to you, Manish.  
Manish Jain: 
Thank you, Sanjay sir. Good morning, everyone. I shall take you 
through our quarterly and full-year financial performance. Starting 
with Q4, our revenue from operations grew 31% year-on-year to 
INR 393 crores, driven by the robust execution of a strong order 
book. EBITDA for the quarter was nearly INR 100 crores, as 
against INR 86 crores in Q4 FY24, registering a 16% growth on 
year-on-year basis.  
The EBITDA margin for Q4 FY25 was 25%. While the PAT grew 
by 30% to INR 74 crores with the margin at 18%. Now, coming to 
full-year numbers, the consolidated revenue from operations was 
INR 1,066 crores, up from INR 729 crores in FY24, making a 
robust growth of 46%. Our EBITDA grew by an impressive 61% 
year-on-year to INR 268 crores, compared to INR 166 crores in 
the previous year.  
The EBITDA margin improved to 25%, underscoring our focus on 
operational efficiency. The profit after tax rose sharply to INR 177 
crores from INR 106 crores in FY24, an increase of 66%. The 
PAT margin for the year stood at 16%, reflecting improved 
profitability and financial discipline.  
Now, coming to our balance sheet highlights, our debt-to-equity 
ratio remains conservative at 0.24, highlighting our strong 
balance sheet. Return on equity stood at 18% and return on 
capital employed at nearly 23%. Both are healthy indicators in 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 5 of 26 
 
terms of value creation. In terms of cash flow, I am happy to share 
that we have achieved a significant turnaround.  
Cash flow from operations before tax improved from a negative 
INR 78 crores in FY24 to a positive INR 26 crores in FY25, 
demonstrating the strong cash generating ability of our business 
and soundness of our financial strategy. Looking ahead, we aim 
to sustain our growth trajectory with an expected annual growth 
rate of 35% to 40%, while maintaining healthy EBITDA margins 
in the range of 22% to 24%.  
At the same time, sustainability is central to our strategy. We are 
in the process of setting up a new subsidiary focused on clean 
energy that is solar, hydro-power, green hydrogen and 24x7 
renewable solutions, while also exploring opportunities in solar 
assets and EPC projects. At the same time, we are also 
expanding in our water infra through reuse, ultrafiltration, RO and 
ZLD plants.  
We are expanding our presence across India, strengthening our 
national footprint. We also plan to bid for more HAM projects as 
well as strengthen our presence in the WWTP and WSSP space. 
Notably, we aim to increase the scale of our projects from 50 to 
200 MLD for sewage treatment plants and from 20 to 50 MLD for 
common effluent treatment plants. This step reaffirms Enviro's 
commitment to building a greener and more resilient India. That 
is all from our side. We can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Dheeraj Ram 
from Ashika Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question and congratulations for 
the good set of results. I have a couple of questions. So the first 
question is on the order book. So the order book has seen a slight 
degrowth from last quarter to this quarter, from close to INR 1,700 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 6 of 26 
 
crores to INR 1,185 crores and in the last quarter, you have told 
that you have bid for INR 2,200 crores projects and you are 
expected to bid for INR 2,000 crores more projects. So how do 
you see the order inflow for FY26 and what is the status of L1? 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you Dheeraj. Basically, in the last financial year at the start 
of 1st of January 2025, our order book was at INR 1,687 crores. 
So, the amount of execution, the revenues for the last quarter has 
been to the tune of INR 393 crores. So, our order book presently 
stands at around INR 1,185 crores.  
So, in the last financial year, not much projects were available for 
bidding. Bidding started in the month of January. So, three 
projects from the execution side have come up. Our order book is 
around INR 200 crores. Further, we have submitted our bids for 
somewhere around INR 5,000 crores projects and we are 
expecting the results to be out very soon. We are L1 in certain of 
the projects, but we are not interested in announcing the L1.  
Rather, we will be more interested as and when we get the LOIs 
from the respective clients, definitely we will announce that result 
and then that can get added to the order book. However, having 
said so, since we have submitted our bids for around INR 5,000 
crores projects, our success ratio in the past has been quite good. 
It was in the range of around 40% to 60%.  
Even if we go by a conservative number of somewhere around 
20% to 25%, even at that level, we can expect that an order inflow 
of INR 1,000 to INR 1,250 crores that should accrue to the 
Company from the bids that we have already submitted. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And just two more questions. What is the amount 
of unbilled revenue that we have as on closing FY25? 
Manish Jain: 
The total amount of unbilled revenue is to the tune of around INR 
265 crores in our books. 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 7 of 26 
 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay. And last question, sir. Sir, we have acquired two 
companies. One is EIE Renewables and the other is Sunaxis for 
10 lakhs and 1 lakh each. And these are related party 
transactions. So, I know that we are trying to enter into solar, 
hydro and green hydrogen, but what is the need of creating a 
separate entity and then acquiring it? What is the thought process 
behind this? 
Manish Jain: 
Both these companies were formed just recently with both Sanjay 
ji and myself being the directors in the company. We have stated 
quite clearly that these companies will remain to be 100% 
subsidiaries of Enviro Infra only. So, basically the purpose of 
acquisition was the shareholding. We were having that 10 lakh 
shares of EIE Renewables. So, basically that shares were 
transferred to Enviro Infra.  
So, we remain as directors in the company and it becomes 100% 
subsidiary of Enviro Infra. Basically, we want to have a clear 
demarcation in the business lines. The water and wastewater 
business that will directly be in the parent company only and the 
renewable business that we are trying to develop, that entire 
business that will be taken up in EIE Renewables.  
Sunaxis Renewable that has again been on the directorship was 
with Sanjay ji and myself. So, it will be acting as a step down 
subsidiary of EIE Renewables. So, if there is any solar asset or 
renewable asset which is taken up in the EIE Renewables, so, 
that particular company was required. So, that will act as a 
subsidiary of EIE Renewables. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Got it sir. Thank you. Thank you for answering the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Peter from LIC 
Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 8 of 26 
 
Peter: 
Hello sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted some color 
on the follow up on the previous participant's question on the 
subsidiary front. So, you are saying that you have kept a separate 
subsidiary for renewable. So, what is the difference between this 
subsidiary and the step down subsidiary? 
Manish Jain: 
Let me explain it first of all from Enviro. Basically Enviro, when it 
is a parent company, it is doing all the EPC business. So, 
whenever we are taking any of the HAM projects, we are required 
to form an SPV. So, that the financials of that particular SPV that 
can be separated and that can be clearly visible. So, now I will 
take it to the renewables.  
Basically, we have formed EIE Renewables for taking the entire 
renewable business which we intend to do. If we are having any 
of the assets or if there is any PPA line for this, we require that 
further step down subsidiary company of EIE Renewables for 
which that Sunaxis Renewable has been created. 
Peter: 
So, because of the first question, you had said that the renewable 
energy will be in solar renewable power generation itself or is it 
supporting the EPC projects that you are doing? Are they two 
separate line of businesses or that is just to support your EPC 
business? 
Manish Jain: 
There is one EPC business wherein we were installing some of 
the solar power plants. So, that earlier we were doing in our 
parent EPC company only. So, in future if there is any such 
requirement or that installation of any of the renewable plant will 
be required, that definitely will be transferred to the renewable 
side.  
This renewable company has been formed specifically to take 
direct projects in the renewable sector for which the company will 
be bidding in taking the EPC or some of the assets for executions. 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 9 of 26 
 
Peter: 
Okay, just to be clear. So, because we have seen in the 
presentation that some of the -- you have shown the images also 
where you have done some EPC based wastewater treatment 
plant that you do in that you have also provided solar installations 
in few of your projects. So, this particular subsidiary will support 
this kind of activities wherein you are saying that EPC may project 
what you are doing for wastewater treatment.  
If a client also says I want a solar installation along with this 
project, the subsidiary will take care of the solar installation part? 
Manish Jain: 
That's true. That's what I am saying. It is both ways. It is the 
installation of renewables in our existing water projects or 
wastewater projects wherein we are required to install or we are 
planning to install, as well as the individual installations as well for 
which we will directly bid for these type of projects, renewable 
project I will say. 
Peter: 
Okay. Thank you for the color. Sir that is helpful. Sir since we 
follow the last call also we are little bit aware of how the EPC part 
of yours works with water treatment because that has a separate 
set of drivers and there are government schemes associated with 
it and you support municipal.  
So, when you say you are going to do separate solar installation 
projects as well, can you please give us some color in terms of 
what is the market size? Who are the – what kind of clients do 
you target and, like what size of projects you do, what is the ticket 
size and what will the order book and what can be the revenue 
visibility on that front? 
Manish Jain: 
Let me clarify that we are quite new to this sector. Right now, 
giving the revenue visibility, as far as the size of the sector is 
concerned, we understand there is huge potential and huge 
opportunity which is available. Now, for us, how we can grow and 
how we can bring more color to our Company in this particular 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 10 of 26 
 
renewable sector. Basically, we are moving forward. We are 
going slow. We are studying.  
We are taking those projects wherein we can draw some 
strengths. Based on that, we will go ahead. We will not forecast 
any earnings right now for this renewable, but definitely we will 
look forward to very good margins which will be available when 
we are bidding for any of such projects.  
So, we will be quite careful while bidding. We don't want to go 
very big on this right now. We will have our footprints first 
available. Then we will look into the sector and how we will grow. 
So, maybe for a year or two, we will have our foothold in the 
sector. And then we can go for a revenue visibility, particularly in 
the sector.  
Peter: 
So, in that sense, you had done 22% margins last year, 25% this 
year. So, you expect the margin profile to be higher, same or 
lower for this particular business you are entering?  
Manish Jain: 
First of all, I will separate out the two businesses. One is our water 
and wastewater business. The visibility that growth in terms of 
revenue that 35%, 40% growth what we are expecting, that will 
continue to be there from the water and wastewater sector itself. 
So, there is no slackness in that and that robust growth that will 
continue in that particular sector.  
And we foresee the margins will always be there, that EBITDA 
margin of 22%, 24%. We expect we will continue to drive those 
types of margins from our water and wastewater treatment sector. 
I will again emphasize that in this renewable sector, because it is 
one of the main very interesting sectors and it is a huge 
opportunity which is available in India.  
Right now, we are definitely studying into it and how we can build 
up a good company and we can go for some good projects. We 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 11 of 26 
 
are visualizing some of the projects, we have definitely submitted 
some bids, wherein we have in those stands, 22%, 24% of 
EBITDA margins in the renewable sector, to my understanding, 
might not be possible, but yes, to an extent of around 18-20% is 
the margin what we are looking for. We will not go down beyond 
that. 
Peter: 
Okay. Got it. So, in the next two years, as you said, you are going 
to study the market, right? So, can we say that we can expect you 
to generate revenues from FY27 or FY28 onwards for this 
particular new business you are entering?  
Manish Jain: 
We do expect to generate revenues from this company in FY26 
as well, but comparatively we expect it to be a bit smaller right 
now. 
Peter: 
Okay. So, what are the independent renewable projects? So, 
when you are doing an EPC project for water, there is solar 
involved that you are doing, but standalone solar projects also 
from this year onwards also you will start executing here, just a 
color on that? 
Manish Jain: 
Yes, definitely. This is what we are intending to do along with 
solar. The start very definitely with solar and we will definitely try 
to enter into that hybrid sector or means 24x7, which is available 
in this particular renewal because there is a lot of gap or the grid 
imbalance which is there. So, that draws a lot of interest.  
Peter: 
Okay. And in terms of, additionally, because you are going to 
enter into this business and it may need some additional capex, 
any color on the capex requirement overall and specifically 
because of this how much you can expect to increase and also 
will you incur additional debt in order to fund this growth? Any 
color on that you can provide, sir?  

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 12 of 26 
 
Manish Jain: 
Right now, from our GCP, from the IPO funds, we have proposed 
an investment of INR 50 crores in EIE Renewables. Through our 
discussions, we have kept that overall investment from Enviro 
Infra to EIE Renewables at a maximum of INR 75 crores. So, 
basically, it will depend upon the type of project that we will get 
and if there is any PPA project which is of significant value and 
which can add strength to the Company and can give good 
returns. 
Then definitely, like HAM projects, we will be adding that debt. But 
we are quite careful if we go for a debt-to-equity ratio. So, we are 
quite comfortable right now. We are sitting at a level of around 
0.24. We understand we will never go heavy and we will never try 
to cross that line of around 1, not more than that.  
So, if we are having the HAM projects or any PPA projects and 
that debt level is going high, then definitely we have that bouquet 
available and we can look forward to selling those projects. 
Peter: 
Okay. Apparently you have said that almost INR 1185 crores 
order book… 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt, Mr. Peter. I would request you to please 
come back in the queue. 
Peter: 
Yes, sir. Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Rungta 
from LIC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Rungta: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a 
great set of numbers. Sir, most of my questions were asked by 
Peter already. Just two clarifications from my side. First is, right 
now, the water projects that we are doing and along with that, we 
are also doing solar EPC projects. So, those solar EPC projects 
will go under the subsidiary, correct? 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 13 of 26 
 
Manish Jain: 
Right, sir.  
Nikhil Rungta: 
Okay. And if we make this a subsidiary, then we can bid for 
standalone solar EPC projects as well? 
Manish Jain: 
That's true. This is our inclination and this is what we intend to do. 
Nikhil Rungta: 
Perfect. Sir, last question. Sir, the release which has come when 
we have set up this subsidiary in that objects you have written that 
target company is incorporate for the purpose of undertaking the 
business of power generation through renewable sources. So 
there is a confusion that are we also entering into renewable on 
power generation or it is primarily EPC what we are doing? 
Manish Jain: 
It can be both ways. It can be either IPP projects or PPA projects 
means or EPC. We always intend to go asset light. We will always 
have a right mix of EPC and PPA projects. The same way we are 
having that mix of HAM and EPC in our parent Company. So, on 
the debt side, we will never like to go heavy on this.  
So, we will be quite careful while choosing any of the assets which 
we can build up in that particular sector. So, our debt-to-equity, 
we will always maintain the debt-to-equity ratio to be in a very, 
very comfortable range. 
Nikhil Rungta: 
Perfect. So, basically, this is made with our solar EPC project 
group plus to make it independent. And if we anytime go into 
generation, we will be very careful. And probably, that will start 
after a couple of years, as you said? 
Manish Jain: 
True, sir. We never want to go heavy or we want to study the 
sector so that if there are great opportunities available, then we 
can go big on this. But for that, we definitely need to understand 
and need to understand the intricacies of the sector. 
Nikhil Rungta: 
Okay. Got it, sir. This is quite helpful and thanks for the 
clarification.  

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 14 of 26 
 
Manish Jain: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Aventus 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So, thank you for the opportunity, sir. And congratulations on a 
good set of numbers. So, sir, I wanted to actually start with a 
question on the CBG gas products that you have mentioned. And 
that seems to be something that is a bit unique to Enviro. I don't 
see a lot of players working in that space. So, could you just tell 
me a bit about that and how it could translate into revenues? 
Manish Jain: 
You are talking about the renewable sector itself? 
Rahul Agarwal: 
No, sir. Just typically the CBG gas product that was mentioned, I 
think recently I wanted some visibility on that, if that's possible? 
Manish Jain: 
This sustainability and waste-to-energy, this has remained our 
key focus. Presently, in three of our existing wastewater treatment 
projects, which are predominantly sewage treatment plants, we 
are putting up this gas generation and CBG plants. So, one of my 
plants is going at Jaipur. It is an 80 MLD plant, 80 MLD STP. Then 
there are two plants at Jodhpur, for which we are doing the 
upgradation and modification.  
These two are 50 MLD plants and one of the upcoming plants will 
be 135 MLD at Saharanpur. So, basically, when we are doing this, 
we are putting these CBG plants in our projects. We tend to see 
the performance of these plants and then based on the revenue 
generation model and the success ratio, definitely, we will try and 
we intend to enter into CBG, maybe for the agricultural waste or 
for MSW projects as well.  
So, we are again on the lookout. Basically, first of all, we are 
installing the plants in our existing projects. We will see to the 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 15 of 26 
 
performances and then definitely we'll look forward to these 
opportunities, which are immensely available in India. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay sir. Sure. So, sir, the other thing I wanted to ask was, in 
recent times our success ratio has been around 35% to 40% or 
so, I think, which seems to be much higher than the peers we 
have in the industry. So, can you comment on why that would be 
the case? Is there anything specific that we do much better that 
allows us to get such good ratios? 
Manish Jain: 
Rahul, that gets transpired from the design and execution 
capabilities, which are in-house. So, we have control on the 
costings. So, that control on the costings as well as giving the 
economical and viable solutions. So, we always remain a bit 
competitive in comparison to our competitors and that translates 
into better success ratio in comparison to our peers.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay, sure. And the guidance that you gave for a conservative 
number of 25% of success ratio, should we consider that to be 
the case or can we be a bit more optimistic? 
Manish Jain: 
Well, there are certain guidelines when we say 20% to 25% is the 
success ratio, which we can definitely foresee. But there can 
always be a chance for better ones, but at least if we go by that 
number as well and projects are further coming up. So, every 
quarter, if we can have that number of somewhere around maybe 
750-1000 odd crores of order book available to us and if we can 
build up that order book of around INR 2,500 crores to 3,000 
crores in this current financial year.  
So, maybe that depends. If our success ratio is higher 
comparatively, we will slow down our bidding in future. If our 
success ratio is in the range of 25% to that 20% 25% might be 
our bidding may be a bit higher at that point of time. 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 16 of 26 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay, sir. Sure. Thank you so much, sir. That's all from my end. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Reet Ranawat from Aventus 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Reet Ranawat: 
So, most of my questions are answered. So, I just wanted to ask, 
what is the average, like project execution cycle of the current 
orders and the future orders also? 
Manish Jain: 
The time period in general is in the range of 18 months to 24 
months, apart from some water supply schemes, which we are 
having wherein the order, this timeline is around 28 months. So, 
in general, a timeline of around 24 months can be taken to be an 
average timeline for the execution of the projects. 
Reet Ranawat: 
Okay. Got it. And, so do you plan to scale up your O&M portfolio 
like you have on this O&M portfolio on your site? So, is there a 
way that you will increase your scale-up of your O&M portfolio or 
you will continue to do EPC? 
Manish Jain: 
Can you please repeat your question? I could not hear you 
clearly. 
Reet Ranawat: 
So, will you continue to do EPC or you are more looking forward 
to do more O&M projects, like we can get future visibility? 
Manish Jain: 
HAM project drives better margins in comparison to EPC projects, 
but we cannot be, go very heavy on HAM. So, we will always be 
having a right mix between EPC and HAM. So, we understand 
that a mix of around 75 to 25 for EPC to HAM, I think that will be 
the right mix and right ratio going forward as well. So, we will try 
to maintain that level. 
Reet Ranawat: 
Okay. Thank you so much.  

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 17 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian 
from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: Sir, my question is regarding 48% of revenues comes from 
Madhya Pradesh side and what are the steps we have taken for 
mitigate regional risk? 
Manish Jain: 
Pardon couldn't get you, sir. Can you repeat, please? 
Balasubramanian: Around 50% of revenue comes from MP side only. So, what are 
the steps are we taking mitigating regional risk? 
Manish Jain: 
If you will see our investor presentation, our total WSSP book now 
remains at around INR 170 crores. So, those MP projects, there 
were 5 MP projects. The total order book size was INR 1,250 
crores. So, now the balance portion is around INR 170 odd crores. 
So, the component of wastewater treatment projects and that too 
EPC and HAM, that will be much higher in current financial year.  
So, this entire WTP order book, that is spread across the states. 
So, that concentration which we were having in MP, so I think that 
will slightly go down this year and we will have some better 
revenues from other states as well. 
Balasubramanian: Okay, sir. So, most of the like Infra and EPC players talked about 
delays in payments for water related projects. Are we facing the 
same and is there any potential delays in fund allocation for like 
AMRUT 2.0? Is there any impact on our growth side? 
Manish Jain: 
We didn't face any problem in any of the AMRUT or Namami 
Gange projects which we were executing during the last financial 
year. However, there was a delay in release of payments from 
JJM projects. For the entire last financial year, the payment cycle 
that got elongated in JJM, there was a delay or I will say almost 
nil payments which were released from the centre.  

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 18 of 26 
 
It is just because of the timelines of the project which it was 
intended to complete in FY24. The timelines could be increased 
by the central government only during this budget and this 
timeline has been increased till 2028. So, the last year was 
definitely crucial for all the players who were in the JJM segment.  
We also faced some challenges, but after December the cash 
flows have significantly improved even from the JJM and if you 
see our cash flow cycle, we have definitely improved a lot. So, if 
you see our cash flow pre-tax, these have gone positive from a 
negative number. So, that says that the cash flow and operational 
efficiency in the system, so that way we could manage the cash 
flows. 
Balasubramanian: Got it. Sir, on the margin front, basically our competitors are below 
15% kind of margins. I think we are above 20%. I just want to 
understand how we are maintaining those margins, whether it's 
because of input cost, competitive pricing or project mix shift or 
how we are selecting these kinds of projects? 
Manish Jain: 
Basically, if you see, it depends upon company-to-company how 
they take up the projects. So, the way the project is taken up, so 
that way the margins get derived. Some of the companies are 
having even better EBITDA margins than us, then some are 
having lower EBITDA margins or maintaining somewhere around 
15%.  
So, that is transpired from the way the project is taken up. If there 
is a subcontracting or there is no control on the execution front, 
then definitely the project may go for a delay or there can be cost 
overruns. We are basically trying to have our 100% control on the 
execution front and that is driving the growth as well as the margin 
in the company. 
Balasubramanian: Okay, sir. Thanks. 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 19 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniket Jain from 
Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Jain: 
Good morning, sir. Hope you can hear me. Actually, I wanted to 
ask one question on trade receivable days. So, I see that those 
have increased from 57 days in FY24 to almost 74 days currently. 
So, is there any reason for that and what should be the 
normalized receivable days and do you expect to reduce these 
receivable days in the near future? That is question one? 
Manish Jain: 
Yes. 
Aniket Jain: 
And question two would be if you are planning to probably go into 
international markets, say Middle East or Southeast Asia, 
because those markets also have some significant opportunities. 
So, that is question two? 
Manish Jain: 
Basically, the trade receivable days, you are 100% right. These 
have increased to somewhere around 70 days. The challenge this 
time was basically the receivables from the JJM projects itself. 
During the entire financial year, there was a slowdown in the 
receivables from JJM projects. Situation has got improved a lot. 
The number of days seems to be 70.  
However, if you just work out the payments which we received on 
3rd or 4th of April. So, it was somewhere around INR 70 crores 
which we received from the JJM project itself. So, if we just take 
it into the account, then the receivable days goes back to around 
45 days. And 45 days is what exactly means the right timeline for 
receivables.  
The total receivable cycle if I divide the inventory days should be. 
This is what actually and optimally should be. It is inventory days 
should be 15. Unbilled revenue days should be somewhere 
around 90. Then the receivable days should be 45. So, if we add 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 20 of 26 
 
these all, it should be 150 days and trade payable days should be 
around 60.  
So, if we say the networking capital cycle comes out to be 90 
days. In our case, this networking capital cycle comes out to be 
105 days. Now, that slight means the fund which we received on 
4th and 5th of April. Definitely, that cannot be taken as the fund 
that debtor cycle for FY26 because it was just the fund which was 
to be released.  
So, it got released two to three days later after this 31st March. 
So, if we just look into it or we account for this particular one, then 
that days that will go down to somewhere around 25 further. So, 
around 80 days. So, we are fairly comfortable in that case. And 
regarding this question on the international, same ways we are 
having some inquiries now from the international market as well.  
So, it would be that student exercise that we study that market 
carefully and then we enter. We will take our own time with the 
study, but one thing that is for sure is we will definitely be inclined 
to enter into the international market even when the opportunity 
is available.  
Aniket Jain: 
So, sir, just a follow-up on this. If you plan to go into international 
markets, would you be doing end-to-end work there that is the EP 
as well as C portion or would you try to get some local contractors 
to do the construction portion and you just take up the EP portion?  
Manish Jain: 
Basically, this is what we have to study and we have to infer 
whether it will be prudent for us to go there and do the civil 
construction work from our side itself or should we hire the local 
contractor and give that civil construction work to the local 
contractor and then we look on for the equipment supplies and 
then performance guarantees. So, this is what we have to study 
only after our comfort zone and we will enter into that market. 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 21 of 26 
 
Aniket Jain: 
Sure, sir. Thank you for the opportunity.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sarabjyot Chawla from 
Niveza India. Please go ahead. 
Sarabjyot Chawla: So, my question to you is on the lines of again the trade 
receivables and the cash flow mainly. Last conference call, I 
believe you had mentioned that there would be complete release 
of funds from JJM side, but I just want to know the status and 
update on that and also if this cash flow issue will be consistent. 
Like will this be an issue for every quarter because there will be a 
backlog from the previous quarter or is there a resolve to the 
issue? And also the aging of the trade receivables, that's also just 
a point of concern. I just want to understand this from you once? 
Manish Jain: 
If you see, our cash flow have turned positive and our cash flows 
pre-tax are now INR 25 crores positive in comparison to around 
INR 75 crores which were negative in the last financial year pre-
tax. So, that means our cash flows have improved significantly 
despite the problems that all the players have faced by not 
release of the timely payments in JJM projects.  
This problem, this is one of the one problem which anybody has 
faced in the last 10 years and to our understanding the worst is 
over and the funds are there on the verge of being released in 
JJM. Apart from JJM, I have not faced any of the challenges in 
either AMRUT 2 projects or Namami Ganga projects.  
The flow of funds there have been quite smooth, which definitely 
have helped us in our execution of the JJM projects as well. So, 
we could maintain a mix of our cash flows from various projects 
which were coming to us. So, this problem was once in a lifetime 
kind of thing and though the central government were having the 
budgetary allocations, that timeline issue that created a problem.  

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 22 of 26 
 
Other way round from AMRUT to Namami Ganga, the funds were 
being released. So, we don't foresee that such cash flow 
problems that will exist in future. We are quite hopeful that funds 
will be available in the project. Regarding aging, if I will say my 
entire this receivable, well it's INR 205 crores. If you see my entire 
quarter, so my entire quarter is INR 393 crores. So, if you see the 
aging wise also, so that does not look to be more than that 45 
days itself if you just compare the last quarter only. So, that way 
things are quite comfortable.  
We are closely monitoring all the cash flows and we are having a 
stringent watch on it and we are definitely following up. So, 
everything is quite comfortable. Our cash flows have improved 
significantly. This is what I can say in one of the troubled years 
itself, our cash flows have improved significantly.  
Sarabjyot Chawla: Sir, can we expect a positive cash flow after tax next year?  
Manish Jain: 
We definitely look forward to positive cash flows after tax also. We 
definitely look for it. One more thing which I would like to highlight, 
basically that transpires from the order book, present order book. 
The present order book says the WSSP lines are only to the tune 
of INR 175 crores. So, rest all are our WWTP projects, EPC or 
HAM. So, that way the cash flows are quite comfortable in all 
those projects.  
It has remained to be comfortable in the last financial year as well. 
So, we can expect a positive cash flow.  
Sarabjyot Chawla: Thank you, sir. Just one last question on the unbilled revenue 
side. Sir, would the INR 256 crores, I believe is the amount, would 
that be included in the top line for this financial year, the unbilled 
revenue is included in INR 1066? 
Manish Jain: 
Unbilled revenue is the sales valuation in INR 1,066 crores. So, 
in the current financial year, it will not be the part of the revenue. 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 23 of 26 
 
It has already been the part of revenue of FY25. The figure is INR 
265 crores, not 256. It is 265. And if we see it in number of days, 
it comes out to 91 days. So, in 90 days, this unbilled revenue cycle 
seems to be okay.  
Sarabjyot Chawla: Okay. So, just to confirm, it is included in the INR 1,066 figure for 
FY25? 
Manish Jain: 
Yes.  
Sarabjyot Chawla: Thank you, sir. Good luck. 
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Aditya from Synergy. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya: 
Yes, sir. I just wanted to have some future guidance on the 
revenue and the margins. Will we see any improvement for the 
next year? 
Manish Jain: 
If you see to the order book, that order book primarily constitutes 
WWTP projects. These are EPC and HAM projects. So, if you see 
this profitability guidance, definitely these projects have higher 
margins in comparison to water supply schemes. So, we definitely 
expect that the margins can improve, but as a guidance, we will 
never go for or give any guidance for EBITDA margins going 
above 22% to 24%.  
We will have that operational efficiency in the system and we will 
definitely look forward to having the better margins while we are 
executing. 
Aditya: 
Okay. All right. That's it, sir. That was my only question. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Ankur Kumar from 
Alpha Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 24 of 26 
 
Ankur Kumar: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, I wanted to 
understand regarding our 30% to 35% to 40% growth guidance 
for this year. So, we will need more orders and you said that 
INR5,000 crores bid book is there. So, when can we expect some 
wins from there and if we get it, how early if we get it, we will start 
executing it, sir? 
Manish Jain: 
First of all, the moment we bid any of the projects, there is a 
timeline of around 4 months to 6 months within which the bids are 
evaluated and the orders are released. So, if we have started 
bidding for these projects in the month of January, then definitely 
we can have a good amount of visibility to my understanding by 
June and or maybe in the month of July.  
The moment we get any of the projects, first 3 months to 4 
months, these are mainly used in the designing of that particular 
project. So, that says that the entire monsoon season will be 
available for the designs. So, this year Diwali is also in the month 
of October. So, 5 clear months will be available for construction.  
So, we can understand that the new order book which will be 
coming into the company. So, November onwards, it will add on 
substantially to the revenues of the company and till that time, the 
order book which the company already has in hand. So, we have 
a good amount of order book available to execute at least for the 
next 6 to 7 months. So, that way we can foresee that 35% to 40% 
revenue visibility. That is quite possible. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it. And sir, on JJM side, there were reductions. Can you 
comment how are the things now and how are we expected things 
in FY26? 
Manish Jain: 
Right now under JJM the projects which we were having and 
which we were executing, we are in the final stages of the 
execution of those projects. Since we were not having our comfort 
zone going further for the JJM projects, so we backed out and we 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 25 of 26 
 
didn't bid any of our bids which have been submitted out of this 
INR 5,000 odd crores. So, none of the project is from JJM.  
Right now, we are more interested in completing our projects and 
then taking out all the funds which are blocked or which are 
withheld in the JJM. The guidance will be clear. The funds are 
being made available by central government as well as the state 
governments. The funds are definitely going to flow maybe in the 
next 15 days, 20 days time. There is a normal timeline. After the 
completion of any financial year, the funds generally get available 
either by May end or in the month of June.  
So, that is a normal position. So, we do expect that the funds 
should be there. I cannot guarantee because the funds have to 
come from the government only, but we foresee that the funds 
are going to be made available in the month of June and there will 
be quite comfort zone in the cash flow side further. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. So, last question would be on the O&M side. The order 
book is INR 806 crores and roughly we are doing around INR 30 
crores of execution per year. So, what kind of improvement or 
how should we look at this O&M part of the business and is it like 
how much margin we make in this O&M business? 
Manish Jain: 
O&M revenues and the profitability from O&M. Profitability is 
definitely higher and it is significantly higher. However, we foresee 
the O&M revenues to be always in the range of 3% to 5%. In the 
last financial year because all the projects were in the execution 
stages. So, there were not much of the projects which had 
entered into O&M. In the past projects were continuing in the 
O&M phase.  
So, if the O&M revenues have almost got stagnated for FY 24 and 
25, we expect that in the current financial year there should be an 
increase in that O&M revenue to the tune of maybe another INR 
10 crores to INR 15 crores. So, year-on-year basis as the projects 

 
 
Enviro Infra Engineers Limited
 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 26 of 26 
 
get completed the O&M revenues will go on increasing. If I talk 2 
years down the line, we foresee that O&M revenue can shoot up 
to an extent of somewhere around INR 70 crores to INR 75 
crores. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sure, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for 
today's conference call. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Sanjay Jain for closing comments. 
Sanjay Jain: 
Thank you. I thank the entire team of Enviro Infra Engineers 
Limited for their untiring efforts, hard work and dedication which 
drives the company forward to various market conditions. Also, I 
appreciate all of you for participating in our conference call. 
Please do get in touch with our investor relationship team for any 
further questions. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Enviro Infra Engineers Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you all. 
