 
 
Ref: SEC/SE/18/2025-26                                                                              Date: 5th June 2025 
 
The Manager- Listing  
 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (EAST), Mumbai – 400051 
 
NSE SYMBOL: SENCO 
The Manager – Listing 
 
BSE Limited 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 543936 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s), 
 
 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcripts pertaining to the Financial Results of Q4 & FY25 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Analysts/Investors Earning 
Conference Call organized on 30th May 2025 post declaration of Standalone & Consolidated Financial 
Results for the fourth quarter and year ended 31st March 2025. 
 
The transcript shall also be available on the website of the Company. 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For SENCO GOLD LIMITED 
 
 
 
Mukund Chandak  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A20051 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Mukund 
Chandak
Digitally signed by 
Mukund Chandak 
Date: 2025.06.05 
12:45:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
“Senco Gold Limited
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 30, 2025 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUVANKAR SEN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SENCO GOLD LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY BANKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SENCO GOLD LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MADHAV AGARWAL – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 

Senco Gold Limited
May 30, 2025 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Senco Gold Limited Q4 and FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Madhav Agarwal from Antique Stock Broking. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Madhav. 
Madhav Agarwal: 
Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome the management and thank them for 
this opportunity. We have with us today Mr. Suvankar Sen, who is the MD and CEO of the 
company; and we also have Mr. Sanjay Banka, who is the CFO of the company. I shall now 
hand over the call to the management team for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Suvankar Sen: 
Thank you very much, Mr. Madhav, for introducing us. So good morning, ladies and gentlemen. 
We would like to welcome all of you for the update call for the performance of Senco Gold 
Limited for the Q4 & FY25. We are happy to inform you that the Q4 FY25 has seen a strong 
growth in total sales of approximately 21%, where we have seen that in the gold jewellery 
segment, we have grown by 20% in terms of value. However, due to the rise in gold prices, there 
was a 6% decline in volume, specifically in terms of gold jewellery units sold. But the good part 
that has been extremely encouraging is the growth that we have seen in diamond jewellery, 
where we have seen a 38% growth in terms of value for diamond jewellery and 21% volume 
growth in diamonds, which has led to an increase in the stud ratio.  
As we ended the 9 months, we were declaring a stud ratio of 10.5%. But thanks to the effort by 
the team and the continuous new designs and collections that kept getting launched in the months 
of January and February, we have taken our stud ratio to 10.9% as we ended the year. And if we 
look at the overall FY25, we have seen value growth in diamond jewellery of 15% with a 
marginal growth of 2% in terms of volume for diamonds. 
And for the whole year, the gold jewellery has seen a value growth of approximately 20% with 
an impact of volume degrowth of 4%. So that has been the broad major category-wise sales for 
the whole year. We all know that the prices of gold have been on an upward trend for the whole 
financial year, but while there have been challenges in terms of the volumes getting impacted, 
we have seen that the consumers were looking for jewellery within their budget, within their 
weight range.  
The weight ranges have been under pressure because prices went up upwards of 30%, but there 
has also been a shift, along with 22-carat gold jewellery and a tendency of the consumers to buy 
more 14-carat diamond jewellery or 18-carat diamond or plain gold jewellery. So, there is this 
gradual shift of purity getting lower to fit it within the budget of the consumers, happening.  
And it is especially with the modern Western designs that we are seeing such a shift happening. 
Now, coming to the profitability. The adjusted PAT for the standalone numbers has been INR 

Senco Gold Limited
May 30, 2025 
Page 3 of 23 
207 crore. Adjusting for the impact of customs duty amounting to INR 57.4 crore, which was 
incurred in July 2024, the adjusted PAT stands at INR 207 crore. 
And if we look at the unadjusted numbers, it is INR 165 crore, but something that we are grateful 
to the team for their efforts and the results that has seen a strong jump of INR 62 crore for Q4 
FY25 from the INR 103 crore of PAT that we had seen for the 9M FY25. 
In terms of the opening of new stores, net-net, we have seen 16 stores open for the full financial 
year. We have opened 6 franchise stores, 9 Senco company-owned, company-operated stores 
and 1 Sennes store, which is the lab-grown diamond, perfumes, and leather bags. So basically 
focusing on lab-grown diamond, 1 Sennes store. So that's been the 16 stores that we have opened 
in the full financial year. 
Another encouraging number for us to see is that the non-East business has grown by 23% to 
approximately INR 1,230 crore. So that's the increase in the non-East business. In terms of a 
number of footfalls, while we have seen that the gold prices have been on an upward trend, 
people are looking for lighter-weight jewellery. The weight ranges are going down. The wedding 
has been a segment that has driven the business for a major part of the year as well.  
But in terms of measuring the customer footfalls, we have seen that with the LTL and the new 
stores that have happened, we have got a 17% increase in a number of footfalls overall and a 5% 
increase in the new invoices. And the new customers that got added have been around 2,53,000 
new customers. 
The ATV that we have seen, which was INR 63,700 in the previous financial year, has gone up 
to around INR 73,000. So there has been around a 15% increase in ATV, but here, you can see 
that the increase of ATV has been 15%, but the gold price has moved up above, and that is where 
we are seeing the lighter weight jewellery happening. And in terms of the gold rate, we have 
seen that when we began the year, the gold rate was about INR 6,300, and as we ended the year, 
it was around INR 9,000.  
So that's the overall growth in the gold rate that we have seen from the beginning to the end of 
the year. In terms of new designs that got added in gold jewellery, we've always been 
continuously trying to launch new designs. So, we've added more than 25,000 designs in gold 
jewellery and more than 4,000 to 5,000 designs in diamond jewellery. 
Another very interesting aspect, the numbers that we need to look at is the old gold exchange. 
So because the prices were on an upward trend, people were feeling the pinch of having a little 
lower, I would say, budget, and they would exchange their old gold, and we have seen that the 
old gold exchanges went up to close to 39% to 40%. So that has been a substantial jump. If I 
recall, maybe 2 to 3 years back, the old gold exchange was only 25% of the overall sales and 
that has become around close to 40% of the overall sales.  
And so that also has helped, I would say, the business to continue to grow and keep getting the 
customers coming back to the stores. And if we look at the more initiatives that we have taken 
in Q4 and what has been the reason for the growth and the numbers in Q4, I will say that the 
wedding sales, particularly during the months of January, February until mid of March. And 

Senco Gold Limited
May 30, 2025 
Page 4 of 23 
even the early weddings of April, May, I think, consumers were utilising these months to buy 
their wedding jewellery for the season.  
And also, we had the Valentine's Day and the birthdays and anniversaries of many people. And 
I think the love season, as we call it, has led to an increase in the sales of diamonds. Even in the 
month of March, it was Women's Day, and it allowed us to connect to our women customers, 
and we launched multiple collections throughout the quarter.  
To name a few, we introduced the Berry Collection, which features designer jewellery with 
coloured stones and diamonds, as well as fancy-shaped solitaires, the Ice Cube Collection, 
lightweight jewellery under the Facets of Love line, Ombre, Rose, and various new designs in 
the solitaire segment. 
I must also highlight the contribution of solitaire diamonds. While 90% of our diamond sales in 
the last financial year comprised small diamonds, the solitaire segment—accounting for the 
remaining 10%—saw a notable sales growth of approximately 26% for solitaires above 0.20 
carats. This growth can be attributed to a decline in solitaire prices, which consumers perceived 
as a good buying opportunity. And we are also seeing an upward trend in the price of diamonds 
now that the war is about to be over. And I think consumers are feeling a keen interest in buying 
solitaires. So, as we are towards the end of May and we look at the numbers and what has 
happened in the last 2 months of this particular new financial year, we are seeing around an 18% 
to 19% growth in terms of value. 
So I think even though the gold prices are close to their all-time high, the faith and the trust of 
consumers towards the commodity gold and silver have been strong, and consumers are looking 
for an opportunity whenever they can buy or the prices are something of within their range. They 
want to and are planning to buy the jewellery. 
Along with that, the encouraging aspect is the interest in diamonds. So, the diamond prices are 
gradually starting to rise. And even our sales for the diamond jewellery segment, like the way 
we have seen in the Q4 have continued to perform in that manner. Our aim for the whole 
financial year, again, to reiterate as we are having the call and we've crossed 2 months of the 
year, we'll continue to be having a top line growth of 18% to 20%, and we will try to endeavour 
to increase our bottom line as well, with the focus on improving the diamond sales. 
In the last financial year, we have seen that during the first half of the year, the interest on buying 
diamonds was lesser. But as the year was ending, the interest went up, so our focus and 
endeavour to improve the diamond sales will continue to remain. And with the high gold price, 
we will try to bring in more efficiency in the business in terms of analysing the data, what kind 
of products are selling in which stores, and what price range. And in this high gold scenario, we 
try to optimise our stock and make -- ensure that the top-performing designs and categories are 
continuously supplied for higher sales. 
And in terms of the endeavour towards profitability, I think we will be working towards having 
and achieving an EBITDA of anywhere between 6.8% to 7.2% and our endeavour to achieve a 
PAT of 3.5% to 3.7% shall continue to remain. And I think in this dynamic market scenario, a 

Senco Gold Limited
May 30, 2025 
Page 5 of 23 
Sanjay Banka: 
very important thing is to focus on lightweight jewellery and to ensure that our new generation 
customers continue to engage with us and connect with us. 
And as far as the wedding segment is concerned, which will remain about 35% to 40% of the 
overall business, the handcrafted jewellery, which is the need of the consumers for the wedding 
segment within their budgets, will be a focus area for us as well. And as far as the franchisees 
are concerned, we intend to add a minimum of 18 to 20 stores with a higher focus on having 
more and more franchisees.  
So minimum 10 franchisees we will be adding and about 8 to 10 company-owned company-
operated stores with a strong focus, as always, we've been mentioning on East India and North 
India. So, with this, I would like to end my update for Q4 & FY25.  
And at the end of it, I would like to thank all of you for your continuous support, encouragement, 
faith and guidance in terms of how we ensure that in this volatile market scenario and the 
geopolitical uncertainties that we see in the world, we will continue to connect with our 
consumers and acquire more new and new customers. Thank you very much. 
And I will request Mr. Banka, our CFO to kindly say a few words. 
So, thank you very much, sir. I would like to add one more context. So, we have reported the 
standalone and consol both numbers. Our consolidated financials include the results of Senco 
Gold Limited, Senco Gold Artisanship Private Limited, Senco Global Jewellery Trading LLC 
(the Dubai entity) and Sennes Fashion Limited. So, we are commencing the new Sennes 
business in Sennes Fashion Limited, where the results are just building up. 
So, while the standalone top line is INR 6,258 crore and the standalone adjusted PAT is INR 
207 crore. In the consol financials, the revenue has increased to INR 6,328 crore, and the 
adjusted PAT is INR 201 crore. The INR 201 crore is the impact of the 3 subsidiaries. So, this 
is message number one. 
Now, if we look at the adjusted EBITDA, at the standalone number, the adjusted EBITDA has 
improved from INR 381 crore to INR 427 crore. So, a 19.7% top-line growth, a 12.2% growth 
in adjusted EBITDA. Similarly, the EBIT has remained range-bound from INR 365 crore to INR 
359 crore. Finance cost has marginally increased as the borrowings have increased, and we'll 
discuss in detail.  
And the adjusted EBITDA had improved significantly from INR 188 crore to INR 207 crore. 
So, 10.1% growth in adjusted EBITDA, which is 3.3% adjusted PAT margin, and we have given 
the outlook for the future EBITDA margin, which our MD has said is between 6.8% to 7.5%, 
which is in line with our early projections and an adjusted PAT of 3.5%. 
So, during the year, we have given you updates of 16 stores. Our non-East revenue is INR 1,150 
crore, which is around 18% of the total revenue. Stud ratio has given a range bound, and it has 
grown very significantly in Q4, and we are hopeful and confident that with the growing interest, 
the stud ratio, which we have been looking for a 15% range in 3 to 4 years, we'll achieve that. 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
 
The rate of interest is a very important factor. So, you are aware that the Gold Metal Loan, there 
was some scarcity in February and March. So, the Gold Metal Loan rate had increased from 
around 3.6% to 6.6%, and the blended rate has increased from 5.9% to around 7% in Jan, Feb 
and March. However, we are confident that the way it is shaping up, there will not be any 
significant impact on the Gold Metal Loan price. 
 
If we look at the balance sheet, the balance sheet size has increased from INR 3,715 crore to 
INR 4,733 crore, an INR 1,000 crore increase in the balance sheet level, which is primarily on 
account of increased inventory. So, inventory has increased by INR 819 crore primarily, it is an 
increase in inventory and increase in bank FD and margin.  
So, the bank FD and margin increases due to the higher borrowing and higher hedging ratio, 
etc., which has been funded by net worth. So, the QIP funds, which we raised, the QIP funds 
have been used for working capital purposes, and a part of the QIP funds are still in FD, which 
we use in course of time. 
 
And Gold Metal Loan has increased by INR 272 crore. A very important point we want to raise 
is that our Gold Metal Loan, which was earlier appearing in the financing activity in line with 
the industry patterns and discussion with the statutory auditor, we have reclassified it as a part 
of operating cash flow, which is visible in the face of the balance sheet. And the operating cash 
flow has also improved.  
So, during the year, there is an increase in inventory. So still, the operating cash flow is good. 
The inventory quantity has also increased overall, which we'll discuss in detail. The financial 
ratios, which you see in the presentation, particularly the return on equity and ROCE, optically, 
will look to have a downward trend. But what we want to explain is that these are the costs of 
investment.  
Whenever you grow, the ROE, the equity will not yield you the 20% or 21% return in the same 
year. So, we look at our return ratios in a long-term fashion. We are a growing company, while 
my existing portfolio will give me 20% blended return, but the new portfolio will give me high 
return. 
 
So, with that, I close my discussion. And if MD sir has to add something, kindly add or we can 
proceed for any Q&A session now. 
Suvankar Sen: 
No, just to add to what Mr. Banka said, that our same-store sales growth has continued to be in 
the range of 15% to 16%. So that has been a very strong number. And even though the stores 
have been existing for a long period of time, whether it is our old customers who are coming 
and buying their products or new customers that are getting aligned to the brand and getting 
engaged with the brand, we continue to grow with our same-store sales growth of 15%. 
 
And also, as I mentioned to you that the old gold exchanges that had gone up to 40% of the 
overall sales, out of the old gold that comes into our system, and I've been saying it before as 
well, more than 60% of the old gold is the non-Senco old gold that is coming to us, which is, 
again, I would say, reinstating and reimposing the fact that the shift from the unorganized 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
segment to the organized brands continue to remain in this scenario as well, and consumers are 
preferring to buy from brands and organized jewellers. 
 
So, with this, I think we are opening up the discussions for the Q&A. So, feel free to ask 
questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Videesha Sheth: 
So, my first question was, I mean, I do understand that margins need to be looked at from an 
annual basis, and we have to ignore the quarterly vagaries. But just to understand the cost a little 
bit better, what led to the 25% or 27% increase in the employee spend? And on the other hand, 
you've seen a 13% decline in the other operating expenses for the quarter? 
Sanjay Banka: 
So, Videesha, as you said that our turnover, which was around INR 1,362 crore, is one of the 
highest in the last 3 years. So last year, it was INR 1,130 crore and the previous year it was INR 
813 crore Q4 turnover. So, you are comparing this number against Q3 or Q4? That is the first 
question. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Sorry, I meant on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Sanjay Banka: 
Y-o-Y. Correct, correct. So Y-o-Y itself, the top line has grown by almost 20%, right? So now 
what we see is that it is never exactly symmetrical because a lot of stores come up at different 
points of time. So maybe when you are looking at the Q4 number last year and then the cost base 
has increased.  
So when the cost base increases to, let's say, by 16 stores and which also occurred during quarters 
1, 2 and 3 the cost base is not the same. In the previous year, if the store is opened even in Q4 in 
February or March. So, this year, the impact will be for the full 3 months, then there is an 
increment because we are investing substantially in our people, in our training. 
 
And also, as the market is competitive, we have to keep our employees motivated with incentives 
and rewards. So, this is the impact of the overall scheme, which you will see in the financials. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Got it. So just to clarify, would there be any hedging-related expenses on the opex side that's 
been accounted for? 
Sanjay Banka: 
No. See, hedging-related expenses, we have explained in detail, kindly refer to my document. 
Hedging expenses, depending upon whether it's a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge, it will 
either be adjusted to cost of goods sold or will be separately disclosed in the financials as other 
income or other expenses. So, if there is no other income or other expenses, they will never be 
clubbed under the general opex. Kindly refer to my detailed document on hedging. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Sure. Moving to the second question. What led to the increase in inventory days from, I think, 
around 170 FY24 to 190 in FY25? And how should one look at it going forward? 
Sanjay Banka: 
So, inventory days, we have said earlier that we are a growing company. The number of stores 
is increasing. Particularly, if you look at the competitor, I understand the inventory days are in 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
the range of 170 to 180. This is still 166, right? It has increased from 151. So as we are looking 
forward to increasing the diamond sales, the diamond inventory days increase.  
And as you go hyperlocal, right, with a higher spread outside East, which is 20%, there are 
experiments which you have to do with a hyperlocal continuously shuffle. So these are the 
regular processes. But these are, to my understanding, within the industry norms and slightly 
better than the top players in the industry. 
Suvankar Sen: 
And also, Videesha, because of the increase in gold price, we have seen that the sales have also 
been seasonal. And like, for example, if I consider the whole year, just to summarise, if we see 
what has happened throughout the year. In April and May, it was the election season. And we 
had seen that the overall sales, even though we had grown, it was against the various challenges 
in the external market. 
 
Then, when we looked at June, July, prices had gone up. In August, the duty got cut, and there 
was a bumper sale in August, and we were running short of inventory because there was over, I 
would say, unexpected sales. Then in September, before the festive season, prices shot up and 
there was a little bit of slowdown. Then in October, for Diwali and Dhanteras, we had seen very 
good sales happening, then November, December was the wedding. 
 
Then again, January, February, March, the wedding sales continue to happen, and the diamond 
sales picked up from the month of October, November up to, say, March. So, the whole year has 
seen a lot of ups and downs in terms of the growth in sales or the slowdown. And with the 
increase of 30% to 40% in gold price, we can only reduce the inventory at the stores to a certain 
extent to optimise, but we also need to be ready to cater to the consumer demand whenever the 
sales are in demand. 
 
So that has been another reason I would say that the gold price rise and the perfect planning that 
we are continuously trying to do is making this number of days what it is. 
Sanjay Banka: 
Sir, if I can add, like as you rightly said, gold prices, which were in the range of INR 7,639 to 
INR 7,675 in Q3, they improved substantially to INR 7,689 to INR 9,012. That means INR 7,675 
ending increased to INR 9,012. That is one factor. And Videesha, once again, we have to 
continuously grow.  
So the March number is always higher because this is a readiness for Akshaya Tritiya. And we 
have already talked about our Akshaya Tritiya sales. So the March number and September 
number will always be higher because September is ahead of Dhanteras. So this is an investment 
in future. We don't look at it as idle inventory. These are clearly an investment in future. And 
when we are looking at our long-term goal, we are very confident that we are managing our 
inventory very efficiently. 
Suvankar Sen: 
And this time, Akshaya Tritiya was also in April rather than in May. So we have to be ready for 
inventory in the month of March itself. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Understood. So, just as a small follow-up to this. By when do you think the ROCEs could inch 
back to 18% to 20%? Is it a 3-year, 4-year, 5 -year timeline that you have in mind? 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Sanjay Banka: 
See, we are looking at 16% to 17% in the next 3 to 4 years, right? And even during QIP and 
IPO, we were cognizant that as we raised funds, we raised the IPO funds and QIP funds and PE 
funds (so these have got diluted). But yes, our existing portfolio is giving us this return. In 3 to 
4 years, it will inch back to 17% to 18%. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Just last one question from my side. Can you just elaborate on what initiatives can are being 
undertaken to improve the organic growth profile in the non-East region of the country? 
Suvankar Sen: 
So rather than getting too much into the strategy, we will tell you that in terms of brand building, 
marketing expenditure, connecting with the consumers, creating designs as per the local taste 
and preferences. I think these are the ways in which we are continuously gathering and attracting 
consumers in the non-East segment. 
 
And if you look at the numbers overall, we have grown by 23% in the non-East segment also. 
And as the brand is getting stronger and the awareness level of the brand is increasing, then the 
inquiries and the leads for franchisees in the Tier 2, 3, 4 towns and cities of the non-East segment 
of India is also increasing, and we would like to grow into the smaller towns using our franchisee 
model as well.  
So I think that at one end, we have the brand building, we have the product strategy. And if I 
may say that in terms of the diamonds, in terms of design for diamonds and in terms of trying to 
be as competitive in the diamond segment, we are trying our level best to remain attractive to 
the consumer. So I think that product strategy, branding and distribution. These are the three 
broad methods by which we are penetrating and growing in the non-East segment. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Thank you. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Vishal Gutka from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: 
A couple of questions from my side. So first was the interest in Gold Metal Loan after seeing a 
spike up around 6% to 6.5%. Can you give a flavour of what is happening as of now? What are 
the rates as of now, ongoing rates? 
Sanjay Banka: 
So, Vishal, the ongoing rate was higher because there was a very short supply of gold in the 
market. It increased from 3.2% in Jan to 5.3% in February and 6.6% in March. In April, it came 
down by 100 basis points. May we are still talking.  
So, there is a good availability and considering all the cold war, which was there, the uncertainty 
has come down. So the blended interest cost is higher even today at 7% as against 5.9% earlier. 
So, we are given to understand from the banks that this will further come down. So max, if I 
hazard to take a risk for the entire, that will amount to around, let's say, 1% on INR 1,000 crore 
is INR10 crore on a base of INR 10 crore on a top line of around INR 7,400 crore, INR 7,500 
crore. So, not a major issue now at all. 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Vishal Gutka: 
Do we expect it to settle down to the original level or it will remain elevated above the original 
levels? 
Sanjay Banka: 
As I said, it is very difficult to hazard the guess. I think that it will still be 100 basis points higher 
than the earlier rate. But it may come down. Let's wait and watch. We will give you an update 
once the quarter ends. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. And second question is on the diamond pricing that Suvankar was highlighting. I think 
national diamond prices have started moving up. So broadly, Suvankar, if you can highlight what 
kind of price increase that you have in last 1 year? And what is the exit rate as of now because 
none of the jewellers have highlighted this point that with regards to, they are seeing a big 
traction in terms of what you call diamond jewellery sales coming back in fashion? 
Suvankar Sen: 
But I think that in terms of sales of diamond jewellery, what we had seen in the H1 of the year, 
H2 of the year has been that much stronger. And the volume growth that you have seen 
happening in Q3 or Q4 and May, there is this traction. Maybe the others will soon update as and 
when they think it is fit. 
 
But that shift and that sale that we are seeing is for 2 reasons. One is that the high gold prices 
making the consumers look at 18-carat and 14-carat jewellery with diamond as an option to buy. 
And the second is that the sentiment, which I again may be repeating that diamond prices are 
not a good investment, and the prices have come down. Those were the sentiments in the first 
half of the year for 2024.  
But I think even at the international level, we are seeing a marginal increase in the diamond 
prices of solitaire. And the smaller size diamonds were not that much impacted in terms of price 
fall anyways. So, I think that there, again, we are looking at the demand happening and coming 
back.  
So, solitaires have grown in terms of prices, I think, around 4% to 5% from what it was maybe 
a month or 2 months back. And that is the good sign. Just the public news about diamonds, we 
had one of the Peer shutting down their lab-grown diamond company, which are small, small 
signal that they are also want to focus on growing their natural diamond business. 
 
So, this is how I think the market is playing out. Lab-grown diamonds will remain a segment to 
look at for the fashion segment and natural diamonds will be a segment to look at for your special 
occasions. And the small-sized diamonds are something that is selling even more in natural 
diamonds.  
And that in terms of design and how people bring out the concept, it will continue to be 
something to look at. And at such high level of gold price, let me tell you that purity in terms of 
14 and 18 carat will only grow and diamond jewellery should be growing at these high gold 
prices. So that is my take on it. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. Got it. And last question from my side. Suvankar, the growth rate of 18% to 20% looks 
relatively on conservative side given that we are seeing 30% increase in gold price on a Y-o-Y 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
basis. Plus 10% store addition you're planning to do for the entire year. So, your thoughts on 
this? 
Suvankar Sen: 
See, last year, if I say that we were INR 5,300 crore to INR 5,400 crore, and we had aimed for 
18% to 20% growth. And today, we ended the year close to INR 6,300 crore. So that is where 
we are saying that we will continue to commit in terms of what we feel is possible, and we will 
try to work hard towards achieving the numbers higher to that. 
 
But as far as the expectations are concerned, the gold prices have moved up. But we are also 
seeing that the volumes are not moving up yet unless the gold prices correct. And the consumers 
are looking at jewellery, which is of lighter weight and lower purity. So that is something that 
we need to also keep in mind. And the new stores will continue to get added. So, it will be 
wonderful if the growth rate is more than what we say. But for all of your analysis and numbers, 
I think 18% to 20% is a good number to begin with. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. Thank you Suvankar and team. Wishing you all the best for FY26. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Congratulations on a good execution and an encouraging margin outlook for FY26 as well. Sir, 
my question is on the growth capital, right. So, balance sheet is a bit stretched due to, obviously, 
there is a strong spike in gold prices and we are planning to add about 8 to 10 company-owned 
stores as well, right? So interestingly, with the QIP raise, the debt-to-equity ratio has now come 
down to 0.9x versus 1.1x last year.  
So I just wanted to check as in from a growth capital perspective, would debt be a more attractive 
option as of now because our balance sheet sort of allows us the leverage option? Or what is 
your thought process on the growth capital side? 
Suvankar Sen: 
So Devanshu, from a strategic point of view, obviously, we are aware that opening more and 
more franchisees is a much wiser thing to do and the correct thing to do in this kind of a scenario. 
And to give you a kind of perspective that there are a lot of inquiries that are getting generated 
in terms of franchisees also. We are analysing, checking locations, all kinds of analysis to get 
the right partners and franchisees. 
 
So, from a strategic point of view, it will always be better to open more franchisees than your 
company-owned, company-operated stores in this scenario. And that will be our plan. But if we 
need to open 18 to 20 stores, we will make sure that, keeping our policies in place, we will open 
minimum 10 franchisees. If that becomes 12, then obviously, we will have lesser number of 
company-owned company-operated stores of, say, 5 to 6.  
But we need to get the right partners to get that as well. So if I may say 8 to 10 company-owned 
company-operated stores and 8 to 10 franchisees, that number can become 6 and 13 or 14 as 
well. But the balance sheet stress in terms of taking more and more funds. One thing we feel is 
that in today's day and time, the gold prices have moved up by 30% to 40%.  

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
So the assets that we are holding in terms of the inventory at the stores, the value of those assets 
have gone up. But if you look at in terms of quantity of gold that is there at the stores and the 
stocks that are needed to be there to sell to the consumers, we are not building up higher 
quantities, but we are rather optimizing in ensuring that, that kind of product is kept at the store, 
which is most sellable.  
So that efficiency and optimization is continuously happening. And so that worry of the balance 
sheet building up is not really there. And yes, the sales team are focusing on building up more 
and more franchisees. But we will only inform to all of you on that as and when we are doing it. 
But as we begin the year, we will try to have a conservative approach of 8 to 10 own stores and 
8 to 10 franchisees. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, fair point. I just wanted to have some basic strategic thought process behind the debt-to-
equity comfort levels, right? So currently, obviously, we are at a suboptimal level versus the 
industry levels also. So as of now, since the cash is limited on the balance sheet, what is the 
comfortable level of debt-to-equity that the company would be targeting for?  
Sanjay Banka: 
Devanshu, if you look at the peak debt-to-equity, March '23, it was 1.7x, March '22 was 1.3x. 
And last year, it fell to 1.4x then 1.2x. So it is about what is right at a particular point of time. 
And this industry being highly cyclical, the decision has to be taken at a moment of time, but 
the decision has to be taken from the right perspective. 
 
I think if I give you a straight answer, we won't raise any funds by way of equity to meet any 
demand and pressure for growth. It will be managed from internal accruals and debt-equity ratio 
and continuous inventory efficiency improvement is the core mantra. So the CRM, hyperlocal 
inventory efficiency movement, improving inventory turn they will continue to be our strategic 
pillar to manage the growth aspirations. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
That is pretty clear, Mr. Banka. Secondly, I wanted to touch upon another aspect is around 
customer growth, right? So we have been expanding stores by almost 9% to 10%. But even if 
we look for the complete year, I guess, our customer growth or invoice growth has been about 
5% to 6%, right?  
So, Suvankar, how do you read this? I mean is this just because of inflated gold price? Because 
the general fear is also that this industry may lose its shield because customers are not coming, 
maybe they may need to lead for purchasing the jewellery and all those things. So what are the 
steps that the company is sort of taking to improve the customer level growth or the invoice level 
growth?  
Obviously, gold price increases, volume decreases; that is understandable. But what are the steps 
that, as a company we are taking to improve the invoice growth? 
Suvankar Sen: 
So Devanshu, it is how you're looking at it. So one is that the number of invoices has grown by 
5% to 6%. But if we look at the footfalls of the consumer with the new stores getting added or 
even in the same-store sales growth that we are seeing around 14% to 15% in terms of value, the 
footfalls have gone up by almost 16% to 17%. 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
 
So therefore, the perspective is that the consumers are becoming diverse. There is one set of 
consumers who are adding to any of the jewellery companies is the wedding customers. They 
have weddings in their family. So that consumer is coming, they're buying for their wedding or 
the family is buying jewellery, they're exchanging their old gold and taking a new design. So 
that is the one segment of customers. 
 
And the other segment of customers is where they are buying gold or diamond for their everyday 
wear basis or their special occasions. So that has been the diversity of the customer in terms of 
what they are coming and buying. Volumes have taken a hit because the gold prices have gone 
up about 30% to 35%.  
So people are looking at lighter-weight jewellery. But if I may say, it doesn't really change the 
broad perspective and fundamentals that, oh my God, prices have gone up, and we will lose 
customers. Jewellery is something that will continue to remain a very, very strong, I would say, 
segment for weddings, for gifting. 
 
And Devanshu, one more aspect that you are looking at for us, at least, we are also having a lot 
of other low ticket size options in terms of silver and fashion jewellery. So that has also been a 
great opportunity for us to keep on connecting with the customers. If I look at silver as a category, 
while we have spoken of gold and diamonds, we have seen that the silver utensils and silver 
items and jewellery has grown by almost 20% and above in terms of volume as well.  
So there has been that as a segment also, where consumers are coming and buying in small ticket 
sizes. We are exploring opportunities of having shop-in-shops in various departmental stores, 
keeping our silver jewellery segment there. So I don't see it as a worry. We just need to solve 
the problem of the customer, of creating jewellery, which is within their ticket size and budget.  
So, footfalls have been mostly growing. And again, I'm telling you that 21% growth in terms of 
footfalls, even in this challenging time. Therefore, what is happening is that when the prices 
suddenly shoot up, we see less footfall at the stores. But when the prices correct or there is a 
special occasion happening, then we see that everyone wants to buy during that period of time.  
So I think that we need not worry on the way that you are looking at. We just need to wait for 
the right time, be ready for the right moment. And I think coming this Q2, in this scenario, we 
need to expect a very positive monsoon. And once the festive season started, so this time, the 
Navratri start in the end of September, Diwali is in the middle of October.  
So once we are over with, say, July, from August onwards, the festive will start, and we are very 
positive and optimistic about the festive season. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. Sir, just last small follow-up here. As in gold prices have sort of moderated a bit. 
So can you shed some light as in, is Q1 so far trending in line with the 18% to 20% expectation 
for FY26? Just small comments? 
Suvankar Sen: 
Yes, yes. Devanshu, I had said it in my speech as well. So we are growing at around 18% to 
19% as we are towards the end of May. This time in April, we had a very good Akshaya Tritiya 
and New Year. Therefore, it has been a very strong number, and that is how it is. 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Very clear, sir. All the best for the coming years ahead. Thank you so much for taking my 
question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the advertisement and marketing spend for the quarter. 
Because our revenue grew 21% on a Y-o-Y basis for this quarter, but our other expenses have 
fallen 13%. So what has driven lower other expenses? If you can provide some clarity on that 
front? 
Suvankar Sen: 
Advertisement expenses have fallen, right? Is that what you're saying? 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Yes. I just want to understand because advertisement is a major component, right? 
Sanjay Banka: 
Yes. So Bhavya, if you look at our total advertisement expenditure, which was INR 103 crore 
last year, it has increased to INR 106 crore, right? So see, this is one expenditure of the 
investment where the management had its discretion, and it is calibrated based upon market 
demand, right? So if we see there is a good demand, then there is no need to spend money. So 
our expenditure is less than 2%. It has increased. Your question is on the quarter versus last 
quarter versus this quarter? 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Sanjay Banka: 
I'm giving response. I'm on Slide number 42, serial number 4, and you are comparing the fourth 
line. So INR 31 crore last year versus INR 17 crore last year, right -- this year. So, actually, it is 
not exactly comparable. There are timings of expenditure. And sometimes if I have already done 
the brand building in Q3, so there is no need to spend exactly in Q4.  
It is a very dynamic expenditure. If I have incurred a good BTL outside Bengal ahead of the 
entire year, I will not spend in current year. So we prefer to look this expenditure for the whole 
year. Every expenditure is not same on a quarter basis. So you can look at HR expenditure in 
the quarter, revenue for the quarter, but not the marketing expenditure. 
Suvankar Sen: 
And also in Q3, we had the Navratri, the festivals, the wedding, everything was there in Q3. And 
we wanted to ensure that in Q4, we bring in more efficiency. And we could see that there was 
an automatic traction from the consumer side in January and February. So we were very 
conscious of bringing efficiency, and we controlled the budget accordingly. So that's how we 
looked at it. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Got it. And sir, just wanted to understand the unhedged portion, which is there in our books 
basically. And if you can just provide a scenario in which if the gold price remains stagnated or 
if they are falling, do we see any inventory loss on our books? I understand majority is hedged, 
but on the unhedged portion, how much is it at the moment? And if you can throw some light 
on the gold price movement? 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Sanjay Banka: 
Bhavya, we have discussed a lot about our hedging policy strategy. I would like to request that 
you kindly look at our detailed document. But to give you an answer, we've always said we are 
60% to 80% hedged, right? Sometimes it can cross 80% also. And that is at the inventory level. 
 
So there are two aspects of hedging. One is on the inventory level hedging. So when we talk 
about the losses on the inventory, there will be no loss. It will be an unrealised loss, unrealised 
gain if the position is squared up in the next quarter. The question is whether, whatever gold you 
have sold in the current quarter, assuming a 6-ton of gold sales, assuming a 1,500 kg of gold 
sold in a quarter, whether you have purchased the same quantity or not.  
If I sell gold at a higher price and purchase at a lower price, then there will be an unusual 
realisation gain, which will go into the gross margin, right? So there is no unusual inventory 
gains or losses or realisation gains or losses. So let us look at the hedging as a part of our gross 
margin as an integral to our business and not as a separate activity. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
No. So I mean, logically asking, say, for example, if next 1 or 2 years, if gold prices remain 
stagnated. I understand that you replenish the quantity of gold in terms of kg. That is the right 
understanding. Is it right? But if the gold prices remain, if you can just throw some light on the 
demand, how does the demand move in a gold price downward scenario? And overall, maybe 
for 2 years, how do we see the gross margins or EBITDA margins for that intermittent period? 
Sanjay Banka: 
So if the gold price falls, there will be immediate demand because customers will come in 
droves, right? Those who have purchased will remain in shock. But if the gold price remains 
stagnant, stable prices, then the demand will increase. And in stagnant prices, the hedging impact 
will be lesser. It will give you a more stable gross margin. So in case of stable gold prices, the 
gross margin will be stable.  
In case of volatile gold prices, there may be a timing gap in the gross margin despite best of the 
effort, and they can move from one quarter to another. But over a period of 3 to 4 quarters, you 
will see a smooth margin. So to answer your question, we look at a stable EBITDA margin of 
whatever our MD has said, 6.8% to 7.2%.  
If I can make it slightly better, 7% to 7.5%. So we look at a 7% to 7.5% every quarter, but it may 
not happen. But if you look at 3 to 4 quarters, it will surely happen. And that is the past trend. 
So the only anomaly which we saw in the  Q2 and Q3 this year was due to the customs duty 
impact. So that's why you saw a slightly lesser EBITDA margin, which has become stable in the 
current quarter. 
 
There may be a very one-off impact, let's say, the diamond sale is lower or if there is one season 
where you have to offer a bigger discount. So that's all. But 7% to 7.5% EBITDA margin, one 
can very comfortably build in the model. That's our understanding. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Fair enough. Thank you so much. I will get back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Satyajit Sen from Value Research. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Satyajit Sen: 
I just had a couple of questions. First of all, what percentage of the inventory do we get from 
third-party manufacturing? 
Sanjay Banka: 
Third party, if you look at our presentation, third party is around 20% to 21%. If you look at our 
quarterly presentation, you will find that number. Around 20% to 21% we buy traded jewellery, 
the balance around 70% to 75% is from the karigars. So, in-house manufacturing is 4% to 5%. 
Satyajit Sen: 
All right. So another simple question is that some of the third-party manufacturers, one of them 
is listed, is earning around net margins of around 2% to 3%, similar to our company. So my 
simple question is that why don't we do our own manufacturing, I mean, to add to our own 
margins? 
Suvankar Sen: 
So we are doing our own manufacturing to a certain extent. But in order to get the variety of 
designs and every manufacturer has their own strong USPs in terms of designing and style, and 
category of jewellery. So like, for example, sitting with our head office in Kolkata, I have always 
said that we have a big strength in terms of getting access to our karigars.  
And for the industry, I think in the long run, that will give us an edge because most of the karigars 
working across the country come from the villages and small towns in and around Kolkata. So 
that is a strength in which we are strong in handcrafted jewellery and the access to karigars.  
But again, in terms of designing, machinery, and certain new technology, there are other players 
who have invested in those. So we need to get that variety and design from them. But parallelly 
also as a company, we have our own units and factory, which is trying its level best to utilise its 
full capacity and make machine-made and modern jewellery along with the handcrafted 
jewellery that we are making from the job workers.  
So it's there very much in our plan, but it cannot happen overnight. It is going to be a gradual 
process. 
Satyajit Sen: 
All right. today, it's 5%. Are we planning to increase it to about 10% to 20% maybe in future? 
Sanjay Banka: 
No, no, I don't think so. As the volume increases, it will be a matter of time, but we have said it 
will be 5%, maximum 5%. I'm looking at one of the other players. So your question was why 
not manufacturing? So a B2B business is at risk of trade receivable, okay? So if you look at the 
one other such player, 80% of their net worth is stuck in trade receivable, 80% of net worth, 
okay? So that is one. 
 
So it is a matter of cash flow also, then there are other issues. I think everyone has a business 
strategy, we feel that we are very comfortable. We have run this business. We have competence 
and expertise in our business. We don't look here and there. And we have a huge opportunity in 
the current business itself.  
We are looking at INR 90 billion market. A B2C market is always better. It is valued more 
because you have a direct reach to the customer, vis-a-vis a B2B business where you are 
dependent on a retailer. So I think that is where the market places more value on any business 
which has direct reach and connection to the customer. 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Suvankar Sen: 
And from a supply chain perspective, we are only going to grow in the future. We will need 
stocks in a timely manner. We will need the hyperlocal design as we grow across the country. 
So there are pluses and minuses, we need to balance it, but we will need the support of all our 
fellow vendors whom we consider as vendor partners and we will need to grow together. That 
is how we are looking at it. 
Satyajit Sen: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand the diamond portion of the inventory. Would it be roughly 10%? 
Sanjay Banka: 
The diamond component accounts for approximately 13% to 14% of the total inventory. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right. And sir, this big fall in the diamond prices in the third quarter, which we saw, would we 
have written down the inventory in the third quarter or was that included in our hedging loss of 
INR 90 crore that you stated in third quarter? 
Sanjay Banka: 
No. See, first of all, hedging is done only on gold and not on diamonds. Secondly, the big fall, 
which you are talking about, has not happened in the Star and Melle category, which we sell. 
So, almost 85% to 90% of our diamonds are below 0.10 cent to 0.12 cent. There, the price fall 
has not happened. Price fall has happened in a higher-end, let's say, solitaire. And even if I call 
0.30 cent, 0.40 solitaire in that category, it has happened. 
 
So we have not taken any hit on the diamond inventory. Rather, last year, we increased our 
diamond prices. We've already grown almost 39% plus in  Q4. This quarter, we are also growing. 
So there is no question of us taking any hit on the diamond price. We have rather built up our 
diamond inventory during this crisis time. Our strategy is entirely different. When the market 
goes a different way, we take a controlling view to take the leadership position. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right, sir. Sir, my second question was just again related to this hit in the third quarter that we 
had of exceptional hit. So that was a hedging loss on the gold jewellery, is what you have? 
Sanjay Banka: 
See, in Q2 and  Q3, we have taken a hit of customs duty, and most of the other players have 
taken a custom duty hit.  
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Apart from that? 
Sanjay Banka: 
Apart from that, I will once again restate the same thing that we do hedging as a part of our 
business, and we will continue to do hedging. Hedging will always have an impact. We don't 
call hedging impact a loss. So when the gold price rises, due to the price rise, we will have a 
realization gain. And since we are doing hedging, there will be an adverse impact due to the 
hedging.  
We don't want to call it a loss. It's a part of the price rise gain and the hedging impact. And 
hence, you have to look at the gross margin and EBITDA from that perspective. Yes, our 
EBITDA margin has fluctuated earlier, which we've explained in detail, but it was 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
disproportionate due to custom duty, it has stabilized, and we are hopeful and confident and we'll 
try to give a very stable EBITDA margin to the market, but it will all depend upon the extent 
and momentum of volatility. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right. And sir, I wanted to know what is the promoter stakes? I'm having calculating that? 
Sanjay Banka: 
Promoter stake has been disclosed in our quarterly presentation. It is 64.33%, Kindly go to our 
quarterly presentation. It is 64.33% on Slide number 45. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right. And sir, lastly, the franchisee stores, the stud ratio is lower there. So I wanted to 
understand what the outlook is on the stud ratio. Also in Tier 3 and 4, you're seeing more growth. 
So will that not impact the stud ratio negatively? 
Sanjay Banka: 
See, the stud ratio, what we informed you is that 10.9% is a blend of own-store and franchisee 
store and a blend of various zones. So in one of the calls earlier, we said that our own-store stud 
ratio is around 14%, if I remember correctly, 13.5% to 14% and obviously, franchisee is working 
in Tier 3 and Tier 4. So there, the diamond demand will be less, right? So 12.2% and 8.6% will 
be blended. 
 
Incidentally, we have opened a store in the Central region, where the franchisee's stud ratio 
stands at 17%. That is only a single store, okay? Otherwise, in West Bengal, East and Northeast 
is around 8.5%. But our own-store, Delhi NCR, is 15.3%. While my national average is 12.2%, 
Delhi NCR is 15.3%, and my Chandigarh store is very high.  
Even in Kolkata, the store is very high. So we clearly look at a very good stud ratio. It can go up 
to 18% also, while very conservatively, we are saying 15% in the next 3 to 4 years. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And the new store openings will be primarily in North or other regions? 
Suvankar Sen: 
Primarily, The new stores opening will be a combination of North and East. So we say that 70% 
to 80% of the stores will be in North and East of India and the remaining 20% of the stores will 
be in the West and South of India. So that is how we will be focusing on the growth part because 
as one of the strongest players in the Eastern part of the country, we will want to penetrate deeper 
and deeper into the Tier 2, 3, 4 towns and cities of the East.  
And North being our next core focus area, through owned stores and franchisees, we will 
penetrate into the Northern part of the country. So that is how we select. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
In FY25… 
Moderator: 
Pallavi I am so sorry to interrupt may we request you to rejoin the queue for further questions.  
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the last question from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Deepak Lalwani: 
So first question was on Melorra. We entered this master franchisee agreement. So if you can 
explain how the business model will work, how many offline stores, and how is it online? 
Secondly, any investment that we need to do on the store inventory, etcetera? And is there a plan 
to take up shareholding in this company? This is the first question. 
Suvankar Sen: 
So I just talked about the agreement. It's a short-term agreement that we have done. And here, 
as a master franchisee, we are managing the stores. You have to understand the strategic 
initiative that we are taking in an effort to connect and target the new generation Genz/millennial 
customers. So that is the strategic focus. And also through that focus area, we want to increase 
our diamond jewellery sales and the stud ratio. 
 
So as a company, with that broad thought process, of acquiring new customers, new generation 
customers, increasing the diamond jewellery sales, we are taking various efforts and initiatives, 
and this is one such effort and initiative. Through the master franchise agreement, this is like 
one of those types of stores and it is only lightweight, fast-moving, everyday wear jewellery with 
a higher share of diamond-studded jewellery.  
Yes, we will continue to invest in and expand the creation and production of diamond-studded 
jewellery. And with this high gold price, as I said, we are looking at 14-carat jewellery that is 
selling more, 18-carat jewellery selling more for office wear, everyday wear. And I think that is 
where we want to explore the opportunities through this strategic tie-up with Melorra. 
 
And as far as your question on the future is concerned, I think that all I can tell you is that we 
are doing due diligence, and this is just a short understanding that we have done with them. But 
on further due diligence and analysis, we will take a future decision. So that is how we would 
like to look at it. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Okay. Understood. And if any further decision is taken on this, what kind of capital investment 
would it be? Do you think that we will be requiring to invest in reviving the brand because this 
brand has not been in the market for the last 2 to 3 years? So what kind of investment that is 
one? 
 
And any impact on financials that we should expect because this is loss-making currently? Any 
impact on Senco consolidated financials that we should expect because of the losses in Melorra 
in FY26? 
Sanjay Banka: 
See, this is a UPSI information. At this juncture, these are strategic numbers. We will not be able 
to share the numbers. Let the bridge come, then we'll cross it. 
Suvankar Sen: 
As and when things and decisions are taken, we will keep updating the market. So I think this is 
too early to expect or forecast how anything will happen. So let us wait and then rest assured, as 
and when things happen, we will have a discussion and update you on the same. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Understood. Sir, on the balance sheet part, the debt and inventory, I understand that it's seasonal, 
but how much more debt and inventory should we expect and budget for the new stores for the 
full year? 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Sanjay Banka: 
We are currently looking at an additional working capital requirement of approximately INR 
300 to INR 400 crore. Based on our projected PAT, a debt-to-equity ratio in the range of 1:1 to 
1.2 is considered comfortable. However, this remains subject to fluctuations in market prices. 
So when you compare the debt working inventory value, optically, it has increased by INR 821 
crore. But a major part of it, almost INR 500 crore out of this is due to rate variance. So out of 
INR 821 crore, INR 500 crore is only due to rate variance. INR 321 crore is on account of new 
stores and diamonds. 
 
So very clearly, now this impact has come on the balance sheet, which last year was funded by 
our QIP funds and borrowing. So if the gold prices remain stable, which we expect them to 
remain in the range of INR 3,300 to INR 3,500 for FY26, I think maximum INR 350 crore 
incremental borrowing is what you can look for. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Understood. Sir, last question on the volume growth in diamond that we saw in this quarter, is 
it like a onetime phenomenon? Or are we seeing growth continuing in Q1 as well? Why I'm 
asking this is because has lab-grown given a setback or has volatility in the price given a setback? 
So just wanted to understand the growth outlook in the diamond sales? 
Sanjay Banka: 
See, the diamond price definitely in Q4 was disproportionate because there was no growth in the 
earlier quarters. And despite this growth, the stud ratio has remained in the range of 10.8% to 
10.9%, which is similar to the last year. So while the value growth has happened, but the volume 
growth is only, I think, some 3% to 4% overall. 
 
Similarly, lab-grown diamond, I think one more large player has talked about entering into lab-
grown diamond. But long term, we feel that lab-grown diamonds will create a new set of 
aspirants who will ultimately convert into a real diamond. So overall, as we said, total 18% to 
20% growth, obviously, 14% to 15% SSG. So this growth has to be contributed by gold and 
diamonds both. 
 
So on a safe level, a maximum 15% to 20% diamond growth we can look at, which will purely 
be driven by the volume. Price increase will not happen. So we can look at 15% to 20% diamond 
volume growth. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Understood. Sir, on that number, if you disclose what is our Q4 and FY25 gold and diamond 
volume growth separately for Q4 and FY25? 
Suvankar Sen: 
So the Q4 FY25, volume growth in gold was minus 6%, but the volume growth in diamond was 
21%. So that is the Q4 numbers. 
Sanjay Banka: 
And sir, full year number I have, full year number gold volume is around minus 3% overall, 
which means around 38% price rise, 21% value rise, around 3% volume degrowth in the full 
year and 2% diamond volume growth. So this 2% diamond volume growth is not fully to our 
expectations. We look at around, as I said, 15% to 20% volume growth. Otherwise, the growth 
has to come by increasing the prices, for which the opportunity is not much. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Just wanted to continue on that. Where will the new store openings be -- sorry, where were the 
new store openings happened in FY25? Which Tier 3 or was it more on metro... 
Suvankar Sen: 
The new store is happening, ma'am, out of the 16 stores that we opened, 6 were franchisees that 
happened in the smaller towns because that's where most of our franchisees are opening. And 1 
Sennes store was in the metro city. And the remaining 8 to 9 stores that we opened have been in 
the East India, Kolkata, Delhi NCR, and Pune. 
Sanjay Banka: 
Gwalior also we opened, Varanasi Bhelupur, we've opened. 
Suvankar Sen: 
Varanasi Bhelupur is a Tier 2 city. So, but focusing on East and North India. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Would it be fair to say that it was more metro and Tier 1, the own stores? 
Suvankar Sen: 
No, not more metro and Tier 1. I think that 6 stores were in Tier 2, 3, 4. 6 to 8 stores in Tier 1, 
Delhi NCR, Kolkata, in and around Kolkata suburbs. That is how you have to look at it. As a 
franchisee model that we want to grow, again, the strategy is to focus on the smaller towns. So 
that is the way that we want to penetrate the market. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And this Everlite store will be totally different, right, from the guidance that you've given? 
Suvankar Sen: 
Yes, we recently opened an Everlite store in Ranchi, and in April, we also launched one at the 
Andheri Metro Station. The Everlite store format is designed either as a franchisee or company-
owned model, with a focus on everyday wear and lightweight jewellery. These stores primarily 
cater to the INR 20,000 to INR 50,000 price range, with a ticket size generally below INR 1 
lakh, and a product mix comprising 50% to 60% diamond-studded jewellery. This reflects our 
strategic approach for the Everlite store format. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
So that's not included in the 16 number, right? The store number? 
Suvankar Sen: 
It is in the 16 numbers. Ma'am in the 16 number, the Everlite store is there. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Okay. So how many Everlite stores are there in FY25? 
Suvankar Sen: 
How many Everlite store was total there in FY25, Banka ji? 
Suvankar Sen: 
4 to 5 Everlite stores. We will let him confirm the number. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And this number will be constant in FY26 also? 
Sanjay Banka: 
So Everlite store is 5, which we have disclosed on Slide number 16. No, Everlite stores will 
increase. See, it makes sense as we look for lower ticket items, as you want to reach to the 
youngsters and Gen Z and millennials, we have to find where they are staying. Are they living 
in the big housing society or are they on the field?  
So that way focus will also be Everlite. You can look at 3 to 4 more Everlite stores out of 20. So 
20 is a conservative number. Everlite, our inventory exposure is lower. So if you like, we have 
opened in Andheri Station, we can open more. 

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And inventory would be about INR 5 crore to INR 6 crores? 
Sanjay Banka: 
Yes. I request you and other esteemed guests on this call to kindly grace and visit our Andheri 
Metro, the Everlite stores, where you will get a fairly good idea. We have got other stores as 
well in Andheri, Lokhandwala. That will help you get a better understanding of our business 
model. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right. I saw it on the website, nice collection there. Just wanted to understand what any revenue 
targets for this for the next few years for Everlite? 
Suvankar Sen: 
Ma'am, we are not having any separate revenue target for Everlite. We are right now putting it 
in within the target, but these are the strategies with which we want to increase our diamond stud 
ratio. So we haven't specified any particular number yet. But then those stores have their own 
targets. So as and when the scaling up of the stores will happen and we get set with the business 
model further strengthened, we will start sharing these separate revenue targets for Everlite. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And the pricing, I mean, CaratLane, BlueStone, that would be the peer set, right? 
Suvankar Sen: 
That would be the pricing in terms of the overall kind of designs and products that are there. But 
in terms of the further breakups, if we get into it, we will stay more competitive than our 
competition. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Sanjay Banka: 
We thank you all, and we are very happy and pleased to report our results. As we said, the 
EBITDA margin is stable. We continue to look at growth. We continue to look at all the KPIs, 
particularly return on equity and return on capital employed and are cognizant of our 
responsibility to give a superior return, which we will continue to work on by calibrating the 
various business levers, financial, operational, and customer as well. So with that, a lot of thanks 
from our side and a concluding comment from our MD. 
Suvankar Sen: 
So thank you all for joining the call. Once again, to summarise that our Q4 numbers compared 
to the previous year's Q4 have remained very strong, with the revenue up by 21%. The EBITDA 
went up by more than 44% on the previous year's quarter to this year's quarter. And we have 
seen that with the increased diamond stud ratio, our margin for Q4 has also improved from 7.7% 
to 9.2%. 
 
Therefore, I think that the importance in today's time is to stay and remain focused. We are aware 
of the various levers that will drive the business growth and the business profitability. And we 
are well conscious of the fact that in the increasing gold price, we need to create designs as per 
the need and the budget of the consumers, which we are very much doing and our sales team is 
engaging with the consumers.  

 
 
Senco Gold Limited
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
And as we enter this new financial year, we have shared with you our ideas, expectations, plans, 
and we are confident that we will achieve the numbers in top line and the bottom line with the 
effort that we are making. So thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, we conclude this 
conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. For financials, nos, and 
details, refer to the investor presentation. 
 
