 To, 
 The Listing Department 
 The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
  Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
  Mumbai – 400051 
June 17,2025 
To, 
The Corporate Relations Department 
The BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001.       
Ref:- Scrip Code:- 500126 
  Ref:- Symbol:- PGHL 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Analysts/Institutional Investors – Outcome of the meeting 
This has reference to the virtual connect with analysts/ institutional investors held on 
Monday, June 16, 2025 at 2:30 p.m. (IST). Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a link to the recording of the 
meeting 
is 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at: 
https://www.pghealthindia.com/investors/#analyst-investors-meeting  
Further, enclosed below is the transcript of the above meeting with analysts/ institutional 
investors, copy of the same is also made available on the website of the Company. 
Kindly take the same on record.  
Thanking you. 
For Procter & Gamble Health Limited 
Zeal Rupani 
Company Secretary 
Zeal 
Bhavin 
Rupani
Digitally signed 
by Zeal Bhavin 
Rupani 
Date: 2025.06.17 
10:12:35 +05'30'

 
 
Procter & Gamble Health Limited 
Investors & Analysts’ Call 
June 16, 2025 
Start Time: 2:30 P.M. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. Milind ThaƩe, Managing Director 
Mr. Lokesh Chandak, Chief Financial Oﬃcer 
Ms. Zeal Rupani, Moderator, Investor RelaƟons 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Ms. Zeal Rupani: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Procter and Gamble Health Ltd.’s Investors and Analysts Call. 
Thank you for joining us today. Today we will begin with presentation by the management of the company on 
the company's performance, results, strategies, and business outlook. 
We have received questions submitted by the participants at the time of registration of the call. The management 
will address the questions received after the presentation. 
Let me introduce our presenters for today. We have on the call, Milind Thatte, Managing Director of the Company 
and Lokesh Chandak, Chief Financial Officer. 
All participants are placed on mute and can participate in the Listen only mode. 
Please note that during the course of the call, the presentation and information shared by the management may 
include forward looking statements. This may include words, phrases, numbers that set forth anticipated results 
based on management’s current plans and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are based on current 
expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied in those statements. The Company cautions investors that any such 
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that actual events or results may differ 
materially from those statements. Actual events or results may differ materially because of factors that affect 
international businesses and global economic conditions, as well as matters specific to the Company and the 
markets it serves. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. 
With that, I now handover to Milind Thatte, for the management presentation.  
 
Mr. Milind Thatte: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call. It is our pleasure to interact with all of you. Today, 
I shall take you through the work that we have been leading at Procter and Gamble Health Ltd., and what we 
have accomplished in the last fiscal year. 
 
Let me start by taking you through our fiscal results for the year. 
 
We have delivered strong and balanced growth in a challenging operating and macroeconomic environment. 
Effective this year, the Company has changed its Financial Year from July 1 – June 30, to April 1 – March 31. 
Accordingly, the current Financial Year of the Company ended on March 31, 2025, covering a period of 9 months 
from July 1, 2024, to March 31, 2025. 
 
For the 9-month fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, we reported sales of Rs. 918 crore, up 8% versus the comparable 
9-month period last year. Profit after tax was Rs. 234 crores, up 27% versus the comparable period last year.  
 
These results have been driven by the execution of our Integrated Growth Strategy.  
 
Portfolio, superiority, productivity, constructive disruption, and an empowered, agile and accountable 
organization - all in service of our consumers, customers, employees, society, and our shareowners. 
 
These strategic choices reinforce and build on each other. When executed well, they grow markets – creating 
business – which, in turn, grows our share, sales, consumer preference and profit.   
 
Importantly, this strategy is inherently dynamic. It adapts to the changing needs of consumers, customers, and 
society. It demands that we do not sit still. 
  
Let me take you through some highlights of how we bring this strategy to life. 
 

 
 
I would like to start by sharing more on our consumer health portfolio. Combining Science with Deep Consumer 
and patient Understanding, we are committed to deliver quality, trusted, and highly recommended superior 
products for a healthy lifestyle and improved quality of life.  
 
We certainly believe that in these categories - performance plays a significant role in brand choice, and thus our 
focus remains on offering irresistible superiority to our consumers and healthcare practitioners. 
 
Our healthcare portfolio is designed to delight consumers through our offering of vitamins, minerals, and 
supplement products for a healthy lifestyle and improved quality of life. 
 
Our recognized and trusted brands such as Neurobion, Livogen, Seven Seas, Evion, Polybion and Nasivion have 
been helping generations of consumers live healthier and more vibrant lives.  
 
Our Portfolio continues to be relevant with superior product quality, widespread availability, and always-on 
communication. 
 
You may have come across our new Brand Communication on Neurobion and Evion designed to help consumers 
understand and identify symptoms such as Nerve pain, Vitamin Deficiency and muscle relief & seek timely 
treatment for improved Quality of life. 
 
With Doctors & Pharmacists, our effort is to keep them updated with scientific and technical data, to help them in 
making recommendations.  
 
Our next strategy element is our ongoing commitment to - and investment in - irresistible superiority.  This is how 
we delight our consumers! 
Our strategic choice of superiority is reflected through innovation across the five vectors of product, package, 
brand communication, retail execution and value holistically defined. No one vector of superiority can carry the 
day by itself. It's all five working together.  
 
Superior performing products in superior packages provide noticeably better benefits to consumers. They become 
aware of and learn about these products through superior brand communications. This comes to life in stores and 
online with superior retail execution and delivers superior consumer value at a price that is considered worth it 
across each price tier where we compete.  
   
We are always listening to what our consumers need & incorporate insights across our product formulations, 
packaging, and communication to better serve consumer needs. 
 
We look at superiority as a never-ending challenge and opportunity, and we invest to raising the bar on our 
superiority standards in response to consumer needs and changes in our industry. 
 
Let’s take a look at what we are doing to build capabilities in the said vectors of superiority.  
 
Neurobion has been the trusted partner for Nerve Health for many and it continues to be the trusted partner for 
providing Vitamin B towards nerve health management in relieving associated symptoms such as tingling, 
numbness and weakness. 
 
Given that Vitamin B plays an essential role in maintaining nerve health, its deficiency can have long-term 
consequences, including nerve damage. Our superior product, offering 3 times the strength of B vitamins, presents 
an effective solution to help individuals address and manage this deficiency and maintain nerve health. The 
superior packaging creates the perfect First Moment of Truth with consumers, reinforcing the delightful 
experience as they encounter our products.  
 
With Neurobion Forte, we have improved this moment for our consumers, with enhanced cues on the product, 
benefit, ingredients, symptoms and dosage recommendations - all enabling our consumers to choose the right 
product to meet their needs, at a glance.  
 
Superior retail execution via better display across retail stores, enhanced customer value via trade activations and 
superior HCP engagement through scientific symposiums help bring the vectors of superiority to life. 

 
 
 
To ensure our consumers take note of their symptoms, we roped in legendary Bollywood actor – Mr. Amitabh 
Bachchan to bring attention to this condition and encourage early intervention, through his trusted voice.  
Let us take a look at our new communication 
<Video played> 
 
While the role of Vitamin E has been synonymous with cell health, we now want to highlight the role of its rich 
antioxidants towards muscle health.  
 
We have been able to bring this to life for Evion, again via our 5 Vectors of Superiority – including a superior 
product with rich antioxidants, in a superior package, demonstrating superior customer value through our trade 
channels, continuous superior HCP engagement  and superior retail execution – by optimizing physical and 
digital shelf space 
 
Superior communication requires each of our brands to optimize 3 things: 
1. 
Reach, by presenting our messages in the right forums at just the right frequency 
2. 
Effectiveness, by, delivering compelling messages that attract consumers to our brands, and 
3. 
Efficiency, by ensuring we’re executing our advertising plans at the best possible value. 
 
Our superior brand communication on unpause with Evion highlights the role of antioxidants towards repairing 
and protecting muscles, thereby helping to unpause your fitness routine and lead a healthier life. 
 
Let’s see how we brought that to life. 
 
<Video played> 
 
Success in an industry like ours can be achieved if we embrace agility with a constructive disruption mindset. For 
us, it translates to a willingness to change, adapt and create new trends, technologies and capabilities that will 
shape the future of our industry. We are focused on leading disruption in a constructive way that delivers better 
outcomes and creates value for consumers, customers, employees, society, and share owners. 
 
Our focus on superiority extends to retail execution, where we are developing models, tools and capabilities to 
win across all avenues, be it the physical shelf or the digital shelf. We partner with distributors to ensure product 
availability and are also supporting them in building strong selling capabilities.  
 
We are working on initiatives aimed at increasing our Coverage in Rural Areas 
and learning and leveraging e commerce to broaden the availability of our portfolio. 
 
The strategic need to keep investing in superiority, coupled with the ongoing need to drive balanced top- and 
bottom-line growth, including margin expansion, underscore the importance of ongoing productivity.  
 
We have developed a strong productivity muscle over the years. Productivity is embedded in our operating model 
and is embraced in every part of our operation. 
 
Specifically last year, through our productivity interventions, P&G Health achieved savings of more than Rs. 40 
crores. That is the fuel that allows us to reinvest in superiority across the five vectors and stay ahead of what 
consumers want. Along with that we accelerate productivity to capture the strong growth opportunities ahead of 
us. 
 
Organization is an integral part of our Integrated Growth Strategy. After all, it is our people who deliver and 
execute these strategies. Our organization is designed to enable our people to focus on our biggest opportunities 
for growth — fully empowered, agile, and accountable. 
 
SEHAT, our flagship CSR & Public Health program continues to create impact at the grassroots, addressing 
diverse Public Health Needs across the spectrum of Age, Gender, Geographies and Communities in India. 
 
Since its inception, SEHAT has been invested in the areas of healthcare accessibility and interventions.  

 
 
 
We have partnered with renowned organizations to enable last mile access to health to underserved communities 
across India through our Mobile Health Care Units 
 
Preventive & Promotive Health requires Continued Awareness, Education and Behavioural Change. Through our 
community intervention programs with reputed partners, we are working on Maternal & child health, Nutrition 
and Anemia prevention programs across different states 
 
I am happy to present a short film on our SEHAT’s Mobile Healthcare Units.  
 
We have received very positive feedback from healthcare practitioners on the work being done by the Company 
through SEHAT for Public Health Awareness, Diagnoses and Access. 
 
<Video played> 
 
We believe that the best path forward remains to execute our dynamic, market-constructive – Integrated Growth 
Strategy.  
 
We call this an integrated strategy for a reason. Each element is incredibly important.  
 
The real advantage comes from being able to do all of these things at the same time – that’s what we remain 
committed to, towards sustained excellence in service to all our stakeholders. 
 
With that I handover to our CFO- Lokesh Chandak.  
 
Lokesh Chandak: 
 
Thank You, Milind! Good afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen. My name is Lokesh Chandak and I’m the CFO, 
Procter and Gamble Health Ltd. 
 
Milind spoke about our Integrated Growth Strategy and how it is making a difference to our business results. You 
also saw 8% sales and 27% structural profit growth delivered for the past year. At this point, I would like to reflect 
the results over a longer period. I will also share with you our view on the recent trends and outlook for the 
industry. Of course, many of you sent over questions, which I will address during my section. 
 
Our Integrated Growth Strategy is working for us. We have delivered consistent high single digit sales growth 
over the past 5 years despite market volatility, Go to Market changes and discontinuation of some products. At 
the same time, we have delivered an average profit growth of 9% behind our productivity efforts and maximizing 
return on assets. Our return on equity has increased 3 times during this period. All of this reflects in our net profit 
margin expansion by 200 basis points over this period. 
 
Our absolute sales and profit over past 5 years are ~1.4 times and 1.5 times respectively in a period where we 
transformed across product portfolio, manufacturing operations and Go to market model. This demonstrates our 
resilience and consistent execution of our strategy. 
 
The Company is creating significant shareholder value over last 10 years reflecting the consistency of business 
result delivery.  
 
Before I address some of your questions, I want to talk about the external landscape and some evolving trends. 
 
The Vitamin Mineral & Supplement category showed steady growth, mainly behind pricing but with flat volume. 
The Category saw acceleration in E-commerce channel with E pharmacy platforms like 1MG, Pharmeasy, 
Netmeds etc. focusing on user acquisition.  
 
Interestingly, other new age formats are gaining traction vs traditional formats like tablets/capsules. Lifestyle 
related diseases are growing behind change in food habits, sedentary lifestyle, sleeping patterns and the likes. 
 

 
 
I’m now going to move to the Q&A session. Thank you to everyone who took out the time to share the questions 
with us in advance. 
We will take questions in groups, as there are many common themes in the questions you have shared with us. 
Please note, we will refrain from sharing anything that is unpublished, price sensitive or confidential to protect 
the competitive advantage. 
You may be aware and have questions about P&G’s global announcement made last week on acceleration of 
P&G's growth and value creation.  Productivity is not new to P&G - it is an essential strategic choice that fuels 
every element of its integrated growth strategy. As announced, business units and regional-specific plans are 
under development and, therefore, we do not have any additional information to share at the moment. 
With this let’s get started with our first set of questions. 
The first set of questions are around Sales, Distribution and Go To Market (GTM). Siddhant Khandekar from 
ICICI securities asked about the changes in distribution model. Paresh Sangani from Clubmillionaire 
Financial Services Private Limited, asked about the detailed impact of the new GTM. Similar questions were 
received from Saurabh Shroff from QRC Investment Advisors, Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital,  Ravi 
Purohit from Securities Investment Management Pvt Ltd and Vishal Manchanda from Systematics. 
- 
As many of you have noted, we have deployed a transformed go to market model, with a strong super 
distributor network.  Our endeavour, through this change and even otherwise, has been to always  look 
for opportunities and better engage with all our stakeholders – including Customers and HCPs. We want 
to deliver a superior customer value. At the same time, we want to ensure that consumers and patients 
are able to find our products where they want to buy from. The new distributor model enables us to do 
exactly that.  We believe that this is a model of the future, enabling us to grow distribution, ensure service 
excellence through the channel and enable superior retail execution and HCP engagement. Success in an 
industry like ours can be achieved if we embrace agility with a constructive disruption mindset. For us, it 
translates to a willingness to change, adapt and create new trends, technologies and capabilities that will 
shape the future of our industry. Our focus on superiority extends to retail execution, where we are 
developing models, tools and capabilities to win across all avenues, be it the physical shelf or the digital 
shelf.  
- 
With the help of this new model, we have also consistently and effectively grown our coverage on a broad 
base, including with doctors and pharmacists. We are also working to increase our Coverage in Rural 
Areas and learning to leverage e commerce for broadening the availability of our portfolio. In fact, to 
illustrate our reach expansion, Neurobion pharmacy reach has expanded 1.4 times  over the past 5 years, 
adding nearly 100,000 new stores. 
I now move on to the next segment- Business Growth. Umang Shah from Banyan Tree Advisors, asked about 
the volume growth over the last 3 years. We also have some questions on volume growth by Mudit Minocha 
from M3 Investment, Rajakumar V and Vishal Manchanda from Systematics 
- 
Let me put our overall performance in context. Like you heard in the presentation, we have delivered 
consistent high single digit sales growth over the past 5 years despite market volatility, a challenging 
operating environment and GTM changes. We have also delivered an average profit growth of 9% behind 
our productivity efforts and maximizing return on assets. Our return on equity has increased by 3times 
during this period. Our absolute sales and profit over this period are ~1.4times and 1.5times respectively 
in a period where we transformed across product portfolio, manufacturing operations and go-to-market 
model. This demonstrates our resilience and consistent execution of our strategy.  
- 
Zooming into the fiscal year, we netted out at a strong single digit top line growth and a double-digit 
bottom-line growth. These results have been driven by our team’s execution of our dynamic, market 
constructive – Integrated Growth Strategy for sustained excellence in service to all our stakeholders. 
- 
We know that when we are able to engage with HCPs and consumers effectively, serving them with 
propositions that delight them across the vectors of superiority, they in turn reward us with loyalty. Let 
me illustrate this with an example of Neurobion.  
 

 
 
- 
Even today, when it comes to awareness, just talking numbers isn’t enough. It is imperative to bring to life 
the consumer experience of living with Vitamin B Deficiency- How does this impact their lives? What 
solutions are they looking for? We heard from consumers that they suffer from frequent tingling, 
numbness, weakness which is impacting their daily lives making them feel a loss of control. Some used 
supplements but did not find them helpful, and symptoms kept coming back. 
- 
A large number of Indian adults suffers from Vitamin-B deficiency, a very small number is aware of the 
role that supplements can play. Substitutions towards Generic Vitamin-B supplements, that sometimes 
happens at point of sale, does not provide the desired efficacy and relief from Vitamin-B deficiency 
symptoms like tingling, numbness and weakness. 
- 
By listening to our consumers, gathering insights, we have been able to deliver innovation and delight our 
consumers with a product like Neurobion that helps relieve the said symptoms, which maybe caused due 
to the deficiency of Vitamin B. Along with this, we continue to engage and partner with HCPs via scientific 
symposiums to also enable them towards early diagnosis.  
- 
Our recent brand communication #SabseBadaB is an effort to raise the bar on consumer awareness about 
the superior proposition that Neurobion offers 3x more vitamin B vs ordinary Vit-b tabs. Additionally, 
this has also shown results in consumers being able to identify symptoms of such deficiencies sooner for 
an early intervention and remediation. We partner with healthcare organisations for scientific 
symposiums for doctors on looking for early signs, helping patients express symptoms, diagnose high-
risk patients, & discussing the latest treatment guidelines. 
- 
We continue to work with our retail and customer partners to ensure our superior products are available 
just where a consumer wants it – be it offline or on digital platforms. Through our Awareness and 
Screening camps, we encourage consumers to test the signs, and learn more about Vit B deficiency. With 
our sustained efforts, Neurobion has almost doubled over the last 5 years! 
Moving on to the questions on margins. Ajay Sharma from Maybank asset management Singapore, Kamal 
Gada from UTI AMC Ltd. and Mudit Minocha from M3 Investment have asked about margin expansion and 
improvements. 
- 
We have already shared with you a long-term picture of our trends in the presentation. This is driven by 
our deliberate efforts on productivity across cost buckets, as well as innovation in many of the categories 
to provide consumers with the right solutions to care for their health. We have developed a strong 
productivity muscle over the years. Productivity is embedded in our operating model and is embraced in 
every part of our operation. Like you heard, during this fiscal, P&G Health achieved savings of over Rs. 
40 crores through these productivity efforts. On top, we have been able to deliver net profit margin 
expansion by 200 basis points over past 5 years.  
- 
This work is important because productivity helps provide the fuel we need to sustain and reinvest in 
superiority across the five vectors, to stay ahead of what consumers want. It is a more efficient way of 
operatingௗ—ௗin service to consumers and customersௗ—ௗevery day.  
The next cluster of questions are on the New Launches. Urmi Ravalia, Yasser Lakdawala from M3 Investments, 
Saurabh Shroff from QRC Investment Advisors, Neeraj Gaurh from Axis Securities PMS, Kamal Gada from 
UTI AMC Ltd. and Neel Koladia have asked about new product launches and new product developments.  
There have been similar questions by Saurabh Kapadia from Sundaram AMC, Rohit Bhatt from B&K 
Securities India Pvt Ltd and Neeraj Gaurh from Axis PMS. 
 
- 
While we can’t talk about what is in the future, since the last few years, we have witnessed many new 
launches and upgrades – all in service of better HCP and patient experiences! 
- 
We are seeing strong performance of these product launches. Each of these launches provide product 
superiority while addressing key needs of doctors and their patients. Their contribution to sales is already 
in high single digits. Neurobion Alfa & Alfa D is growing high double digit. Polybion Active, upgraded 
with Mango flavor, Alcohol Free, 50% higher concentration of Vitamin B and Lysiene, is helping with 
Appetite stimulation and expanded therapeutic usage in more conditions. The upgraded Polybion 
Injection helps in Faster recovery, strengthening immunity and overcoming Vitamin B deficiency. 
 

 
 
- 
Superior performing products in superior packages provide noticeably better benefits to consumers and 
patients. They become aware  and learn about these products through superior brand communications. 
This comes to life in stores and online with superior retail execution and delivers superior consumer value 
at a price that is considered worth it across each price tier where we compete. Further, our continued 
efforts towards engaging with healthcare practitioners ensures the right product is offered to the right 
patient, in each therapy area. We are always listening to what our consumers need & incorporate insights 
across our product formulations, packaging, and communication to better serve consumer needs. 
- 
We look at superiority as a never-ending challenge and opportunity and we invest to raise the bar on our 
superiority standards in response to consumer needs and changes in our industry. That’s why, we are 
equally committed to improving our products and not just launching new ones! 
- 
As you would have heard in Milind’s presentation, just in the last few quarters, we have improved the 
packaging, communication, retail activations, and the customer value for 2 of our brands and the initial 
feedback has been very positive. We also continue to engage with Health care organisations and healthcare 
practitioners to ensure we create a holistic ecosystem. 
- 
Our focus remains on our Integrated Growth Strategy. Integrated – because each element is incredibly 
important. The real advantage comes from being able to do all of these things at the same time – that’s 
what we remain committed to, towards sustained excellence in service to all our stakeholders. 
 
Moving on. Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital asked about price hikes. 
- 
I would not be able to comment on future plans but let me illustrate our principle. We price our products 
in line with our Pricing strategy and DPCO regulations. We are focused on providing customers with 
superior performing products at a variety of price points, package sizes and retail channels that deliver 
great value. We have learned over the past many innovation cycles, that consumers are more value 
conscious, than outlay conscious, where they are willing to pay for superior propositions. 
There were questions on exports by Umang Shah from Banyan Tree Advisors, Niril Parekh from Awriga 
Capital and Kinjal Mota from Banyan Tree 
 
- 
Our export revenue for the fiscal stood at about Rs. 50 crore. Exports sales grew 12%. In fact, in markets 
like Sri Lanka, P&G Health is fastest growing MNC, backed up by a robust portfolio and strong awareness 
campaigns. The business in Sri Lanka grew at over 30% this year! 
There were questions on our categories. These questions came from Rohit Bhatt from B&K Securities India 
Pvt Ltd, who asked about growth prospects and plans to diversify. Neeraj Gaurh from Axis PMS asked about 
our market share across our brands and products. And Gautam R, Vertex Holding asked about the growth seen 
in last quarter. 
- 
We are happy to report that we have been growing our share in categories like Nerve Care, Vitamin E and 
Nasal Decongestant. We are in fact market leaders in Vitamin E category with Evion, behind consistent 
efforts of our team in bringing our superiority to life with HCPs and consumers. We have delivered record 
share growth in this fiscal. We are happy to share that we have also had Highest-ever Unaided Brand 
Awareness on Neurobion and Evion this year. That being said, we still have runway of growth ahead of 
us, to increase our penetration and serve many unserved and underserved HCPs and consumers. We 
know that our integrated growth strategy is the right way to bring this to life. 
With that we come to an end of Q&A session. We hope today’s session was both informative and exciting for you. 
We have endeavoured to respond to most of the questions that we received from you – either in the presentations 
or in the Q&A section at the end. Some questions, while not called out, would have also been addressed as part 
of what you heard from us today. Once again, we thank you for joining us on the call today.  You may disconnect 
now. Have a great day! 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of English language 
that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking.  
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT  
