June 11, 2025
To
To
BSE Limited,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,
Exchange Plaza,
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,
Bandra (East),
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001
Mumbai – 400051
Maharashtra, India
Maharashtra, India
BSE Code: 512573
NSE Symbol: AVANTIFEED
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Transcript of post earnings Audio Conference Call for the quarter and Year
ended March 31, 2025.
***
Further to our letter dated June 07, 2025, we enclose herewith the transcript of post
earnings Audio Conference Call for Investors/Analyst held on June 07, 2025 in
connection with Audited financial results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the
Company for the quarter and Year ended March 31, 2025 and the same will also be
available on the website of the Company at https://avantifeeds.com/corporate-
announcement/#Investor-Analyst-Corner
This is for your information and record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Avanti Feeds Limited
C. Ramachandra Rao
Joint Managing Director,
Company Secretary,
Compliance Officer & CFO
DIN: 00026010
呸• Avanti 
•--
"
 
Feeds Limited 
Corpo·i1t•Offtei, G·L.Conrc1:ll'Al.idn1,;, lS-.6 a6::i8 
·.ao "I !,IUJ.t, l--)U•·1 dl.i.tJ·fj00087 let.a, ya--.aSldlE. 11-dia 
\.. ,'l'l lt.t!I i.- . .[•'!IJ'lhll /,\1 呸 ·•·!I II.OJ i''.l呸i11t>Ot. 
ft 'h¥'A-la'liJr,11lct:d- ... corn 
• 呸rnlihc&-.呸n.if呸cds.cor• 
Nchrt1j u J.•11d'.)1hly 呸 
Rt t .. 1hA1ty 1(; A.;l.a_ullu1t, 
Rl:'g"tl!1呸tl Olflu1 r· ,1 N1, 101, O•uund I toor, U 呸cual'O. 
f><Jf'ldVr!J"IQUrlll .ur , IJ1+, ldl If) 111111111 • f:)000;; 
Andlira Prad-.:'.;h, lndiu. 
CfN: I. !,SOC IJ..V' ll'93PLCOCJ!i't'f6 
RAMACHANDR
A RAO 
CUDDAPAH
Digitally signed by 
RAMACHANDRA RAO 
CUDDAPAH 
Date: 2025.06.11 14:57:01 
+05'30'

1
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Avanti Feeds Limited
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Event Date / Time: 07/06/2025, 16:00 Hrs.
Event Duration: 01 Hrs. 02 mins 38 secs
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:
Mr. C Ramachandra Rao
Joint Managing Director
Mr. A. Venkata Sanjeev
Executive Director
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh
Director of Avanti Feeds and Executive Director – Avanti Frozen Foods Pvt Ltd
Mrs. Santhi Latha
GM (Finance & Accounts)
Ms. Lakshmi Sharma
Sr. Manager – (Corp Affairs)
Mr. DVS Satyanarayan
CFO, Avanti Frozen Foods Pvt Ltd
Mr. K.S. Reddy
CFO, Avanti Pet Care Pvt Ltd
Q & A Participants list:
1
Shivam Sahu
: Individual Investor
2
Balaji
: Avanti Feeds
3
Ronak Shah
: Equirus Securities
4
Gopi Krishna
: JP Morgan
5
Nitin Awasthi
: InCred Equities
6
Reena Gattani
: Paul Asset Consultant Pvt Ltd

2
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Moderator:
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Pelsia, moderator for the conference
call. Welcome to Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call.
We have with us today, Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao, Joint Managing Director,
Mr. A. Venkata Sanjeev, Executive Director, Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh, Director of Avanti
Feeds and Executive Director of Avanti Frozen Food Private Limited, Mrs. Santhi
Latha, GM - Finance and Accounts, Mrs. Lakshmi Sharma, Sr. Manager - Corporate
Affairs, Mr. DVS Satyanarayana, CFO of Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited and
Mr. K.S. Reddy, CFO of Avanti Pet Care Private Limited
As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode, and there will be
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please
note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand over the
floor to Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao, Joint Managing Director.  Thank you and
over to you, sir.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Thank you, Pelsia.  Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  I’m pleased to extend
a warm welcome to all of you for this investor's conference call to review the
audited financial results for Q4 FY’25 and for the year ended 31st March ‘25.
Mr. Nikhilesh, Director of Avanti Feeds Ltd. and Executive Director of Avanti
Frozen Foods, Pvt. Ltd. is joining from the factory at Kovvur .
Along with me are Mr. Venkata Sanjeev, Executive Director of Avanti Feeds
Ltd., Mrs. Santhi Latha, GM - Finance and Accounts of Avanti Feeds Ltd.,
Mr. DVS Satyanarayana, CFO of Avanti Frozen Foods Private Ltd and
Mr. K.S. Reddy, CFO of Avanti Pet Care Private Limited.
To begin with, Mrs. Santhi Latha, GM - Finance and Accounts, Avanti Feed
Ltd. will present highlights of financial results for the period and year ended
31st March ’25 of feed division and also consolidated financials of the company
for the same period.
Thereafter, Mr. Satyanarayana will present the financial highlights of shrimp
processing and export division. After that, Mr. Srinivasa Reddy will present
the status of pet care projects.

3
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
After presentation by all of them with a brief sum up, we will take up the
question-and-answer session.
Mrs. Santhi Latha:
Thank you, sir. Good evening, everyone. I will take you through the
consolidated and standalone financial performance highlights for the quarter
and year ended 31st March 2025.  First, we will go through the consolidated
financial results for the quarter ended Q4 FY ‘25. The comparative
performance of Q4 FY’25 with that of Q3 FY’25 and Q4 FY’24 has been given
in the presentation, which has been already circulated.
Gross income in Q4 FY’25 is INR 1435 crores as compared to INR 1405 crores
in the previous quarter, Q3 FY’25, an increase of INR 30 crores. Compared to
Q4 FY '24 gross income of INR 1320 crores, there is an increase of INR 115
crores by about 8.7%.  The PBT is INR 211 crores in Q4 FY '25 as compared
to INR 184 crores in Q3 FY '25, an increase of INR 27 crores by 15% and
compared to Q4 FY '24, PBT of INR 151 crores, there is an increase of INR 60
crores by about 40% increase.
Comparison of financial year '25 with that of financial year '24 four
performance, in FY ’25, the total income increased to INR 5778 crores from
INR 5505 crores in FY ’24.  The PBT in FY ‘25 increased to INR 737 crores
from INR 537 crores in previous year mainly due to increase in revenue and
decrease in raw material costs and better overhead absorption.
The consolidate results indicate net impact of several factors such as increase
or decrease in income and expenditure etc., relating to Feed and Frozen Food
divisions . Now we will discuss the individual performance of these units.
STANDALONE FINANCIAL RESULTS OF FEED AND PROCESSING
DIVISION:
The Q4 FY’25 results, the gross income for Q4 FY’25 is INR 1070 crores as
compared to INR 1077 crores in the previous quarter of Q3 FY ‘25, a decrease
of INR 7 crores due to decrease of quantity sold by 2338 metric tons. The
gross income in Q4 FY’25 increased to INR 1070 from INR 1022 crores in the
corresponding quarter of Q4 ‘24, an increase by INR 48 crores due to increase
in sales quantity by INR 7432 crores. The PBT for the Q4 FY ’25 is INR 194
crores as compared to INR 167 crores in Q3 FY’25, an increase of INR 27
crores by about 16% mainly due to decrease in raw material cost and better
overhead absorption.

4
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
The PBT in FY’24 has increased by INR 75 crores from INR 119 crores in Q4
FY ’24 represented by 63%.  The feed sales decreased by 2338 MT to 129,711
MT in Q4 FY ’25 as compared to 132,049 MT in Q3 FY ’25, an increase by
7433 MT from 122,278 MT when compared to Q4 FY’24.
COMPARISON OF PERFORMANCE OF FEED DIVISION, FY’24 WITH
FY’25.
In FY’25, the total income increased to INR 4,563 crores from INR 4,395 crores
in FY’24 due to increase in feed sales and other income.  The PBT in FY’25
increased to INR 659 crores from INR 407 crores in the corresponding period
mainly due to increase in sales, other income and decrease in raw material
cost and better overhead absorption.
The major raw materials are fishmeal, soyabean meal, and wheat flour. The
noticeable development in this year and quarter is softening of two major raw
materials, i.e., fishmeal and soyabean meal, resulting in improvement in
profitability.
The prices of these raw materials keep fluctuating since their production is
based on fish catches from the ocean and agriculture.  The prices of fish meal
decrease in Q4 FY’25 to INR 91 per kg from INR 93 per kg in Q3 FY’25 and
from INR 119 per kg in Q4 FY’24. In case of soya bean meal, their prices
reduced to INR 43 per kg in Q4 FY’25 from INR 46 per kg in Q3 FY’25 and INR
52 in Q4 FY’24.
However, the wheat flour price increased to INR 36 per kg in Q4 FY’25 from
INR 35 per kg in Q3 FY’25 and INR 30 per kg in Q3 FY’24. While on one hand,
the raw material prices are instrumental in determining the margin, on the
other hand the status of aquaculture activity, conditions such as climate
changes, diseases, etc. determine the consumption of feed in terms of volume
which will have an impact on the overall performance of the company.
To sum up, in general FY’24-25 is a challenging year for the aquaculture
industry both in respect of shrimp production as well as global demand for
shrimp export. In spite of the challenging years, your company had a better
capacity utilization.  Now, I will talk about shrimp production and feed
consumption in FY’25.

5
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
SHRIMP FEED CONSUMPTION:
The estimated shrimp production for 2024 is 10.5 lakhs to 11 lakhs metric
tons and the feed consumption is estimated to be about same levels.  The
company feed sales during FY’25 is 5,55,247 MT against 5,31,967 MT in
FY’24. In case of shrimp processing and exports, India's seafood exports
touched 17,81,602 MT, an all-time high in volume during FY23-24.
Frozen shrimp remained the major export item in quantity and value
accounting for a share of 40% in quantity and 66% of the total dollar earnings.
The company's shrimp exports during FY’25 was 14,149 MT as compared to
13,444 MT in FY’24, an increase by 705 MT. It is estimated that the exports
during FY’26 would be around 17,000 MT.
UPDATE ON FISH FEED:
As reported in earlier con-call, the company has imported fish feed from Thai
Union Feed Mill Company Limited and is conducting trails under Indian
conditions. Once the product performance is approved, the production will be
taken up for domestic sale. Now I will hand over to Mr. DVS Satyanarayana
to present highlights of shrimp processing and export division.
Mr. DVS Satyanarayana:
Thank you, Madam. Good evening, everyone. So now I would like to take you
through the financial highlights of shrimp processing and export division.
So, I will start with quarter results, that is Q4 FY’25. The gross income for Q4
FY’25 is INR 364 crores as compared to INR 328 crores in Q3 FY’25, an
increase by INR 36 crores representing 11% mainly due to increase in sales
quantity by 256 metric ton which represents 7%.
The gross income in Q4 FY’25 increased to INR 364 crores from INR 297 crores
during Q4 FY’24, an increase of INR 67 crores representing 22% year over
year growth.  The sales volume during Q4 FY’25 increased to 4100 MT from
3846 MT in the last year same quarter, i.e. Q4 FY’24.
So, there is an increase of 254 MT when compared to the last year same
quarter.  Higher sales in Q4 FY’25 were driven by volume growth, an increase
in average selling price realization, and favorable foreign exchange rates. The
PBT before exceptional item for Q4 FY25 stood at INR18 crores unchanged
from Q3 FY’25.

6
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Despite higher sales during the quarter, PBT remained flat primarily due to
the full period impact of countervailing duty (CVD) in Q4 FY’25.  The PBT in
Q4 FY’25 is INR 18 crores, a decrease from INR 32 crores in the corresponding
quarter Q4 FY’24 primarily due to the impact of countervailing duty and
increase in raw material prices.
COMPARISON OF PERFORMANCE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH
2025 WITH 31ST MARCH 2024:
The gross income for the year ended 31st March ‘25 was INR 1219 crores as
compared to INR 1118 crores in the previous year, i.e., financial 24.  An
increase of INR 101 crores in the gross income during FY’25 is mainly due to
increase in sales quantity by 682 MT representing 5%.  Higher sales in FY’25
were driven mainly by volume growth, an increase in average selling price
realization, and also favorable foreign exchange rates.
The PBT in FY’25 is INR 86 crores as compared to INR 136 crores in the
previous year, i.e. FY’24. A decrease in PBT by INR 50 crores is mainly on
account of countervailing duty, higher ocean freight rate and depreciation
from Krishnapuram new plant. Now I handover to Mr. K. Srinivas Reddy to
update the status of pet food project.
Mr. K.S. Reddy:
Thank you, Mr. DVS Satyanarayana. Now I would like to present an update
on the status of Avanti Pet Care Pvt Ltd., a subsidiary of the company, set up
for a pet care product in India. As you know, company has formed a joint
venture with Bluefalo Company Ltd., Thailand, a well-known pet food and pet
care product manufacturing company in Thailand, for a setting up joint
venture company in India with the equity investment by them along with the
transfer of technology. The company is in the final stage of acquisition of land
and planning to commence construction from September or October ‘25, after
obtaining a government clearance for setting up of facilities. In the meantime,
company with the objective of establishing brand of the company's product
has successfully commenced trading in cat foods from January 2025. In the
company's first product range, under its own brand, presently the company
is getting the product manufactured by the collaboration facility in Thailand
and importing for trading.
The brand name of the company's product is ‘Avant Furst’.  The product
launched is in cat food - ocean fish flavor. In Q4 FY’24-‘25, i.e., January ‘25
to March ‘25, recorded a sales of INR 25.79 lakhs, which is within the
expectations for the initial stage. At present, company is marketing products

7
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
in nine key markets, i.e., Mumbai, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad,
Solapur, Nagpur, Jaipur and Ahmedabad.
Further planning to expand to more cities and build a presence in e-commerce
and q-commerce in the coming quarter. The company is also building a strong
brand visibility through the digital marketing, advertisement on Instagram
and Facebook (@avantfrust).  The company is planning to introduce other
flavors in cat food in the coming months. The company is also planning to
launch a dog food product in August 2025. It is pertinent to mention that dog
food constitutes a major portion of pet food sales, which is about 80% and cat
food is 20%.  Now, I hand over to JMD sir for closing remarks.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Thank you, At this stage, I would like to share with you some of the
developments that have taken place during the course of the year, reflecting
on performance of feed and processing and export business of the company.
In respect of feed business, the relieving factor was more stable raw material
prices and also feed sales yielding an increased profitability in the year
compared to the previous year.
The shrimp culture activity has also been stable except for some instances of
disease and premature harvest.  The farm gate prices of the shrimps were
stable, resulting in maintaining the shim production levels. The export of
processed shims registered a growth due to increase in export quantities and
also increase in average selling price realization.
The favorable U.S. dollar conversion rates also helped to enhance the
profitability of the shrimp processing division.  As stated by my colleagues,
the company is focusing on increasing the production and export of value-
added products, yielding better margins and less competition.  The company
is also focusing on developing other markets like Japan, EU, etc. to reduce
dependence on U.S. market. As you are aware, the U.S. announced a new
reciprocal tariff on April 2, 2025. The U.S. imposed reciprocal tariffs on
exports from all countries trading with it.
A baseline tariff of 10% on all countries came into effect from April 5, 2025.
The country-specific reciprocal tariff is scheduled to begin on 9th April.
Various duties are like this:  India:  Anti-dumping duty, i.e., ADD 1.35,
countervailing duty 5.77, reciprocal tariffs 26%. Total tariffs 33.12% Thailand:
0 anti-dumping duty, 0 countervailing duty, reciprocal tariffs 36%.  Vietnam:
Anti-dumping duty 0, countervailing duty 2.8, and reciprocal tariffs 46%.

8
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Total 48.8%.  Indonesia:  3.9% Anti-dumping duty, countervailing duty is nil,
and 32% is reciprocal tariffs and total tariff is 35.9%.  Ecuador:  Anti-dumping
duty is nil and countervailing duty is 3.8%, and the reciprocal tariff is 10%
and total tariff is 13.8%.  No tariff applies to container ships before April 5,
2025 if they arrive at the U.S. port before May 27, 2025.
This is some sort of an arrangement for transition period for applicability of
the reciprocal tariff.  A baseline tariff applies to shipments dispatched between
April 5, 2025 and April 8, 2025.  On April 9, 2025, the U.S. announced a 90-
day suspension of country-specific reciprocal tariffs for all countries except
China.
The country specific tariffs which I read out just now.  Shipment from April
9, 2025 till a period of 90 days will continue to incur only 10% percent
baseline tariff.  We will have to see what is going to be the future rate after
9th depending upon the announcement and the policy decision taken by the
Trump’s government. The company proactively informed all U.S. customers
about the tariff changes, and most of the customers have responded positively
to the overall 10% price increase.
Production was increased and shipments to the U.S. were expedited, with
most orders dispatched before May 21, 2025.  Indian and U.S. officials are
engaged in high-level discussions continuously, aiming to finalize an interim
trade deal with the U.S.  In fact, even the U.S. President Trump also
announced very recently, a couple of days back, that the negotiations with
Indian government for a trade agreement in advanced stage and it may come
any moment.  An announcement is expected later this month, potentially
before President Trump's July 9th deadline.
India, encouraged by recent trade agreements, is carefully considering U.S.
demands, balancing economic opportunities with potential domestic impact.
In addition to the tariff, the levy of CVD, which is at 5.77%, presently is always
an additional burden to the export of shrimps to the U.S., which is a major
export market for the company.  In this context, the Seafood Exporters
Association of India, with support of Government of India, pursuing U.S.
Department of Commerce, with a request to review and reconsider the levy of
CVD, which represents only remission of duties and taxes levied by the
government.
Keeping this factor in view, the endeavor of the company is to expand its global
market to other destinations like Japan, Korea, EU and Middle East.

9
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
To sum up, notwithstanding levy of duties such as ADD, CVD and the
reciprocal tariff by U.S., the company is confident that in the course of
business, the market correction, balancing demand and supply and price
determination do take place ensuring sustainability of agriculture industry in
the long run.  With this observation, I would like to keep the floor open for
questions and answers.  Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you, sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session.  If you have a question, please press star and 1 on a telephone
keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question.  If you would like to
withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question, please press * and 1 on the
telephone pad.  I request the participants to restrict with two questions in the
initial round and join back the queue for more questions.  First question
comes from Shivam Sahu, an individual investor.  Please go ahead.
Shivam Sahu:
Hello?
Moderator:
Please go-ahead sir.
Shivam Sahu:
Hello?  Ma'am. Why has stock price has been decreased day by day, around
15 to 16% decrease in the last four days.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Can you please come back.  Your question is not clear.
Moderator:
Sir you withdraw this question sir.  Next question comes from Balaji from
Avanti Feeds.  Please go ahead.

10
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Balaji:
Good morning, ma’am.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Good morning.
Balaji:
Sir, thank you for connecting to me. My question is regarding that raw
material, like what is the percentage of share of each raw material
ingredients? The consumption pattern of the raw material used?
Mrs. Santhi Latha:
Sir, raw material ingredients. Is that what you're asking? The percentage of
raw material ingredients?
Balaji:
Yes, ma'am.  Percentage of raw material ingredients --
Mrs. Santhi Latha:
Sir, that is our formula. We cannot disclose that.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
And also, I think what our general manager says is that the combination or
composition formulation depends upon different grades of products that we
are making. And it is a sort of confidential information which we cannot share
with anyone. Because depending upon the circumstances, region, necessity,
climatic conditions, the formulas keep changing.  There is no consistent
standard product mix that we are giving you.
Balaji:
Yes, sir.  But now, what is the cost of the raw materials sir.  Are there any
increase in price of the raw material and will this trend to remain same or is
there any increase in raw material further

11
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
The raw material cost is clear from the financial statements given.  You can
see that what is the raw material cost is given separately there. The raw
material consumed is given. You can arrive at the cost of raw materials from
the financial statements.
Balaji:
Yes. Sir, I'm asking, what is the present trend? Is it increasing trend or is it
stable.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
See, it is fluctuating.  Let me tell you, you know, recently the government had
increased the MSP of wheat, soya and all these things. I think just a week
back. So, immediately the prices have gone up.
So, it is very difficult to say.  Based on the day-to-day market situation, the
prices fluctuate.  See, after the announcement of MSP, the soybean meal
prices have gone up and also wheat product prices have gone up.
Second thing is that, you know, when we get the harvest, the prices decrease
marginally and immediately goes up.  The soya bean meal crop comes from
the September end, October, and the wheat harvest comes in from March.
So, it is fluctuating market.  The prices of the raw materials keep fluctuating.
So, we normally take an annual average, we take the price.
Mrs. Santhi Latha:
Your voice is breaking. It's not clear. Her voice is breaking. It's not clear.
Balaji:
Sir, if the Trump’s tariff has remained same, what is the impact on the exports
of the Company.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Nikhilesh, are u there Nikhilesh?
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
Could you repeat the question, please?

12
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Balaji:
Sorry, if the Trump -- tariff has remained same at the high end, how shrimp
feed will be affected sir.
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
10% or 26%. Alright.
Balaji:
26%
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
The higher end is 26 percent. So, then the tariff would be as follows. Ecuador
would be 10%, India would be 26%.,. Indonesia would be, I think, about 32%
or 35 something, and Vietnam would be over 40%.
So, I think, generally, we'll be number two. We will lose competitiveness over
Ecuador, but we'll gain competitiveness again shrimp farming countries in
Asia. So, I think overall, it'd be, like, average, not too bad, not too good.
Balaji, Avanti Feeds:
Thank you, sir.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from Rota Shah from Equirus Securities.
Please go ahead.
Ronak Shah:
Yes. So, I have a couple of questions. So, my first question is regarding what
is the current given scenario for the shrimp feed into the market?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Yeah. It would be around 12 lakhs MTs.

13
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Mrs. Santhi Latha:
Same like last like last year.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Almost same like last year. It could be around 12 lakh tons per annum.
Ronak Shah:
Yeah. So, from the Avanti Feeds perspective, how we are projecting our FY’26
feed consumption, can it be in the range of 5.5 lakh metric tons?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Yeah.
Mrs. Santhi Latha:
Yes.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Just marginally, it is more than actually 5 lakhs. It should be able to make
around 5 lakhs to 5.10 tons.
Mrs. Santhi Latha:
5.50 to 5.60 tons.  Maybe we'll be around the same like last year.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Our sales would be on the same line as last year -- previous year.
Ronak Shah:
Okay. Second question is regarding the competitive pricing. And sir
highlighted that there are the various tariffs and CVD which is going on. So
how is the Indian shrimp render cost is compared to the Ecuador vis-a-vis
other Asian countries?

14
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Nikhilesh, can you take please?
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
Yeah. Could you repeat the question again, please?
Ronak Shah:
So, Nikhilesh, what is the rendered price competitiveness, which India is
having compared to the Ecuador and Asian countries, specifically for the USA
considering current CVDs and the tariffs.
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
See, that's a good question. So, I would say with the current duty structure,
India currently has a lot of duty onto a country with CVD and ADD as like
two duties which we have higher compared to the other countries.  But if you
see the reciprocal tariff, it's much lower than what the other countries in Asia
have like Indonesia, Thailand, and Vietnam.  Ecuador, on the other hand,
again, has lower duty on that.
So, generally, I would say on a whole bucket of tariffs including the reciprocal
tariff, I think we fared pretty much equal to the other Asian producing
countries, but much higher on duty compared to Ecuador.  That being said,
our competitive advantage against Ecuador will be reduced. But however, the
only silver line is that Ecuador doesn't produce a lot of the products that we
do. We do a lot of value addition, not high value, but like medium value
products like a cooked or a raw or a shrimp ring, tail-on and tail off products,
pin-deveined.  So, these things that Ecuador can't do as much as us because
just because of the population that we have in the country and the way that
our companies are structured, etc.  So that way, you know, I would say on a
whole tariff bucket where Ecuador has an advantage, but we all have our own
niches in the game.  So, we need to wait and see what happens in the future.
So, there are also for the tariffs, I wouldn't say that these tariffs are
permanent. Right?
These are reviewed periodically year on year.  So, these keep fluctuating, and
we're quite positive that things our association of seafood members and the
Indian government are working positively to ensure that the duties are
reduced.

15
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Ronak Shah:
Yeah. And lastly, just a follow-up on this Nikhilesh.  So, in last few years,
when you see Avanti is continuously focusing on capacity expansion. And on
top of that, we are saying that we are going to have 16000 to 17000 metric
ton kind of the export sales from the processing, but when we look at to the
actual numbers in last three, four quarters, we always fall short of the
guidance. On top of that, we are having also a planned capacity expansion.
So how we are seeing all these parameters looking considering the -- one side,
we are saying that we are having competitive edge over the Ecuador in terms
of the processed product and the niche product.  However, we are not seeing
exponential or the substantial growth into the processing division.  So, my
first question is how you are seeing this or in terms of the growth terms? And
secondly, considering the CVD and anti-dumping duty, our profitability goes
to the toss.  So, when earlier the feed division used to have lower margin,
processing used to have better margin profitability, which should be the
normal case, which has reversed up significantly. So how overall management
is seeing these two-business profitability going ahead? Yeah. That's it for my
side.
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
Okay. That's a good question. See, on the capacity addition, I think there's no
more additional capacity that's being added right now. Whatever had to be
added is completed and we needed it for multiple different reasons because
during season -- see it's a seasonal business, right?  There's no shrimp during
the monsoon season because if it rains, the shrimp comes out of the pond.
Of course, there is a little volume that comes in, but we call it the off-season.
So, even if we want to process at full capacity, we will not be able to. So, this
is something where we're trying to process during season and trying to export
as much as product as we can. And as you know, we had two facilities.
We added a third one because the first one was built in 1997 -- not built, I'm
sorry, acquired in 1997. So, it's a very old factory. It's over 30 years. So, we
want to shut it down for renovation.  There's no room for expansion.
So, we needed another facility with state-of-the-art equipment, a cook line, a
value-added line, etc.  So that is the reason for capacity addition.  And also,
if you see about exponential, you asked about exponential growth.  I think in
the last quarter, the revenue increased by 22%, which is quite a good revenue
increase if you see on a year-on-year basis. On a full-year basis also, it's about
9%. In a quite -- I would say, it's been quite a weak market generally with

16
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
oversupply.  So that's still a good revenue growth. If you see for the last
quarter, it's been really good. And year-on-year also about 9%, which is also,
I wouldn't say, like a poor performance in terms of revenue growth.
In terms of the margins, see, that's the best part of being an investor at Avanti.
If the feed business is not doing well because of raw material prices or any
competitive pressures, we also have the frozen business, which is in the same
industry, which will give an alternate revenue source and kind of diversify
revenues and profit margins. Similarly, like you pointed out, in the past, the
feed wasn't doing well, the processing was doing well.  Today, the feed is doing
really well.  The processing margins have fallen down due to, I would say the
reason is purely non-operational. Like you mentioned, these are from duties
coming from countervailing and anti-dumping. But if you see the revenue
growth and the business itself, fundamentally, we have been really robustly
growing it. Our value-added products are really increasing.
The company's processing division has become one of the top export houses
in India. So, generally, things are healthy if you take out the non-operational
factors. And the last point I'd like to add is I had mentioned to the previous
question that these duties are not permanent.
These are reviewed
periodically.  The U.S. government gives the opportunity to kind of, like, make
changes to what they're concerned about, a lot of work with the government,
etc. on how certain tax refunds are structured, etc. So, like I said on the
previous question, we are working along with the Indian Seafood Association
and also the government to address these concerns and try to roll back some
certain parts of the duty.
Ronak Shah:
Yeah Okay. Okay. So just lastly, so is it just --
Moderator:
Mr. Ronak can you join back the queue.
Ronak Shah:
Okay.

17
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Moderator:
Thank you. I request the participants to restrict with two questions on the
initial round and join back the queue for more questions. The next question
comes from Gopi Krishna from JP Morgan.
Please go ahead.
Gopi Krishna:
Yeah. Hi.  We traditionally see that June quarter, like, the Q1 is the strongest
for Avanti Feeds because that is where we make lot of business, right,
traditionally, if you see our accounts. And I also see that in the Q3 and Q4,
the margins are pretty much impressive.  Now what is the expectation of Q1?
Do you still see that the margins will further expand?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
See, for this quarter, there are press and minus also. As you said, the raw
material prices keep stable. And on that trend, we do not see a big additional
burden. But as far as the sales is concerned, we already told you that we are
going to be in the same levels as we were in the last year, but however, recently
we have reduced the price of feed.  Immediately after the announcement of
reciprocal tariff by U.S., there was a lot of concern by the farmers, the
government, the state government, and all they came and we had a series of
discussions with them. And to accommodate and to see that the aquaculture
continues, the sustainability is maintained, we have to take a price cut by
decreasing the price by 3 rupees per kg.  So that will have an impact -- full
impact also will be there in this quarter.
And hopefully the raw material prices stabilize and they should be able to
maintain same level of profitability in Q1 of FY’25-26. That should be because
normally Q1 and Q2 are the good two quarters which we make. The
aquaculture is very active and even now the culture is going on very well. So,
we expect that the performance for this year also in the same lines as in the
last year. And profitability also by and large it should same, assuming that
these prices of raw materials remain stable as they are today.  So, I think that
we will be able to maintain the profitability for first quarter, Q1.
Gopi Krishna:
And my second question is, we see like the 75% of the business what feed
business is coming to North America.  Like, if there are, like, the tariff is

18
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
coming in place, then Ecuador has a clear edge over India. So, are we trying
to expand it to other countries? That's one.
And we see that when there is a tariff issues, there was a lot of concern raised
from the farmers of Andhra Pradesh. Was this issue being highlighted to state
government? Are there any incentives? Are there any kind of tax relief which
we got is what is my last week?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Nikhilesh, will you be able to take the first question. Also, of course, generally
the tariff is in the public domain whenever there is a tax and the incentives
also.  As of now, there is no such thing announced by the government.  But I
think as far as the first question is concerned, I think – Nikhilesh, could you
take the question?
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
Yeah, I can say that, yes, the U.S. market particularly has been extremely
volatile over the last one year.  We've had different types of duties, a completely
new duty, like CVD came in, and then we have reciprocal tariff, which was
26% and changed to 10, and we still have no clarity. It's not only for Shimp, I
guess, it's for all industries.  So, it has been volatile, so we are actively looking
at other markets.  Definitely, if you look at our share, like PPT sent by you for
the financial year FY’25, the US market share has come down to about 70%
from 83% the year before. And the last were also -- so if you see that PPT, it
says about seventy percent, but that also includes Canada. But our US
Market share has come down to the lowest that we've had at least in the last
four quarters, if I'm not wrong.  So, we are actively looking into other markets.
We just classify the markets as North America, Europe and Asia just to make
it simple. But yes, we are diversifying from the U.S. market actively just to
escape this kind of volatility that's happening in the country right now. Thank
you.
Gopi Krishna:
Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. Can you move to the next question, sir?

19
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Yes.
Moderator:
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Nitin Awasthi from InCred
Equities. Please go ahead.
Nitin Awasthi:
Hello, sir.  Just a few technical things I just want to understand. Firstly, on
the non-(Inaudible) tariffs which are the older tariffs, the ADD and CVD.
These are supposed to be periodically reviewed and we were supposed to have
a CVD review in mid of this year.  Is that happening or because of the whole
tariff situation, it's kind of on pause?
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
No.  The review is still happening right now.
Nitin Awasthi:
Okay. Okay. Got it. So probably in another month or two or by the next
quarter, we'll have whatever representatives and everything, at least the
statements from the committee will be out.  Is that correct?
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
Yes. The final determination will be out in the next few weeks.
Nitin Awasthi:
Understood, sir.  And this implication will be from April itself. Right?
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
It will be from 2023 February if I'm not wrong.
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
Yeah. It's retrospective. So, the period of evaluation is not this year, but the
previous year, what they're evaluating.

20
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Nitin Awasthi:
No, the part where I was asking from, because this duty, like you said, is the
evaluation period is of course the older period, but from when will it be
applicable? The applicability will of course be a few months before today and
that's what I'm trying to get at. Because then that could be a swing that comes
in. Either most likely what the industry is expecting is that CBD will be cut,
then you have a positive swing for the refund.
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
Okay. I'm following up question, Nitin, but I'm not able to get it completely?
See, there are two different things. Right? The ADD is under review right now.
The CVD is closed, and they'll open the review later. The ADD, which is under
review. The final determination should come out in the next, I think, like you
said, two months or so. And the duty would be paid for the year, the entries
into the US from February ‘23 to March ‘24.
Nitin Awasthi:
Understood, and any particular time frame when the CVD hearings would
reopen?
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
Not that I know of at the moment because they're not the respondents also,
so there is no direct communication apart from industry news. I can tell you
that things are moving in a good direction, In a sense that the government is
actively working to provide our workings to the US government, which we did
not the last time. So, it's going in a good direction compared to what had
happened the last time.
Nitin Awasthi:
Yes, sir. Because that was what there was a worry about because last time
what had happened was very unfortunate, and it was a sudden surprise to
the street. And of course, the industry is involved in this business like your
good service because we were not expecting that CVD rate would be that high.

21
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh:
Yes. It was quite unfortunate. It was election years everyone was busy, but
now everyone’s actively working to ensure that it's kind of rolled back.
Nitin Awasthi:
Got it, sir.  The second question was relating to the new business of pet care.
The pet care division is in an association with JV. So, the balance sheet impact
and the P &L of said JV would just be a line item of profit from associates or
loss from associates. Is that understanding, correct?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
It's a line item.
Mrs. Santhi Latha:
It's a line item. Line by line consolidation.  It is a subsidiary of Avanti Feed.
Nitin Awasthi:
Okay. So, it's a subsidiary of Avanti Feed, not a JV?
Mrs. Santhi Latha:
Not a JV.
Nitin Awasthi:
By the accounting framework was what I've meant?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Yes.  This is a separate company, SPV (Special Purpose Vehicle), for
implementation of this project. And in which the substantial investments of
Avanti Feeds are there. So, the consolidation, line by line consolidation takes
place in Avanti Feeds accounts.
Nitin Awasthi:
Understood. Understood, sir.  So lastly on this one.  The pet care business,
which is currently a trading business, if I understand it correctly.  Right now,

22
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
we're just trying to bump up our sales.  So, there would only be few costs that
we will be incurring per sale that we make, and only post manufacturing will
profitability kick in. Is that understanding, correct?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
You are right. Because, see, it is the initial period. Normally, the expenditure
on brand promotion and establishing the market and all these expenses
would be more in the initial stages, which will give results in later part.  So,
as you rightly mentioned, the first quarter is that when we do the trading,
definitely, the trading may not result in as much profitability as we
anticipated. But nevertheless, it gives a lot of mileage to us because these
products are in the market under Avanti brand. So, the mileage and this
brand establishment will be very, very helpful when we start production. So
immediately, we'll have a ready-made market for our products, and then the
profitability will be certainly much better than the trading profit that we are
making, and expenditure is also high in the initial stages.  Say about two,
three years, there will be heavy expenditure on various promotional measures,
advertisements, distribution costs, all these things have to be stabilized and
brought to a level of, you know, profitable sales levels, then we'll be able to
make profit. Okay?
Nitin Awasthi:
Understood, sir. So lastly, from my side, what is the target for, on the sales
side, the volume side, which we have for this year for pet feed division?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Pet care division?
Nitin Awasthi:
Yeah.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
See, the thing is that there are two feeds that we are now producing.  One is
the cat food, which we have launched in January 25, and we plan to launch
the dog food, which is really the 80% market of pet care would be dog food.
The dog food will be launched in the month of August and cat food is only
20%.  So, the major portion of our sales will reflect in the third and fourth

23
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
quarter and Q1 of next year. That's how they we are planning.  So initially,
the acceptance by the market is also very important.  We are entering lot of
expenditure and promotional things that we're giving free samples. Venkat
Sanjeev would give more about the pet care products --
Mr. Alluri Venkata Sanjeev:
So, the acceptance, as of now, we've launched a cat food and we're planning
to launch a second flavor by end of this month.  The dog food, which is the
major portion of the pet food industry, it would be launching in August.
So, it would take some time for the market to catch up to the brand, but this
year we're expecting INR 10 crores revenue. That's what our target is.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
I may add that the good news for the investors is that our cat food is being
accepted very well by the market.  That is a very, very significant event for us
because the market is treating this as a good product, which is received
instantaneously by all the pet parents. They say that the pets are really
enjoying this feed compared to others.  That's the good news for the investors.
And we expect that dog food also will be having the same reception because
our quality, as you know, Avanti always maintains the best quality products,
so we maintain that also. That's what we can tell from our side.
Nitin Awasthi:
Understood, sir.  Thank you for answering my question.  Best of luck for the
future ventures. And also, I have also seen the cat food brand catching craze
around parts of Mumbai.  The last cat event, also you guys were present. So,
yeah, that is a good thing for the whole community and congratulations on
that, and best of luck going ahead.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao, Joint Managing Director:
Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from Rahul Rati from Purnatha. Please
go ahead.

24
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Rahul Rati:
Yes, good afternoon.  Congratulations on a great year.  You know, it's lots of
uncertainty and the delivery has been fantastic.  So, my two questions, so I'll
start with the first one. If I look at your five-year return on capital employed,
the lowest has been 13% and this year has been 23%.  And if I look at the last
10 years, 13% has been the lowest. So, we are in you know, somewhere in
the early 20s, how do you all think about return on capital employed? Is there
a thought process around what you all want? How do you decide capital
allocation decisions or the business side of things?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Yeah, if you look at the analysis, definitely our profitability has been very good
over the years and we are able to maintain that consistency. And as you know
that it is something which is completely, you know, based on the nature and
also market conditions. So, what we think is that the profitability that we are
getting, we keep to maintain the same levels of profitability as far as the
operations are concerned, particularly as a group, we have frozen foods, which
is now in the mode to really expand in the means the market, not to the
production, but it is to the diverting the market from the U.S. to other
countries. And also, the pet care project also is going to come. So, these are
the things.
And we consider that the return on capital should be at the same level on an
average around, 13%- 14%.
If you can get around 15%, that we would
consider as a very reasonable and good return on investment.
Rahul Rati:
You are at 23%.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
Of course. I would put it that is one of the best years that we cannot expect
that every year is going to be like this year. This year, fortunately, we got the
raw materials prices coming down. But you know what happened, after some
time, suddenly reciprocal tariff and we have to reduce the feed price by 3
rupees.  So, it directly impacted on the profitability.  Three rupees price. So,
like that, the unforeseen events do take place.

25
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Rahul Rati:
No. No. I’m not worried about unforeseen. I'm just worried about
management. So, let's say if I take next three, five years.  So next year and
three years, will you have above 20% return on capital employed or you're
looking at a lower return.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
We cannot give 20% assurance.
Rahul Rati:
Assurance, expectation?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
I'm not looking for.  See, if we can maintain 15%, we consider it as ideal.
Rahul Rati:
Okay. The second point is given that you're expecting a return on capital of
15%, you know if I look at the last five years, you've almost added 1,000 crores
plus as investments plus cash on the balance sheet from what is there and
it's not been used over the last, if we look at your 10-year history, you've
always added to cash on the balance sheet in terms of investments and cash.
Any thought processes around, you know, what you plan to do with, because
it'll be a drag on your return on capital and it'll also inflate your balance sheet.
So, any thoughts on capital allocation?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
I mean, I would like to look at this differently, if you see the balance sheet, we
don't have any borrowings.  Totally no borrowings, zero borrowings.  Do you
know what is the rate of working capital interest today? If you look at the
balance sheet and P&L account, how we are able to maintain the inventory
levels.  Because the money that is generated is going into that. Most portion
of that, particularly in the seasonal industry, we need money when the season
starts. For example, in soybean meal, the season starts in October. So, we
buy soybean meal in large quantities and keep it to maintain the price. Next
time it will go up.  See these are all the costs, which are not seen in the balance
sheet.

26
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Rahul Rati:
You are saying you require about INR 1,900 crores cash.
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
We always believe that, the management of the cash that we have should be
safe and it should be giving good value to the investors.  If we put some
industry, okay, we have money, we start some industry and if we don't get
returns on that, what will happen? What is the return that we can expect
today on any investment? You can't get big returns on investment and so
many risks are involved in any new industry.
So, what we believe, the Board of Directors believe that at the appropriate
time, we should be able to take the decisions, which will be in the interest of
the investors.  See earlier, we were thinking that this surplus should be used
only for capital but what we see practically is that when we use it for working
capital, we are able to make about 15% percent to 20% saving on the interest
alone i.e., financial cost.  You don't see it in our payroll account.
Rahul Rati:
Are you able to see that?
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao:
No, sir. That's what I'm trying to say. And your money is safe. Whatever is
there, we are always concerned for you. We don't believe in high yielding
commercial papers as far as our surplus funds is concerned.  We always go
for triple rated companies, secured, and at the same time, we try to maintain
7% to 8% pre-tax return and whatever the amount that is available after
utilizing for the working capital requirements.
Rahul Rati:
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. That will be the last question for the day. Ladies and gentlemen,
this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your participation
and for using Door Sabha's conference call service. You may disconnect your
lines now.

27
Avanti Feeds Limited
07.06.2025
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference call
Note:
1. This document has been edited to improve readability
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words.
