 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2025-26/07                                                                        Date – April 23, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025, 
conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors on April 17, 2025 which can also be accessed on the 
website of the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial-information/shareholder-
presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Digitally signed by Sonali Nitin 
Chandak 
Date: 2025.04.23 14:51:34 +05'30'

 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited Q4 FY’25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. NAOZAD SIRWALLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA – CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 
 
 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY’25 Earnings 
Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
From the Management Team, we have Mr. Navneet Munot, Mr. Naozad Sirwalla 
and Mr. Simal Kanuga. 
I now hand this call over to Simal Kanuga, who will give us a brief, following 
which we will proceed with the Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, Simal. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thanks, Sejal. Good afternoon/evening everyone and thank you for joining us 
today. Our Presentation is available both on exchanges as well as our website. 
As usual, we’ll start with a Quick Overview of the Industry: 
FY25 got concluded with AUM reaching 65.7 trillion, reflecting a 23% increase 
over the previous year. Of the Rs.12.3 trillion increase, approximately Rs.8.2 
trillion was in the form of net new flows. The comparable number for the previous 
financial year was Rs.3.5 trillion. This is the 13th consecutive year where industry 
has witnessed positive net flows. 
For FY’25 equity markets witnessed two distinct phases, more or less cut into two 
equal halves. NIFTY50 rose by 16% in the first half, that was April to September 
of 2024 and declined by 9% in the second half; October ‘24 to March ‘25. And in 
terms of flows into equity-oriented funds, the first half saw net flows of Rs.2.81 
trillion and second half witnessed net flows of Rs.2.74 trillion. For context, net 
new flows for financial year ending March ‘24 were Rs.2.62 trillion. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
During the current financial year, actively managed equity-oriented NFOs 
contributed Rs.900 billion, that is 18% of net-new actively managed equity-
oriented flows. The corresponding number for the previous year was Rs.546 
billion, which made up 23% of the flows of the previous year. 
Monthly SIP flows touched a record high of Rs.265 billion in December 2024, 
with March ‘25 logging in Rs.259 billion. Comparable number for March ‘24 was 
rupees 193 billion. That is, industry has added just about Rs.67 billion to monthly 
flows. 
In FY’25, the industry witness inflows into debt and liquid funds, adding up to 
Rs.1.35 trillion. ETF saw inflows of Rs.831 billion while arbitrage funds attracted 
Rs.508 billion. 
We now move to us: 
We crossed Rs.7.5 trillion in overall AUM with the market share of 11.5% and 
12.7% if we exclude ETF on QAAUM basis. Equity-oriented assets at Rs.5 trillion, 
64% of our quarterly average AUM, well above industry average of 56%. For 
actively managed equity-oriented AUM, our market share is 12.8%, while for debt 
and liquid it is at 13.1 and 12.5 on QAAUM. 
Individual investors contribution to our monthly average AUM remains steady at 
70% compared to 60% for the industry. We held a 13.2% share of individual 
monthly average AUM for March 2025.  
The industry added 9.7 million new investors over the year. We added 3.5 million. 
Flows through systematic transactions for March 2025 were Rs.36.5 billion, up 
24% as compared to March of ‘24. 
We also continue to expand our physical presence, adding 25 new offices in Jan 
2025, which means we have added 50 new offices over the past 15 months. That 
takes our network to 280 offices with 196 offices in beyond the top 30 cities. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
We continue to constantly enhance and better digital experience for our customers. 
And now 94% of our transactions are processed digitally. 
Quick Update on Financials: 
Our revenue from operations for FY’25 came in at Rs.34,980 million, growth of 
35% YoY. Operating profit for the year added up to Rs.27,261 million, growth of 
43% YoY with an operating profit margin of 36 basis points of AUM. 
PAT for the year was Rs.24,609 million, growth of 26% YoY. 
The Board earlier today has recommended a dividend of Rs.90 per share as against 
Rs.70 per share last year translating into a dividend payout ratio of 78%. This of 
course is subject to shareholders’ approval. 
We can now open the open the call for questions. Navneet and Naozad, both are 
very much in the same room. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening, sir and congratulations for good set of numbers. Sir, I just 
have two questions. Firstly, on the revenue yield side. So, in this particular quarter, 
we saw that it has declined by about one basis point. So, I just wanted to understand 
whether it is a function of mix change or is there anything else to read into it? 
Further, like if we look at our direct TER disclosures there, we were seeing that in 
some of the equity schemes, it has increased materially. So, wouldn’t that have 
helped in inching up the revenue yields? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I mean the management fees is same, in direct as well as the regular plan. So, 
that wouldn’t be impact. It’s broadly been in line with the last quarter. I think we 
have been saying in the last quarter also that equity is around 58 basis points, debt 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
is 28 basis points and liquid is 12 basis points and revenue margins over the last 
four quarters if I remember correctly in Q1 was 46.3 with equity asset mix was 
64%, in Q2 was 46.4 with mix coming in slightly higher; 65.7, Q3 was 47.1 with 
again a similar mix, and this time the mix was slightly lower at 63.8 and Q4 
margins were 47.2. 
Lalit Deo: 
Okay. And sir, like second question was on the ESOP scheme. So, we have 
announced the new ESOP plan. So, just wanted to understand like how should it 
be budgeted from the cost perspective for the overall ESOP? 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. So, firstly, as of now, we are seeking approval from shareholders for stock 
options/performance stock units (PSU). This is not what we are giving or allotting 
as of now. This is for future. This gives me an opportunity to give you a perspective 
on what this is about. So, in HDFC AMC, we recognize that our people are central 
to delivering consistent, long-term, sustainable value to our clients and 
shareholders. And as part of our efforts to attract, retain and align high quality 
talent with business outcome, the (NRC), the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee of the Board approved these changes. In 2020 we had secured 
shareholder approval to allocate approximately 32 lakh shares to employees 
overtime. Since then, out of these 32 lakh shares, NRC has granted around 23 lakh 
shares. That remaining 8.7 lakhs have now been cancelled. So, no further shares 
will be allotted under that scheme.  
` 
The NRC has approved a new scheme that is ESOP and PSU Scheme 2025. This 
will now go for shareholder approval. So, we are seeking approval for 25 lakh 
shares, including Performance Stock Units (PSUs). It will be an NRC’s prerogative 
to allocate these shares over a period of time. Last time, we took approval in 2020 
for 32 lakh shares, as I mentioned, and of that we are cancelling 8.7 lakhs. The 
balance 23 lakh shares were allocated over the last five years including 10.5 lakh 
shares to over 600 of our people in 2023.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
The previous scheme had vesting spread equally over three years. New scheme 
will have deferred vesting, that is 10% in first year, 20% in 2nd, 30% in 3rd and 
40% in the 4th, so 10, 20, 30, 40 over a four-year period. And we are of the opinion 
that this is better aligned with the interest of our shareholders and reinforces long-
term performance. The NRC has also approved the issuance of PSUs within this 
overall limit of 25 lakh shares. So, 25 lakh includes both, the ESOPs as well as the 
PSUs. PSUs will be granted at face value and will vest 30% in 3rd year and 70% 
in 4th year contingent upon meeting clearly defined performance parameters 
primarily based on revenue, profitability, etc. Importantly, and I must say this 
PSUs will not be granted to me or my direct reports who are classified as head of 
department. The HDFC group have consistently championed employee ownership 
across its companies and this new framework reinforces that ethos while 
responding to the evolving expectations of talent and demand of our industry. So, 
let me reiterate that there is no intention of allotting entire 25 lakh shares at this 
instance. It will be spread over time similar to our old scheme and we’ll come back 
to you after the shareholder approval and the discussion with the NRC on 
allocation, etc. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA India 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. My question broadly was around the equity segment and the trend within 
that retail and HNI as the break-up we get from AMFI. So, what I noticed was on 
quarter-on-quarter basis, both the segments have contracted similarly between 
December to March. So, if you can help us understand how has the behavior of 
customers in these two segments been --have there been any differences or any 
qualitative comments you can make about these two categories, because one would 
think that during volatile markets, the HNI exists much more and much faster etc., 
So, any comments over here would be useful? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Navneet Munot: 
As I mentioned in the opening remarks that if you look at last year and you split 
into the two phases, a year of two halves, NIFTY was up 16% or so in the in the 
first half, and the market was down, I think 9%, 10% or so in the second half. But 
if you look at the flows into equity-oriented funds, the first half saw net flows of 
2.81 trillion and the second half was 2.74 trillion. If you compare with the last year, 
the last year had net flows of 2.62 trillion in the entire year. Also, if you look at 
the SIP flows in the last four or five months, I think it’s almost flat; around 26,000 
crores or so. So, I think we are seeing greater resilience among investors. I think 
it’s a collective effort of the industry association, collective efforts by all the 
industry players, our distributors, advisors and everyone to give the message to the 
investors that they need to invest in the long-term orientation and clearly, I think 
that seems to be bearing fruit and we are seeing people continuing with their 
investments. In fact, if I draw your attention to gross flows and redemption 
numbers, which will give you some more insight into investor behavior. So, as I 
said earlier that this was the year of two halves and in the first half of FY25 when 
the market was up, gross inflows stood at Rs.5.87 trillion with redemptions at 
Rs.3.06 trillion. In the second half when the market was down by 9% or so, while 
gross inflows moderated to 5.12 trillion, redemptions also declined to 2.38 trillion. 
So, people are also going slow on redeeming, right, I mean if you’ve got the point 
that I’m trying to make. 
Shreya Shivani: 
But sir, one of the things that we saw also with AMFI reporting the monthly data 
is in terms of the number of SIP registered and number of SIP closed or redeemed, 
whatever. In that, the number of SIP registered in the past two months, that number 
has been on a declining trend. So, is it fair to say that while the ones who are 
invested are continuing to be in the game, but the choppy markets have dissuaded 
the newer customer from entering, would that be a fair assessment right now? 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you for asking that and there seems to be a lot of noise around this point. 
So, I’m happy that you asked me this. AMFI has started publishing an additional 
data point on their website. You might have seen that - the number of contributing 
SIP accounts, which is a true reflection of investor activity. The contributing 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
accounts in December 2024 were 8.27 crores and the number for March was 8.11 
crores. It would be a good idea to keep this number at the core. The more relevant 
of course is the fund flow through SIP and I have mentioned this point several 
times. SIP collections reached a record high of 26,400 something in December ‘24 
and even in March ‘25 contributions were strong at 25,900-odd crores. So, it’s just 
a 2% dip or in absolute terms around 500 crores dip on a base of 26,000 crores 
plus. And it would be pertinent to note that the last working day for March 2025 
was 28 as against 31st for December ‘24. So, it’s three days short and everyday 
matters for SIP trigger. So, some part of this dip can also be attributed to this also. 
SIP collections in March ‘25, we believe remain resilient at 98% of their record 
high. And if you compare year-on-year then it’s a robust 35% growth YoY. And 
this is despite I mean heightened volatility and global uncertainties. So, the 
resilient participation reflects the growing maturity, confidence, and I strongly 
believe it’s the long-term orientation of Indian investors and commitment to the 
disciplined wealth creation. So, while we appreciate that there may be periodic 
closures or pauses on a month-on-month basis, which are natural, the overall trend 
continues to remain strong, and as I see it, there is clearly growing investor interest 
in systematic investing. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it, sir. This is very useful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Chheda from Awriga 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Congrats on the result in such a tough quarter. 
My question is on the cash balances. Previously when we had spoken to you guys, 
you had mentioned that we might be looking at using some of this cash to become 
an anchor investor in our efforts to build the alternative side of the business. Just 
wanted to know where are we in that journey? Can you elaborate? Is there 
something in the near offering? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Navneet Munot: 
I can answer on the alternate side, but on the cash balance do you want to highlight 
anything on that? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, again, just to cover the cash balance, we have always made a priority to return 
value to our stakeholders, right. So, this year our payout ratio is 78%. And in fact, 
if you look at our sort of realized operating post tax profit, given that we have a 
mark-to-market on other income, we have practically distributed the entire realized 
post-tax profit this year as dividends. That’s on the cash flow status. Skin in the 
game from a SEBI perspective, we continue to have to invest in our own schemes 
based on the SEBI formula. So, that continues. And on the AIF front, we have 
mentioned in the past. Navneet will add, but we have committed significant capital 
to seeding our Fund of Funds which was our first initiative on the alternate 
platform. We are going to soon launch the credit fund and where again the balance 
sheet of the AMC will be a significant investor and maybe Navneet to add. 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes, sure. So, you have already mentioned, Naozad, that the alternative platform 
continues to gain momentum. As we mentioned, we closed our first Cat II AIF 
Fund of Funds. The portfolio construction has been progressing very well. As we 
mentioned earlier, we got over 400 investors and we believe that over the next 
couple of quarters we would have more offerings within the alternative space. We 
have got approval to launch a category-II credit fund. So, we are expanding our 
presence in Alternate space with the launch of HDFC AMC Credit Opportunities 
Fund. The team has been in place for over a year and we would be approaching 
investors and our distributors for that product. On the wholly-owned subsidiary 
side, HDFC AMC International (IFSC) Limited, we went live with three funds in 
the third quarter of FY’25 and has seen a good response. It is positioned to enable 
international investors to tap into India’s growth story and we are also gearing up 
to empower Indian investors to explore global opportunities as we build out these 
capabilities. So, we remain committed to seizing any emerging opportunities to 
drive growth and strengthen our competitive edge. And as you ask that, yes, over 
a period of time, this will be a good deployment of our capital. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Ronak Chheda: 
Sir, would it be possible for you to quantify the amount of money we are planning 
to use from our own balance sheet for the next near-term funds which we’re going 
to launch? 
Navneet Munot: 
Last time in the fund of fund whatever we got, we put 10% from our balance sheet 
as skin in the game. In our Credit Opportunities Fund, we will do the same. And 
over a period of time, as we come with more offerings, we would have an 
opportunity to deploy capital there. Just to make one more point on that. While you 
mentioned about the capital going into alternate or the GIFT City opportunity, but 
I mentioned earlier also that with a healthy cash position, we are well placed to 
take advantage of strategic opportunities. We also remain proactive and evaluating 
any M&A opportunity that can accelerate growth or strengthen our presence in the 
relevant segments. So, it gives us a lot of strategic advantage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Pande from Athena Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Hi, good evening, everybody. Thanks for the opportunity. The first question is we 
can see that on the equity AUM distribution mix direct specifically has seen an 
uptick. So, in your opinion, how do we look at it from a long-term horizon? 
Navneet Munot: 
Your question is the direct channel percentage of total AUM is increasing, right? 
Bhavin Pande: 
Yes, sir. 
Navneet Munot: 
One that because of the lower TER automatically you would assume that direct as 
a percentage would keep increasing because you have a lower TER as simple as 
that. The distribution pie data provided should not be viewed as a direct 
representation of market share within specific channel. In last like one year or so, 
the direct channel has seen a notable increase; it’s grown from 25% to 27.8%. This 
is driven by fintech platforms plus RIAs and of course large family offices and 
high networth individuals who invest with AMCs directly. Additionally, we have 
to keep in mind that with everything else being same, the share of direct plan will 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
keep on increasing by default that I mentioned earlier due to the differential of 
TER between the direct and regular plan. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay. And on the market share side, does a flow market share continue to be higher 
than the stock market share, both in lump sum as well as SIP? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. 
Bhavin Pande: 
And for fund performance, how do we sort of look at it? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, I think it’s been now very encouraging, and I think we have navigated the 
market cycle very well. We have seen significant volatility over the last couple of 
months and I think portfolios were positioned rightly. Some of the funds which 
went quite cautious, I can take the names of let’s say our mid cap fund or a small 
cap fund where we clearly noticed froth in pockets of market. I think the fund 
managers took the right call and in last couple of months we have seen significant 
uptick in our performance in those funds and across the board I think we feel very 
proud of the performance that our investment team has delivered. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay. And indicatively so far, the SIP trends continue to be at par with what we 
saw over the last year four months, or they are tad higher given the recovery in 
markets? 
Simal Kanuga: 
You’re talking about April. I think we would want to pass that. As of now, we 
don’t want to comment on any data to do with April. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay, okay. That helps. Thanks a lot, and good luck to you. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citigroup. 
Please go ahead. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
First question, on the SIP number and if I see your SIP ticket size on a March exit 
basis, it seems that it has gone down by around 10%, 12% on a YoY basis. While 
I understand that the industry numbers have also kind of been a little soft on the 
SIP ticket size, but it seems that for you the decline has been a little bit more and 
also your SIP market share also over the last two quarters have been a little soft. 
So, I just want to get some idea of why is this differential in ticket size trajectory 
between you and the industry? That would be the first question. My second 
question is a follow up on one of the previous participant’s question in terms of 
the yield number. Normally seasonally always in the fourth quarter historically we 
have also seen some adjustments that happen. So, first is, has there been any 
adjustment in this quarter or the entire 0.9 bps of decline can be entirely attributed 
to the mix change out there? And the last question is on the OPEX part. I mean, ex 
of ESOP or even including ESOP for that matter the expense guidance of 10% to 
15%, does that hold true going ahead? 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. Dipanjan, first on the systematic number, and I must clarify, as you are 
aware, systematic transactions numbers that we report include both SIP and STP 
that is Systematic Investment Plan and Systematic Transfer Plan. The decline that 
you have seen in our systematic transactions can largely be attributed to STP and 
you would know that STPs are higher in value terms and hence you are seeing that 
effect. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
On the yields where are you seeing the decline? 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
I’m just taking your operational revenue, which is like let’s say 9 billion almost 
for the quarter… on your operating revenue, only the operational yields, not the 
operating margins. 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, basically if you look at yield, it was 47.1 in the last quarter, 47.2 in this quarter. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
It’s also a number of days issue, Q3 had 92 days. Q4 had 90 days. That itself is an 
impact plus AUM has been overall lower than last quarter, that has an impact on 
yields. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Okay. The revenue decline I understand is a function of less number of days but 
average AUM is let’s say whatever you have reported some around 7,740 billion 
and your revenues are around 9 billion. So, if you kind of do a simple math on that 
and annualize it, I think the number comes out to be around 46.3. But anyway, I’ll 
maybe take it offline, if that’s fine. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Operating expense as an overall expense, the guidance of 10% to 15%, does that 
still hold with the new ESOP plans being rolled out or kind of going for shareholder 
approval? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
ESOP bit, currently it’s too premature to comment on the cost of assets because 
the specific quantum of allocation of ESOP/PSUs, timing of issuance will all be 
determined by NRC in due course. First thing is that we would like to highlight 
that this will be a one-time non-cash cost, right. The way it works in accounting is 
based on the Black-Scholes valuation, you amortize that cost over the vesting 
period, and it does not impact the company’s cash flow. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
But ex of ESOP, how should one think of the growth in expense if let’s say the 
next year continues to be a little bit soft on incremental volumes? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
We don’t give specific forward-looking guidance, but you’ve known us to be 
always prudent when it comes to spending, right and then in the way we think 
about cost. Having said that, we are very keen and want to capitalize on our 
opportunities that strengthen our position, right, and broaden our capabilities. So, 
our focus will remain on building a leading future ready asset management 
company. And in that regard, if we have to continue to invest for the future, we 
will. The past trend of growth in expenses of employee costs as well as other 
expenses available. With the CAGR over three years, five years you have the 
numbers, they are fairly, very much in control. Our total expense as a percentage 
of AUM is about 10 basis points for FY25. This is aided by obviously the rapid 
rise in AUM and despite increase in number of people and 50 branches over the 
last 15 months and investments in technology, etc., we have managed to keep the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
cost at 10 basis points. I would just like to add a note of caution here that the 10 
basis points is not what one would like to build future estimates on, because if and 
when during a period when if AUM growth moderates, this number might look 
different. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thank you, sir and all the best. 
Simal Kanuga: 
But then just before just one thing, the point on the ESOP that you are referring to 
as of now, it is just taking an approval, it is after the NRC will decide, then 
allocations will happen, and after that they will come. So, of course at that point in 
time we will give all the details. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Melvin Mehta from Sterling 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Melvin Mehta: 
A quick question on asset management company having investment in the funds. 
Just to clarify, is it only at the start of that fund formation or is that continuing as 
the fund grows larger and bigger? 
Simal Kanuga: 
No, actually investments in our funds is regulatory. So, basically there is skin in 
the game circular whereby depending on the risk of the particular asset class, there 
is a certain basis points of AUM that we need to keep investing. So, more capital 
we are able to raise, our investment in that fund keeps going up. 
Melvin Mehta: 
Can that be kind of shared with an external agency or it’s absolutely necessary for 
us to fund that? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, as it is skin in the game, so we have to put in our own money, our own balance 
sheet capital. 
Melvin Mehta: 
It has to be from the balance sheet? 
Simal Kanuga: 
It is. It is a regulation. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Melvin Mehta: 
Yes. And is it 10% for all firms, is it 5%? I’m sorry, I’m a bit ignorant. 
Navneet Munot: 
10% was for alternative investment fund of funds that we launched and the private 
credit fund that we are about to launch. This is a different thing. This is in our 
mutual fund business where there is a SEBI circular on skin in the game depending 
on the profile of an asset class, there’s a certain basis point of AUM that we have 
to invest from the AMCs balance sheet. 
Melvin Mehta: 
Got you. And is this a recent announcement? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Sometime back. Just to clarify, the investment in AIF is voluntary from our balance 
sheet, there is a minimum criterion that SEBI is prescribing, we are of course 
investing way above that criteria. 
Melvin Mehta: 
Sure. Thank you very much. And given the kind of strong HDFC brand which 
needs no introduction at least in the Indian context, is raising more foreign money 
to invest in India a priority or clearly the management is focusing on the domestic 
market? 
Navneet Munot: 
You are asking investing globally by domestic investors? 
Melvin Mehta: 
That was my second connected question. So, then I’m asking two questions here. 
One is HDFC’s brand basically given the domestic market but also raising money 
from abroad to invest in the domestic market? And part-B was obviously given the 
HDFC’s brand in the domestic market, to basically launch global funds, which will 
be obviously where the investors will be the domestic Indian investors? 
Navneet Munot: 
You’re absolutely right. So, with that intent, we set up a wholly-owned subsidiary, 
HDFC AMC International (IFSC) Limited. As mentioned earlier, that we have 
gone live with three funds in the third quarter of FY25. We would be coming out 
with more number of funds in the months to come and it is positioned for both; 
one to enable global investors to tap into Indian markets and second, over a period 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
of time also to empower Indian investors to invest globally and then we are 
building out capabilities to enable both. 
Melvin Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you for that. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening, everyone. Firstly, on the SIP closures, while you alluded 
to the fact that it’s not an alarming sign yet, but any behavioral difference between 
online platforms and the advice or the mutual fund distributor route? What we are 
hearing is the closures are more on the direct side rather than the advice side. Could 
you give some color there as to what’s the trend there? 
Navneet Munot: 
Year-on-year if you look at there has been a significant increase in the monthly 
SIP to 26,000 crores. And in terms of accounts I gave you the number earlier. I 
mean over the last couple of months, as of now, I mean looking at the investor 
behavior gives us confidence that investors are a lot more resilient, they are 
showing more maturity, more confidence in the long-term potential of markets and 
industry continues to put huge efforts to ensure that investors invest in a disciplined 
manner. Are there big differences among different channels? Not that I can 
honestly comment more on that. A lot of investors have come in the last couple of 
years and it is a good test, that is the volatility of last few months and we are 
encouraged to see the response of the way investors have behaved in the last few 
months. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Any trends that you can see on the debt side where the interest rate cuts, the 
duration, the longer duration or pick up in any of that category? 
Navneet Munot: 
This is the first year where we have seen positive flows both in debt fund as well 
as liquid fund net flows trending positive. Despite that, I would say debt mutual 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
funds haven’t quite caught on with retail investors. The industry is still working 
very hard to change that and in AMFI we started a campaign “Debt Funds Sahi 
Hain’ around a year back or so. That was a good step aiming to raise more 
awareness, especially around how debt products can support long term goals like 
retirement planning. We believe that serves as a strategic tool in managing market 
volatility helps investors optimize for stability and overall returns while balancing 
risk. We have seen an encouraging trend. Those who have stayed invested over the 
long term have benefited and corporates continue to use the short-term debt 
products for liquidity management and we have seen flows in this year. So, I 
remain optimistic and hopeful for a favorable change in the debt fund taxation, that 
along with sustained awareness efforts will help unlock the full potential of India’s 
debt market. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Is there institutional money kind of coming to the longer duration? Is there some 
initial trend where people have started looking at debt mutual funds or hybrid with 
a higher proportion of debt? Any of those trends are visible right now? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, in India, when we say institutions, that’s largely corporate treasuries. I think 
their investments would more be at the shorter end of the curve. Individual 
investors have shown interest in long term bond products like our long-term bond 
fund has seen healthy flows in last year or two. We have seen that trend from 
individual investors, but otherwise corporate treasuries are largely at the short end. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. The last question is on the other income. We have seen a sequential 
improvement there. I believe the equity markets were flattish on a NIFTY basis 
and small cap, mid-caps were down. What kind of explains this increase in other 
income sequentially? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, it is a function of our balance sheet. A lot of the investments are also in debt 
mutual funds of our own, right, and there were a couple of rate cuts. So, we had 
some benefit of that. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Right. Got that, got that. Thank you. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishna Manotra from NJ India 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Krishna Manotra: 
I just had one question. There is currently a buzz going around in the market 
regarding thematic and sectoral fund space. So, like most of them have not 
performed in the past six months and the data I have is we have higher yields in 
the thematic and sectoral fund compared to the mid cap and small cap funds. So, 
going forward, if we consider that lower inflows into those funds, so can we 
consider the equity yields slowing down further from here? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, overall that’s still a very small part of our overall product portfolio and also in 
line with the views of our investment team and the product team we have launched 
couple of products in the last few years. But that that still are not a meaningful part 
of our overall equity portfolio. 
Krishna Manotra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. Just coming back on the SIP 
discontinuances, I know that the overall flow number has been very resilient and 
it seems to suggest obviously something has structurally changed or at least looks 
like. But there is a little bit of worry in the sense that we continue to see higher SIP 
stoppages versus the new creation. And if this sustains, then should we be actually 
worried that at some point of time this will flow through in the SIP flow number, 
is that the correct way to think about it or are we missing anything here? Secondly, 
I think there was also this narrative around AMFI cleaning up this number because 
some of the direct platforms or online platforms continued to show SIPs which 
were not getting triggered, or which were not getting paid also in that number. So, 
has that played out? Some sense on these two things will be helpful. Thanks. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Navneet Munot: 
So, Madhukar, the SIP ceased counts have grown over the earlier baseline in the 
four-month period from December ‘24 to March ‘25. But I mentioned earlier, the 
one number that everybody should track is that over the peak collections in 
December, gross SIP collections are down just about 2% from December ‘24. And 
December ‘24 was a peak and it’s down 2% in March ‘25. A large number of these 
seized SIP or the SIP closed are part of a super set which had missed more than 
three installments. Now, the real paying SIP is that number, that column that has 
got added and I think you are referring to that number and then on the AMFI 
website, the real paying SIPs have not suffered too much because of any negative 
investor sentiment. And again, I would repeat that despite the sharp fall in the 
market, monthly SIP collections holding to within 98% of the peak number is a 
strong testimony to the investor sentiment and collective effort that the industry 
has made. And honestly, I mean two years back had you asked me to project the 
SIP number, nobody would have projected the number where we are today. And a 
year back when we were at 19,000, I mean, few people would have projected that 
we would be at 26,000 given what has happened in the market in the last six 
months. So, we feel very encouraged. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Yes, that is bang on. So, that is completely true and I agree with you completely. 
So, just one follow up. So, is this clean up sort of done? You said more than three 
months if people have not paid that number they’ve removed that it seems. So, are 
we largely done with that or this can have like maybe a couple of more months of 
time? 
Navneet Munot: 
Because there’s been so much noise around it. The way you should see is one that 
the amount that has been collected is what reflects in that 26,000 odd crores of the 
gross flow. That’s an important number. And the second important number is the 
people who have credited that amount in the month. So, both these numbers are 
very relevant and gives you a true reflection of what’s happening on the SIP front. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Actually, there is a number published of contributing SIPs on AMFI website. So, 
you can just go ahead and look at that. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Navneet Munot: 
That number were contributed in this month. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Yes, that is also quite very robust. So, there’s no problem with that. Yes. Got it. 
We had done the distributor payout rationalization. I just did some back-of-the-
envelope calculation and if we were to account for the 90 and 92 days in the 
quarter, then it seems that the equity yields are holding up or are slightly better on 
a QoQ basis. Would that be a fair assessment? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
More or less in the same ZIP code on the equities and little bit on the third basis 
point maybe. But yes, what we mentioned around was 58 basis points. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Bihani from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Bihani: 
Yes, hi, good evening. We have seen the flows from NFOs into equity schemes. 
The industry declined sharply over the past 2-3 months, though NFO flows have 
been quite strong in FY25, accounting for around about 15% to 20% of the overall 
equity flows. So, what is your take on NFO flows going forward and its impact on 
overall flows into the equity schemes or should we see some slowdown there? 
Navneet Munot: 
We have seen some cycles. I think we see some quarters where NFOs contribute 
larger part to the overall flows, there are quarters when they are low. At our end, I 
think we believe our product suite is very comprehensive and we cover a wide 
spectrum of investor needs across all categories. But for industry overall, I think 
fund houses who don’t have a product in certain categories, they would continue 
to launch, but yes, I mean, as I mentioned, those flows are little, if I can use the 
word. 
Ankit Bihani: 
Okay. Yes, that’s it. Thank you. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. My question was on the STP plus SIP number that 
you disclosed. So, the industry number as you were saying is almost flat on a 
quarter-to-quarter basis versus the decline that we have seen. But adjusting for the 
STP issue, would it be fair to say that it’s kind of mirroring the broader industry 
trend itself? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. So, I told you that the industry’s SIP number for December was 26,500 or 
something and March was 25,900. So, this was a decline of 2%, our declined 
during the same period was less than 2%. But the fall that you are seeing in our 
systematic number is on account of impact on STP, the Systematic Transfer Plan. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. That was the only question I had. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Sharma from HSBC. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Sharma: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, again harping on this SIP. So, while 
we understand that the gross inflows have been steady for you as well as the 
industry. Just wanted to understand whether segmentally is there any change like 
those have been moving towards the flexi cap and large cap more from the mid cap 
or small cap in the last six months, if you can provide some color around that? And 
the second one is related to this specialized investment funds. Any timelines or any 
further communication you have received from the regulator when we can expect 
the launch of these funds? These are my two questions. 
Navneet Munot: 
So, first on the SIP flows, I mean, in a very short period of time, investors may not 
switch from one category of fund to another fund. Incremental flows have a 
tendency to see a trend depending on how the markets have been and how the 
investors views have been. And as I mentioned earlier, again at our end, the 
systematic number that we report are both SIP and STP and there’s some bit of fall 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
on the STP side. SIPs are like higher in value. So, you see that effect depending on 
the market.  
On the SIF side, see, the purpose of introducing SIF was to offer investors who are 
leaning towards unregulated or unregistered products, regulated alternative with 
mutual funds who are very well governed and our transparency levels, our risk 
management, our overall governance is very different. So, to provide a very secure 
framework under the regulatory umbrella, that was the genesis behind coming out 
with the whole SIF regulation as SEBI chair had mentioned earlier. With the 
regulatory framework now in place, we are actively evaluating potential 
opportunities in this space. So, the team is working on creating the right set of 
products that leverage our investment capability, our risk management and product 
capability on one side and the evolving investor needs on the other side. So, I mean, 
just like any other thing, whether be it active funds, be it passive funds, be it 
alternatives, PMS, we want to be a one stop shop offering a wide range of savings 
and investment products. The strength comes from a combination of factors; large 
and well diversified investor base on one side and the deep investment risk 
management and product capability on the other side. 
Gaurav Sharma: 
Understood, sir. Those are my only questions. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum 
Broking Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. My 
first question is on the tax rate. So, I think this quarter we had around 23.5%. I 
mean, if I look at the full year, it’s good; 25% and for maybe 2-3 years, should we 
assume the tax rate to be 25%? And the reason why I’m asking is that because in 
Financial Year ‘24 we just had around 21.5% tax rate. So, how should we see that 
going forward? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, this year the tax rate is higher than last year simply because the capital gains 
rate was increased in the budget. We obviously create deferred tax liabilities on 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
our mark-to-market gain. So, that’s the reason for the tax rate. So, now our tax is 
very close to corporate effective tax rate. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Right. So, going forward also I think we should assume that this would be kind of 
maintained? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Typically, don’t give guidance going forward. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. Next is in terms of the number of branches, I think we opened around 
26 branches this year. So, going forward, do you think you will increase number 
of branches, or you will keep it constant, any kind of color on that? 
Navneet Munot: 
On the network expansion side, you rightly noticed, I mean, we have opened 
around 50-odd branches in last 15 months or so. We keep evaluating our physical 
presence across the country. We also keep investing in our digital capability and 
keep taking a view. This is also driven by looking at the different geographical 
spread where our presence is and where the potential for the business is. But I must 
add, I might have mentioned in earlier call that we approach branch of openings 
very thoughtfully. So, one in focusing on building business in a city or town 
through branches in neighboring areas, and a decision to open a new branch is 
made only after achieving a desired AUM, and they generally break even in a time. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. Thanks, and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow up question is from the line of Melvin Mehta from 
Sterling Investments. Please go ahead. 
Melvin Mehta: 
Thank you very much for allowing me in the second round. Probably this is for 
Navneet. Half the question is actually an AMFI question and half as you as a leader 
of HDFC. In terms of these direct plans, as you rightly said kind of having a take 
up. How do you see the MFD market evolving in the year or two period and a little 
bit of a longer-term period? Do you think the automatic route would then the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
natural expectation is to be that the RIAs will take up? Do you think India is a 
market where MFDs would be basically around for a longer time? 
Navneet Munot: 
India is a market where I think all of these channels will flourish and I think 
whether it’s MFDs who have worked very hard over the last several decades. 
Industry used to be substantially smaller than the size we are seeing now and I 
think to all of those hundreds of thousands of distributors who work very hard in 
bringing the industry to where it is currently across the length and breadth of the 
country. There are national distributors, the platforms who have a large base of 
sub-brokers or distributors who work very hard, banks who sell through their 
branches and relationship managers across the country, the fintech channel which 
has done wonderfully well over the last couple of years in terms of bringing new 
investors, particularly through the SIP route in the last couple of years and then of 
course the registered investment advisors, while their numbers haven’t grown, but 
as an industry, they also continue to work with the regulator and all of us to have 
increase and their reach over a period of time. And there is room for all of them to 
grow and over the next several years, as penetration increases in India, all of these 
channels have a role to play. 
Melvin Mehta: 
Thank you, Navneet. And are you expecting the RIAs which are more regulated at 
the moment, and MFDs which are very, very light regulated, are you expecting the 
MFDs to be regulated slightly more than where they are currently and RIA to 
slightly be reduced in terms of their compliance requirements? 
Navneet Munot: 
That’s not the right way to put it. I think MFDs are also I would say well regulated 
in terms of like adhering to the code of conduct and all the other business practices 
which are guided by AMFI and of course asset managers who deal with the mutual 
fund distributors, all of us are deeply focused that we have right set of practices in 
the industry. And RIA as I mentioned earlier that are smaller in number currently. 
But given the needs of investors over a period of time and with some of the recent 
changes in the regulation, I see tremendous hope for them to grow as well. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
Melvin Mehta: 
Yes. Because only recently in my India trip, Navneet, I got a call from two 
insurance agents. I just feel that the insurance agents are very, very lightly 
regulated compared to our industry. 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean, it won’t be fair on my part to comment on some other industry. 
Melvin Mehta: 
Yes. But given that most people in this world are not kind of natural investors and 
there is an element of sales required which I think the insurance industry does very 
well and dare I say even sell strong ULIP products whereas our industry seems to 
be regulated in very harsh terms. 
Navneet Munot: 
No, I mean we have always mentioned as an industry that greater level of 
transparency, better disclosures, better management, better customer centricity is 
always good. Ultimately, we are managing somebody else’s money and trust is 
central to everything that we do and that applies to the entire ecosystem, whether 
it’s asset managers or our distributors or our advisors or everybody else in the 
ecosystem. For us, I mean, trust is central to the way we see growing this industry. 
Melvin Mehta: 
Thank you very much. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand this call over to 
Mr. Navneet Munot for closing comments. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
