 
 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED  
Registered Office: No.57, 13th Cross, Novel Business Park, Hosur Road, Anepalya, Adugodi, Bengaluru - 560030  
Corporate Office: Suite 1, 8th Floor, Raheja Mindspace, Building No. 4, Hyderabad-500081 
CIN NO: L72200KA2015PLC082873 | Website: www.xelpmoc.in | Email: hello@xelpmoc.in | Mob. No: (+91) 6364316889 
Bengaluru | Hyderabad | Mumbai 
June 09, 2025 
 
To                                                                                                                                   
BSE Limited 
 
Department of Corporate Services 
Listing Department 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Scrip Code: 542367 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Symbol: XELPMOC 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call on Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for 
the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025   
 
In continuation to our letter dated May 27, 2025 and June 02, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the Transcript  of the Earnings Call 
held on Monday, June 02, 2025, at 05:00 p.m. for discussing operational and financial 
performance in quarter and year ended March 31, 2025 and the same is available on the 
Company's website at https://www.xelpmoc.in/earningscalltranscript. 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vaishali Shetty 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
VAISHALI 
S SHETTY
Digitally signed by 
VAISHALI S SHETTY 
Date: 2025.06.09 
16:20:57 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
  
“Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 02, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANDIPAN CHATTOPADHYAY – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED  
MR. SRINIVAS KOORA – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED 
MR. JAISON JOSE – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAVI UDESHI – ERNST & YOUNG  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited Q4 
and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi 
Udeshi. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ravi Udeshi: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good evening to all of you and welcome you to the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited. We have sent you the press release, and 
the investor presentation and the same also has been uploaded on the Xelpmoc website as well 
as on the Stock Exchange. In case anyone does not have a copy of the same, please do write to 
us. To discuss the results and the outlook for the future going forward. 
 
We have with us today the top management of Xelpmoc, represented by Mr. Sandipan 
Chattopadhyay, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Srinivas Koora, Whole-time Director and 
CFO; and Mr. Jaison Jose, Whole-time Director. Before we start the call, I would just like to 
remind you that the safe harbor clause applies. 
 
With that said, I now hand over the call to Mr. Srinivas Koora. Over to you, sir. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Xelpmoc's earnings call for Q4 and 
FY '25. I hope you and your family are doing well. We are still seeing challenges in the startup 
sector due to a volatility in funding within the emerging technology sector. As mentioned in our 
previous call, we are maintaining our focus on the corporate segment.  
Our consolidated operating revenue for the quarter, it was recorded INR 7.1 million for Q4 FY 
'25 as compared to INR 9.1 million in Q4 FY '24 and INR 8.3 million in Q3 FY '25. The revenue 
decrease on the year-on-year basis on account of the transition from the startup segment to the 
corporate segment. We are seeing interest from corporates for our services.  
However, the conversion is expected to take some time. Hence, we expect our revenues to 
gradually start getting traction over the next few quarters. Operating EBITDA adjusted for the 
quarter was negative INR 15.3 million as compared to negative INR 49.2 million in Q4 FY '24 
and negative INR 19.8 million for Q3 FY '25. I would like to give some context to the EBITDA 
loss in Q4 FY '25.  
 
Though our operating expenses have reduced, however, the decrease in revenue was due to the 
said losses. We expect our operating cost to be stable from hereon. Net loss for the quarter was 
INR 18.4 million, partially due to INR 0.1 million of ESOP expenditure. 
This in comparison to a net loss of about INR 60.4 million in Q4 FY '24 and net loss of INR 
20.9 million in Q3 FY '25. Regarding the change in revenue, we would like to state that our 
revenue was diversified within startups, corporates, and government forming 15%, 84% and 1%, 
respectively for FY '25 revenues. We expect focus on corporate segment going forward, more 
focus on data science will enable us to increase our revenue. Our team size is about 50 including 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 3 of 15 
 
employees, interns, consultants as compared to 49 in Q3 FY '25. Till date, we have served 64 
clients, and our sustained interaction is the foundation for our performance. 
On a standalone basis, revenue for Q4FY25 was INR 9.1 million compared to INR 8.3 million 
in Q3FY25, an increase of 9.1% due to increase in services delivered to corporates. The 
operating EBITDA for the quarter narrowed from negative INR 17.2 million in Q3FY25 to 
negative INR 14.5 million in Q4FY25 due to the revenue increase coupled with decrease in 
certain overheads. Net loss for the quarter was INR 15.9 million.  
The Company has restricted the consolidation of its subsidiary, Xelpmoc Design and Tech UK 
Limited, and its step-down subsidiary, Soultrax Studios Pvt. Ltd., in accordance with applicable 
accounting standards. As a result, the income as well as expenses recognised from these entities 
in earlier quarters have been reversed in Q4FY25, leading to differences between the standalone 
and consolidated financials for the quarter.  
I will now speak on the full year financials. Consolidated revenue from operations was INR 39.0 
million in FY25 compared to INR 64.7 million in FY24. Operating EBITDA for the year was 
negative INR 73.2 million as compared to negative INR 149.1 million in FY24. Net loss for the 
year was INR 80.7 million compared to INR 138.9 million in FY24. 
Standalone revenue from operations was INR 39.0 million in FY25. Operating EBITDA was 
negative INR 63.1 million and net loss was INR 86.2 million. The difference between standalone 
and consolidated financials was due to certain intercompany transactions between the group 
during FY25. 
The fair value of our investment in portfolio companies stood approximately INR 631.8 million 
as of 31st March 2025, as compared to INR 546.3 million on 31st March 2024. We achieved a 
milestone recently in our journey as a listed company as the Board approved the proposal for 
part sale of our stake in Mihup aggregating to total consideration of Rs. 100 million. This 
transaction reaffirms our strategy of partnering with startups and exiting post our 7-year target 
period. 
I will discuss about the portfolio companies in detail now.  
Mihup, our cutting-edge conversation AI platform designed to provide real-time assistance and 
analytics on customer-agent interactions. Mihup features a phenome-based voice-to-text engine 
that delivers industry-leading accuracy, along with pre-built AI models tailored for multiple 
industries. Its hybrid architecture, combining edge and cloud technologies, ensures secure and 
real-time data processing, enabling total workflow automation and mixed language 
understanding. 
It recorded revenues of approximately INR 180 million in 12MFY25 and currently has an ARR 
of INR 250 million. It counts Tata Motors, Canara HSBC, Angel Broking, and Pine Labs among 
its top clients. Mihup currently has an execution runway of about 24 months, supported by its 
latest funding round. It has a dedicated team of 65 professionals. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Coming to our next startup Woovly. Woovly operates across two dynamic business verticals. 
First, it has a video commerce marketplace dedicated to lifestyle products, and second, it has a 
SaaS offering, Live2.ai, which provides interactive shoppable videos and live commerce 
solutions.  
Live2.ai has two core products: the Shoppable Social Wall and Social Media Publishing and 
Reporting. Currently, Live2.ai is achieving an impressive $2.4 million ARR, with 280 brands 
utilizing the platform and operating at an EBITDA positive status. It has notable enterprise 
clients which are industry leaders such as Henkel, Shiseido, L’Oréal, Samsonite, Titan Group, 
Decathlon, and Diageo, with many more global brands in the pipeline. 
Snaphunt is a remote talent marketplace that matches employers with the best talent across 
geographies. Snaphunt, is an innovative recruitment solutions company. They recently launched 
agentzane.ai, a comprehensive digital recruiter product, alongside their fully managed recruiting 
service for SMBs and startups, Snaphyre, which debuted in 2022. In 2024, they saw a remarkable 
1.5x growth in paid customers, driven by the removal of its freemium plan and new pricing 
strategies that enhance product-led conversions.  Revenue for January to December 2024 
reached USD 425,000, with projections for 2025 set at an impressive $1 million. Currently, they 
have 7.2 million job seekers and 10,000 employers on their platform, positioning them as a 
leader in the recruitment space. 
Pencil. Pencil, a Mumbai-based startup that has been at the forefront of the creator economy 
since its establishment in 2007. Pencil is dedicated to empowering writers by providing 
innovative tools that enable them to create, enhance, and monetize their stories. Recently, they 
launched AI-generated audio, supported by a grant from Google India, which is now live. 
Additionally, Pencil has produced samples of AI-generated books in multiple languages, 
including English, Marathi, Hindi, and more. With impressive intellectual property 
monetization, they sold 38,713 units in Q4FY25 and reported a revenue of INR 81 lakhs in the 
said period, reflecting a 25% growth over the previous quarter. 
Our next startup, The Star In Me, an innovative learning-as-a-service platform dedicated to 
driving organizational excellence for individuals of all genders. Recently, TSIM has secured 
new clients, including Aragen, and achieved impressive gross revenues of INR 2.35 crores for 
12MFY25. The company has also enhanced its platform by introducing new features designed 
to elevate the Coach/Partner experience and improve the Client Discovery process. Notably, 
TSIM was honoured with the Gold Award in the 'Startup of the Year' category at the ET Human 
Capital Annual Awards 2025, reflecting its commitment to excellence in the industry. 
Kids Stop Press, a unique discovery platform designed to support parents throughout their 
parenting journey, from conception to age 16. With the help of Xelpmoc, KSP has developed a 
machine learning platform that analyses over 100 data points from its users. The primary target 
audience consists of first-time parents aged 25 to 34, who make up 75% of the platform's traffic, 
with 45% accessing it via iOS. KSP has successfully monetized its content through brand 
partnerships and subscription revenue and has seen improved monetization thanks to long-term 
brand collaborations that extend its reach into tier 2 cities across the nation. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Coming to our newest startup, Biome. Biome is a venture studio in the business of investing and 
mentoring in startups. It recently raised INR 20 crores from various sources. It’s startups 
investments include zoop.Money, a white label loan platform for home buyers in partnership 
with real estate developers and financial institutions. 
 
As you all know, Xelpmoc typically engages with startups at the incorporation stage, pre-seed 
funding stage, or pre-revenue stage. Most of our startups have just begun generating revenue 
and are still in a cash-burning phase. However, a few of our startups, such as Mihup, Woovly, 
and Pencil, are performing well, while the others are still working to secure their next funding 
round. Consequently, they are concentrating on increasing revenue and maintaining a 
conservative cost structure. 
This year the startup ecosystem experienced significant challenges, and we are focusing on 
scaling up Xelpmoc's own products and services. Our emphasis is on revenue generation within 
the corporate sector, particularly in data science, artificial intelligence, and machine learning, as 
we aim to develop our own in-house products. At this time, we are not looking to onboard new 
startups unless we encounter exceptional opportunities. 
We are committed to achieving EBITDA profitability as soon as possible, although it may take 
several quarters for this to materialize, given the current market conditions affecting both 
startups and other sectors. With this, now I request to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Mehul from 40 Cents. 
Mehul: 
Thank you so much, sir, for the opportunity. I joined in a little late. So, I'm new to the company. 
I would like to know the business model like -- does Xelpmoc provide the capital for start-ups, 
or the ideas are incubated in Xelpmoc itself? 
Srinivas Koora: 
So basically, as far as Xelpmoc is concerned, Xelpmoc, we don't invest money into those 
companies unless and until we really see some sort of thing. But basically, what we do is we 
build technology for those start-ups -- and at the same time, what we do is we help them in terms 
of product ideation, mentorship and all the other corporate services. 
Mehul: 
Right. So sir, since you mentioned that you helped build technology, now what I understand 
from the earlier commentary is that Xelpmoc is having only a team of 50 people. Is that right? 
Srinivas Koora: 
Yes, Xelpmoc has about, yes, 50 people. 
Mehul: 
So sir, my question is that because I was hearing the commentary and there are about 7 start-ups 
or 7 ventures. So are you saying that just team of 50 people is providing technology guidance to 
all the 7 companies? 
Srinivas Koora: 
No, no. See, basically, what happens is every year, we used to partner with 2 or 3 start-ups. And 
with each start-up, the engagement is different. Maybe with a few start-ups, we had an 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 6 of 15 
 
engagement of 2 years, 3 years, etcetera. So what happens is, till the time your product is 
developed, you have done your beta, alpha, market test, etcetera, everything would be taken care 
by Xelpmoc. 
 
And again, there would be an agreed man month rate and agreed number of hours. Accordingly, 
that would be translated into equity or accordingly, that would be translated into the amount that 
the start-up has to pay to Xelpmoc. 
 
In case, if you look at Xelpmoc, Xelpmoc has a history of close to about 9 years. So every year, 
we have onboarded a few start-ups and initial agreement was for about 2 years or 3 years. Once 
they raise fund, once they have grown up, they have their own tech team. And what happens is 
in case if they face any challenges, at that time, we jump in and we try to help them. 
Mehul: 
Right. So sir, over the period of last 9 years, how many start-ups have we worked with? 
Srinivas Koora: 
So basically, we must have worked with close to about 16 to 17 start-ups, out of which few start-
ups have not worked. As you know that the success rate of in start-ups is hardly about 10% to 
12%. But still in case -- our case, if you look at it that a few have already reached to about Series 
B level, few are at a Series A level. And most of the companies have already raised funds from 
either private equity players or family offices. 
Mehul: 
Right. So sir, which are those companies -- out of this listed on the presentation which of these 
companies have got capital from private equity or the family office? 
Srinivas Koora: 
So basically, Mihup has raised funds from private equities and also some marquee investors. 
And even Woovly has raised funds from private equity and some marquee investors, Pencil has 
raised funds. Snaphunt has raised funds. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Basically, in case, if you can go through our deck, it has all like what they do, etcetera, and even 
if you look at our annual report, it carries like who are the investors in these companies. Now 
for example, as I discussed earlier in my opening remarks, Biome, Biome recently closed close 
to a raise of about INR20crores, again from friends and families. 
Mehul: 
Okay. So how do you spell Biome? 
Srinivas Koora: 
B-i-o-m-e. 
Mehul: 
Sir, is it possible to have a detailed discussion because this call is for other people as well. So is 
it possible to. 
Srinivas Koora: 
You reach out to our IR person, Ravi, he will help you. 
Mehul: 
And sir, where is the management for the company based out of? 
Srinivas Koora: 
We are based out of Hyderabad and Bangalore. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Choksi from Raas Capital.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Rohan Choksi: 
Sir, my question was with regard to the products that are built in-house. What's their useful life? 
And are they patented? And do you give annual maintenance service for them? 
Srinivas Koora: 
The products, whatever we are building right now at a very initial stage. Right now, none of the 
products, these are got patented. And mostly, these are -- in the field of AI/ML, which can be 
used, especially in the fintech industry, insurance, etcetera. Sandipan, you can add more in detail 
with respect to these products. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Yes. So essentially, these are -- you're highlighting all sorts of ML code and all and making 
applications for mostly as of now three industries we're targeting: real estate, BFSI and legal 
tech, where there's a lot of documentation and all. So these are document processing things, 
which essentially tells if a document is of a particular type, if there are certain errors that can be 
corrected, whatever was being done as a menial job before as proof correction or checking and 
all, that is being automated. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Yes. Jaison, you can also include what we are doing in ElderTech. 
Jaison Jose: 
Yes. So in the last year, we've looked at an emerging theme and industry that's moving rapidly 
with the pace of greying in India. So as we call it ElderTech or AgeTech as we call it, is a focus 
area for us. It's one of the only few additions that we've made in the last 9 years of our journey. 
And our first SaaS offering in this space has now been launched. 
 
We are currently talking to multiple senior living operators in the country. And it's an end-to-
end suite for operators in the space who could be either real estate companies that have entered 
the senior living space or senior living operators that independently operate. 
 
So we're looking at how tech can help them improve efficiencies of operations, streamline 
service offerings as well as give best experience service -- best experience to their residents. It 
is one of the first products within that -- from that company, from that entity. And we hope to 
have recurring revenues coming from that product in the next couple of quarters. So we just 
about launched it. And next quarter on, we hope to bag a couple of deals. 
Rohan Choksi: 
Understood. Thank you for the explanation. And I have been through your investor presentations 
and the con-calls before, but I thought I would still ask. Sir, I wanted to get a bit more 
understanding on who uses the products among the corporates -- and you have mentioned on the 
industry, but if you can go a bit deeper on the use case of these products from the client point of 
view, like who will need these products or -- tomorrow, who will need Xelpmoc's help to scale 
with a start-up, corporate or a government? 
Srinivas Koora: 
So in terms of corporate, it can be used for legal companies. And in case of BFSI, it can be used 
in insurance sector. Even in real estate sector, it can be used. So we have built a couple of robust 
models, which we are seeing that there are certain use cases in these particular industries 
especially. 
Rohan Choksi: 
Understood, sir. And are you able to give a bit more information on who your top 10 companies 
would be or which companies you are eyeing in the next 1 year or so as your potential plan? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: See, as I said, the sectors that we are looking at is legal and BFSI and real estate. So a large 
source of legal process outsourcing companies are already our customer. We are trying to go to 
more such people who need that. Just to give an example of a use case, for example, let's say, 
contract is being framed and it has a number of clauses. 
 
So today, what happens is a paralegal person goes to those clauses and try to determine if there 
are risk factors or something has been missed or something is pertinent to the domicile, the 
contract has been framed on. These sort of things have been automated. 
 
So what probably would have taken 2, 3 days before from a paralegal perspective, probably can 
be shrunk down to 4, 5 minutes of inspection after which the paralegal is sort of triggered to say, 
okay, this-this is the things it's missing. And it works in a kind of an aid to the paralegal to make 
his job much, much more easier. That's the kind of use case. So anyone who's in a similar 
industry and has such an overhead for the people who are working, it's an applicable solution. 
 
In the same way, it's any forms that are being filled up, any paperwork that's been done where 
there's manual inspection, that can be automated to a large extent and aided for the person doing 
it.  
So that's the broad industry. Now each industry has its own nuances and all. That's the reason 
we are sticking to these three verticals where we are putting specialized knowledge, but the core 
competency of the text passing and all, that is more or less generic. You have to specifically 
train it for the particular field that you are trying to attract. 
Rohan Choksi: 
Right. Understood. Sir, I just have one last question, if that's okay. And you spoke about the 
profitability as soon as possible. And I understand the industry itself is facing its challenges, but 
correct me if I'm wrong, I think you've gone from having 112 to 50 now. So maybe from the 
cost-cutting point of view, you might have -- you might be over it, but from the revenue or from 
the growth point of view like what's the next step that you have to take to reach profitability or 
at least EBITDA positive? 
Srinivas Koora: 
So as far as this part is concerned, maybe you are seeing that the number of employees were 100 
or even at times 110, 120, etcetera. Please understand that earlier, we have taken a couple of 
projects, which are more towards helping government, etcetera. But we have seen that those 
transactions are not helping us to grow. And at the same time, we were burning cash. That's one 
of the key reasons why you have seen that there is a drop in revenues and also there is a drop in 
expenditure. 
Moderator: 
Sir, does that answer your question. 
Rohan Choksi: 
Yes. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from Jems Quest. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Thank you for taking my questions. My question is with respect to our business model and we 
have been invested since past 5 years now. And then I've seen company do several things and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 9 of 15 
 
close down a few. And then we had so much of potential. We were doing so much of things 
together and so many industries that we could have catered to and we're already in AI/ ML and 
all of these stuff.  
And with so much of opportunities in AI, so many companies doing and trying out things and 
developing product and so what is our vision, what are we trying to do and what is not working 
for us that we're not being able to scale our products and attract customers or get clients towards 
using our products and solutions? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: So we were in the same field of AI/ML and all, but our manifestation was mostly through the 
start-up industry. That change of focus that we have done is what has been the main reason why 
we are right now starting almost at an initial level for entering into the commercial space and 
corporates to get the business.  
So, yes, we were in the same field, but our focus was not towards making the products and doing 
services for corporates. That's a change we have taken, let's say, about four quarters back. And 
now those things are happening. Parallelly, we also started building our own products around 
that time.  
Because of the experience we had in the several start-ups and all we did, we could do it at a 
faster pace. Instead of the initial period that every company takes say 2, 3 years, we have been 
able to go to market with some product offerings in 1 year. That is the transition that you are 
seeing. And that was previously notified that there is a painful switch that we have to do on that 
part.  
At the same time, we have not been encouraging start-ups because of our own viability in terms 
of commercials and money factors, but if you look at our track record in terms of the success of 
the start-ups, that has been quite significant. If we had enough part and we had gone that way, 
that would have been a different part, but there was a funding winter. There is a start-up shakeout 
that's happening and we thought prudent not to go that way, especially since we are a listed 
entity. 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Sure. So sir, just an extension to that then if you can just in a little bit of detail, explain us what 
are we trying to do exactly as of now and what is the potential that we see with respect to 
revenues or profitability 1 year, 2 year down the, any road map that we have or anything that 
we're targeting in terms of revenues or profitability?. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Yes. Just the previous question, we did explain as to what we are paying from the product and 
all. If you have queries, we can revisit that part which is there, but from an outlook of revenues 
and all the numbers that are being talked of, that forward-looking part we really can't get into at 
this point of time until the stabilization happens and we have a fresh outlook on that.  
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Sure, I get you. What I'm trying to understand is, say, for a product or two that we are developing, 
what kind of customers can we get with respect to revenues? I mean, what kind of revenue 
potential can that product per client per year have from services or products that we have to 
offer? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: It is not fixed because the number of customers -- I mean, the agents that we are replacing and 
all will change from company to company. It's better to go with the sector and think of what that 
sector can offer. As of now, the potential market size for each of the sectors of legal tech and all 
is pretty high.  
If you think of it that if we are looking at market potential, it's about in many ways that you can 
think of it as the mid-tier employable people about 6% to 7% of their cost is what can be the 
total market size for that. How much we are able to capture and all that will get clarity as we get 
the rollouts done. 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Okay. Sure. And anything else that we're trying to do or develop or get into in the future or 
anything that is on the drawing board for us? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Jason mentioned just previously, the ElderTech piece, the first SaaS offering for the ElderTech, 
that's something that we are taking to market right now. 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Okay, sure. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Mehul from 40 Cents. Please go 
ahead. 
Mehul: 
Thank you so much for the follow up. Sir I'm on bit confused about the company's operations. 
So while I -- in my earlier questions, I got some insights about the ventures which you are -- 
which you have, like we have Woovly, Mihup, TSIM etcetera. And then in the following 
questions I heard about that you are developing some products which are catering to real estate, 
legal tech and BFSI.  
So the question is that these products, which are you mentioned about to some extent, are these 
products driven by the Xelpmoc team itself or these are also with some third party are the start 
of future encouraging for supporting? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: No. So what you heard was the previous portfolios that we have built and our interaction with 
them in terms of day-to-day operations or development is not existing as of now. This is our 
history. What you're hearing is the work that we are doing, and this is not through any start-ups 
or ventures that we have gone. It is independent development that we are happening through the 
brand of Xelpmoc. 
Mehul: 
These are independent ventures, real estate, legal tech and BFSI? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: These are our product lines. This is Xelpmoc product lines. 
Mehul: 
So when you say the others are history, so you are not doing any more work with start ups. Is 
that correct understanding or it's completely wrong? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Because they have matured, we hold equity in them and we have exposure to them. So whenever 
the wealth gain happens there, it adds to our holdings, but there are time to time when there is 
an innovation needed, we have contracts from them, but there is no regular revenue income flow 
or costs incurred on behalf of those portfolio companies. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Mehul: 
So there's not a single penny which you are spending on these startups now anymore? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Not anymore. So we have done the investment before. We are now looking at reaping the 
benefits. And that strategy that we had previously through which we have done this book 
building, that is not being pursued for the moment. 
Mehul: 
Right. Sir, my next -- another question about the startup is that in the slides, which we have 
received as our investor presentation, there are names of the people who are mentioned as team 
like Tapan Barman and Venkat J and Mahua Mukherjee. So all these guys are leading these 
startups?  
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: They are the entrepreneurs. They are the entrepreneurs. They are the key guys. We hold equity 
in those companies run by them. 
Mehul: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, my next question is on one of the slides, which talks about existing 
ventures and prospective engagements. So prospective engagements, I can see you have 
mentioned that, that is happening in the South African continent, African continent. So can you 
please elaborate on what kind of prospective engagements are we doing for the -- in that area of 
the geography, I mean, in that geography? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Srini, you want to take that? 
Srinivas Koora: 
That was done earlier, not the current one, because that was one of the services that we rendered 
earlier. 
Mehul: 
So then there is nothing right now, which we are doing in terms of South Africa? 
Srinivas Koora: 
No, nothing. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Not at the moment. 
Srinivas Koora: 
We are doing some work in U.S. and some different places pace, but mainly in U.S., we are 
doing some work. And one of the portfolio is there from U.S., which is a Catailyst, and one 
portfolio is there, which is from Singapore, which is Snaphunt. 
Mehul: 
Snaphunt is in Singapore and which is the one in U.S., sorry, sir? 
Srinivas Koora: 
Catailyst is in U.S. 
Mehul: 
Catailyst? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Yes. 
Mehul: 
Okay. And sir, anything in Europe? 
Srinivas Koora: 
No, we don't have any services which we have done, but at the moment, nothing. No. 
Mehul: 
Nothing at the moment. Okay. This MSME major in European market, can you elaborate a little 
bit on that, sir? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Srinivas Koora: 
So basically, these are the services which we have rendered earlier, helping them in terms of 
R&D, building a product, et cetera. 
Mehul: 
Right. Sir, as you mentioned, that there's a shakeup in the start-up world. So what kind of hiring 
plan do you have for the next 2 years? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: We have not done any hiring plans because as of now, we are adequately manned. And once the 
products and all have kind of show the expansions and all at that point, we'll re-staff. 
Mehul: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Thank you so much for answering all the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. Please go ahead. 
Raaj: 
Sir, you just mentioned on your call that you are doing a change of business model. I wanted to 
understand what exactly is it? Is it like you are stopping to invest into start-up companies and 
developing your own tech and going ahead? Is it so? 
Srinivas Koora: 
That's correct. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Yes, two, three we have done -- yes, you go ahead. Okay. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Yes. So basically, we are focusing more on developing in-house products, and rendering services 
to corporate as services. But yes, as far as the start-ups are concerned, in case if there are any 
good lucrative start-ups reaching out to us in case if there is any potential in it, we are happy to 
look at those start-ups. But yes, earlier mainly was focused on start-ups. Now we are looking at 
start-ups, products and services, both. 
Raaj: 
All right. So the products which you are developing on your own, how much investment have 
you made into them? 
Srinivas Koora: 
So basically, whatever burn that we are doing for last 1 year, maybe you can assume that the 
majority of it is going into those products. We are like talking to a few clients yet to come out 
with some green shoots, et cetera, but sounds very positive. And maybe in the next 1 or 2 
quarters, you will see something on that side. 
Raaj: 
Okay, sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Rohan Choksi from Raas Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohan Choksi: 
Thank you for the chance to ask again. So can I just understand... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt sir. I would request you to please use your handset. 
Rohan Choksi: 
Okay. Yes, I'll speak louder. Sir, my question was with regard to the start-up investment -- the 
start-ups that you have in your portfolio. Would you have any exit strategy at this point? Or you 
monitor on a year-by-year or quarter-by-quarter basis? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: We do it on an opportunity basis, not quarter-by-quarter or year-by-year. But as you heard, our 
first exit from Mihup did happen, and we'll be the partial sell to the effect over INR10 crores. 
Rohan Choksi: 
Got it. Sir, and I just wanted to understand the revenue split between domestic and international 
as well. Between quarter 3 and quarter 4, there's a huge 20% change in the international. Is the 
international market going to drive the revenue going forward? Or am I reading it correct? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: See, the thing is many of these contracts or POCs we are doing, they do have an international 
appeal, though we are doing the POCs in India. So how it will go, we are not fully clear on where 
the uptake will be higher. But I mean, for example, where the billing happens from makes it 
international, national, but the execution could be in India or vice versa, right? So that, I think, 
is there. 
The sectors are what is core in focus. For example, if there's a legal process outsourcing company 
and the parent company is in U.K., let's say, the revenue will be booked in U.K. But actually, 
the solution is being done for their center in India. So it's tough to say from the product 
perspective, unlike start-ups where it was very clearly demarcated and domiciles. This is more 
of an accounting part of it. But I don't think that should be a distinguishing factor. 
Rohan Choksi: 
Got it. Understood. Sir, and now that the focus is going to be on the products that you have in-
house development. Could you expand a bit on the USP of them or what makes them different, 
like the reasons why the clients would choose your products going forward? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Obviously, it's because it serves the problems that they're facing. And currently, whatever tools 
and processes they have are not coming up to either the accuracy level of it or the speed of it, 
right? That's essentially what is driving. And that's the reason why a lot of the development has 
gone and we are focused on sectors. We have gained knowledge specific to that sector. 
And as with any AI/ML or data science-oriented project, the key is apart from the technology 
execution, which is more or less standardized now and there is a minimum standard that you 
have to comply with. The core part of it is how well you're able to train the data and how well 
you're able to handle exceptions. And the amount of effort and skill you put into it is what 
differentiates you and makes you marketable. 
So what is our calling card on this part is the accuracy and the effectiveness in being able to 
assist with deep focus. So there is a generic English language parser and there is a slightly 
different training that you need to give to make the specific English, which is used in legal 
documents. And that changes slightly again when you go to other sectors. 
So that tweaking and making sure that those things are done properly and it's giving the accuracy 
is what the skill and the USP of what we are doing lies in. 
Rohan Choksi: 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukesh Patel, who's an Individual Investor. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Mukesh Patel: 
Recently, it has been noticed that Franklin Templeton Mutual Fund, which was holding 63,000 
shares of our company since last 3 years, has sold its entire stake last month. Is it not a very 
disturbing sign for investors? 
Srinivas Koora: 
Sir, as far as shareholder holding stake, when they buy it, when they sell, it is nothing is within 
the company or within this. It is their individual decision and individual choice whenever they 
want to buy and whenever they want to sell it. 
Mukesh Patel: 
That is true, but it makes real sense to know that a computer named like Franklin Templeton 
exits our company, it shows very disturbing signs to investors. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: I think sir, that is something that's like Srinivas said. But what has to be considered are 2 factors. 
One is it was not a significant holding that they had. It was not even in one decimal play -- I 
mean, in single decimal play. The second aspect is they had held for 3 years, and they have 
certain policies in certain market sizes where they have to exit. 
 
That I don't see as a warning sign given the time period they have been in. It was not like a hasty 
retreat immediately after investing, which would have been worrying. And it is something that 
was not moving the needle too much for us because it was more of a check that they had put in, 
in my opinion, given the size of their fund and the amount they invested. So I don't think I read 
too much into it. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Mehul from 40 Cents. 
Mehul: 
How much percentage of equity are you holding in Mihup? 
Srinivas Koora: 
Mihup. We now after exiting close to 2.5%, still we'll be having about 6.4% to 6.5% in the 
company. 
Mehul: 
Okay. And sir, rest of the equity is held by? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: The entrepreneurs hold some part. There are investors who have been there from before like 
Xelp, IdeaSpring, who are there. And there have been new investors who have come who 
actually have -- for example, our sale was partially of the existing investors who wanted to not 
liquidate more onto that part. 
 
So our thing was bought by existing investors. So the investor pool has more or less remained 
constant with addition of a few people last funding round and then some secondary tranches that 
happened, which we took participate in. 
Mehul: 
Which is a private equity firm that is holding Mihup? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: I think that's something that you can look up at Mihup. I'm not sure if legally it is allow. 
Mehul:  
Accel Partners. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Accel Partners and IdeaSprings.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Mehul: 
And sir, how much percentage you have sold so far for Mihup? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: We just told 2.5%. 
Mehul: 
What price point did you sell it for? 
Srinivas Koora: 
We have exited at a valuation of about INR402 crores. 
Mehul: 
INR402 crores for the entire valuation? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Enterprise valuation. 
Mehul: 
Right Sir, 1 last question, sir, since now we have moved to more of an in-house technology 
company, who is our CTO? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: I'm holding that post de facto because I was a technical person anyway. 
Mehul: 
And sir, yourself, Mr. Sandipan, right? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: That's correct. 
Srinivas Koora: 
And we also have other team members like Naushad, Vali, etcetera, and who have been working 
with Sandipan for the last 10, 15 years. 
Mehul: 
Right, sir, very helpful. I will get in touch with your IR for further discussion. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us for today's call. Please do write to us in case if you have any 
further follow-up queries in case if anybody wants to have a one-to-one call please reach out to 
Ravi Udeshi, who will set up the call, and we can discuss further in detail. Thank you very much, 
and take care. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
