 
 
Page 0 of 16 
 
 
                                                                                                  
 
 
 
 
RSWM/SECTT/2025 
May 19, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 500350 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block - G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip Code: RSWM 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, 14th May 2025. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Please refer to our Earnings Conference Call scheduled for Wednesday, 14th May 2025 at 04:00 PM 
(IST), as intimated vide our letter dated 06/05/2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call transcript. The transcript is also 
available on the company's website www.rswm.in 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For RSWM LIMITED 
 
 
 
SURENDER GUPTA 
VP – LEGAL & COMPANY SECRETARY 
FCS-2615 
 
rswm.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
 
(Formerly Rajasthan Spinning & Weaving Mills Limited) 
Corporate Office: 
Bhilwara Towers, A-12, Sector-1, Noida - 201 301, 
NCR-Delhi, India 
Tel: +91-120-4390300 (EPABX) 
Fax: +91-120-4277841 
Website: www.rswm.in 
GSTIN: 09AAACR9700M1Z1 
Registered. Office: 
Kharigram, Post Office Gulabpura - 311 021, 
Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan, India 
Tel: +91-1483-223144 to 223150, 223478 
Fax: +91-1483-223361,223479 
Website: www.lnjbhilwara.com 
GSTIN: 08AAACR9700M1Z3 
 
SURENDER 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
SURENDER KUMAR 
GUPTA 
Date: 2025.05.19 
14:07:42 +05'30'

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 1 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RSWM Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Wednesday, 14th May 2025 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
♦ Mr. Rajeev Gupta, JMD 
♦ Mr. Nitin Tulyani, President & CFO 
♦ Mr. Rakesh Jain, General Manager - Corporate Finance 
♦ Mr. Surender Gupta, VP - Legal and Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 2 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to the RSWM Limited Q4 
and FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
We have with us today from the management, Mr. Rajeev Gupta – Joint 
Managing Director, Mr. Nitin Tulyani - President and CFO, Mr. Rakesh Jain - 
General Manager Corporate Finance, Mr. Surender Gupta - VP Legal and 
Company Secretary. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Before we proceed with this call today, I would like to take this opportunity to 
remind everyone about the disclaimer related to this conference call. Today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature based on management’s current 
beliefs, and expectations. It must be viewed in conjunction with the risk that 
our business faces that could cause our future results, performance, or 
achievements to differ significantly from what we may express or implied by 
such forward-looking statements. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajeev Gupta for the industry outlook, 
post which Mr. Nitin Tulyani will take over for a further financial overview. 
Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I hope you and your families are safe and 
in good health. It is my pleasure to welcome you all to Q4 and FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call. I hope you had opportunity to review our financial results and 
investor presentation, which are available both on our website as well as on 
stock exchanges. 
 
I am pleased to share the quarter’s performance has been encouraging, 
reflecting our sharp focus on execution, diversified business portfolio and the 
initial results of our transformative journey started under RSWM 2.0. We have 
seen positive momentum across our yarn and fabric business supported by 

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 3 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
improved operational discipline, innovation led initiatives and these efforts 
are enabling us to deliver better products at right quality, at right time, with a 
greater alignment with the evolving customer needs.  
 
Our exports have continued to perform well. There has been significant 
increase in the revenue from Middle East, Africa, Southeast Asia and other 
markets in FY'24-'25. India's favorable tariff positioning remains a strategic 
strength, especially compared to the competitors like Vietnam and China. This 
advantage is helping deepen engagement with global brands, particularly 
from U.S. and Europe, where our market share continues to grow. While US 
import tariffs still being not clear for India at this moment, we are closely 
monitoring this and we understand that our partners have to prepare for any 
potential change in trade policy or the cost structure thereafter.  
 
On the industry front, cotton yarn spread remained under pressure, impacting 
the spinning margin across the sector. Despite these external challenges, we 
have stayed focused on improving our fabric realizations, optimizing our 
product mix, and enhancing process efficiencies, as explained in the last 
investor call also. These internal measures have partially offset the margin 
pressure and supported the overall profitability of RSWM.  
 
Looking ahead, major strategic development that has happened recently is 
very progressive in nature, that is India-UK Free Trade Agreement. Beyond its 
diplomatic significance, the FTA could be transformative for Indian exporters. 
Apparel industry currently is exporting to UK, yet the share of Indian export is 
only 6% in the overall $24 billion apparel industry of UK. We are expecting 
with these changes in the policy, FTA, we have an opportunity to unlock 
almost $1 billion additional exports from India to UK and taking our share from 
6% to maybe 15% - 20% driven by favorable sourcing and supportive policies.  
 
At RSWM, we are particularly well-positioned to capitalize on this opportunity. 
Our strengths, like in categories that we are operating in UK, demand of these 
categories in trousers, shirts, t-shirts, dresses, especially the denim and the 
knitting segment that we have, where the buyers are particularly diversifying 
away from the traditional sourcing countries.  

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 4 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
Our integrated manufacturing ecosystem, strong design capabilities, and 
trusted relationship with the global brand give us distinct edge. Furthermore, 
as international customers are increasingly prioritizing sustainability, 
compliance and traceability, our ongoing efforts under RSWM 2.0 
transformation are proving to be both timely and impactful.  
 
RSWM 2.0 is not just a transformation plan, it represents the cultural shift 
across the organization. We have adopted the new mindset which is rooted in 
agility, cost effectiveness, smart manufacturing or product development, 
sharper execution, and to be on time to our customers' needs. The early effect 
of this general RSWM 2.0 is already visible in the areas like productivity, client 
satisfaction, and cross-functional alignments.  
 
The energy and the commitment within our team is inspiring and it gives us 
confidence that we are building a future ready organization, capable of 
creating long-term value in the dynamic global environment. Now, for more 
details, the financials for this quarter and for the year, I will request my 
colleague Nitin to take over.  
Nitin Tulyani: 
Thank you, Mr. Gupta, for the introduction. Good evening, everyone. I will 
now be sharing the RSWM financial and strategic highlights from FY‘25 and 
how they are preparing us for the coming FY'26.  
 
Despite external challenges, RSWM reported a FY'25 revenue increase of 
18.9% year-on-year reaching to a new height of ₹4,825 crore. This was driven 
by improved order visibility, a balanced product mix, and a focused sales and 
execution effort. Coming to the Full Year '25 Financial Performance, Gross 
profit rose 19.4% to ₹1,729 crores compared to ₹1,448 crore in FY'24. Gross 
profit margin moved slightly from 35.7% in FY'24 to 35.8% in FY'25.  
 
EBITDA increased by 76.8% to ₹233 crore, up from ₹132 crore in the FY'24. 
EBITDA margin improved from 3.2% in FY'24 to 4.8% in FY'25, which is clearly 
reflecting the better cost management.  Our PAT stood at a loss of ₹41 crore, 
mainly due to the elevated finance and depreciation cost. The finance costs 
increased during the year, primarily due to the higher working capital 

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 5 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
requirement and the addition of the term loans for the unit we acquired from 
Ginni Filaments at Chhata location last financial year.  
 
Depreciation rose mainly on account of the commissioning of the new Kapaas 
unit, which is located at Banswara, Lodha. As highlighted in our Q2 & H1 FY'25 
Earnings Call, we had a build-up of finished goods inventory, which was 
subsequently liquidated during the year, which has resulted in a decrease of 
our inventory standing in the balance sheet at the end of the financial year.  
 
Now, coming to the Q4 FY25 Financial Performance, Revenue rose 7.2% YoY 
to ₹1,256 crore. Total income increased to ₹1,265 crores. Gross profit for the 
quarter was ₹432 crore with a margin of 34.4%.  EBITDA rose 44.8% YoY and 
36.2% QoQ to ₹79 crore. Also, EBITDA margin improved to 6.2% from 4.6% in 
Q4 FY24, reflecting a YoY increment of 163 bps. PAT turned positive at ₹1.6 
crore in Q4 FY25, recovering from a loss of ₹8 crore in Q3 FY25. We were 
getting regular questions in lot many earnings calls that when we are turning 
PAT positive. So, this year, with the theme of RSWM 2.0, the management has 
been able to turn PAT positive in the current quarter.  
 
On the strategic front, we made significant advances in innovation and 
sustainability. The Panchtatva initiative, based on the five elements, fire, 
earth, water, air and space, combines Indian tradition with the textile 
innovation. It attracted strong interest at Bharat Tex 2025, that was conducted 
at the Bharat Mandapam location in New Delhi, and it was attended by many 
industries and government stakeholders. 
 
We also signed a development agreement with Birla Cellulose and TACC 
Limited to produce Graphene-based textiles. This enables us to venture into 
emerging segments such as technical fabrics and smart clothing. Graphene, a 
product that is developed by TACC represents a promising innovation for the 
textile industry offering multiple performance enhancements in a single 
application including anti-bacterial properties, anti-static behavior, thermal 
regulation, UV resistance, abrasion resistance and improved tensile strength.  
 
We remain committed to prudent capital allocation and aligning every 
investment with our long-term strategic goals. While FY25 presented 

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 6 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
challenges, the structural improvement made during the year has 
strengthened our foundation. As we enter FY26, we do so with the major 
optimism. Our focus on financial discipline, operational efficiency and a 
sharper product approach positions us well to deliver steady progress and 
improved outcomes.  
 
With this, I would like to conclude and open the floor for any questions you 
may have.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Congratulations to the team, we have turned the corner at least in the last 
quarter. And the first point would be, sir, the efficiencies and the support from 
the market. If you could just give us some more color, what factors actually 
attributed to this profitability and whether these factors are now consistent 
or you see reversal of any of the same? How are things shaping up in terms of 
the margins or the spread? If you could give us some color on spread and also 
on the utilization level.  
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you very much, first of all, Mr. Kapoor, for your compliments. You know, 
if you look at the performance in 4th Quarter, there is a mix of things which are 
consistent and few things which are one time. As Nitin also shared, we had the 
reduction of stock in various businesses, especially our recent Synthetic yarn 
business. So that is a one-time thing which has happened during this quarter.  
 
Now, couple of other things. One, working on the internal efficiencies both in 
terms of consumption norms and utilizations is something which has helped 
us. If you look at the various businesses within RSWM, the cotton yarn spread 
is more or less same. The markets have been good, especially in Bangladesh 
markets. Demand has been good. And overall consumption levels are same. 
The margins were more or less similar in this thing. So, focus on internal 
efficiencies helped us in selling slightly better.  

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 7 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
If I talk about denim segment, industry is still passing through the same 
challenge level of low utilization across. But within that bureaucracy of 
industry performance, there was an option to capture good orders and 
improve utilization for RSWM. So, that is something which we built on from 
last year or last quarter, working towards acquiring the customers, working 
closely with the brands, and thereafter improving our efficiency.  
 
The third thing is more working on the consumption levels within Knits and 
denim and try to see that our cost is optimized and we are working on, last 
time we discussed about theory of constraints application to various business 
models and making ourselves more efficient and more effective for cost 
management. I think these things are sustainable and the way we have been 
positive in this quarter, I am 100% sure and confident that we will now retain 
ourselves in this positive arena of profitability.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct. And on the utilization level, sir, can you give some color on how our 
various verticals’ utilization levels were, average utilization levels for the last 
year?  
Rajeev Gupta: 
Average utilization has improved. If you say in yarn, particularly, we were 
already in high 90%+, so we continue being there. In knitting and denim, our 
utilizations have improved by 5% - 7% in both the businesses. And we are in 
now post-90% in denim and mid-80% in knitting. So, that's the current level. 
There is still a little bit of possibility of improvement in utilizations, but broadly 
we are slightly better than the average industry.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, just to come to this strategic collaboration for the Graphene part and also 
the investment in Bhilwara Energy Limited, if you could just elaborate the 
significance of these two and yes, firstly on these two points.  
Nitin Tulyani: 
So, with respect to the investment in Bhilwara Energy Limited, the overall 
objective was that we are able to get the renewable source of energy at the 
competitive prices. And coming to your question around Graphene, so 
Graphene is still under development and it is in very early stages. So, we are 
still working on development of a master batch. And accordingly, we will be 
able to communicate you later on this.  

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 8 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, just to conclude here, for the investment in Bhilwara Energy Limited, I think 
so the fund mentioned there is Singularity Fund that has made an investment 
of ₹250 crore. So, that is fresh with issuance of shares or have we or other 
promoters have tear down their investment in Bhilwara Energy Limited? 
Nitin Tulyani: 
So, we have not liquidated our share. So, that is our investment coming from 
Singularity Fund. Our detail has been shared in our investor presentation on 
the same and also on the stock exchange the information is available in detail.  
Saket Kapoor: 
I will go through the same, sir. Now coming to the other development, 
especially for the Free Trade Agreement with the European nation, how has 
that benefited or affected the sector? Especially, I think so the forward 
integrated players will be more benefited. So, if you could just give some more 
color on the same.  
Rajeev Gupta: 
You are absolutely right. If you look at, as a country, India stands to gain with 
these developments, both for U.S. and UK. As I shared, India has around 6% 
share in UK's apparel industry, which as a country, we should move towards 
15%-20%. The American tariffs are yet to be settled. We saw the development 
with the China tariff being discussed with the U.S. Similarly, I also expect that 
the India-U.S. tariff will also settle for times to come. But overall, the 
expectation is that India stands to gain with these challenges.  
 
Coming to RSWM as a company, we are not directly exporting largely to the 
U.S. We are doing indirect exports, either to our customers who are then 
exporting to U.S., or we are supplying to other countries which in turn are 
exporting to, say, Bangladesh or Sri Lanka, which in turn are exporting to U.S. 
So, I cannot say we are isolated, but at the same time we are less impacted 
even in this pause period of 90 days.  
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question is from the line of Tanush Mehta 
from JM Financials. Please go ahead.  
Tanush Mehta: 
First of all, sir, congratulations on the good set of numbers.  
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you.  

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 9 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
Tanush Mehta: 
And, sir, my first question is on market expansion to which new market that 
RSWM is targeting and what steps are being taken to establish a presence in 
the new market? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. So, we intend to consolidate our position in the market more as a player 
which offers quality and the value-added product. So, we are consolidating 
both in our existing markets and also try to penetrate in the new markets. All 
the businesses are trying to explore possible new customers and new markets 
where we are able to add better products and with a better level of 
contributions or the value generation possibilities. We have been trying to go 
direct to the customers, customers which are looking for sustainability and 
environment-friendly products. We also would like to work on the brand, 
which gives you better visibility in the market and better profitability in the 
market. So Middle East, Europe, America, in fact all the countries we are trying 
to penetrate more, but our concentration is not on geographical things. Our 
concentration is more to spread to the value-added customers and value-
added products. 
Tanush Mehta: 
Talking about sustainability, what practices are being adopted to align with 
the global environmental standards? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
There are a couple of things when you look at sustainability. It is relating to 
first the use of water. We, RSWM Limited, is a liquid zero discharge company. 
All our manufacturing facilities are using recycling and we do not discharge 
water to the environment. That's the one responsibility we have. Now second 
is shifting our normal boilers to biofuel boilers, like from traditional fossil fuel 
we are now converting all our boilers to biofuel. Most of the conversion will 
happen within the current financial year, which is started from April’25 and 
we will become a compliant company in terms of biofuel boilers.  
Third, in terms of power consumption, we are currently in mid-20 percentage 
of our green power which is from solar and wind and we continue to work on 
this area and become more and more green power in terms of consumption. 
So, these are three things. Then waste management is in fourth area. And the 
bigger thing we are doing for sustainability is using the PET bottles as a raw 

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 10 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
material for converting this into polyester staple fiber. We are currently 
consuming 60 lakh bottles a day. And thereafter, ensuring that we become 
recycled or contribute our bits in terms of sustainability. In addition to that, all 
social compliances, working for females, taking care of our employees, all 
welfare activities, all those things are standard RSWM practices and will 
continue to do that. 
Tanush Mehta: 
Understood, sir. And sir, can you share us with the debt level of the company 
and how will it impact the future financial stability? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
I will request Nitin to respond to this. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
So, with respect to the debt management, including our working capital, we 
are at ₹1,700 crores, which includes ₹700 crores of term loan and balance 
being a part of a working capital, cash credit facilities and discounting facilities 
we have taken from different banks. So, our focus remains on improving our 
debt profile by refinancing the high-cost borrowings, prepaying selected loans 
and enhancing the cash flows through the working capital optimization. We 
are also working on the blocked current assets so that we are able to improve 
the flow of the working capital. Apart from that, with the improved capacity 
utilization and the better product mix, we are targeting to lower the debt-to-
equity ratio and improved interest coverage. So, the ultimate target is to 
strengthen our balance sheet and support future growth with a more 
sustainable capital structure. 
Tanush Mehta: 
Understood. And is RSWM working on product innovation or investing in it to 
stay ahead of the market? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
You are absolutely right. We are investing in product centers and co-create 
with our customers for design, trends, lines, collection, innovation, are 
focused on blends and functions like antibacterial or moisture wicking or UV 
protection. All those things are something which we are continuously doing at 
this point of time. There is no particularly new investment that we are 
proposing for the new product development at this point of time. But all of 
these thing’s businesses are focused more on new product and trying to see 

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 11 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
that we work on sustainability and delivering more value to customer and 
more functional capabilities to our product. 
Tanush Mehta: 
Understood, that was helpful sir. I will come back for further questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Marshall, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Marshall: 
Yes, hello. My question is that in this quarter, our turnover has definitely 
increased by 5%, but margin is still lower. Whereas so far what we have seen 
in the commentary that our utilization is good, cotton prices are stable. So why 
our margin is under pressure? What steps is the management taking to 
improve the margin? This I want to show on the background of something. I 
think our JMD and CFO seems to be new person. A couple of years back, the 
company has given a hefty dividend on which all the shareholders paid a hefty 
amount of tax. The same part, the company floated right issue, ₹100. So 
whenever we sell at ₹158, whatever price, again we have to pay tax. So, we 
have been suffering from both sides. This was a very inaccurate decision. So 
now we need to like to see that now since the capital market is good, UK FTA 
is done. So, like what are the growth drivers in the next couple of years and 
how this April and May months so far have panned out? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you very much first of all for very open and clear views. Let me admit 
that the last 2 years for the textile industry overall has been tough and 
particularly RSWM being a player in predominantly synthetic yarn market has 
suffered poor performance for the financials. Coming to the quarter under 
concern which is the fourth quarter of FY24-25, our EBITDA margin stood at 
6.2% from the last quarter of 4.6% and last year the EBITDA margin of 4.7%. 
So, if you look at there is improvement from 4.6% to 6.2% which is around 
1.6% EBITDA margin improvement.  
So, whatever we are discussing is the development which is recent, and we 
have a promising future. If I share with you the Q1 for next Financial Year 
working as on today things are operating either equivalent to Q4 or slightly 
better than that. So, we likely to expect a similar kind of maybe slightly better 
performance for the current quarter. But this is uncertain times, and you never 

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 12 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
know what is going to happen the very next day. So, let's keep our fingers 
crossed and I can only assure you that the new management including my CFO, 
myself and the other team members who are now working on RSWM 2.0, are 
focused more agile for customer needs and for investor needs. The pain that 
you have expressed yourself in terms of not receiving as a stakeholder your 
dividend for last couple of years, we fully appreciate and new management 
definitely take note of that and we will try to work on that. 
Marshall: 
No, actually sir, I was referring to gross margin, not the EBITDA margin. So, if 
the gross margin would have been better, EBITDA would have been even 
better. So, if you see on Q3 vs Q4, our gross margin has gone down. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
So yes, we are definitely working on the cost optimization part and the raw 
material cost optimization. That's in our radar and the team is definitely 
working on it. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
If you look at particularly this quarter, we have liquidated good stock for 
synthetic yarn. So, EBITDA out of the different 5 products that we work, it's 
comparatively lower. So that is why your gross margin reflection is not there 
in terms of percentage. But if you see, overall improvement in businesses 
other than synthetic yarn business, it has been reasonably good. Now we focus 
more on the value-added segment, which probably will give better margins. 
Marshall: 
Good. Regarding dividend, I was not referring to that the company didn't give 
dividend. What I was referring to that in 2022, the company has given ₹25 
dividend, which was not required because on the one hand company gave 
dividend, on the other hand the company made rights issue of ₹100. So, 
means on the one hand company gave dividend, so the seller got money on 
which you have to pay the 30% tax on the dividend. So, there was tax on 
dividend was paid. And again, the same money the company took back, I think 
generally took back by making rights issue of ₹100. So, when the sale price is 
starting ₹150, that amount issue ₹190, so again there is a difference. So, 
whenever we sell those things which were like, allotted on the rights issue, 
again we have to pay the capital gains tax. So, what I'm saying, that decision 
was not a financially prudent decision. Because there was no need to give ₹25 

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 13 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
dividend at the same time because on the one hand by giving dividend, the 
company had made cash outflow. Then to recoup that, the company made 
rights issue, so again it was cash inflow. So, there was no need to give that 
hefty dividend and again to make rights issue. So instead of ₹25 dividend, 
company would have given ₹2, ₹3, ₹4 dividend. So, this balance ₹20 could 
have been offset with the proposed rights issue. So, what I'm saying, the 
shareholder has burned their fingers, first by the bad performance of the 
company the last couple of years due to the overall textile market issue, textile 
industry issue. Number two, what could have been avoided was that there 
was no need to give that hefty dividend of 250%, ₹25 per share and take the 
money back by using rights issue. So, like my point was that now RSWM new 
management is under double pressure so that the shareholders are 
compensated in a way by your better performance so that whatever tax loss 
they have suffered due to none of their fault can be recouped in the near 
future atleast. This was the point. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Your point is well understood, noted and I once again express my thankfulness 
for being so frank. 
Marshall: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor 
Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, if you could just outline towards the CAPEX numbers for the current 
financial year. And since that you mentioned that a lot of effort has gone into 
the lowering of the finance cost as a percentage of sales. So, what should be 
the reduction in absolute number or a percentage of sales going ahead, 
especially for finance cost? 
Nitin Tulyani: 
So currently we are at roughly 2.80% in terms of the overall sales number. But 
definitely we are working on restructuring of the debt. That is, since we have 
suffered losses from the last 2 financial years, so we tend to take the financing 
to repay our high debt so that overall finance cost is balanced. Plus, we are 
also exploring some other options of going towards the vendor bill discounting 
as well as the debtors bill discounting. 

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 14 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Any color you can give or what this initiative would translate into if we take 
the ₹160 crore number for this year vis-à-vis ₹153 for last financial year, what 
should be the landscape, either in absolute terms or as a percentage of this? 
Nitin Tulyani: 
Okay, so the one reason why the finance cost has rose is on account of the 
Ginni Filament capital expansion that we did in last year. So, for the current 
financial year, we are going for the normal capital expansion only and there is 
no huge capital expansion planned as of now. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, during this year, capital expenditure will be limited only through normal 
maintenance capital expenditure or some balancing equipment for enhancing 
the utilization. Otherwise, we are not committing ourselves to any major 
CAPEX for this year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. But will we be able to quantify for other cost efficiency or finance cost, 
what kind of reduction we can see and also on the power and fuel front also? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, two functions, one is the consumption norm and second is price of per unit 
power cost. So, there are two ways to work on that. To reduce the per unit 
power cost, we are continuous working more for green power, which is 
comparatively giving us advantage. So that is one thing. And second, in terms 
of reducing consumption of power, we are working more on the power saving 
and more efficient machines, which are energy efficient. And whatever the 
normal CAPEX we are doing at this point of time. Majority of them is step 
towards improving our power efficiency and reducing our power 
consumption. So, this remains one focus area in all textile working in all the 
years. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. So, my concluding question would be on the Ginni Filament acquisition. 
Sir, how much have we totally spent on the acquisition and also on the 
modernization aspect? I think the machines were old, which we alluded 
earlier. So, what have been the maintenance CAPEX on the same and what has 
been the contribution of the Ginni acquisition for last financial year and the 
current financial year taking into account the current split, how as a 
percentage of the total revenue file continuation from Ginni Filament 
acquisition? 

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 15 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay, so Ginni acquisition actually had two parts. One was the spinning 
division and second was the knitting division as a part of Ginni. So, we had 
around 80,000 spindles in that acquisition. Part of them was good, part of 
them was very old generation of machines which were highly inefficient in 
terms of running. The acquisition to best of my knowledge or memory at this 
point of time it was around ₹160 crore. Now if I share with you the working of 
these two verticals of Ginni acquisition in Chhata which we did, I am happy to 
share that the knitting working has been really good. We have been able to 
sort out all the teething troubles that initially cropped up because of the 
changeover of the management, the delays in shipment or the stabilizing the 
working, all that is taken care. The current quarter has been reasonably okay, 
and I expect better performance in the coming quarters to come. Spinning, of 
course, made the challenge because of the age and the health of the 
machines. Looking at our own financial commitments and the interest 
burdens, company did not decide to go for any major modernization in Chhata 
in the last couple of quarters. Even next year also, we are not proposing any 
major restoration package for Chhata. We will try to minimize loss in terms of 
efficiency and try to strike a balance in terms of the right product mix and right 
utilization. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct. Great. We'll join the queue and all the best to the team. Thank you. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
So, thank you. Nitin Tulyani this side. In closing, I extend my sincere gratitude 
to our employees, stakeholders and partners for their unwavering support. 
With collective effort and a shared vision, we are well positioned to drive 
innovation, strengthen our market presence and deliver sustainable value. 
The road ahead holds great promise and we are confident in our ability to 
grow and succeed in the years to come. Thanks once again. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you. 

“RSWM Limited – Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript" 
                                
 
  Page 16 of 16 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the Management. On behalf of RSWM Limited, we 
would like to formally conclude this Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. We 
sincerely appreciate your participation in this event, and we kindly request 
that you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you for your time and 
engagement. Thank you. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes.) 
 
Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O Gulabpura- 311 021, Distt. Bhilwara Rajasthan  
Website: https://www.rswm.in  
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 
