 
 
Affle 3i Limited 
(Formerly known as Affle (India) Limited) 
Regd. Office | A47 Lower Ground Floor, Hauz Khas, Off Amar Bhawan, New Delhi-110016 
Communication Office | 8th floor, Unitech Commercial Tower - 2, Sector - 45, Gurugram - 122003, Haryana 
(P) 0124-4598749 (W) www.affle.com; CIN: L65990DL1994PLC408172 
 
 
 
Affle/SE/ECT/Q4/2024-25 
 
 
 
 
 
                             May 19, 2025 
 
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G 
Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the fourth quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2025 conducted on May 12, 2025 at 10:00 AM IST 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, May 
12, 2025 at 10:00 AM IST to discuss the results and developments for the fourth quarter and financial year 
ended March 31, 2025. 
 
The same is also available on the Company’s website at https://affle.com/investor-relations. 
 
Please note that the audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call was submitted vide our letter 
Affle/EC/2024-25/Q4 dated May 12, 2025. 
 
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle 3i Limited 
(Formerly known as Affle (India) Limited) 
 
 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Parmita 
Choudhury
Digitally signed by 
Parmita Choudhury 
Date: 2025.05.19 
20:05:03 +05'30'

This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
  
 
 
Affle 3i Limited 
Q4 & 12M FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Chairperson, Managing 
Director & Chief Executive Officer of Affle 3i Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations 
Officer of Affle 3i Limited 
 
Analyst:  
Mr. Anmol Garg – DAM Capital  
 
 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Affle 3i Limited Q4 & 
12M FY2025 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by DAM Capital. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Anmol Garg: 
Thank you Manav. Good morning everyone. On behalf of DAM Capital, we 
welcome you all to Q4 & 12M FY2025 Conference Call of Affle 3i Limited. I 
take this opportunity to welcome the management of Affle 3i Limited, 
represented by Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum who is the Chairperson, MD and CEO 
of the Company; and Mr. Kapil Bhutani who is Chief Financial and Operations 
Officer of the Company. 
 
Before we begin the discussion, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature 
and may involve some risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the Slide 26 of 
the company's earnings presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
 
I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, Anuj. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I trust all of 
you are keeping in good health.  
It is with immense pride that on April 5, 2025, Affle stepped into its third 
decade of transformational growth as Affle 3i Limited. This represents our 
forward-looking vision anchored on three core pillars of Innovation, Impact 
and Intelligence. 
 
Our Affle 3i strategy is powered by the third i - the Augmented, Authentic 
and Actionable Affle intelligence embedded across our Affle 3i consumer 
platform stack. We envision to scale our impact exponentially, unlocking 
intelligent use cases for advertisers and expand our addressable market 
multiple times while achieving hyper contextual personalization for 
consumers and enhanced productivity for our teams. 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
3 
 
Over the last 7 years since we filed our DRHP in 2018, we have achieved over 
13x growth in both topline & profitability and delivered remarkable value 
creation for all our stakeholders. In FY2025, we achieved revenue growth of 
23.0% y-o-y, PAT growth of 28.5% y-o-y and our CPCU revenue increased by 
28.3% y-o-y.  
As global digital spend continues to rise, the shift towards performance-
centric advertising is becoming even more pronounced unlocking robust 
growth opportunities across our key verticals and markets. With a solid 
foundation of two decades behind us, we are aiming for 20%+ growth in 
FY2026, as we pursue a mid-term 10X growth target. 
In Q4 FY2025, we exceeded our performance targets and achieved our highest 
quarterly revenue run-rate, highest EBITDA, PAT and CPCU conversions till 
date. We delivered revenue of Rs. 6,023 million, a growth of 19.0% y-o-y. 
Our focused execution on higher productivity and continuous innovation 
enabled us to achieve highest-ever EBITDA of Rs. 1,340 million and a record 
289 basis points EBITDA margin expansion on a y-o-y basis. We also achieved 
highest-ever PAT of Rs. 1,031 million, a growth of 17.8% y-o-y. Our CPCU 
business delivered 104 million conversions at a CPCU rate of Rs. 57.8 and we 
earned CPCU revenue of Rs. 6,007 million, an increase of 19.2% y-o-y. 
It must be noted that Q3 is generally the highest quarter for advertising 
budgets and Q4 typically sees a sequential seasonal dip between 5-10% after 
the peak of the festive quarter. However, Q4 FY2024 was atypical and we 
beat the seasonality trend for the first time last year. Viewed in this context 
of seasonality and atypical Q4 FY2024, India and Global Emerging markets 
were resilient in Q4 FY2025 and on an adjusted basis contributed 71.1% of 
our revenue in Q4 FY2025, representing 15.9% y-o-y growth vs the atypical 
Q4 of FY2024.  Our adjusted performance trend is along the sustainable 20% 
y-o-y growth trajectory across India and Global Emerging Markets. 
In Q4 FY2025, we once again managed to beat the seasonality trend overall 
as we outperformed in Developed Markets. On an adjusted basis, Developed 
markets outperformed and achieved 9.7% sequential growth in Q4 and 
contributed 28.9% of our revenues in Q4 FY2025, representing 27.3% y-o-y 
growth. 
Our overall growth is accelerated, particularly through our aggressive sales 
efforts across all regions resulting in consistent addition of new account 
logos. Our consistent trajectory highlights the strength of our business model 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
4 
 
and the expanding relevance of our platforms as we penetrate deeper across 
high-growth verticals. We are unlocking new avenues for expansion across all 
markets and strengthening our position as a trusted results-driven partner, 
operating locally across all key regions and closely aligned with the evolving 
needs of digital advertisers. 
We remain committed to investing in next-gen technologies that enhance the 
efficacy of conversion-driven marketing while fortifying our AI-powered 
consumer platform stack. We are proud to have recently received a new 
patent grant in both US & India, marking our 13th Patent grant to date, 
further enhancing our comprehensive tech IP portfolio. The patent titled 
“Method and system for application installation and detection of fraud in 
advertisement”, augments our fraud detection capabilities and underscores 
our dedication to delivering transparent, high-impact user conversions for 
advertisers globally. Additionally, we received another patent grant in India 
which was already granted to us in the US for “Method and system for 
application installation and interaction during a podcast”. 
This quarter, we have included 3 customer approved case studies in our 
presentation. The first case study highlights our unique AI-powered 
capabilities in scaling the acquisition of high LTV premium iOS users. The 
second case study highlights our success in making urban mobility more 
efficient in developed markets with use of hyper-relevant automated 
creatives strategy to achieve high ROIs and the third focuses on the e-
commerce & shopping vertical enabling deep funnel conversions focused on 
repeat purchases in global emerging markets.  
Affle continues to be recognised as a tech thought leader in the industry and 
we became the first company to present 100 live AI agents at the Bombay 
Stock Exchange on 8th April 2025. We registered the adjudicated records 
from both the Asia and the India Book of Records. Further, our Platform was 
recognized as a top growth partner for both android & iOS across 10 
categories and a top ROI-driving partner in Singular’s ROI Index 2025, as well 
as we won multiple other awards at E4M Martech and at ET Brandequity 
DigiPlus Awards. 
Lastly, as also discussed in the previous quarter, to strengthen our 
governance, we have been onboarding new independent directors 
progressively since last year as part of planned transition plan for the 
directors completing their term in 2025. This process continued in the current 
Board meeting with an approval to appoint two new independent directors. 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
5 
 
We remain steadfast in our commitment to upholding best-in-class 
governance practices and ensuring a strong, diverse and independent Board 
to guide our continued growth and Affle 3i vision.  
With that, I now hand over the discussion to our CFO - Kapil Bhutani, to 
discuss the financials. Thanks and over to you Kapil. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thank you Anuj. Good morning and hope all of you are keeping safe and well.  
We concluded FY2025 on a strong note, delivering an all-around performance 
with a robust growth in all four quarters. For the full year on a consolidated 
basis, we achieved revenue of Rs. 22,663 million, representing an increase 
of 23.0% y-o-y. This was driven by broad-based momentum across key 
industry verticals across both India and international markets. 
 
In FY2025, our EBITDA stood at Rs. 4,832 million, registering a growth of 
34.2% y-o-y at a margin of 21.3%. It demonstrated our continued focus on 
profitable and efficient growth.  
We achieved operating cash flow of Rs. 4,260 million, registering a strong 
growth of 62.4% y-o-y. This significant increase reflects our strong 
operational execution and sustained focus on cash generation.  
We recorded FY2025 PAT at Rs. 3,819 million, an increase of 28.5% on a y-o-
y basis despite an increase in our Effective Tax Rate. 
 
Speaking of Q4 quarter, our consolidated  revenue stood at Rs. 6,023 million 
to register a robust growth of 19.0% y-o-y. This quarter while we witnessed 
usual seasonality in India and emerging market combined, we maintained our 
India revenue run-rate broadly at par with what we achieved in Q3 on both 
standalone basis and adjusted basis.  
We recorded EBITDA of Rs. 1,340 million, increasing by a robust 36.7% y-o-y 
and 2.0% q-o-q. Our EBITDA margin improved to 22.2% of the revenues, up 
from 19.4% margin in Q4 last year. 
 
Coming to Opex, our inventory and data cost was 60.6%, showing a marginal 
improvement over Q4 last year, driven by operational efficiencies. Our 
employee cost increased by 1.3% sequentially, but declined 2.9% y-o-y. This 
was primarily driven by past investments in integrated team strategies as 
well as adoption of intelligent automation and AI-supported workflows. These 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
6 
 
measures have contributed to more scalable operations and helped normalize 
our human resource costs. 
 
Our expenses stood at 7.5% of our revenues and declined by Rs. 44.7 million 
on a q-o-q basis. This was primarily driven by higher business promotion 
activities in Q3, which saw a natural tapering in this quarter.  
We achieved profit before tax of Rs. 1,239 million during the quarter, an 
increase of 23.7% y-o-y. Our profit after tax stood at Rs. 1,031 million, 
marking an increase of 17.8% y-o-y and 2.8% q-o-q. Our PAT margin improved 
to 16.6% of the total revenue, up from 16.4% in Q4 last year. 
 
We continue to prioritize efficient working capital management and as such, 
there was no material change in our collection risk.  
Building on our proven track record of innovation and impactful execution, 
strengthened by our strategic initiatives and robust financial position, we 
remain confident in our ability to capitalize on the emerging market 
opportunities. We are well-positioned to sustain our strong business 
momentum through FY2026 and beyond. 
 
With this, I will end the presentation. Let's open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the Q&A session. We have our 
first question from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
A couple of questions. Firstly, it's impressive to see that in a seasonally weak 
quarter, we have maintained similar revenue run-rate as the last quarter. I 
wanted to understand what has led to the strong growth in the developed 
markets during the quarter? Secondly, you said that we can do 20%+ growth 
in FY2026 as well. Would this be again more accelerated by developed 
markets or do you think that both India and developed markets will grow in 
line?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks Anmol for your question. I did highlight in my commentary that it's 
atypical for a company focused on advertising to do at par or better in Q4 
versus Q3. Now we believe that our performance across India & global 
emerging markets have been in line with the expectations. There is some 
seasonality effect for sure. Diwali, New Year, Christmas, all such festivals in 
October, November, December, definitely gives a boost to the consumer 
sentiment spending. 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
7 
 
Therefore the advertisers target a lot more budgets in Q3. So, as an 
aggressive company, we are always trying to beat that trend. Now in a 20-
year history, the only time we managed to beat that was in FY2024. This 
year, we were actually not expecting to beat it, but we were seeing positive 
trends of the momentum that we had built last year in terms of pushing for 
greater sales and greater opportunities in the North America region and 
developed markets in general. 
 
We saw that momentum carry us through, not only with existing customers, 
but also in terms of winning new customers and continuing the growth 
momentum. Of course, the base in developed markets is relatively smaller 
for us. Hence, it was easier to tide over the pullback effect of the 
seasonality. 
 
Now this is just one quarter. When we look at it on an adjusted basis - in 
India, global emerging markets or developed markets and try to understand 
our trend, normalizing it for any anomalies or atypical behavior in the last 
year, we see that there is a consistent pattern and we can sustainably aim 
for around 20% growth in FY2026. We are not calibrating this growth one way 
or the other, whether in favor of developed markets or India & emerging 
markets. We believe that in all our regions and verticals, we will be pushing 
for this kind of balanced growth across the organization. Our plans and 
budgets for FY2026 are made with that thesis in mind. I don't want to pivot 
in favor of one or the other. We want to see broad-based growth and we are 
working hard towards that. We believe we can achieve it. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Just to clarify, is this 20% growth organic? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Yes. I believe we may consider selective and carefully picked acquisition 
targets through this year, but what we are talking right now is organic 
growth. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. My second question is for Kapil. I wanted to understand that for 
FY2025, we have seen a lot of rationalization in our employee expenses. Now 
going ahead, do you think that we still have the tailwind from employee 
expenses or can we get some leverage from the data and inventory cost as 
well? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
As mentioned in the previous calls, our expenses in FY2024 were higher 
because of the investment in the human resource cost and we have drawn 
efficiencies from that in the current year. Having said that, we are also 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
8 
 
maintaining our stance that increase in human cost would be like a step-up 
ladder, where we will be investing for some period and then leveraging the 
efficiencies later over the following period of couple of quarters. In FY2026, 
we don't expect there to be a steep increase in our human resource cost. 
We'll broadly maintain the current level of expenses. 
Anmol Garg: 
Would that mean that margins should be flattish for the year? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
We will be pushing for a gradual EBITDA margin expansion by a few basis 
points each year. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. I will get back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Deep Shah from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Deep Shah: 
Hi, sir. Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. The patents that we've 
announced, if you could just help us explain a bit better. Given we already 
have an mFaaS platform and this one is also to do with some of the audit 
checks or the fraud checks, thus if you can help me understand better what 
is this and how is it different? How does it help us? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Sure. Well, that's a great question. When we build our technology roadmaps, 
we always ring fence it with patents and protection of our IP. You rightly 
pointed out that we have the mFaaS platform, which is our tool that is doing 
predictive analytics to catch any fraudulent behavior in the entire adtech 
ecosystem. We have intended to do that rather diligently throughout our 
history. We have been always working on that dimension. 
 
Now this is an important aspect of technology. Therefore, many years ago, 
we had filed the patents to protect our IP in this area. Typically, the patent 
process, the granting of the patents from filing to all the checks and balances 
that it goes through, it takes several years for a patent to be granted, 
especially in the U.S. patent office and also in the India patent office. 
 
Having won these patents now is a validation of the fact that we have a strong 
competitive moat and differentiated technology. We were early movers and 
were the first ones to conceptualize these aspects of tech innovation. 
Therefore, winning the patent in the U.S. and the India market, two very 
important markets strategically for us is an important validation and also 
strengthens our intellectual property portfolio. 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
9 
 
 
Does it mean that we will suddenly start making more revenues or whether 
we'll now start hiring lawyers and start charging all the ecosystem to say, 
hey, we had this patent and you start giving us royalties. I believe it is 
premature to take that dimension at the moment. But it is important to note 
that we have a robust patent portfolio, about 36 unique patents, which 
hopefully will give us protection across various jurisdictions, and close to 45+ 
patents across different jurisdictions. 
 
But in terms of the unique patents, we have got 13 granted already, 36 in 
total filed. It should build confidence of our investors that these are all real 
innovations, which are creating real intellectual property moat for the 
company. I hope that answers the question and it is just the timing of it. 
When the conceptualization of the roadmap happens, there are a few 
dimensions to look at. There is product development as well as intellectual 
property moat development with patents being an important tool in that. 
Deep Shah: 
So, generally in your experience, what has been the duration between, let’s 
say, conceptualizing something to a patent being granted to be able to 
monetize it in a way that puts us in a much superior position. If you could 
quantify this, if it's possible? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: It is not something to be quantified. It is actually all working in tandem at all 
points in time. While the product is there and the innovation is there, the 
market and the customers will recognize that, because they see that no other 
competitor is supposedly bringing these kind of tools, capabilities and 
demonstrating it to their clients. You start winning business and monetization 
advantage straight away. You start building a reputation for yourself straight 
away. 
 
Now filing a patent doesn't necessarily mean that you will get it. So, to get 
it eventually validates it and strengthens the market thought leadership 
position for the company. That also wins confidence of customers and their 
ability to trust us with their data, with their business, knowing that this is an 
honorable stakeholder in this ecosystem. To the extent that this ecosystem 
has areas that need to be cleaned up, Affle and its technology as a 
responsible citizen in this ecosystem is bringing honor and appropriateness 
to how we conduct ourselves. 
 
This will also help us as we go along in areas of data privacy or in AI. Building 
trust over two decades and building thought leadership with intellectual 
property and consistent innovation is what we are demonstrating. How do I 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
10 
 
quantify that? A lot of our revenues here is because customers trust our 
company. Why do they trust our company is because of all of these 
credentials. Therefore, it's all in tandem and it is always adding to the 
strength of the company. 
Deep Shah: 
Right. This is very useful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Lokesh Manik from 
Vallum Capital. Please go ahead.  
Lokesh Manik: 
Good morning to the team. Just a couple of clarifications. One is on the 
employee expense front, although Kapil did mention it, the efficiencies are 
coming from the previous year investments. Just wanted to understand that, 
is it part of the QIP and the preferential issue in the sense that had we not 
had this money raised, we would have expensed through the P&L rather than 
creating intangible assets? So, the cost efficiencies that we are seeing of 
about 200 bps would not be maintained. This is just from a view to 
understand whether this is structural in nature and can we assume employee 
cost at maybe 10% of sales going forward? 
Secondly, we have observed that revenues from the core verticals like EFGH, 
have gone up now from 90% to 100% this time. At the same time, there's been 
a fall in the non-CPCU revenue. So is there any correlation there? Are they 
connected? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks Lokesh for your questions. Allow me to take them. Regarding 
employee expense, while Kapil did provide the insight that FY2024 was higher 
due to the investments being made and the acquisitions being done. In 
FY2025, we had already given guidance that we will create strategic 
integrations and efficiencies across all our business units and making sure 
that we achieve that outcome.  
What you're seeing now, FY2024 versus FY2025 is an expected part. It has 
nothing to do with the QIP or preference issue or going through P&L or 
anything else. It was supposed to happen. It would have happened 
independent of any QIP or anything like that. I would also like to mention 
that we are an organization that is an asset-light tech platform, scalable 
system organization.  
In terms of using technology and technology automation for all our operations 
around the world, it is an absolutely important criteria for all the 
management of the organization. Using augmented, authentic, actionable 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
11 
 
intelligence & automation and embedding it across every role & function of 
the company is something that we do with a lot of energy and focus, which 
will continue to see this kind of efficiencies unfolding. 
 
We are talking about 20% growth in terms of our business, our revenues and 
so on. We are also saying that our costs will not increase in the same 
proportion as the revenue growth, because we don't need to have 20% more 
workforce in order to make 20% more revenue. It's a tech platform-based 
organization with a lot of automation backing it up. This will continue to 
yield greater efficiencies at the bottom line as we go along. 
 
Regarding your question on EFGH and the non-CPCU business, since many 
years ago, even pre-IPO roadshows, I have always maintained that the non-
CPCU business is waiting to become CPCU business. The non-CPCU business 
is now increasingly becoming CPCU business because those customers that 
were working with us on non-CPCU basis, we've gone back to them and said, 
look, this is our main line of business and we want you here. If somebody is 
doing branding campaigns, we are still going to them and saying, let's make 
it more ROI-oriented, more performance-oriented and measurable. We have 
been one of the first companies in the market, especially in the U.S. and also 
in India and other emerging markets, to bring performance-linked, ROI-linked 
CTV advertising and connecting it to households, looking at connected 
devices with a unique perspective. 
 
The emphasis here is strategic in nature and having one clear CPCU business, 
which is a consistent business. Any acquisitions that we are doing, anything 
that we are doing in our business, we are doubling down, tripling down on 
this business. We see a long runway for consistent growth here and a large 
addressable market for many years to come.  
We are not trying to diversify or we are not trying to find another segment. 
We are already diversified in the sense that the CPCU business is present 
across industry verticals and across geographies. We are delivering broad-
based growth and possibilities but the CPCU business is where we are 
anchored. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Just last question. Netflix is talking about opening up their platform for 
performance advertising or platform advertising in general. We've done 
something similar with Amazon India. Are you targeting that account actively 
or will this be a competitive segment? 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
12 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: This is a strong indicator of confidence that established businesses & content 
platforms like Netflix, where they have paying subscribers; After they have 
achieved a certain level of growth, they realize that the only way to get long-
term consistent growth on their user numbers and revenues is to unlock the 
advertising-based business model. Which essentially means that instead of 
the paying user, let the user enjoy some content but instead get an ad-funded 
model. 
This is, again, proving the robustness and the long-term resilience of our 
business model. Netflix to us in this scenario would be a publisher. It would 
be a partner and we'll be able to work with to say that, hey, we have a lot 
of advertisers, about 75% of our revenue is directly from advertisers. For 
those advertisers, maybe our platform could be buying certain impressions 
or clicks on Netflix by showing ads of our advertisers to the users of Netflix. 
Netflix would become a form of a publisher or an inventory source, which we 
can work with either directly by partnering with them or through other 
intermediaries in the ecosystem. We see this as a positive dimension where 
we are going to see more unique inventory coming into the market and more 
possibilities to do consumer engagement to drive conversions. This is actually 
all rather positive and we will cross the bridge one step at a time. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Understood. But are we in any discussions with them? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: It's too early to comment. It would be fair to say that it will be a natural 
course of business, either they will reach out to us or we are already in 
discussions. As long as they're doing any meaningful activity in the markets 
where we are present, I'm absolutely sure there will be some form of 
business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vijit Jain from Citi. 
Please go ahead. 
Vijit Jain: 
My first question is on the developments around anti-trust ruling on Google. 
From a broader market perspective, I would really appreciate your thoughts 
on how do you think this could change the ad industry in general, if something 
comes out of it? That's my first question.  
Also related to the developed markets, I know you have a relatively small 
base in U.S. and it's also domain-specific, slightly more gaming-centric than 
other industries in general. How do you think a mild recession scenario in 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
13 
 
U.S. plays out for you given your exposure to that market? Then I'll just follow 
up with a quick question with Kapil? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: From a regulatory standpoint, anti-trust ruling is just one dimension of the 
kind of rulings that these large walled gardens are needing to deal with. You 
will see all kinds of clipping of wings from the regulators to keep a check and 
balance on some of these large industry players who are dealing with a lot of 
data. They're dealing with a lot of market share and their practices with 
respect to competition. 
 
I've always maintained that the Adtech industry has over-calibrated on the 
level of spending that the advertisers are doing on the walled gardens. I 
expect that to become more broad-based in favor of the non-Google, non-
Meta and non-walled garden platforms as we go along and as some of their 
competitive practices come under check through such rulings and 
regulations. I would just keep it to that and I would let time unfold and tell 
further. But on a broad basis we are watching what's happening. I believe 
this is all working towards a fair outcome in the longer term for every player 
in the ecosystem, and eventually beneficiaries would be the consumers and 
the advertisers.  
With respect to your question on developed markets, I would like to address 
it by first and foremost clarifying that Affle is a unique company and different 
from most other listed Adtech companies. Why? Because they are deeply and 
heavily calibrated on the U.S. market and they are deeply calibrated on the 
gaming vertical. If you look at any of the Adtech companies historically, even 
any Indian ones that may have focused on North America as a big market, 
they become one dimensional: North America, gaming. All their talent is 
focused on that. Affle is unique.  
Affle is deeply focused on global emerging markets, of course, anchored out 
of the advantages we have derived from India. Therefore, taking those 
advantages to other emerging markets, be it in Southeast Asia, Latin 
American markets, Africa, Middle East and all of these regions, we are taking 
that advantage and growing. Those advantages come in competitively handy 
for us as we entered into developed markets. We are broad-based in terms 
of verticals. We are not as heavily calibrated on gaming as the other 
competitors are, who are approx. 80% to 90% gaming companies and now 
starting to think how they should do e-commerce or non-gaming verticals, 
whereas 
Affle 
has 
fundamentally 
been 
broad-based 
focused 
on 
verticalization across EFGH categories. 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
14 
 
 
Even in the U.S. right now, we are focused on gaming as well as non-gaming 
verticals for our customers and Fintech, e-commerce, and some of the case 
studies that we keep sharing consistently in our earnings reports are already 
indicative of that. We are fairly broad- based.  
Now U.S. as you know is a large addressable market, and we are relatively 
small. We are differentiated with our CPCU business model and bringing in 
certain unique experiences and capabilities from emerging markets. I believe 
it makes us competitive in that market. Given our base is small and the 
addressable market is large, I don't think a recession in the U.S., which is 
again speculative, will have major implications. As and when it will happen, 
we'll navigate it.  
But when it happens, I believe the advertisers would be wanting to put their 
budgets to a CPCU performance ROI-linked business model. Affle with our 
smaller base, will go and fight out aggressively selling hard to make sure that 
we continue to grow even in a scenario where it leads to some kind of a 
recession. I'm fairly optimistic and I feel that we are in a highly privileged 
position given the way we have balanced our business across verticals and 
across geographies. 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Just a follow-up on the India business. So if I look at the seasonality 
comment and I can see that in the numbers as well on a q-o-q basis. But if I 
look at the India and Emerging Markets business on a y-o-y basis, in the last 
three quarters, growth has somewhat slowed on a y-o-y basis from 25% to 
22%, and now 16%. So any comments on that? I know you've already guided 
to 20% plus broad-based growth for FY2026. But what is driving this 
deceleration in the last two-three quarters? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I wouldn't see it as a deceleration, frankly. I'm fairly comfortable with the 
way our team is executing and the way the market is responding to us across 
India and emerging markets. Regarding 20%, it's always been consistent in 
the last few years in terms of our guidance. 
 
Even in this quarter, 16%, I've already explained that Q4 last year was higher 
and it was atypical for it to be like that. So when we normalize it and adjust 
the base quarter and see what is happening in the market, we actually find 
that our growth trends are sustainable at around 20%+ and we should be 
anchored on that. That's why I've given you all of that clarification. 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
15 
 
 
Where is it coming from? It's coming from existing customers. We have good 
coverage of existing customers. There is also active and aggressive selling 
happening to new customers, opening and unlocking new use cases and 
innovations that we consistently bring to the market. Therefore, getting to 
20%, I believe, is a reasonable and real expectation. 
Vijit Jain: 
My last question, just on the other expenses to Kapil. Last quarter, I think 
you did call out that Q3 has seasonal business promotion spending and some 
of that came off in 4Q. But broadly speaking, if you could talk about what 
the steady state for business promotion is for you as you look ahead? And 
what that number was for FY2025 because we obviously don't have the annual 
report yet, if you can share that? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
You can take the current year expense & other income as normal for us on a 
yearly basis, but avoid considering the quarterly run-rate because of 
seasonality and spending on the events happens at different times. The 
events & marketing do not happen consistently on a quarterly basis at the 
same pace. They are spread out unevenly across different quarters. 
Generally in Q3, the marketing spends are higher. Yes, this was called out in 
the previous call also. Going forward as well, we'll be looking at increasing 
the marketing spends, but not to the tune of the increase in the revenue. 
You should look at the expense items on a full-year basis because the 
businesses have a seasonality in the spending also. 
Vijit Jain: 
Right. So, Kapil, when I see the FY2024 numbers, I think business promotions 
was about 2.8% of revenue for FY2024. Could you share the number for 
FY2025, what this number was? That will give me a sense of how to think 
about that part? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Basically, our target is to spend about 3%-3.5% on the upper side and about 
2% on the lower side for the marketing and promotion expenses, in a broad 
range of how we plan for it. 
Vijit Jain: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Arun Prasath from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Arun Prasath: 
Good morning everyone. Thanks for the opportunity. Anuj, my question 
continues on the gaming vertical. Ever since we acquired YouAppi, the 
growth delivered by the Developed markets is higher than the Emerging 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
16 
 
Markets. So this kind of gives us a sense that gaming has played a huge role, 
which is what you have also acknowledged? 
But does it also mean that in the emerging markets, the gaming is either not 
such a big vertical or we are yet to use the full might of the YouAppi platform 
in the emerging markets, and that gives us some kind of a growth potential 
going forward? Is it the right way to think about it? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Yes, it is the right way to think about it as in developed markets, the gaming 
is a much bigger vertical versus in the emerging markets. Having said that, 
in the developed markets, the non-gaming verticals are also large 
addressable markets, and they are underserved because most of the 
incumbent players have gravitated to gaming because that is such a big 
vertical there that everybody starts fighting that battle and starts wanting 
to play that tournament with their best talent and capabilities. 
 
I would say that the non-gaming verticals are underserved and a bit neglected 
by the incumbent competitors in the developed markets. So when Affle goes 
into developed markets, we are seeing a better competitive advantage for 
us when we go into non-gaming verticals. Of course, with the acquisition of 
YouAppi, we've got some more strength in gaming with them, and we have 
integrated that into our core propositions. We are taking that to market 
rather aggressively in India, other global emerging markets as well as in 
developed markets as one sort of integrated proposition focused on gaming. 
I would leave it to the market forces to define, but what I want you and our 
investors to focus on is that Affle as a platform is verticalized into many 
verticals, classified in EFGH category. 
 
Gaming is one of our verticals. It is an important vertical and it is the most 
competitively fought for vertical as far as developed markets are concerned 
and the incumbent players are concerned there. Such players are now 
starting to see how can they go beyond gaming and are starting to calibrate 
their tech stack and algorithms towards non-gaming, which I think is an 
advantage for us because we are naturally addressing it already. 
Arun Prasath: 
Ballpark, what is our exposure to the gaming vertical overall at this point of 
time? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: We do not break the contribution of the categories of EFGH, but I would say 
it is fairly balanced. Categories E, F and G are all reasonably balanced, and 
in category H, which is healthcare, hospitality, we are seeing it's catching up 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
17 
 
as well. But overall, I would say category E, F and G are all strong and robust 
sort of categories or verticals for us. 
Arun Prasath: 
Am I safe to assume gaming will be our largest vertical? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I believe it would be almost at par with category E, which is e-commerce, 
entertainment and education. Category G would be almost at par with that. 
In some quarters, one would be more than the other, but it is all fairly broad- 
based and balanced-out. We are not over-calibrating one way or the other, 
but we are definitely pushing hard. Now things could change as we push 
harder in developed markets and we could win some really large customers 
in gaming and numbers could change. Developed markets can create that 
kind of imbalance potentially. At the moment the way we execute, we are 
having sales teams, which are focused on different customer accounts and 
verticals. We do see a broad-based growth coming along, but it is possible. 
We may going forward, see some really massive wins and sudden upside, but 
we will talk about it if and when that happens. 
Arun Prasath: 
Secondly, on the business development expense once again. I'm sure that we 
are attending all the events globally and there are only finite number of 
events. So I'm just curious why our Business Development expense continues 
to be pegged to the revenue? I would assume at some point of time it will 
flatten out. Just help us understand how to think about it. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Sure. There are many ways in which business development happens. Events 
are not only industry events that we attend but also create industry events 
of our own in key markets where we work with partners and call certain 
customers and so on. The format of business development has evolved from 
doing 1:1 selling and knocking at people's offices and doing meetings. That 
also happens. But the industry has evolved over time to curate events where 
there are multiple speakers and customers, and there's a forum so that 
people are looking for either traveling into for that event for a day or two 
and so on. So, industry events is one, doing our own events is another 
dimension, doing events for a select group of customers, and not everything 
becomes public.  
There are private events, then there are industry events which everybody 
knows about and then there are smaller forum private events which we do. 
It is something that we would like to peg closer to the revenue because this 
is a tool that we give to all our regions, sales heads and the general managers 
for each of the markets to achieve the revenue. 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
18 
 
We are pushing them to go and sell more to get existing customers as well as 
new customers into these events and create the right forums to not just 
winning of business but also establishing thought leadership of what we are 
doing going forward. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. Understood. One bookkeeping question. Kapil, if you see our net 
working capital in FY2025 has largely remained flat as compared to FY2024 
despite revenue growing by 23%. Can we safely assume that this is a way 
forward where our working capital requirements will continue to decrease 
on a days’ basis? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
I still hold our old position that we require  30+ days of working capital, 
though we are working at about 10 days working capital at the moment. But 
yes, our business modeling is at 30 days model. We continue to exceed our 
performance on the cash management and client management and we hope 
to do so going forward too. 
Arun Prasath: 
So what happened in FY2025, where we had some exceptional performance 
on the working capital side? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
The debtor (receivable) days have reduced on certain clients and we have 
been able to negotiate better terms with the paying side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have our next question from the line of Rahul Jain 
from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is related to web traffic moving 
away to AI tools instead of mobile desktop browser. Will that impact us in 
some manner in the near term? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: At the moment if you look at the overall ecosystem, there's a tremendous 
amount of increase expected in connected devices globally. Today, Affle’s 
reach is over 3.6 billion connected devices. We are realistically looking at 
how that could reach to about 10 billion connected devices over the course 
of this decade. We see that there's a huge amount of human traffic increase 
in terms of amount of time that is being spent online. The time spent went 
from the browser and search to app stores, and from apps to now another 
dimension of AI tools-related traffic. 
We already have quite a number of patents as well as innovative use cases. 
Not only using AI tools to serve our business more efficiently and better, but 
also to see how we are integrating the experience where you're dealing with 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
19 
 
a consumer directly or you're dealing with an AI agent of the consumer. For 
example, I believe that going forward, just like you have a personal e-mail 
ID, you have a professional e-mail ID, similarly you'll have a personal AI agent 
and you'll have a professional AI agent, which is work related. 
 
We will be dealing with all of these kinds of interfaces. One is direct to the 
consumer, another is dealing with the AI agent of the consumer and making 
sure that these engagements lead to monetizable conversions eventually. But 
there is going to be another authenticated AI agent of the consumer who will 
be making certain decisions. For example, in your household, your fridge 
might decide to buy groceries based on a certain pattern that you may assign 
to it. We are building certain use cases towards that. It's not necessarily an 
issue of supply or inventory. I think it is an issue of how we attribute 
conversions, which may happen from authenticated AI agents acting on 
behalf of the consumer. 
 
When that is established, I believe that the use cases that we're already 
envisioning, trying and building in our products will keep us in good stead. 
But the ecosystem is evolving. If you are just looking at modeling our 
business, the first thing to model is how many connected devices will 
increase in the ecosystem. Will that lead to more volume and more value of 
conversions happening online on mobile? If the answer to all of that is yes, 
we believe that we will have an increasing growth rate with advertisers' 
spends for conversion growing on our platform. We will be finding a way to 
make sure that we navigate not only direct-to-consumer conversions but also 
driving conversions through their AI agents. 
 
Going back to the earlier conversation about the fraud detection - identity 
detection - it is going to be very important because we will also have a lot of 
fraudulent AI agents and tools out there. All the IP that we have built around 
fraud detection and management will become even more relevant. 
 
So the need for Affle 3i consumer platform tech stack will only increase for 
the ecosystem because the ecosystem will have more complexities to deal 
with, both on the good use cases where you have not only the human traffic, 
but authenticated, credible human-assigned agents acting on their behalf 
kind of traffic. Then, you will also have a lot of fraudulent AI kind of traffic 
as well and therefore a tool and a platform, which is automated to deal with 
all of these complex scenarios, is going to become even more essential for 
the advertisers than it is today. I'm feeling pretty safe about the moat and 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
20 
 
the relevance of what we are building going forward, and we'll deal with 
these use cases competently. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. I understand the potential and all that. Basically, just to slightly clarify 
and if the answer changes accordingly, was that as the traffic moved from 
browser to mobility, similarly, when it moves from within mobility to AI, does 
the ecosystem on the ad exchange or back end could change? If that does not 
change, then I can understand your situation. 
 
Secondly on the Opticks AI, as you explained in your event, how much savings 
is it bringing on the content creation side? That would be helpful. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thank you very much for asking those questions again. We believe that most 
of the AI traffic will happen on mobile at the moment. The other devices, 
other connected devices, wearables or other embedded chips and so on, I 
believe it will still take 5 years to become mainstream. For now, a lot of the 
AI traffic would still be on mobile and therefore, the fundamentals of that 
engagement should be seen as an authenticated AI traffic on behalf of the 
consumer and should be treated as no different from the consumer itself.  
That's how we see it at the moment. I see no major disruption on how we 
will measure conversions attributed back to that consumer whether it is 
through their AI agent or directly by them. I believe that conversion 
attribution will eventually go back to the consumer. I don't see any 
fundamental change there. 
 
With respect to Opticks AI, we as a company, have always been receiving 
creatives from the advertisers. So we don't go and start making video ads or 
we don't start making banner ads. We receive creatives based on the brand 
assets of the advertisers. What we do to them is to enhance them, augment 
them, authenticate them ensuring that those creatives are working and are 
being targeted to the right users at the right time. 
 
If we find that some of the creatives are working well in one consumer 
segment context but it's not working well in another, then we would work 
with the advertisers in the past. The cycle of going back to them, giving them 
feedback that your creative is not okay, can we have better creative or can 
be more creative. That has now become automated with Opticks AI. The 
brand has to give us very little. With that, little information that the brand 
tells us and with some of the creatives that they give us, with Opticks AI, we 
can create many more creatives that are contextually hyper-personalized to 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
21 
 
the consumer segments that we are reaching out to. Whether it is vernacular 
personalization or it is other forms of cultural contextual personalization, 
that is what Opticks AI is doing. There was no cost to us at the beginning. 
 
Now when we run Optics AI, it is a fairly scaled tech platform and the 
incremental cost to our tech infrastructure is not dramatic. We are doing it 
efficiently and it is part of doing the business. The ROI on how we run the 
conversion linked campaigns justify running it as part of our data and 
inventory cost. It is not going to change the dynamics dramatically. Rather, 
it will help to improve the performance and the value perception of our 
platform to the advertisers as well as the hyper- contextual personalization 
to consumers will make advertising appear more like engaging content and 
recommendations to the consumers versus annoying ads. 
Rahul Jain: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next participant from the line of Samarth Patel from 
Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Samarth Patel: 
Thanks for providing me the opportunity. My first question is how the mix 
between new user acquisition versus retargeting has evolved, in India, 
emerging market and developed market this financial year? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks for that question. When we run our business as a consumer platform 
for driving conversions, we look at each conversion and the value of that 
conversion. Our goal is to make sure that our advertisers are appreciating 
the value of the conversion and therefore, paying us. Of course, the user 
might do a first conversion with an advertiser. But essentially, if you look at 
the case study that we shared, we emphasized today in one of the case 
studies that we're looking for high lifetime value consumers conversions for 
the advertiser. 
 
What does that mean? When we get a conversion for an advertiser, they 
would not only say what was the value of the transaction that happened and 
what was the conversion. They're seeing what kind of a user, what kind of a 
consumer has Affle brought to them. If it is an iPhone user, which has a higher 
lifetime value, the willingness to pay goes up. If it is a higher-value iPhone 
user, they're also looking at how many repeat transactions can they get from 
that user to quantify that lifetime value. 
 
Now, how does Affle earn its money? We are charging per conversion, right? 
Whether it's the first conversion or the repeat conversion, we are charging 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
22 
 
for each conversion along the way. We are going to the advertiser and 
justifying that we brought you this consumer, if it is a first-time conversion, 
we work out the story in a certain way. If it is a repeat conversion, we are 
defending because there's such a competitive market and whether it's e-
commerce or entertainment, all the consumers are not loyal to just one 
advertiser app that they work with. They usually engage with two or three 
similar sort of apps. I believe that on your device, you might have most of 
the e-commerce apps and the entertainment apps. Even though you are an 
existing customer to that advertiser, they are constantly conscious that they 
may lose you to a competitor.  
You can buy from an e-commerce app A or a B. Therefore, we don't create a 
massive distinction here with respect to balancing it out. In our case, we 
have driven close to 400 million conversions in this financial year. Now I 
would say it's a fair balance of about 50%-50% when I see it from the 
advertisers' lens where how many are new conversions versus how many are 
repeat conversions.  
But as far as we are concerned as a platform, all of those 400 million 
conversions, chances are that we have already done some conversion with 
those users in the previous year or during the course of the year for either 
an advertiser A or B. A lot of it is repeat conversions as far as our platform is 
concerned, whether it is from one advertiser to another. 
 
I hope I have not given you an overly complex answer. But from an 
advertiser's lens, I would say that in emerging markets, they are more pushing 
for new user acquisition. While in developed markets, the balance is a lot of 
times in favor of repeat engagements of the existing customers. It depends 
on the maturity level of the advertiser and how much they are spending for 
new market share versus defending their existing base of customers. 
Samarth Patel: 
That is really helpful. My second question is if you can help contextualize the 
Q4 growth across India, emerging market ex-of India and developed markets. 
And what would you attribute as the biggest driver in each of this region? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: In Q4, I would say, in developed markets, we saw broad-based growth coming 
from existing customers, new customers new user acquisition, repeat 
customers. Across the board, it was a good execution and momentum. We're 
carrying through the momentum of what we had done throughout for the last 
1.5-to-2 years. 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
23 
 
 
In emerging markets, we saw the seasonality trend, where the budgets have 
been massive. Specially in LATAM, for example in Brazil the budgets are 
massive across all businesses, during the months of October, November and 
December. Then January, February and March period is generally the lowest 
quarter for the whole year. This is quite consistent across Latin America. 
 
In Southeast Asia and in India, we found it more resilient. There were 
seasonality trends but because we're also selling to new customers, we are 
finding more growth. We're not just dependent upon the customers that we 
had in October, November, December. So yes, existing customers would 
have seen seasonality, but we are pushing for new customer sales and 
therefore, getting more business. In India, we were able to neutralize the 
impact. In other emerging markets, we saw that even selling to new 
customers in Jan, Feb, March was harder because they were somehow all 
exhausted by having done a lot in October, November, December or it's just 
maybe a cultural thing. 
 
In developed markets, we saw consistent momentum leading to great growth, 
beating the seasonality trends. That's how the results came. Overall, we are 
happy that we had second consecutive year where Q4 is at least at par with 
Q3. As the CEO of the company and as an industry experienced entrepreneur, 
I can say this is not normal. This is actually very good, but I'm sensitizing you 
for your modeling going forward. Please always keep the seasonality impact 
from Q3 to Q4. That is prudent. That's the right thing to do and that's how 
we do our business planning. If we beat it, that's great, but we don't expect 
to beat it generally. 
Samarth Patel: 
That is really helpful Anuj. Thanks for taking up my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a last question for today from the line of Deepak from 
Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Deepak: 
I just had one question. Since Affle is a cash-generating company and right 
now, we have more than Rs. 1,300 crores of cash on our balance sheet, I just 
wanted to understand that how do we plan to utilize this in the next year or 
over the next 1 to 2 years? Do we expect any kind of buy-backs or would it 
be more linked/consumed during any acquisitive opportunity? Just some 
flavor on the capital deployment. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks Deepak for that question. We are an aggressive growth-oriented 
company which is looking for sensible consistent long-term growth. Every 

Affle 3i Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
24 
 
asset of the company, whether it's an intellectual asset or a financial asset, 
will be deployed to its fullest capacity to maximize sensible, long-term, 
profitable cash flow positive growth. 
 
I'm super proud of our company. In my commentary, I only commented on 
the P&L metrics, but I think my CFO commented also on the cash flow metrics 
and seeing over 60% growth in cash flow from operations versus previous year 
is something to be deeply proud of. I really believe that our company is doing 
exceptionally well, not only with deploying the cash towards greater growth 
in the business, but also through the business that we are doing. We are a 
disciplined unit about how we generate cash. 
 
It's beyond any accounting standards, like cash is cash. I mean there's only 
one way to report it because it exists. I believe that is super important to 
drive home. Your question is valid. At the moment, we are looking to deploy 
every single asset of the company, cash included, towards delivering greater 
growth because we are on a 10x growth plan in the medium term. We would 
be working really hard and making every asset of ours work really hard to 
achieve that. 
Deepak: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thank you everyone. This is a meaningful year for us because it's our first 
year of the third decade and the last month was very special. It was the first 
month of our third decade. I want to assure you that we have put in a 
tremendous amount of energy to propel ourselves towards the 10x growth 
that we are eyeing for in the medium term. We are strengthening the 
foundation of the company like never before. We are building greater sense 
of pride & purpose and ensuring that the entire organization is aligned 
towards this goal. So with that, stay tuned and we look forward to your 
continued support and to our next earnings call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of DAM Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
*** end *** 
 
