 
 
 
  Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
Corporate Headquarters 
M A Road, Srinagar 190001 
Kashmir, India 
CIN: L65110JK1938SGC000048 
T +91 (0)194 248 3775 
F +91 (0)194 248 1928 
W www.jkbank.com  
E board.sectt@jkbmail.com 
 
 
Board Secretariat 
            Ref:-JKB/BS/F3652/2025/035 
            Date: 09th May, 2025 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza  5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1  G-Block   
Bandra Kurla Complex   
Bandra (E)  Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: J&KBANK 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001    
Scrip Code:532209 
 
 
  Sub:-   Transcript of Conference Call held on May 06, 2025 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In continuation to our letter no.’s JKB/BS/F3652/2025/023 and JKB/BS/F3652/2025/034 dated 
April 25, 2025 and May 06, 2025 respectively and pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the 
Conference Call held on May 06, 2025 by the Bank in relation to the Audited Financial Results of 
the Bank for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2025 is enclosed and also available 
on the website of the Bank under following link: 
 
https://www.jkbank.com/investor/analystInteraction/investorConferenceCalls.php 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination.  
 
Thanking you 
 
 Yours faithfully  
 
     For Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
 
         
        
      Mohammad Shafi Mir 
      Company Secretary  
Mohamma
d Shafi Mir
Digitally signed by Mohammad Shafi Mir 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=191131, l=Ganderbal, 
st=Jammu and Kashmir, street=ganjipora batwina, Batvena, 
Ganderbal Jammu and Kashmir India 191131, title=5504, 
2.5.4.20=f967bd71f559747b387d419e56605e9e342b989bde651
ebf36672be670c15047, 
serialNumber=66e7c458fadfd58d0b1e3af6cfa93526782626d2f4a
82a11e8de9af7cbcce6cd, email=shafi.mir@jkbmail.com, 
cn=Mohammad Shafi Mir 
Date: 2025.05.09 10:51:00 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited Q4 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMITAVA CHATTERJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
& CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SUDHIR GUPTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. ASHUTOSH SAREEN – HEAD (CORPORATE 
CREDIT) 
MR. RAKESH KOUL – HEAD (TREASURY) 
MR. SUSHIL GUPTA – HEAD (FINANCE) 
MR. RAIS MAQBOOL – HEAD (GOVERNMENT BANKING 
AND SUBSIDIARY MANAGEMENT) 
MR. RAJESH MALLA TICKOO – HEAD (IMPAIRED 
ASSETS PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT) 
MR. NARJAY GUPTA – HEAD (RETAIL CREDIT AND 
LIABILITY) 
MR. ALTAF HUSSAIN KIRA – CHIEF RISK OFFICER 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to the Q4 and FY 2025 Conference Call of 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
We have with us from the Bank, Mr. Amitava Chatterjee – Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer, along with his Management Team.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chatterjee. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to all the participants to the J&K Bank March 2025 
Earnings Call. 
So, before we start with the Results, I would just like to introduce my fellow colleagues from 
the Bank’s senior management who are accompanying me on this call. We have an Executive 
Director – Mr. Sudhir Gupta, the Corporate Credit Head - Mr. Ashutosh Sareen, Treasury Head 
- Mr. Rakesh Koul, who has joined from Mumbai, Finance Head - Mr. Sushil Gupta, 
Government Banking and Subsidiary Management Head - Mr. Rais Maqbool, Impaired Assets 
Portfolio Management Head - Mr. Rajesh Malla Tickoo, Retail Credit and Liability Head - Mr. 
Narjay Gupta, and Chief Risk Officer - Mr. Altaf Hussain Kira.  
 
We are pleased to share the Results of another landmark year with the Bank recording a hat-trick 
of delivering lifetime high annual profits, posting a net profit of Rs. 2,082 crores for the Financial 
Year '24-'25. This remarkable and consistent achievement stands as a testament to the strength 
of this Bank, our disciplined growth and consistent focus on creating sustainable value for all 
stakeholders.  
 
The Y-o-Y growth for net profit stands at 17.8%. However, excluding the one-off item on 
account of reversal of excess gratuity provision amounting to Rs. 243 crores in the last quarter 
of 2023-24, the surge in net profit is an astounding 37%. The Bank has almost touched the 
milestone of Rs. 3,000 crores annual operating profit, same being recorded at Rs. 2,930 crores 
and recording a 28.7% Y-o-Y growth.  
 
Even on a quarterly basis, the Bank has ended the year on a high with operating profit crossing 
Rs. 800 crores and net profit was recorded at Rs. 585 crores, up 10% Q-o-Q.  
 
With respect to our market guidance for Financial Year '25, we are reasonably satisfied that we 
have delivered on almost all financial parameters, even surpassing our guidance on a few of 
them.  

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
The Bank has registered double-digit growth in both deposits, that is 10.2%, and advances, that's 
11.1%, though it has fallen short of our guidance especially for credit growth. But our growth is 
broadly in line with the overall banking industry as data released by RBI shows that scheduled 
commercial banks clocked a loan growth of 11% for the Financial Year 2025 while deposits 
grew by 10.3%. However, the Bank has recorded a strong Quarter 4 performance with net 
advances growing at 8.6% quarter-on-quarter, aided by a boost in our corporate book, which we 
had indicated in our last call.  
 
Loan growth has been much higher in the rest of India at 23% vis-a-vis 5% in Jammu and 
Kashmir and Ladakh. However, there is no major change in the regional loan book composition 
with J&K at 65%, Ladakh at 2%, and the rest of India almost at 33%.  Our biggest sector, that is 
the personal finance, contributing 38% of our loan book has grown at  10% Y-o-Y, with growth 
in ROI at 16.2%, again surpassing JKL at 9.3%. Within personal finance, housing loans have 
grown at 11.5%, whereas in rest of India, they have grown at 16% with car loans also growing 
at 21.5%, thereby diversifying our retail loan book geographically. The retail corporate split also 
continues to be around 2 is to 1.  
 
The numbers for deposits are a reflection of systemic factors like intensive competition from 
small finance banks and FinTechs offering higher rates, increase in interest rate sensitivity of 
customers, and movement of funds to equity markets with Bank deposits reducing from 53% to 
42% of household wealth between 2020 and 2024. And with the prevalent high interest rates 
combined with the expectations of pruning of deposit rates by banks post RBI policy rate cuts, 
CASA ratio across almost all banks has come down in Financial Year 2025. As per RBI data, 
the share of CASA deposits in total deposits has come down to 37.9% in December 2024 from 
39.7% a year ago. Though we have also witnessed a reduction in CASA ratio, yet we remain 
amongst the best in the industry with 47.01% CASA ratio.  
 
Within deposits, term deposits have grown by 18% Y-o-Y and current deposits have grown 9.6% 
Y-o-Y, whereas saving deposits have remained almost flat. CASA deposits have seen some 
traction in Quarter 4, recording a growth of 2.9% Q-on-Q.  
 
Speaking of the income statement now, the Bank has recorded an increase of 11.3% in net 
interest income for the Financial Year 2025, with both interest earned, and interest expended 
increasing by almost 12%. Other income has witnessed a substantial jump of around 38% in 
Financial Year 2025, crossing Rs. 1,000 crore mark, mainly on the back of total TWO recovery 
of around Rs. 390 crores during the year, compared to Rs. 134 crores in Financial Year 2024. 
The TWO recoveries have been boosted by RBI's revised norms for government-guaranteed 
security receipts, allowing an upfront reversal of excess provision in cases of bad loans 
transferred to NARCL funded by issue of sovereign-backed SRs. Operating expenses have 
remained almost flat after considering the impact of one-off reversal of Rs. 243 crores in the last 
financial year. This has panned out in alignment to our guidance with the moderation of 
employee costs.  

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Withstanding the continuing pricing pressures on liability side, with the cost of deposits at 
4.75%, the Bank has been able to maintain its margins with NIM of 3.92 for the financial year, 
which is well above our guidance and perhaps the only Bank to maintain the NIMs of 2024. 
 
Similarly, on the back of another record-breaking year, Bank has been able to deliver on its 
guidance with return on assets of 1.32% and return on equity of 17.37%. Another significant 
achievement of this fiscal has been the substantial moderation of our cost-to-income ratio, 
recorded at 57.73% for the financial year. This marks a structural shift in our cost efficiency 
made possible by our continuing digital transformation over the recent years which has helped 
Bank cross the mark of over 90% digital transactions in Financial Year 2025. This continued 
trend of moderation in our CIR reflects our commitment to long-term operational leverage.  
 
We continue to remain focused on our asset quality as is evident from our numbers, which are 
in line with our guidance, in fact better than that. GNPA at 3.37%, NNPA of 0.79% and provision 
coverage ratio of above 90%. Excluding the technical write-off of around Rs. 325 crores in 
Quarter 4, GNPA would have been only 3.67%. There has been a slight slowdown in recoveries 
which can be attributed to the slowdown in the domestic economy on the back of global trade 
tensions. However, with a strong credit discipline, we have been able to keep our slippages under 
check with a gross slippage ratio under 1%. - 0.92%. This has enabled us to avoid any credit cost 
for this fiscal as well which reflects our commitment to maintaining a superior asset quality as 
we grow responsibly. 
 
The record internal accruals have boosted our capital adequacy to 16.29% with CET-1 at 
12.95%. Though at present the Bank is placed comfortably, however, the Bank may consider 
raising both debt and equity capital in this fiscal for funding its growth. Also, I am pleased to 
share that Board has approved a dividend of 215% for the Financial Year 2025, marking our 
third consecutive year of rewarding our shareholders and showing our gratitude for their 
confidence in us.  
 
The Bank continues to be fundamentally strong and evolve consistently towards enhanced 
efficiency and deeper digital integration with a sharp customer focus. The strong foundations 
that have been built are now translating into consistent performances and we are well poised to 
sustain this momentum in the days to come.  
 
Now, for March 2025-26 market guidance, we expect the credit growth to be at 12%, deposit 
growth to be at 10%. We want to improve the CASA to at least 48%. NIM, we will be satisfied 
with 3.70 to 3.80. ROA, we will try to maintain the ROA at the moment. Return on equity 
expected in between 16% to 17%, and GNPA below 3%.  
 
The business growth might appear a bit moderate, but it takes into consideration the recent 
downward division in India's economic growth forecast for '26 and is in alignment with the broad 
growth predictions for Indian banking sector in 2026. Also, given that it is my first full year in 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
charge at this Bank, we will be making certain changes and addressing any procedural gaps 
which usually follow a leadership transition to help us drive forward in the coming years.  
 
Before we start with the questions, I would like to take a moment to extend our condolences to 
all the families who have suffered loss of lives in the recent tragic terror incident at Pahalgam. 
While this is a moment of grief, we have been receiving concerns from some investors over this 
incident. So, I want to assure you all that we do not anticipate any material impact on our 
business or financial performance as our credit exposure to the tourism sector in Kashmir 
Division, is not even 1% of our overall credit portfolio.  
 
Thank you for your patient hearing and your support, which we expect to continue. We can start 
with the questions now. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Arjun Pathak, an individual investor. Please proceed.  
Arjun Pathak: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. Congratulations for a good set of numbers. I heard that you said that 
you might be planning to raise debt and equity this year. I just wanted to ask, what equity is the 
Bank looking for towards the government or like what we have been doing in the recent time, 
like QIP or something like that?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, we haven't yet finally decided on that. I said that we may be raising, it depends on the 
requirement of the credit growth that we may be expecting. At the moment, I said that we are 
comfortably placed with the CRAR. Going forward, if the credit growth demands a raise, we 
will look at all the options. 
Arjun Pathak: 
Okay, understood. And for the other income in this quarter, which was significantly higher than 
the other, I just wanted to ask what was the TWO amount from that.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
I mentioned it, Rs. 390 crores.  
Arjun Pathak: 
That's for the year. I was saying for this quarter.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
This quarter itself, I think it was Rs. 168 crores.  
Arjun Pathak: 
Okay. That’s 240, like this quarter, we have recorded around Rs. 400 crores. So, can I get an 
idea about what does it include? Because if the Rs. 160 crore is TWO, then what's the Rs. 240 
crore?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
I couldn't get you. Can you repeat your question, please?  

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Arjun Pathak: 
So, for the other income, we have recorded an income of Rs. 406 crore in this quarter. So, if you 
are saying the Rs. 160 odd is TWO, then what would the other portion be? We are significantly 
higher than the other numbers.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
I will give you. Commission exchange and brokerage constitutes Rs. 35 crores. Insurance 
commission constitutes crores 32 crores. And the rest of it is inclusive of the TWO. Rs. 370 
crores.  
Arjun Pathak: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please 
proceed.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, Namaskar, sir. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Namaskar, Kapoor sir.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Firstly, if you could give us some color on the current interest rate regime with the consecutive 
cut in the repo rate and an expected lower interest regime going ahead, how are the NIMs likely 
to be? I think so there is a regime change from higher interest rate scenario to now interest rate 
either staying lower or are going to be trending lower only for the near future? So, what steps do 
banks of our size will take to protect their NIMs? If you would give us some color on the same?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Okay, there are couple of things that I want to tell you on this. Yes, you are very right. There 
has been a rate cut. There have been two rate cuts, in fact. And going forward, you are also very 
right that it is expected that there are going to be further rate cuts. So, as a whole, the banking 
industry is going to have a pressure on the NIMs, both on the deposit side as well as on the loan 
advances side.  
 
Now, having said that, there is a distinct advantage that this Bank has, not only for its size. But 
if you see, it has one of the highest CASA ratios in the industry. So, I am not saying that we will 
be able to maintain the NIMs at 4%, around 4%, because it will be impractical to say so.  
 
But I still believe, and since we have made some strategic plans through technology to improve 
our CASA, I believe that we will be able to maintain a good NIM. At the moment, the guidance 
I have given is around 3.7 to 3.8. It may be around that, maybe better. But I feel that we still 
have sufficient opportunity in this Bank to have better NIMs than many others in the industry.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, this 3.7, 8, which you have articulated for the current financial year, what are you factoring 
in in terms of the interest rate cut going? And sir, what portion of our loan book is floating? 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Okay, got your question. See, 52% of our loan book is at a floating rate and 48% is in the other 
category. So, having said that, again, we have the advantage of 38% of personal segment loans 
that I have already mentioned where the loans are towards the government employees under 
MoU with the Jammu and Kashmir government. So, in a way, that much of interest rate is almost 
protected. And coupled with that, I said we have a fair level of CASA deposits. And also in the 
last quarter, if you have noticed, I mentioned in the opening remarks that we have improved our 
CASA during the last quarter.  
 
So, we are taking steps to maintain the NIMs. But again, I will not try to argue with anyone on 
this because there can be further rate cuts and to maintain a proper business balance, there might 
be a situation where we might have to reduce the interest rates on deposits as well as the loans 
and advances. That is why I said from 3.92, I have revised the guidance to 3.7 to 3.8. It will be 
around that this year that at least I can figure out.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, just to get some clarification, you mentioned about the government employees of the 
Kashmir will be having some advantage in the loans disbursed to them. Can you elaborate on 
the same? I missed your point on this.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, they are personal segment loans to the employees which is protected through salary. And 
you know, personal segment loans are at a relatively better, I mean, from the Bank's point of 
view, at a better rate than the other corporate loans which are slightly more competitive or maybe 
the loans in other segments or other products.  
 
Along with that, we also have a fairly good portfolio in our MSME book in this geography . So 
that also earns better rates of interest than the other loan, other products. So, overall, I guess, 
65% that I said, 65% of our loan book which is in Jammu and Kashmir, although we are 
recalibrating the interest rates to fight the competition, it will still be on an advantageous, I mean, 
we will keep the Bank on an advantageous position as far as the interest rates are concerned. 
That is what I wanted to explain.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, two, three more data points. If you could just give us what kind of growth are we accepting 
in the net interest margin and what is our guidance for the ROA and cost to income? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
I just mentioned, we are expecting credit growth of around 12%. We expect the ROA to be 
maintained at this level. The level that is 1.32%. And the cost-to-income ratio, I think we will 
be trying to get it lower than what it is now. Our target is to reach to around 50% in a couple of 
years, maybe in a year and a half. So, that is the guidance we have.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And last point is loan towards the corporate sector. We have seen in some of the business 
summit, a corporate announcing large CAPEX. So, out of the CAPEX, the total cost was 
announced by then, what portion of that has been tied up or are we in consortium to the loans 
that would be disbursed to them? And taking into account the tragic incident, how do that part 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
of the investment, what is the thought process? Whether the corporate, any update we have for 
them to go ahead on how are things going to look like? Anything that we have been in limbo 
going ahead since I think so a lot of business activities are about to commission, with the kind 
of CAPEX that are underway, I think?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
I guess you are referring to the CAPEX that could be happening in this geography, right?  
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. The entire state of Jammu and Kashmir, sir.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
So, Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh. See, there are a lot of developmental activities going on in 
this geography. And I believe the incident that happened in Pahalgam will have no impact on 
the CAPEX that is happening in this geography. In fact, I would like to believe that the 
government will be now more focused on executing all these, trying and getting all these projects 
executed. That will bring confidence back in the people and the citizens of this state.  
 
And the second thing is being a major player in Jammu and Kashmir, it is almost imperative that 
we will be participating in almost all the projects but depending on our appetite and our capacity. 
So, there is almost an unwritten understanding with the government. I have already spoken to 
them. And I had mentioned this in my last call also that as a right, I would like to participate in 
all the viable projects that happen in this state.  
 
If you are asking me about the CAPEX, I think the pipeline in the CAPEX where we are tied up, 
I guess it will be around Rs. 2,000 to Rs. 2,500 crores at the moment because many of the projects 
are yet to be commissioned. So, one of the projects, already we have given a sanction of Rs. 
1,000 crores, which is likely to be disbursed anytime now. I mean, the disbursement is likely to 
start anytime now. And there is another project which we are on the process of sanctioning which 
is close to Rs. 500 crores.  
 
So, I guess if we include these two, I think Rs. 2,500 to Rs. 3,000 crores of projects within this 
state of UT, this UT of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh, which we are already tied up. And 
there are a couple of others where we are seriously thinking of participating, but with a due 
diligence and understanding the viability of the project.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for all the elaborate answers. Just to conclude, sir, on the TWO part of the 
story, are we done with all the reversals? And going ahead, then how should this other income 
line item should look like on a quarterly basis, depending upon the granular details which you 
mentioned to the earlier participant? If you could just give some color and also on the employee 
cost, are we done with all the increase? Both ways, I think both are connected. So, give the color 
on the same.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Thank you. In fact, I guess it was a full-fledged question, not a concluding one. The first part is, 
of course, we still have almost Rs. 3,000 crores worth of TWO in our books. And we are 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
seriously working on those. And if you have an idea about our track record of the last 6-7 
quarters, I think we will be continuing our efforts and getting good recoveries in those TWO. 
Rs. 250 crores expected in this FY. So, that is going to continue.  
 
And the second is, since immediately we do not have any plans of recruitment, and there are 
some retirements lined up, and also the salary revision thing is over and out by now, so I do not 
see any increase in the employee cost going forward at least for a year or two. So, the pressure 
on the cost to income is definitely going to come down. But I want to, again, for information to 
everybody, we would be focusing more on the income part than on the cost part. At times, that 
makes more sense.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, so you mentioned that 250 worth of further reversals are expected for this financial year, 
and I got the number right or correct me.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Financial year.  
Saket Kapoor: 
For this financial year a further 250 would be the number. Out of the total 3,000 that you had, 
that you envisage.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
In fact, it can be more. It can be more. I mean, see, TWO is something which you are not sure 
even for the previous day.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And lastly, sir, on the valuation part, when we look at the equity market valuation of mid-
size Bank in concentrated geography, what steps should be aligned to create value for your 
minority shareholders in terms of the current market cap or the enterprise value we may account 
so? So, what steps are to be taken by the management to improve the, to increase the valuation 
and thereby improve the valuation for your investors who have put the trust by participating or 
investing in the equity? If you could give your remark or your understanding on the same, when 
will the market start valuing the Bank adequately?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
I believe this is something I should not be directly commenting on, but I will give some remarks 
on this. You go by the track record of this Bank for the last, say, six or seven quarters, how it 
has performed, number one.  
 
Number two, we have been strongly investing in technology with now almost 90% of our 
transactions happening through the digital mode.  
 
Number three, I can as a head of this organization can assure efficiency and good work by the 
Bank which is profitable as well as ethical. So, I guess these are the 3-4 things that I would 
suggest for any investor to consider before investing in this Bank. I am very sure, looking at the 
interest in the investors in the recent past and the past, I believe that they understand this fact.  

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir, because you were looking for fundraising exercise also in your opening remarks. So, 
firstly, there should be demand or interest, firstly, from the investing community to participate. 
Yes.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
It will happen only at an opportune moment.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. But this is the ample opportunity for investors to have that value created going ahead 
for them to participate in the QIP. That was my only call.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
True, true, true. Correct.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you, sir, for all the elaborate answers, and I will join the queue, sir.  
Moderator: 
We have the management line connected on the call. The next question is from the line of Pranay, 
an individual investor. Please proceed.  
Pranay: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Yes, good afternoon, Pranay. Please go ahead.  
Moderator: 
Hello. Yes, sir, it seems like the participant line has got disconnected.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Yes, you can connect the next one.  
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. I would like to remind the participants that you may press star and one to ask a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to remind you that you may press star and one to ask a 
question. The next question is from the line of Chinmay Nema from Prescient Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Chinmay Nema: 
Good afternoon, sir. Sir, I am, but trying to understand the Bank. Just wanted to understand, 
could you give color on the financial markets portion of the loan book? Prehistorically, in '21-
'22, the segment faced strong asset quality issues, but we seem to have stabilized in '23-'24. 
Could you give color on the operations and some details about this book.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Just the financial markets you want the numbers or what do you want to understand?  
Chinmay Nema: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand what is it that we do in this portion of our lending and what do 
you expect in terms of credit quality from this book.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
The financial markets, I think, the exposure that we have is mostly towards NBFCs which was 
Rs. 10,867 crores in 2024, and it is now Rs. 11,749 crores in 2025. So, the exposure towards 
these NBFCs is what we have categorized as the financial markets.  

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Chinmay Nema: 
But sir, what is the outlook on the asset quality of this book?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
There is no stress, in fact, in this book. The old NPAs, I mean, the old NPAs, which are, that is 
only the exposure that we had earlier in ILFS. That is around 4%. Otherwise, there is no stress 
in this book. And that ILFS exposure is also slowly getting resolved. So, I expect almost good 
recovery or maybe the full recovery in that.  
Chinmay Nema: 
Got it, sir. Would it be possible to provide breakdown of this book in terms of the credit rating, 
if you could share the percentage of the book above investment grade and so on?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
92% of the book is above AA and above.  
Chinmay Nema: 
Got it, sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay, an individual investor. Please proceed.  
Pranay: 
Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. My line got disconnected earlier. Congratulations on a very good year 
of financial performance. And thank you for the opportunity to ask a question. Sir, as the 
provision coverage ratio, excluding TWO, is about 77% now and while our slippage ratios have 
come down, do we not anticipate an increment in our credit costs for this financial year and 
going forward, given that our credit costs have been negligible or zero in the past?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
If you consider 20 to 30 bps as an increase in credit cost, I would say that there will be an 
increase. But it is not likely to be more than 20 bps or 30 bps. So, no significant increase in the 
credit cost is expected by the Bank going forward.  
Pranay: 
Okay. So, sir, just to round up our ROA expectations for the coming year, if we are guiding for 
a 1.3, 1.4% ROA in an environment where NIMs are going to be slightly under pressure, is it 
safe to assume that our primary levers for ROA to sustain would be other income recoveries 
from TWO and a gradual reduction in our operating expenses, sir?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
All put together, yes. All of them, I mean, there cannot be one single component. It has to be all 
the components put together. So, as I said earlier, we expect to continue our efforts on recovery 
in TWO. We are augmenting our operations in the Treasury by trying to book more Forex 
income. So, that will add to the income portfolio of the Bank.  
 
We are also likely to have a fairly robust credit growth, which will definitely add to the interest 
income. So, all these things are put together and, as I said, we will be very miserly on the 
expenses. So, all these things put together, I guess the ROA should be maintained, if not 
improved.  
Pranay: 
Okay. No, thank you for that, sir. And sir, just on the digital interventions that we have been 
talking about, given that we have so many households in the valley, which are our customers, so 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
far what we have seen is that our mobile application reviews have been very low. There have 
been a lot of complaints with the user interface and other bottlenecks that customers are facing. 
So, if you could talk to us a little bit about the technology front, what are the checks that we are 
taking? Are we hiring some external consultants to upgrade our digital stack? And what are the 
other underwriting processes, whether it is giving people personal loans or other systems and 
how technology, what are the improvements we are doing on the technology front?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Okay, to give you a perspective, we have been working on this for quite some time now. And I 
agree that there have been instances in the past when the availability of the mobile app was a 
problem. But two things. One, the app itself has been upgraded. I mean, it is very, very user-
friendly. I can say this because I use the app.  
 
The second part is we have been working in a very focused way to improve the availability and 
all the upgradations and installations associated with the systems related to this.  
 
So, yes, there were problems. Some of the applications had reached the end of life state and all 
those things have been taken care of now. So, going forward, I do not foresee, I do not see 
outages coming as an interest on this.  
 
The second thing, we are further investing in technology. We are, as you mentioned, we will be 
providing, as we already have one of the products which is available in the app, loan products 
which is available in the app and the loan gets disbursed in 10 seconds. So, we are now digitizing 
the loan journeys of all products, literally all products including agriculture so that there is 
minimum manual intervention, the efficiency is improved, the turnaround time is further 
improved.  
 
So, these are the processes we are likely to complete within this quarter. So, I see that technology 
is really going to play a very important role in all aspects of improving efficiency, cost efficiency, 
and services of this Bank.  
Pranay: 
Thank you for that, sir. So just the last thing, as you mentioned, a large part of our book are these 
personal loans that we give to government employees in the state. If you could just explain a 
little bit more on the MSME book that the Bank has, which also is substantial, which are 
exposures in whether it's manufacturing, retail, services, and so on. Could you just show, give 
us a better picture on what are these borrowers, what kind of work are they doing? Is most of 
our MSME book, I am assuming, in this state and not outside of J&K and Ladakh? If you could 
just talk to us a little bit more about that book, sir.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Yes, credit to micro enterprises is around 16,000 crores, which is 15% of loan book of which 
manufacturing is 2% and service is 13%. Then, credit to small enterprises is around Rs. 3,200 
crores, which is 3% of the loan book. Again, manufacturing is 1% and service is 2%. Total credit 
to micro and small enterprises, including these two segments, is 18%, which is Rs. 19,262 crores. 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
And then credit to medium enterprises is around Rs. 1,200 crores, which is again 1.1% of the 
loan book where manufacturing and services are also 0.5% and 0.6%.  
Pranay: 
All right. Thank you, sir. Sir, just last thing, sir. When we are guiding for about 12% credit 
growth for this financial year, I am assuming we are anticipating a higher growth for the rest of 
India book. And if the rest of India book is primarily going to be large corporates, is that right, 
sir? Is that fair understanding?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, I wouldn't exactly say this. It will come from some large corporate accounts also, but that 
is not what we are aiming. We are now aiming at improving the retail loan book of rest of India. 
That is something which we are really looking at.  
 
The corporate loan book growth will remain as a second line of defense for us. I know that there 
is sufficient appetite in the market. But we will always be very careful in assessing and taking 
exposures and we will try to avoid the high-risky ones. Yes, the contribution from… 
Pranay: 
Sorry, sir, I wasn't able to hear you.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Which portion could you not hear?  
Pranay: 
No, sir, I heard the last question that there is a desire to have more retail exposure outside of the 
state. And then you are saying the contribution… 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, we do have an aim to reduce the concentration risk and try and have a balanced growth 
from both the geographies, whether it is the rest of India or Jammu and Kashmir. While Jammu 
and Kashmir will continue to receive our attention as it has been through the decades, we will 
try to balance it out with a better growth from the rest of India and that too not essentially from 
the corporate loan book. Corporate loan book will be one of the components, but we are trying 
to improve our retail loan book in the rest of India more. Like housing loans and car loans, these 
are the two products I would like to improve and even last quarter we had had a fairly good 
growth in the rest of India in both these products. 
Pranay: 
Okay. No, thank you for that, sir. And, sir, just last question. Just to clarify once again, we have 
no exposure to credit cards, microfinance, or personal loans outside of what we give to our 
government employees. Is that right, sir?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
No, credit card, there is no embargo.  
Pranay: 
Sorry, sir, I am talking about exposure. Do we have any large credit cards book?  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
No, we don't. We don't have. We don't have.  

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Pranay: 
And no microfinance book and no personal loan book outside of what we give to our government 
employees.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
No. Personal loan book, we do not have anything outside the government employees, and 
microfinance also. And there is hardly any microfinance institution in this state.  
Pranay: 
Right, right. No, thank you so much, sir. Best of luck for the coming year. And I hope we all 
reach a stage of stabilization in the valley very soon. Thank you.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Thank you. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonal Minhas from Prescient Capital 
Investment Advisors. Please proceed. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Sonal Minhas. Thanks for giving me time to ask my question. The first question is, with regard 
to, sir, SMA-1, I see a Y-o-Y growth in SMA-1 while the SMA-2 has gone down. If you could 
just throw some subjective feedback on it, that would be good to know.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, I would like to give you a broader perspective on the SMAs, You are right. SMA-2 has 
substantially gone down while SMA-1 has increased, but ultimately the correcting effort, the 
way we could have corrected this, see, most of it, more than 70% of it was technical in nature, 
the entire SMA book 0 and 1. You have rightly pointed out about SMA-2 going down and SMA-
1 going up. So, largely the SMA portfolio of this Bank is technical in nature, and we have taken 
corrective steps in the first week of May. So, I would like you to stay till 30th of May to really 
understand what has happened.  
 
Essentially, what was happening in this Bank was the loan installments were not aligned with 
the dates of salary payments of the employees. So, we have now aligned the installment date 
with the salary date. So going forward, you may see a substantial drop in the SMAs in the loan 
book of J&K Bank.  
 
It was technical in nature. We had identified it, and we have made the corrections. The correction 
was made on the 3rd of May. So, 30th of May actually will be a date when you can actually 
notice what has happened, what correction has been done.  
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it, sir. So, we should look at it maybe next quarter and then see again.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Next quarter definitely. Even on 30th of May you will be able to see, in case if you are able to 
see the numbers.  
Sonal Minhas: 
Sir, my second question is, with regard to the bifurcation of your advances into personal finance, 
infrastructure and the other heads, I wanted to understand, sir, which part of, so the first question 
is, is the personal finance book a mature book? Because the GNPA here is 0.81. So, wanted to 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
understand, is it a mature work? Or do we see this maturing over the next two, three years and 
hence the GNPA going up or the provisioning going up in a commensurate manner and similar 
color for other segments which are significant as well? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Personal finance, as I said, mostly relates to the loans given to the employees of the government, 
the UT government. So, the question that whether it is maturing is not exactly what I would term 
it as. Because they keep on taking loans, right? Once they repay one loan, they take another loan. 
Okay. So, it is a combination of loans which are getting matured on a regular basis and again 
getting disbursed.  
 
So, if you would have noticed the GNPA in this segment, you would have noticed in the last few 
years there has not been any increase. It has remained same, and these are also the whatever 
NPA you see in this book is also related to people who have either lost their jobs or have lost 
their lives where it is going to take some time for the recovery to come. There is actually no 
NPA in this segment. Right? It is mostly based on an MoU that the Bank has with the government 
of UT. So, there is actually no risk in this segment at all.  
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay. So, if you could just shed some color on, I am on your Slide number 23. There are these 
segments. Like, if you could just give some color on the top 4-5 segments here, infrastructure, 
trade, agri, manufacturing, and personal finance, like, which of these do you see growing 
significantly from there on? If you could just explain that a little bit more.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, I would like to give you a very good understanding about the last column which might be 
actually intriguing you. The GNPA that is mentioned against these segments, sectors, they are 
old NPAs. There is hardly any stress in the new loan accounts. There is absolutely hardly any 
stress. Okay.  
 
So, these are NPAs where we have purposely not written them off, waiting for the recoveries. 
And in due course, maybe there will be a time when either we will recover them or we will have 
to write them off our balance sheet.  
 
But going forward, I do not see, like, for example, if you look at real estate, it has a 14.33% 
NPA. This NPA relates to 2017-18. Okay. There is absolutely zero NPA in the real estate sector 
in our Bank at the moment. I mean, the loans which were given after that.  
 
So, if you are asking me whether there is going to be increased stress, that can be answered from 
the very fact that the slippage ratio of the Bank is below 1%. It's only 92 bps. So, the loans that 
have been given post 2017-18 and the loans which are standing in our books now, the earning 
loans, the performing assets, they are not in any kind of stress.  

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Some accounts here and there will always be under problem. That is true for the entire banking 
sector. That is not specific to any Bank. So that, if we consider that, I must say that I do not 
foresee the NPAs going up in any of these segments.  
Moderator: 
Okay. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please proceed.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. Firstly sir, thank you for elaborating on all the questions from the participants and 
answering them and definitely giving us more clarity on how to look at the numbers also 
especially for the GNPA part just to the earlier participant. Sir, the Bank must be having a vision 
say five years down from here, what should be the loan book size, the business opportunity that 
they want to garner, how to grow the Bank. So, if you could just give us some more color on 
that same, on the long-term growth trajectory for the Bank, sir? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
I am really surprised and very, very happy, Saket, we recently had a strategy meet in our Bank 
where we actually deliberated upon what we want to do 5 years ahead. So, we actually see the 
Bank at a very, very strong position 5 years from now. I don't think that this should be taken as 
guidance or anything. But we are looking at a profit level of Rs. 5,000 crores, maybe a business 
level of more than Rs. 5 lakh crores in 5 years’ time.  
 
So, if you are asking for a vision, that will be the vision because of the potential that the Bank 
has. The Bank has been doing exceedingly well in the last five, six quarters. It is geared up and 
the potential, as I said, because of its positioning and its location-wise advantage of being there 
in 20 states other than Jammu and Kashmir. So, potentially the Bank has tremendous prospect 
of growing across the country. So, from the business aspect, that is one.  
 
However, we will be cautious not to take extra risks because we do not want to spoil the good 
work that has been done. And some process corrections will take place in the course of doing 
business so that we will make the Bank stronger at the foundation level as well as it will also 
give the opportunity to grow faster, stronger and better.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, when you are eyeing a business or growth advantage to the tune of Rs. 5 lakh crore, you 
must be having also the segments where you will be focusing and how will you reach that mark, 
say from one to two, two to three, and then going on. So, if some more color would have been 
given to us, we would have understood where are the geographies, where are the sectors or the 
regions where you are seeing that amount of growth to go 5x from here, that would be a very 
high compounding rate.  
 
And sir, for the TWO part of the story, this is only pertaining to our Bank. So, if a slide or 
understanding could be given for investors’ benefit in terms of how this has originated and how 
are we going to add back or write back the same going ahead, that would give more clarity to 
the investor, just explaining the slide on how TWO originated and what exactly are we doing in 
terms of this reversal, that would suffice a lot of questions and would give more clarity to us.  

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Okay. The first part of your question, which direction a Bank will go? I mean, leave aside J&K 
Bank, any Bank will go, it largely depends on which direction the economy is going. If you look 
at the last few years, there has been serious investment on infrastructure by the government. So, 
all the sectors related to infrastructure have been doing well. So, most of the banks would have 
strengthened their position and the capabilities to participate in those projects and activities.  
 
But if you ask me seriously, I would like to have an all-round growth for this Bank. It will remain 
retail focused because for obvious reasons, a Bank, I believe, is not meant to lend for long 
periods. The tenure of loans should not be very long because of the maturity periods of the 
deposits. So, the ALM mismatch is always there if a Bank lends too much on the long-term loan 
side.  
 
So, obviously, it will continue to remain a retail focused Bank. But again, as I said, we will 
definitely develop our capabilities in all these sectors. And as and when the opportunity comes, 
depending on which direction the economy is progressing, we will be in a position to participate 
in those growth stories. So, it will essentially be an all-round effort on all the sectors. No specific 
sector I can mention, apart from the fact that it will still remain a retail-focused Bank.  
 
The second part of the question, if you want a detailed analysis on the TWO book that the Bank 
has, we can provide that. But if you want me to answer that, then I would say that the composition 
of the TWO book was some time back large ticket size loans and small ticket size loans 
combined together almost of equal share.  
 
Now we have been very focused in the recoveries and the large ticket size loans, the recovery 
has been pretty good. Now what we are left with mostly will be the small ticket size TWO loans. 
So, we will continue our efforts on those. If you would remember that we had a SOTS scheme 
that we introduced to the Bank in the last quarter, that has got a mixed response. We are 
expecting a fair bit of recovery through the OTS also. If need be, on the TWO front, we can also 
have, I am not ruling out another OTS coming sometime, whether this year or next year, I can't 
say. But the efforts on recovery on the TWO will continue. If you want a very detailed analysis 
on the TWO book, then I would request my GM, IAPM to provide it to you. I mean, you can 
send your mail. It will be mailed to you.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. I will get back to the team on the same. And we hope that we get further understanding 
on how the process is likely to be in terms of the reversal which you have just spoken. But one 
small suggestion, if you could also hire an Investor Relation agency wherein the participation 
would also increase and there would be further understanding or decimation of information to 
the investor base creating, investor awareness for what the good work the Bank is doing and 
going ahead, what the plans are, that would be good if that can be taken on board and deliberated 
on, sir.  

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Saket. We will definitely take your suggestion, and we will consider 
that.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you, sir, and all the best to the team.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Amitava Chatterjee for the closing remarks.  
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Thank you, Anushka, for conducting this so nicely. And thank you all the participants for joining 
in today. For any further questions or queries, you can contact our Investor Relations desk. 
Thank you, and I wish all the very best to all of you. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of the Jammu and Kashmir Bank, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
