 
 
Hikal Ltd. 
 
Admin. Office: Great Eastern Chambers, 6th Floor, Sector 11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614, India. Tel. + 91–22–6277 0299, + 91–22–6866 0300 
 
Regd. Office: 717, Maker Chambers - 5, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400 021, India. Tel. +91-22 6277 0477. Fax: + 91-22 6277 0500 
 
www.hikal.com        info@hikal.com        CIN: L24200MH1988PTC048028 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
BSE Ltd., 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Scrip Code: 524735 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: HIKAL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings call for quarter and the financial year ended March 31, 
2025. 
 
In continuation to our letters dated May 06, 2025 and May 14, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call to discuss the financial 
and operational performance for the quarter and the financial year ended March 31, 2025, held 
on Wednesday, May 14, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
for HIKAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Rajasekhar Reddy 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
RAJASEKHAR 
REDDY 
CHINTAKINDI
Digitally signed by 
RAJASEKHAR REDDY 
CHINTAKINDI 
Date: 2025.05.19 
18:05:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
Hikal Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 14, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 14th May 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMEER HIREMATH – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. ANISH SWADI – SENIOR PRESIDENT, BUSINESS 
TRANSFORMATION AND ANIMAL HEALTH 
 
MR. VIMAL KULSHRESTHA – PRESIDENT, CROP 
PROTECTION DIVISION 
 
MR. KULDEEP JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. MANOJ MEHROTRA -- PRESIDENT, PHARMA 
BUSINESS 
 
 
 
. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
of Hikal Limited. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer Hiremath, Managing Director of Hikal Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to all 
of you. We extend our gratitude to all of you for participating in our Q4 and FY 2025 results 
conference call. We are pleased to provide you with an update on the progress made by our 
company. We trust that you have had the opportunity to review our earnings release, investor 
presentation and the financial statements for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March 
2025. These documents can be accessed on both Hikal's website and the stock exchanges 
website. 
 
I am Sameer Hiremath, Managing Director of Hikal Limited, and I'll be leading the discussion 
and presenting the financial results and the outcome on the business. Joining me on this call, I 
have Anish Swadi, Senior President, Business Transformation and Animal Health; Kuldeep Jain, 
Chief Financial Officer; Manoj Mehrotra, President, Pharma Business; Vimal Kulshrestha, 
President of our Crop Protection business; and Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor 
Relations Advisors. 
 
Talking about our Q4 and FY '25 performance, the year has been a year of strategic recalibration 
and focused execution for our company. Amidst the global headwinds and uncertainties, we took 
decisive steps to strengthen our core businesses, optimize and streamline our operations and 
prepare your company for long-term accelerated sustainable growth. 
The backdrop remains complex, marked by geopolitical uncertainty, supply chain recalibration 
and persistent cost pressures. The global pharmaceutical industry is positioned for renewed 
momentum and growth, building on the steady recovery seen throughout FY25. 
 
In the Crop Protection sector, while competitive pricing, especially from China remains a 
significant headwind, this sector is undergoing a major strategic shift led by the innovator 
customer companies, which are expected to stabilize by next financial year, that is in FY '26-27. 
In Q4 FY '25, our revenue amounted to INR552 crores with an EBITDA of INR123 crores, 
reflecting an EBITDA growth of 71% on a sequential basis. On a Y-o-Y basis, EBITDA 
increased by 31% and EBITDA margins improved by 410 basis points to 22.4%.For the full year 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
FY '25, revenue stood at INR1,860 crores. EBITDA stood at INR328 crores, which is a margin 
of 17.7%, an increase of 270 basis points compared to the previous year. 
 
In the Board meeting concluded this morning, the Board of Directors has recommended a final 
dividend of INR0.80 per share, that is 40%, along with an interim dividend of 30% declared in 
February 2024. The total dividend for FY '25 stands at INR1.40 per share, which is 70% of face 
value. In Q4 FY '25, we have successfully improved our margin profile due to operating leverage 
and focused cost improvement initiatives. 
Our API business growth is driven by an uptick in volume, as well as increased offtake of new 
molecules. We are actively strengthening our product portfolios as we see a positive trend in 
new registration coming through in various geographies and different customer rebates. In the 
CDMO business, we have several projects progressing towards development and validation 
stages while maintaining an increased RFP inflow. 
 
Moreover, in the Animal Health Division, our project under the long-term agreement with the 
innovator is advancing as per plan with a validation of eight products completed successfully. 
Additionally, we are engaging with multiple innovator customers and are observing a significant 
positive momentum, which contributes to a very healthy pipeline going forward.  
The Pharma business is showing growth momentum and our expectation for FY '26 is a revenue 
growth of about 15% and a corresponding increase in EBIT margins. The Crop Protection sector 
consumption has started to exhibit signs of stabilization. Strategic transitions across innovator 
companies and our customers are driving the industry transition by focusing on the rebalancing 
of portfolios, product innovation and deepening relationship with key stakeholders. 
 
We are seeing traction on new chemical entities and new inquiries from our existing and new 
CDMO customers. As most of you are aware, the Crop Protection business globally has faced 
multiple headwinds over the last 12 to 18 months. As we have anticipated these challenges, as I 
mentioned in the earlier calls, we have taken several steps to mitigate the risk and drive future 
growth in our Crop Protection business. 
 
Number one, we have established a Specialty Chemicals portfolio in which we have developed 
several products, which we will begin launching by the second half of this financial year. The 
benefit of this is that we will use the existing Crop Protection assets to improve the capacity 
utilization and building operational leverage. 
Number two, we are actively engaged with several of our innovator CDMO customers in several 
projects that are in advanced stages of process development, scale up and commercialization. 
These are expected to get launched from the next financial year, that is FY '27 onwards. Based 
on the above strategic initiatives, although we expect muted growth in FY 2026, we expect 
growth to resume in FY 2027. 
 
As we look ahead, I am confident in the resilience of both our businesses added on to our Animal 
Health business and our Specialty Chemicals portfolio that we have, this will drive long-term 
sustainable growth for your company. We are very well positioned to capture the global 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
opportunities across various markets and deliver long-term sustainable value to all our 
stakeholders. 
 
With that, I would like to hand over to Manoj, who will provide an overview of the 
Pharmaceutical Division's performance. Over to you, Manoj. 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
Thank you, Sameer, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'll start with the financials of 
the Pharma business. For quarter 4 FY '25, our Pharmaceutical business reported revenue of 
INR351 crores and EBIT of INR55 crores. For the full year FY '25, revenue stood at INR1,168 
crores and EBIT of INR137 crores. EBIT grew of 47% on Y-o-Y basis. This is a significant 
increase of 327 basis points on Y-o-Y basis on the back of operating leverage. 
This momentum reflects our continued efforts in operational excellence, expanded customer 
base and improved capacity utilization. The CDMO segment continues to be a key strategic 
driver for us. We have a healthy pipeline of development programs from global pharma 
innovators and specialty chemical companies. 
 
On the API side, our API business continues to demonstrate quarter-on-quarter over growth, 
reflecting both market demand and the effectiveness of our commercial strategies. In parallel, 
we are enhancing our value proposition through an active product development agenda. Our 
current pipeline comprises 8 to 9 differentiated products with plans to commercialize 2 to 3 
launches each year. 
This steady cadence ensures we remain competitive in a fast-evolving pharmaceutical landscape 
where innovation, speed to market and regulatory alignment are critical. We are focused on 
strengthening our position in high-growth therapeutic areas and niche complex API segments to 
create differentiation and long-term customer relationships in global markets. Our marketing 
footprint is expanding in markets like Japan, Latin America, Korea, Middle East and Southeast 
Asia. 
 
In the CDMO vertical, in quarter 4 FY '25, we witnessed improved offtake from key innovator 
clients and momentum building in our CDMO business. Inquiries are rising, particularly for 
early-stage molecules as innovators increasingly seek reliable, high-quality development 
partners with backward integrated supply chains. Several promising discussions are advancing 
towards development and validation. 
Our key starting material projects for two new chemical entities are progressing well in Phase 
III trials with their respective partners. These programs are expected to transition to commercial 
scale in 2026-27, supporting long-term growth. We are working on 12 to 15 additional new 
opportunities. Meanwhile, our food ingredient project remains on track and is expected to reach 
peak revenue within the next 2 to 3 years. 
 
Overall, the Pharma business is on a growth trajectory as it adapts to changing market dynamics, 
regulatory environment and consumer demands. We are prioritizing technical innovation, cost 
efficiency, operational excellence, sustainability and to enhance profitability and revenue, 
setting the stage for a prosperous 2026 and beyond. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Now I would hand over to Vimal, who will provide an overview of the Crop Protection 
Division's performance. 
Vimal Kulshrestha: 
Thank you, Manoj. Good afternoon all the participants of this earnings call. In Q4 FY '25, the 
revenue for our Crop Protection business stood at INR201 crores with an EBIT of INR36 crores 
and EBIT margin of 18%. 
For the full year, revenue of Crop Protection business stood at INR692 crores with EBIT of 
INR79 crores and EBIT margin of 11.4%. We are actively engaging on CDMO opportunities 
with existing innovator companies as well as new customers and advancing promising 
discussions on new prospects. 
Momentum continues to build across our CDMO portfolio, spanning both development and 
contract manufacturing. We continue to work on manufacturing excellence initiative to improve 
our margins in current competitive environment and, of course, Chinese competition. 
 
Regarding our business vertical, own product vertical, we are actively expanding our product 
pipeline to drive growth. This includes targeting high potential opportunities that strengthen our 
portfolio and align evolving market needs. Our specialty products are gaining traction driven by 
customer demand for innovation, high performance and sustainable solutions. Regarding 
CDMO business vertical, our CDMO division is currently managing a robust pipeline of 8 active 
projects with both existing customers as well as new strategic customers.  
These projects reflect increasing trust in our development and manufacturing capabilities, 
particularly for complex and on-patent molecules. By successful advancing these opportunities, 
we aim to reinforce our positioning as a preferred partner for global innovators and drive 
sustainable growth for our CDMO business over the medium to long term. 
 
Additionally, we continue to invest in capacity, talent and technology to support scale of 
readiness and enhance our competitive edge in rapidly evolving outsourcing landscape. So for 
overall Crop Protection Division, we continue to see growing interest from our innovator 
companies seeking reliable partners with expertise in complex chemistry, regulatory compliance 
and scalable manufacturing. 
This is particularly evident in Crop Protection space where agrochemical players are under 
increasing pressure to accelerate innovation, reduce environmental impact and navigate 
tightening regulatory framework. 
Our strength in process optimization, backward integration, life cycle management and custom 
synthesis make us a preferred partner for companies looking to outsource high-value 
intermediates and actives. Through continued investment in R&D, adoption of precision and 
firm commitment to sustainability, we are well positioned to capture value in this evolving 
landscape. 
 
Now I would like to hand over to Anish, who will provide an overview of our Animal Health 
business and business strategy. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Anish Swadi: 
Thanks, Vimal. First, I'd like to take you through the Animal Health business. We are making 
steady progress on the development of multiple APIs for our leading customer who is an Animal 
Health innovator under our long-term partnership. 
The validation for several of the products are on track and are scheduled to be completed in the 
upcoming quarter, which we will support product registration efforts and pave the way for 
commercial launches in the next several quarters across key global markets. In parallel, we are 
actively expanding our footprint in the Animal Health segment by engaging with new clients on 
process development and synthesis of complex molecules for NCEs or new chemical entities. 
 
Early-stage outcomes have been encouraging, reinforcing our position as a reliable partner for 
high-value differentiated chemistries. This segment continues to offer growth potential driven 
by rising global demand for veterinary therapeutics, increasing regulatory oversight and the shift 
toward innovation-led outsourcing in the Animal Health segment. 
 
Moving on to our strategy. Our transformation initiative, Project Pinnacle is delivering tangible 
results, driving sustained growth across our diversified operations. We've made meaningful 
strides in expanding our geographic footprint, including our BD teams across the world, which 
will drive our front-end initiatives. 
We have also deepened our commitment to ESG, embedding sustainability into all our core 
operations. We consistently are allocating 4% to 5% of our revenue towards R&D as we continue 
to develop innovative products and services that address the evolving needs of our clients and 
end markets. 
 
These efforts, combined with the culture of continuous improvement, position us to stay ahead 
of the market shifts, strengthen our competitive advantage and reinforce our leadership in the 
industry. 
As we enter our next phase of our strategic journey, we are sharpening our focus on the front-
end capabilities to capture several high-value opportunities and further strengthen our business 
pipeline. This evolution places strong emphasis on talent development, cross-functional 
collaboration and fostering a culture of innovation. 
 
Innovation remains to be a central driver as we accelerate our efforts in sustainability, 
digitalization through AI and product differentiation. We continue to focus on key priorities, 
including demand recovery, sustainable practices, technological breakthroughs and operational 
efficiency. Looking ahead, as a company, we remain confident in our ability to navigate the 
certain market complexities driven by disciplined execution, a strong innovation engine and a 
commitment to continuous improvement. Now I would like to open the floor to Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Great set of results. So one question from my side. In your opening comments, you mentioned 
about overall growth outlook being very strong for '27, but you mentioned a muted '26. So can 
you elaborate what do you mean by that? Because in the previous calls, the growth was looking 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
good for '26 as well. So has there been change in the customer contract or something? Can you 
help us understand? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes, I think there's no change. We spoke about 2 different segments. We expect healthy growth 
in the Pharma business, which is on track. In fact, it may even be more accelerated than what we 
spoke earlier. The Crop business is where we expect flattish numbers for next year and it to 
resume in FY '27.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. Okay. So yes, crop anyways, your guidance was that H2 of '26 is where you are expecting 
some sort of improvement? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
That's right. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. Pharma, you are expecting what sort of growth in '26? We did INR1,170 crores this year. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
I mentioned around approximately 12% to 15% growth for the year revenue in Pharma. 
Dhaval Shah: 
In the Pharma . Got it. Got it. And in our P&L, the other expenses is INR133 crores. So any 
particular reason for such a large increase compared to the previous quarter like sequentially and 
year-over-year both? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Other expenses, INR133 crores? what are you looking at? Which number are you looking at? 
Dhaval Shah: 
One minute. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
So largely, our total other expenditures remain as it is as compared to last year. But for the 
quarter, it was increased a bit because we have taken certain additional repair maintenance due 
to some various customer audits. There was a sales increase. We have done certain shipment by 
year. So therefore, this would be up by INR10 crores, INR12 crores, yes. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes, yes, exactly. That was a difference looking on a sequential basis, yes, the INR100 crores... 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. We have also made a provision for some doubtful debt, which is required as per the 
accounting standards. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. Understood. And over the next couple of years, how do you plan to reduce the dependency 
on fourth quarter, like fourth quarter is very heavy for us. How do you plan to normalize this 
seasonality? Is there any plans on that? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
No, no, definitely, we are moving towards that. But once the product all get launched and 
validated, then there'll be more streamlining. A lot of the customers in the Q3 don't want to take 
inventory. So they push Q3 into Q4. So that's why there's a big push in Q4. there's a big focus 
on all organizations to reduce inventory in end of their financial year, which is December '25. 
So then they say, please ship it in January to us. So... 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And the last thing, how is the U.S. customer planning his business with regards to the 
tariffs? And what sort of conversations are going on? Like before this tariff, we had a big China 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Plus One and now this tariff thing is there, which could be happening on Indian companies as 
well. So it's very complicated. So how is your negotiations and conversations going on? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
So I'll ask Anish Swadi to take this here. 
Anish Swadi: 
Yes. I think you said it right, Dhaval. It's very complicated right now. I don't think anyone really 
knows what the ultimate tariffs are going to be eventually because the government or the U.S. 
government has come up and said that there will be some tariffs. I mean they've specified on 
China, but it's all related to specific HSN codes. 
So we're continuously monitoring the situation to see which products are subject to tariff, which 
products are not subject. We've done a total portfolio evaluation to see where we have a 
competitive advantage versus where we have a potential disadvantage. So we are ongoing 
monitoring the situation as we see it. But right now, it's -- we're not receiving any indications 
from customers that tariffs or prices are going to come down or further go up, vice versa. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So the momentum in terms of RFQs, which were there up till before this entire tariff talks, 
the RFQs, the intensity and you were seeing a lot of inquiries, RFQs from the customer, that 
continues, right? 
Anish Swadi: 
Yes, that continues because right now, that's not really subject to tariff, the volume, the values 
are not as high as when you talk about multi-scale or multiproduct commercial scale products. 
So those continue to happen because the fact is that everybody is looking at outsourcing and 
everybody is looking at -- I think the world is moving more towards protecting their own 
countries or their own areas. 
So you'll see -- we've always talked about China Plus One, there's Europe Plus One, there's U.S. 
Plus One, right? And that's what it's shaping out to be. But again, there's a lot of uncertainty as 
we see it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Yes. So just want to clarify that as you have mentioned for a muted growth for '26, I think here 
also a lot of our contracts are going to commission on FY '26. So we are anticipating a better 
growth in '26 in our numbers. So is that for the Crop Protection business? Or overall, we will be 
having a muted number and most of the numbers would be coming in FY '27? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
No, I think the muted numbers were for Crop Protection. Pharma will grow, as I mentioned. I 
think the previous speaker also asked the same question. And I mentioned that we will show 
growth in the Pharma business, while Crop will be flattish compared to last year. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. Okay. And in the PL side, employee salary is slightly lower in this quarter. So is it because 
of some head change or just because of the AI implementation? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
No, we've been able to optimize our personnel costs. Obviously, we've done a very detailed 
exercise over the last year to see which plants we can utilize and repurpose our people and put 
them into which assets and which sites. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
So we've been able to -- yes, we've been able to do that, and we've looked at all our people. And 
we've done a lot of digitalization initiatives also. You rightly mentioned that. We have done 
some work on that, which is helping us improve our efficiencies and our productivity in our 
plants. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. Okay. So that means, I mean, some kind of cost optimization would be continued there. 
And secondly, as you have highlighted for that other expenses increased because of some audit 
charges related to the customers' approval or contract. So since going forward also, there are a 
lot of, I mean, contracts or approvals are pending. So then can we expect similar kind of other 
expenses to incur or it will get normalized? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes. Actually, what I mentioned, there was certain part which was required for the audit 
purposes, which will be one-off. As far as this provision for doubtful debts are concerned, this 
is also one-off, because as per the accounting standard, we have to keep changing the provision 
based on the timing of the delay in receivables. So these are not really some kind of a permanent 
kind of an expenditure. This will keep changing. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. One last question, sir, just on the capex side for FY '26 and '27, if you can highlight? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Pardon? 
Rohit Sinha: 
Sir, capex for FY '26 and '27? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. Like we have mentioned earlier also, we have a plan for almost INR200 crores kind of 
capex each year. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Ajana Shah from Shah Investment. 
Ajana Shah: 
A couple of questions from my end. To begin with, sir, if you could share your thoughts 
regarding our Pharma business? How do you envisage your FY '26 performance? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes, I think everybody seems to be asking the same question. I've already given a guidance of 
growth of 12% to 15% revenue growth, which we expect in FY '26. And that is going to be with 
more CDMO business and inquiries coming in. Yes. 
Ajana Shah: 
Sure. And sir, since we've already mentioned the revenue guidance, any -- can you throw some 
light on the margin guidance as well? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Well, margin guidance will proportionately increase. If you look at the historical EBIT margin 
for last year, it will proportionately grow along with the growth in revenue because we also get 
some operational leverage benefits in the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes. Sir, first question is on the Animal Health business. So we've said that we have received 
validation for 8 products, if I'm not wrong. And we've also said that we are working with 
innovator and we are simultaneously working with other innovators as well. So is it that these 8 
products also can be supplied to other innovators? 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Or is it that for the other innovators, we have to develop new set of products and it will again 
have its own set of time lines in terms of validation batches as well as the commercial validation 
batches, et cetera. So if you can just throw some light on this. 
Anish Swadi: 
Yes. So the 8 products that we've developed are for global supply. we are free to sell those 
products across the world to any customer that requires them. Towith regards to your question, 
whether they require validation, every customer needs to validate the product in their own 
formulation. So yes, they will require validation in their own formulation. So the stipulated time 
lines that we'll follow with our primary customer will apply to all secondary customers. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Fair enough. The second question in terms of the Crop Protection segment, this quarter, we've 
had a very strong set of margins. You've also alluded that next year, probably the business will 
be remaining flattish. But can we expect the margin improvement on a year-on-year basis for 
FY '26 for the Crop Protection business, given that I think from the raw material side, also, there 
could be some advantages which probably will reap during the course of FY '26? So just your 
views on this. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
No, I don't think -- I think I've already mentioned this in my opening speech. We'll be flattish in 
terms of revenue and margins for the Crop Protection business. From FY '27 onwards, the 
margins will start coming back to historical crop margins in '22 and '23. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranay Dhelia from Panchatantra Advisors LLP. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
Thank you for a good set of numbers as shareholders. Two questions. One is on the ROE front 
and the ROCE front. We are at 7.3% ROE for this financial year and even the ROCE is at 9.9%. 
Do you see any improvement in FY '26? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Well, at the Pharma Division, definitely, there will be improvement. But the Crop Division, there 
will be a kind of a drag on that because depreciation charge will come in significantly. 
Vimal Kulshrestha: 
We recently capitalized... 
Sameer Hiremath: 
We recently capitalized a large asset in quarter 3. You must have seen the CWIP impact. So 
there will be a drag for next year because the Crop business, but it will get depressed next year 
actually. There will be a reduction next year. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
So next year, you expect the ROE to go down further? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Slightly, yes. Slightly or same. Yes. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
So that's, I mean, as low as probably the FD rate the government has to offer. And secondly, 
we've done INR91 crores in PAT this financial year. Our peak was about INR160 crores in PAT 
in 2022. And our revenue is about not more than 3%, 4% of 2022 peak revenue. Do we see us 
getting to those numbers by next year or year after? Because as you said, Pharma sees probably 
15% -- 12% to 15% upside, Crop stays flat. So do we look to beat that? Do we -- are we doing 
better margin business now or it's still the same? 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Sameer Hiremath: 
The Pharma business will grow quite a bit next year and second year. Crop will still take 1 more 
year for growth to start coming back from FY '27. So it will take some time to get back to... 
Pranay Dhelia: 
So we are not looking to beat the peak profit anytime soon. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
No, in the next 2 years, for sure, 2 to 3 years, we'll get there, but it will take at least 2 years. Yes. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
Okay, fine. I'll fall back in the queue. If I can just squeeze one more question, if you permit. Our 
interest cost has gone up a little bit, but our debt has remained flat. So any reason for that? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes. Basically, we have the higher utilization of working capital in the middle period. Therefore, the 
interest cost in terms of absolute value, it's gone up, although we have the reduction in interest cost to the extent of 20 to 25 
basis points. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Now compared to FY '24, any new capabilities we have added as a company in our 
agrochemical, Pharma in terms of chemistry skills, looking at the various opportunities which 
are coming up? And anything -- if you would like to highlight on anything? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
So we put high potency chemistry is what we are launching this year. High potency. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So this -- so in terms of -- so once you've launched it, then you -- how long does it take 
for you to take it to the customer and start from like the launching stage till the revenue stage, 
generally, how it's been in the past? And what sort of revenue... 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Sorry, yes. 
Dhaval Shah: 
And what sort of revenue generally you get and what you look at for a new chemistry launch? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Well, I mean, if you look at the new NCEs that are coming out, more than 50% of the new NCEs 
are now high potent chemistry. So that is what we'll be attracting now to start the development 
work in our laboratories where we can do clinical stage materials. So that could start quite -- 
could start quite quickly. We will be commissioning that lab by the second half of this year and 
the work can be started by end of this financial year in the laboratories. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. Okay. So this will support the pipeline of NCE molecules which you have in your CDMO 
to continue. This will support your growth? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
No. In fact, Dhaval, it will add on to the number of RFPs because today, we are not catering to 
the high-potency RFPs. Once we get these capabilities, even those RFPs, we could start to 
participate in and hopefully acquire those businesses as well. Yes. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Public 
Alternatives. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Sameer, a couple of questions from my end. You -- in one of the past calls, you had mentioned 
that you -- in terms of pipeline when it comes to Phase III molecules, 2 of them are very 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
promising, right? And they will probably materialize sometime in '26 or '27. Do you have any 
update to share on those molecules? How is the innovator, what is the sense that we are getting 
on innovator? Are they on track to be the blockbusters that we expect them to be? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Sure, Manoj, why don't you take that? 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
Yes. So we have 2 molecules in Phase III. So one of them is definitely moving faster, and we 
may get some revenues in FY '26 in the coming year. But by and large, it will be launched in 
2027. So you will see a good launch ramp-up in '27. The second one is still not crossed the 
clinical hurdle. It's still in Phase III, and we have to really wait and watch. But overall, if you 
see, there are a number of other programs also which are in Phase I, Phase II. So overall, we 
have a healthy pipeline of the CDMO kind of launch molecule KSMs. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Sure. So just taking this a bit forward, is it fair to say that the growth numbers that you have 
mentioned for Pharma for FY '26 because of this promising pipeline, '27 should be much better 
than what we expect in '26? 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
Yes, it will be in the same range, I'll say, at this point of time, 12% to 15%, because the base 
business also grows and some molecules which we have got more from a life cycle management 
perspective, they will also ramp up in the coming years. So I think it's a good number to have 
12% to 15% growth consistently year-on-year. And the profitability also will change as per the 
new launches come. Objective is to move our portfolio more towards CDMO business, which 
has higher margins. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Sure. Sameer, one question for you, right? Again, I'm quoting something that you mentioned in 
the past call, right, that when a client comes to India and probably he visits some of these 
companies, we are in that top 5, top 6 kind of list, right, when it comes to CDMO or maybe 
within CDMO also, the specific niche that, that client is particularly looking out for. Now if I 
think about your revenue, right, of, let's say, if I combine the Pharma and chemical CDMO 
revenue, we are close to INR950-odd crores, right? 
 
So my question, Sameer, is that in terms of revenue, we might not be in top 5, right, in some 
sense. So in last 4, 5 years, what have been our learnings or how have we improved our success 
rate or funneling or whatever you want to call it in getting more and more NCEs, right, so that 
in next 5 years, we are just not in that top 5 list of -- when the client come, but also in terms of 
revenue, we are able to reach there. What has been our learning, right, which will help us for the 
next 5 years? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
So 2 things. One is that we're getting closer to our customers. We have set up global offices now 
in North America, Japan and in Europe. That was not the case in the past. So that has been done 
last year in the last 6 months -- 6 months to 1 year. Secondly, we've also increased our offerings 
in our R&D center in Pune and our scale-up capabilities. 
And we've invested significantly in that in the last 12 months, and we continue to invest in that 
with our new high-potency laboratory and new technology capabilities. I mean this has all been 
well planned out in the last couple of years. And this is attracting a number of RFPs, and I think 
that growth will accelerate significantly. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
If you look at our Animal Health business, just to give you an example, 3 years ago, there was 
very few inquiries, then we got this big customer. After that, we got several new inquiries. You 
just did a couple of early wins and then it's the force multiplier effect. And people give you a lot 
of other businesses. All these customers, they kind of talk to each other and they see who are the 
good companies out there. So you do 1 or 2 good projects, then you can really ramp up the RFPs 
and your number of projects, and it's much easier to win new business. 
 
The first ones are the hardest to win. I think we're overcoming that hurdle. And now the next 
ones will be much easier and will ramp up quite rapidly. So as I mentioned, we've got 12 to 15 
products in advanced stages of development, commercialization in Pharma. In the past, it was 6 
to 8, 8 to 9, we were talking about. We've already gone up more than 50% in the last 1 year. And 
this will increase and intensify as we go forward. Yes. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Yes, Sameer. Can I push a couple of more questions if that's fine? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes, maybe one more. Yes. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Sure, sure. Okay. Yes. So Sameer, my question would be on this -- you mentioned about the 
new laboratory that you are putting up, right.. Can you just slightly elaborate more for in a -- 
more in a generic term to help us understand as to why -- I mean, is it like 50% -- we are currently 
participating only in 50% of RFQs. 
And now that once we have this capability up and running sometime by end of the year, the 
participation in RFQis it a fair thing? And what is this more? Can you just double-click a little 
bit to help us understand what is this new lab that you are talking about? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
I don't think it will be double, but it will be quite a bit more. Whether it's going to be 30% more, 
40% more, that only time will tell. But it's definitely -- this is more niche, high-potent chemistry, 
which is anticancer drugs, if you look at that, which we were not participating in the past. 
And you asked a question what -- somebody asked a question about what are the learning, I think 
this is a technology toolbox offering. And the customers now also feel more confident of 
outsourcing high-potent chemistry to India, which was not the case a couple of years ago. This 
would typically go to European CMO companies when a lot of the new generation chemistry is 
now being looked at India, not only high potency, even peptides. Indian companies who have 
built a good credibility and track record are being considered as serious players and projects are 
being awarded to them. 
 
So this is a laboratory. A laboratory high potency is almost like a mini manufacturing plant 
because you need very small quantities compared to a regular cardiovascular drug or a regular 
pain medication drug. This is very low dosage. 
So the batch sizes are much smaller. And we could do early clinical trial material could be 
supported from this. It's like a mini pilot plant, I would say, laboratory cum mini pilot plant. Yes. 
It will be done from this laboratory, which will be operational by Q3 of this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes. Sir, in terms of the addressable market for Pharma and agrochem molecules that we are 
working on, if you can just give us a broader understanding of that? So maybe a molecule usually 
has an addressable size of maybe $20 million, $25 million. Just to get an understanding how 
much potentially maximum revenues that we can generate once the molecule is commercialized, 
both in Pharma as well as agrochemical separately? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Was your question regarding particular projects or the total addressable market size? Can you 
just elaborate? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So generally, when we are funneling our products, we must be looking at a particular market 
size. If that is too low, probably we may not be looking at that opportunity. So what is that we 
look usually for both Pharma and agrochemicals from a molecule perspective to work on? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. So I'll typically say, I think we look at typical minimum size of at least $5 million a project. 
I mean, ideally, we want to look at even $10 million. And some of the products that we have in 
our portfolio have potential to get to even $20 million and beyond, $25 million. So I think INR50 
crores, per molecule is what we look at peak and going -- some will go to INR100 crores and 
some will even go to INR200 crores and beyond per product. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. That's helpful. And second question, again, pertaining to that in terms of the success rate 
of a molecule from CDMO to commercialization, how has been it in the past, both if you have 
separate data for Pharma and agrochemicals? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Agrochemical, it's not as intense as a Pharma business. As a Pharma, it falls off as quite a bit 
from Phase I to Phase II to Phase III, right? So agrochemical more often than not, if you get a 
product under development, chances of it going to launch is very, very high. I mean, the chances 
of failure are very low. I would say chances of launch are more than 75% in the agrochemical 
space because registration on the stock studies are already done. 
A lot of work is already done by the companies. In Pharma, we are doing more of the Phase II 
and Phase III work. They are not that much in the Phase I and lead work. So again, the probability 
of going to launch is more than 50%, I would say, in that. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinay, who is an investor. 
Vinay: 
Sir, what is the status of U.S. FDA observations, which we got in February? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
We've responded to the FDA observations and all the observations have been responded by us. 
We're just awaiting the response. 
Vinay: 
Sir, are they preserving nature or something we need to be looked at seriously? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Well, there was no data integrity issue at all in any of the observations. So we have given our 
responses, and we wait to hear back from the FDA. As of now, we cannot make any comments 
regarding that. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we will take this as our last question. I would 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining our quarterly earnings call and our annual financial call for the 
year ended March 31, 2025. And thank you for your continued interest in our company. We 
appreciate your support as we navigate through the challenges of the global business 
environment. 
As we conclude this call, we want to assure you we are here to address any further questions or 
concerns. Feel free to reach out to us or our Investor Relations partner, Strategic Growth 
Advisors. Once again, thank you for your participation. Goodbye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Hikal Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
