 
SKF India Limited 
Registered office: Chinchwad, Pune 411 033, Maharashtra, India 
Tel: +91 (20) 6611 2500, Fax no: +91 (20) 6611 2396, Web: www.skf.com, Email id: investorIndia@skf.com 
CIN: L29130PN1961PLC213113 
 
 
Date: 14th April 2025 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, 
G Block, Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051, 
Maharashtra, India
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400001, Maharashtra, India 
NSE Scrip Code – SKFINDIA  
BSE Scrip Code -500472  
 
Subject : 
Transcript of Analyst/Institutional Investor meeting held on 09th April 2025 
Reference:   
Our intimations dated 04th April and 09th April 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Clause 15(b)(iii) of Schedule III, Part A, Para A read with Regulation 30 (2), Regulation 
30(6)&Regulation 46(2)(oa)of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (as amended from time to time) (“SEBI LODR”), please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of Analyst / Institutional Investor Call for an update on demerger held on Wednesday, 09th April 
2025 at 14:00 Hrs (IST). The same will soon be uploaded on the website of the company for 
convenience of the shareholders. 
We request you to take the above information on record and disseminate the same on your respective 
websites. 
 
 
Thanking you,  
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For SKF India Limited 
 
 
 
_____________ 
Ranjan Kumar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
al F
Digitally signed by RANJAN KUMAR
DN: cn=RANJAN KUMAR, 
o=Personal, 
email=RANJAN.KUMAR@SKF.COM
Date: 2025.04.14 20:41:59 +05'30'
RANJAN 
KUMAR

 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“SKF India Limited 
Demerger Update Call” 
April 09, 2025 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MUKUND VASUDEVAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SKF INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHISH SARAF – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- 
SKF INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RANJAN KUMAR – GENERAL COUNSEL AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY – SKF INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
alF
al F

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Demerger Update Call for SKF India 
Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note the duration of the call is limited to 45 minutes. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranjan Kumar, General Counsel and Company Secretary, 
SKF India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ranjan Kumar: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and 
interest in this important update regarding the demerger process of our company. As indicated, 
I'm Ranjan Kumar, General Counsel and Company Secretary of SKF India Limited. And with 
us, we have Mukund Vasudevan, Managing Director, and our CFO, Ashish Saraf. 
 
The purpose of today's call is to provide a comprehensive update on the demerger process, its 
strategic rationale, expected benefits and next steps. We will take all your queries after the update 
is shared by us as a management team. This call is not expected to cover routine financial 
statements or results, and hence, the invitees are requested to confine their questions to the 
ongoing demerger transaction. 
 
Before we start the update, I would like to emphasize that some of the information that you will 
receive in this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and 
uncertainties. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumptions made 
by and on the information currently available to the management. 
 
The audience is cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements while 
making any future investment decisions. With this, let me turn the call over to Mukund for 
sharing update on demerger. As stated before, we will open the call for Q&A after this update. 
Over to you, Mukund. 
Mukund Vasudevan: 
Thank you, Ranjan. This is Mukund Vasudevan, Managing Director of SKF India Limited. And 
as Ranjan said, we thought it's very important as we are going through this demerger process 
where we are segregating the Automotive and Industrial business to keep all our valued investors 
informed around the rationale, the process and the logic behind why we're doing this. 
 
With that in mind, I'll jump in, and we'll hold the Q&A until the end with disclaimer, as you 
have probably seen. So the topics we'll cover today, we'll talk about SKF India as it stands today 
so that you all get a grounding on what the current business is. Then we'll kind of pivot into the 
demerger and what's the logic and the rationale behind separating the automotive and the 
industrial businesses. 
 
We'll talk about pro forma financials as we -- for the 2 separated entities. And then finally, we'll 
talk about the demerger status and timeline, where we are today in that process. With that, let 
me jump in and first talk about SKF India, and both its current and past performance. So as you 
alkF

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 3 of 13 
 
all know, most of you know, it's been over a 100-year journey for us in SKF India. We were 
established in 1923 as a ball-bearing manufacturing unit. 
 
Over time, we've expanded to a lot of other associated products and services. And we are strong 
in both the industrial as well as the automotive domain. Today, SKF India has 3 state-of-the-art 
manufacturing facilities, 4 offices, over 570 distributors and channel partners who are helping 
us serve the market and around 1,700 employees. 
 
If you look at our 2024 numbers, and these are in INR million. So that's almost INR4,570 crores 
of revenue, EBITDA of almost 16% to 17%, INR5,500 million of profit and strong net cash 
flow. Overall, the return on capital employed has always been strong. And in 2024, we delivered 
a 27.4% return on capital employed. So overall, a strong performance. It's been a fairly consistent 
performance too, if you look at the historical. Even if you look from 2020 onwards, our top line 
revenue has been growing at almost 13% CAGR. 
 
Our EBITDA has been growing at 16% CAGR if you take a 5-year horizon and the profit after 
tax is 18% CAGR. So overall, strong performance, good sales and good leverage on that sales 
down to the bottom line as we have become more efficient in our portfolio as well as become 
more efficient in our manufacturing. And the shareholder returns speak for themselves, 23% 
CAGR in our stock price. It's had its ups and downs, but overall, a steady growth over the last 5 
years. 
 
And as a company, we have maintained a strong dividend payout as well as capital performance 
of the stock price overall. I think whether it's our financial performance or our strategies or our 
operating discipline, all of that has helped us achieve these results and deliver strong shareholder 
returns. 
 
The reason I wanted to share this with you is this is a culture we want to continue even as we 
move into the demerger, both entities will aim to deliver strong performance as we have done in 
the past as a combined entity. If I now look at our strategy, it's the pillars of our strategy. 
 
We have looked at -- while our overall vision is towards the intelligent and clean future, the 
pillars have been around focusing on high-growth segments, whether it be the heavy industry 
like steel, power, mining, etc, or in automotive, whether it's SUVs, light commercial vehicles, 
etc, and drives new technologies where we are focused on energy efficiency, reliability, longer-
lasting products or bearings and as well as the powertrain. 
Services and aftermarket to make sure that the products we sell are serviced to ensure service at 
the end customer to make sure that they perform up to expectations, and we can extend life. So 
a lot of customized solutions and good reach and availability through our distributor network. 
And finally, portfolio management, which is to ensure that we constantly prune businesses which 
are unprofitable, both at a product level as well as at the customer level. And all this has helped 
us or has been possible through a more regionalized and a competitive supply chain and 
manufacturing footprint.  
alkF

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Technology development, which continues to be the pillar or the backbone of how we get our 
growth, an entire digitalized value chain and more efficient operations and manufacturing closer 
to our customer. So all of this has helped us achieve our goals and the numbers we spoke about 
in the last few pages. 
I'll now move to the next section, which is around the demerger and why we believe it makes a 
lot of sense to separate the Automotive and the Industrial business. The intention of this 
demerger is to create 2 fit-for-purposes independent companies, which will accelerate both 
growth and profitability of both companies.  
And why do we believe that this is possible? The reason is, first, there are 3 big macro drivers, 
which is, one, there is -- the dynamics of the industries are fundamentally different. Second, the 
customer needs themselves are different in the Automotive and Industrial. Third, the 
manufacturing philosophy and how we should manufacture is also different in Automotive and 
Industrial. 
And if you dig a little deeper, what will enable this by 2 high-performing businesses is, one, an 
improved and focused approach from the management in 2 separate businesses, a more tailored 
customer value proposition, as we'll go into deeper in the next few pages, increased agility and 
responsiveness, more manufacturing efficiency, better capital deployment as the two  businesses 
have different requirements.  
And finally, a more a better and more financial visibility, attracting more diverse investors who 
are more aligned towards the Automotive or the Industrial business. All of these together will 
help us accelerate growth and profitability for both businesses. 
If I now look at each one of these in a nutshell, let's start with the macro dynamics. And if we 
talk about the top row here, Automotive, as you can imagine, the automotive business, there are 
many macro drivers impacting that industry.  
There is emission and CAFE norms, which are evolving. Government is, in fact, targeting 30% 
EV penetration by 2030. Another big driver is premiumization, which is -- there's more need for 
higher performance, more SUVs coming into the market and aspirational vehicles, high-
performance vehicles. 
In commercial vehicles, last mile mobility is becoming a much more important factor as is driven 
partly by e-commerce and urbanization. So smaller commercial vehicles, more energy efficient 
and ability to navigate the last mile delivery is what commercial vehicle industry is looking at. 
So those are macro drivers in the Automotive industry. 
In the Industrial business, the government is driving a lot of initiatives to increase local 
manufacturing, whether it is Make in India, NIP or PLI that is driven by both global macro trends 
but also the need to increase the percentage of manufacturing in the Indian GDP. 
Cement, metal construction sectors are growing rapidly, driven by infrastructure spending, 
urbanization and rural demand, but also government focused on infrastructure. Railways 
continues to be a priority for both us and the government as the freight rail is increasing and 
alkF

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 5 of 13 
 
becoming more efficient, but so are metros in just about every major city now metros exist, and 
the Tier 2 cities are now emerging and faster passenger rails like Vande Bharat, which are 
intercity. 
And then finally, even renewables. Renewables continues to be a focus of India. The capacity is 
likely to double in renewables by 2030 from what we have today. So as you can see, very 
different drivers in Automotive and Industrial macro requirement. 
All right. So as you can imagine, macro drivers in the Automotive and Industrial are very 
different. Let's now talk a little bit about customer needs, getting a little micro within Automotive 
and Industrial.  
Let's start with Automotive, right.  Our customers, which are broadly divided into 2-wheelers, 
3-wheelers, Volvo , commercial vehicles and passenger vehicles. And you can see a list of whose 
who, who are our customers today and have been there in the past also. And each one of them 
has different drivers. 
2-wheelers and 3-wheelers, there is a drive for premiumization, high performance and EV 
adoption. Passenger vehicles, it's becoming aspirational SUVs, multiple fuel and hybrid options 
coming in. Durability, safety and reliability is becoming an increasing focus. And in commercial 
vehicles, reduced logistics cost is the focus, last mile mobility and again, electrification where 
possible is also a driver. 
Our product lines are aligned with similar needs, whether it's the 2-wheelers where we're focused 
on high performance and fit-for-purpose bearings for EV, for example, are the drivers. In 
passenger vehicles, it's again high performance, high reliability, so less longer life, more rigidity 
to ensure a smoother drive in premium vehicles, but also electrification again, where we can 
supply a set of bearings, which are made specifically for EVs, which are safer and more energy 
efficient. And similarly for commercial vehicles where smaller commercial vehicles, smaller 
footprint of our bearing and drivetrain is equally important. 
 
If I now pick one example of this really quick, and then I'll go back to Industrial. If you look at 
an example here of where, as I mentioned, electrification, energy efficiency is really important, 
SKF worked with one such automotive OEM where we delivered high-speed ceramic bearings 
to enhance the overall EV powertrain performance. 
 
It performed much better than competitor bearings in durability and in resisting any kind of 
electrical damage, which can happen due to DC currents in the EV. So no parasitic currents as 
they call it, right.  It has happened because of our high-speed DGBBs, which is unique to SKF, 
conductive carbon brushes and our ceramic bearings. 
 
This overall system approach helped us improve the vehicles' energy performance overall. And 
we moved from more of a competent supplier to overall solution supplier in this particular case. 
So as you can imagine, through this kind of a system approach through our focus on innovation, 
driven by a specific customer needs of electrification and energy efficiency, we were able to 
capture some additional business. This is the kind of requirement that the automotive industry 
customers have and will continue to have. 
alkF

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 6 of 13 
 
 
If I now switch to Industrial and talk about their needs and what's driving it, Industrial is a mix 
of many separate industries. As you can see, we serve the drives and the motors. We serve the 
heavy industries, which includes cement, mining, metals, so on. Renewable industry, which is 
mainly wind, railways and a bunch of others. And each one of these have very different needs. 
 
The heavy industry is all about intelligent production, which is about Industry 4.0, which is 
driven to ensure that the plant is maintained at a very high uptime, limited down time, no 
stoppage in production. So whether you can say steel industry or a cement industry, production 
downtime is something which really hurts them. 
 
So they want to kind of capture information ahead of time to say how efficiently is their plant 
performing. Intelligent production is that. Efficiency and cost reduction as these are heavy 
industries, cyclical in their performance, cost is always a focus. 
 
High focus on sustainability as we all are getting greener in both at the individual company level 
as well as a country level and then predictive maintenance to again ensure higher uptime. And 
our products are so aligned. The products you see on the right, I won't go into the details, each 
one of them, whether it's our bearings, seals, lubrication or our service-related solutions, which 
enable remote monitoring of these bearings to ensure better predictive maintenance and less 
downtime. 
 
All these solutions are targeted at the heavy industry. And if you look at the drives and motors, 
gearboxes, kind of industry, there, it's about compact and lightweight. That's the requirement. 
Not only that, there is a fair amount of energy efficiency requirement. There's also other 
requirements depending on the application on less noise or less vibration. There, it's about 
designing bearings which can run at high speed, but yet are compact, lightweight and a lower 
footprint overall and yet are delivering the energy efficiency requirements of the customer. 
 
The railway industry is moving towards high-speed rail with metros, Vande Bharat, etc. There, 
again, passenger experience and safety is super important as is durability because the longer you 
maintain them, the better the overall cost of owning the bearing is or maintaining the vehicle is 
reduced. 
 
There, we supply a range of bearings, which again, are highly durable, but we match it up with 
service and with remanufacturing where possible to increase the -- to lower the overall cost of 
owning our bearings. And finally, one other example on renewables. If you look at their needs, 
their demand, they are, of course, in the clean energy environment. 
 
A cost of repairing a bearing, whether it's a main shaft bearing, or a gearbox bearing in a wind 
turbine is huge. So reliability and longer life is really, really important. There again, SKF offers 
a really comprehensive set of bearings which ensure this, but also backed with the right kind of 
service to ensure -- through remote monitoring, we predict any failure before it actually  does 
happen. 
 
And the reason for the failure, whether it is lubrication related or a seal failure or a misalignment, 
which might have happened. All that helps the customer get a better value proposition. So as 
you can imagine, again, a set of -- in Industrial, it's a variety of industries, each with their specific 
alkF

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 7 of 13 
 
needs, each with their corresponding innovation and corresponding products to serve those 
needs. 
 
And if we pick one example in Industrial or a couple of examples, I'll start with the Vande Bharat 
train. There, SKF designed and manufactured the propulsion control and other equipment for 
Vande Bharat train sets, which provided a much more reliable bearing, safer as well as longer-
lasting and less vibration. But not only that it was produced completely locally to ensure that 
good lead time is available and the cost structure is what is required in a country like India. 
 
If we switch to a completely different industry, the example below, which is around steel. There, 
with our customer Tata Steel, since this is a public, we can use our customer's name. We 
developed the first of its kind steel-related bearing -- steel manufacturing-related bearing for 
their converters, which through its design has eliminated a lot of unplanned downtime, reduced 
cost and enhanced safety. 
Again, the goal in Industrial is to produce high efficiency, low TCO, safe, durable and 
maintenance-free solutions for our customers. So again, I just thought I'd give a flavor of what 
are the kind of drivers, macro as well as specific customer needs in Industrial and Automotive. 
And if I move to the last pillar here, which is around manufacturing. Obviously, the two 
manufacturing -- the two entities, Industrial and Automotive, because the customer needs are 
different and the macro drivers are different, the manufacturing processes also tend to be 
different. Automotive has a large batch sizes with small and medium-sized bearings. So few 
customers, OEM customers, but a large number of bearings being supplied to them as the number 
of vehicles produced is very high, too. 
Focus is on automotive assortments and application-specific offerings,  with a defined customer 
base, not a large customer base. Cost efficiency because operational efficiency and economies 
of scale is very important in manufacturing these bearings. There's also an opportunity for us 
because these are large batch productions and bearings are small, much more opportunity for 
automation, less variety. 
Now if we switch to Industrial on the right-hand side, Industrial has a very wide product portfolio 
because every industry is slightly different. And the sizes range from small but a much larger 
chunk of medium and large also. This requires flexible channels or flexible manufacturing lines 
to serve the medium and small customers volumes as well as the larger customers, which require 
the large bearings. We also have to develop many more customized solutions depending on the 
application, maybe within the same industry itself, there will be multiple applications. Just as an 
example, within a cement plant, one cement plant there are probably 30 different applications 
we have identified, each with different kinds of bearings, just one cement plant. 
And finally, because these there is a large assortment of bearings, we have to leverage not just 
the manufacturing footprint, which we have within SKF India, but also the regional 
manufacturing footprint. So it will be a combination of manufactured and traded for SKF India 
to actually serve the customer demand. So that's the difference in the manufacturing focus, which 
also is a reason for why this demerger makes sense. 
alkF

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 8 of 13 
 
So to summarize, macro drivers are different. Customer drivers and innovation is different; and 
third, the manufacturing itself, the process of manufacturing itself is very different, what will 
make us most efficient and help us serve the customer needs.  
With that, I'm going to move to the pro- forma financials and hand it over to our CFO, Ashish 
Saraf. 
Ashish Saraf: 
Thanks, Mukund. So I'm going to share the pro forma financials for both the businesses, 
Automotive and Industrial. Please note that these financial statements reported are unaudited 
and have been prepared with assumptions and with best knowledge available with the 
management. These financial statements do not represent or guarantee the future performance 
of both the businesses.  
The total revenue of SKF India for financial year '23, '24 was around INR 45.7 billion. And the 
sales, including exports have been split between Automotive and Industrial as well as 
profitability has been calculated based on of both the businesses based on certain assumptions. 
The fixed assets and liabilities have been allocated between the two businesses based on 
management estimates and accordingly the return on capital employed has been calculated for 
both businesses. We believe both businesses will create two focused and stronger listed entities 
and below future drivers will enable us both companies to drive strong financial performance. 
Now I'll talk about the automotive future drivers. If you look at the Automotive driver, I think 
one of the key aspects would be targeted value-driven product innovations and sales initiatives 
for low-friction bearing, which is going to address the emission challenges and the safety 
challenges which the Automotive business is going to encounter. Plus the last mobile 
connectivity, which is the LCVs, which are light commercial vehicle business, which is going 
to help us reduce and enable the automotive business to serve the market in an effective manner. 
Our Automotive business will continue to work with large OEMs to jointly develop products 
which are best fit for our market and which will enable us to be competitive and have preferred 
pricing with our customers. Automotive business will continue to leverage manufacturing 
footprint in India and continue to expand its operations. Lastly, Automotive business will 
continue to prune its low profit businesses, look at product portfolio and work with our 
customers to drive cost reductions, get price increases as well as, in some cases, exit the business 
to drive future profitability for the business. 
As I move to the Industrial business, if you look at, I think one of the key drivers would be value 
selling. Industrial business is going to focus on upscaling its sales organization as well as the 
large distribution network in terms of really selling the value of the products to our customers 
so that we can really drive value to the customers as well as focus on critical applications, which 
will gives us better pricing and which helps us improve profitability for the business. 
If you look at services, the Industrial business will continue to invest in the services business, 
some of these services like remanufacturing, like condition monitoring, as well as REP, which 
is Rotating Equipment Performance, will continuously help us to increase the overall uptime of 
the customer and improve the productivity for the customers where we can get better value.  
alkF

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Industrial business will continue to focus on the overall reach, which is increasing the 
distribution network, expanding the distribution network as well as investing in the retail channel 
of the distributors so that we can continue to expand in this market. We will continue to leverage 
our regionalization as well as localization to drive competitiveness in the market. We are already 
almost 30% to 35% localized and we will continue to leverage our regionalization and increase 
our localization in this market to be more competitive. 
Lastly, we will continue to optimize our pricing with our customers, continue to prune our 
customers and we have done -- taken a lot of action in last year and we will continue to do this 
in this dynamic and challenging environment. These future drivers both for automotive and 
industrial will help us continue to deliver strong performance for both these companies. 
Lastly, I think it's important that we understand that the demerger will not adversely impact the 
shareholding of the public shareholders. The new company will mirror the shareholding of the 
existing listed company with each shareholder of SKF India receiving one share of SKF 
Industrial as a consideration of the demerger. Upon completion of the demerger, the shares of 
SKF Industrial will be listed on both the stock exchanges. 
I'll move to the next topic, which is demerger status and timeline. So, if you look at the overall 
time line, the overall timeline for demerger is around 12 months to 15 months. We already started 
the process in last year, Q4 '24. Currently, we are in end of Q1 where we have already received 
observation letters from stock exchange as well as SEBI and we are in the process of filing an 
application with NCLT.  
We are expecting approvals by end of Q3 from NCLT and we are targeting listing of the 
industrial business by end of Q4, subject to everything going as per the overall plan. As of now, 
we are pretty confident of achieving the overall demerger timeline. Thank you. I think with this, 
I'll hand it over to the host for any questions that we might have from the team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Viraj from SiMPL. Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
Yes. Hi, thank you for the call and thank you for the presentation. First is just a request, I think 
you've just given a pro - forma numbers for both entities for FY '24, but if you can also give a 
much more longer historical data, say, last 3 years or 5 years for us to kind of understand the 
unit economics in each of our business, that will be very helpful. So that's a request. 
Just had a couple of queries. In the past, we've been communicating about capex of about INR 
150 crores annually and that run rate to sustain for the next few years. Given that both the 
businesses will now be split, how should we understand the capex spend in each of the businesses 
for next couple of years. And this is a backdrop of the regionalization, which the parent keeps 
on talking about, looking at increasing the rationalization rates in India and other attractive 
markets. So that is one. 
Second is on the Industrial business, if I look at our different segments which we participate in 
the major ones, which we have shown. And if we compare the portfolio of the parent, there are 
still quite a few categories, applications where we are not there. So any thought process in terms 
alkF

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 10 of 13 
 
of how we're going about bridging the portfolio gap and our play in those categories, either in 
India or globally? 
And third is on the portfolio pruning on a price correction part, both industrial and automotive. 
We have been talking about price correction, portfolio pruning for the last 1 or 2 years. Can you 
just give us some perspective of how much we have done, where are we in the journey and what 
more is for the -- if you could just give some color on this? 
Mukund Vasudevan: 
All right. So I'll let Ashish take the question, Go ahead, Ashish. 
Ashish Saraf: 
So I think the first question was on historical data. So again, what we have currently shared is 
the unaudited financial statements for financial year '23, '24. The historical financial statements 
would be shared with all the shareholders as a part of the shareholder notice when they are given 
invite for the shareholder meeting. So we would share the same at that time. Then the next 
question was on capex.  
So on capex, if you look at we have -- historically, we have communicated that we would spend 
around INR150 crores annually. We believe that both companies would definitely continue to 
spend around INR 150 crores going forward as well. Having said that, – currently automotive 
business is running out of capacity and space. 
We are internally evaluating additional investments that we need to make for both automotive 
and industrial businesses that they can further grow the business in this market.  So there would 
be more investments, but we would share more information once we have detailed information 
available around the additional investments that we intend to make. 
Ashish Saraf: 
 Sorry, what was your third question? 
Mukund Vasudevan: 
Yes, I think on the portfolio pruning, that's more of a financial question, not relevant to the 
demerger. We'll continue to do that continuously. So I would say let's hold that question for one 
of our regular investor calls around financials. It's not that relevant to the demerger. It's a regular 
exercise which we do both on Automotive and Industrial. And we continue to do it. We are 
seeing results from it. Yes. 
Viraj: 
Just one last question. On the Auto business, as you also mentioned in the presentation, that it's 
a very -- it's a business where the localization is quite high. There's a large-scale automation 
already. So when you talk about drivers for margin improvement, this is not really a quarter or 
year kind of outlook. But if one is to understand on a mature basis, can you just elaborate a little 
bit more in terms of what is the kind of stable state, mature margin this business can earn? 
 
And what will really drive it? I mean, so when you say targeted value, low friction, what kind 
of a content change we can see or just if you can just dwell a little deeper because you already 
have the localization on your side, the utilization is also quite high. So just trying to understand 
what further would drive the margin? 
Mukund Vasudevan: 
Yes. I think it's a combination of things, right? And the first is there is always room for more 
efficient manufacturing, whether it be on -- and this could be procurement-related. It could be 
alkF

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 11 of 13 
 
the manufacturing process related. The number of bearings you can produce from a line as you 
get more efficient, reduce the setup times or increase the cycle times, so on, right, or reduce the 
cycle time, sorry, you can get more bearings out of the same line. There's always room. 
 
And I would say there is opportunity there's continuous opportunity there. I believe the other 
angle is, of course, both on pricing as well as value selling. So there's opportunities to -- as we 
improve our let's say, our ceramic bearings as we spoke about, our energy-efficient bearings, we 
should be able to price that at a premium, because it adds overall value to the customer, to the 
OEM. 
 
So I would say while the margins are typically relatively thin, we would hope that we can get at 
least 2 to 3 more points on our EBITDA going forward. So we don't have -- at this point, we're 
not giving forward-looking statements, but I'd say we would hope that we can do that both on 
Industrial as well as Automotive. 
Viraj: 
Thank you very much and good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sir, firstly, on the demerger side, any thought, I mean other than what you mentioned in the 
presentation about the opportunities in both Auto and Industrial. Also, do you think being a 
separate entity now, will there be opportunity to do more M&A or anything on the product 
expansion line, which can happen? Any thoughts around that, sir? 
Mukund Vasudevan: 
So I can't give specifics on M&A, right? But I can say that's something which because there is 
more focus in both businesses on specific customer needs and the industry dynamics and better 
capital allocation possible, I would say it should spur more opportunities on both sides. I can't 
give any specifics at this time, but it should spur more opportunities on M&A as well as 
investments. I think the previous gentleman had asked a question around capex. It should spur 
more opportunity to do capex as well as M&A. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. And sir, to Ashish sir, any thought -- any decision-making has been taken for the 
division of the plants or the operations, sir? 
Ashish Saraf: 
We are currently in advanced stage of planning. Once we have more concrete information 
available at our end, we would share the same with everyone. 
Mukund Vasudevan: 
And just to add to that, I think as Ashish said, we do need more capacity, especially in 
Automotive, but also in Industrial. So there will be additional investment, irrespective of the 
demerger, there will be additional investment. And it will probably time well with what we do 
with our plants also. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Broadly to say, it would be, capital input would be… 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, sir. Could you please come back in the queue for further questions? 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sure. 
alkF

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chinmay Parikh from GPSPL. Please go ahead. 
Chinmay Parikh: 
My question is, can you give a breakup of exports between Automotive and Industrial? And 
given all that's happening in the global front, what is your sort of outlook on the export markets 
for both Automotive and Industrial? 
Ashish Saraf: 
Yes. So if you look at, again, broadly, the exports, depending on -- again, we've looked at the 
historical data and we have kind of split the exports based on to which customers we have 
supplied those products, right? And accordingly, we have allocated the exports between the two 
businesses, Industrial and Automotive. 
 
In terms of future plans, currently, our strategy for SKF India is purely India focused. We are 
focusing on how we're going to grow our business in the India market. Definitely, we leverage 
exports, wherever possible. But right now, any expansion plans or growth plans would be 
predominantly focused on growing the business in the India market. 
Mukund Vasudevan: 
And just to add to that, right, the export portion is relatively small right now. And so -- and we 
see enough opportunity in India. And so our focus, as Ashish said, is going to be on India on 
both the businesses. 
Chinmay Parikh: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question. It's from the line of
Krupashankar NJ from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead.
Krupashankar NJ: 
Just one question. I wanted to understand the estimated Gross Block split between the 2
segments, if that is available. And given that you had highlighted that about INR 150 crores of
capex would be incurred, are you revisiting is it going to be INR 150 crores for each segment?
Is that how you plan to incur it going ahead?
Ashish Saraf: 
No. So the INR150 crores capex investment is all put together. That's the historical spend that
SKF India has done, right? So that's what we are saying that we will continue with that
investment. Having said that, we are looking at additional investment opportunities for both the
companies, right? Coming back to your initial question sorry I forgot, what was the initial
question?
Krupashankar NJ: 
Gross Block split. 
Ashish Saraf: 
For the Gross Block, again, we are still in the process of finalizing -- our assets allocation 
between the 2 companies. So that is – because that's predominantly manufacturing that we are 
working on. Having said that, manufacturing, given that Automotive is more localized, there are 
going to be higher assets and gross block for Automotive. And that's where you see that the 
return on capital employed for Automotive was slightly lower than Industrial. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Okay. So if your calculation on the capital employed on which you calculate the ROCE, is there 
a proportion of Gross Block of that capital employed, anything indicative which you can give 
us? 
alkF

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKF India Limited 
 
April 09, 2025 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Ashish Saraf: 
Yes. So I think let's wait for the additional information because a lot of these things are currently 
under discussion, right? So we don't want to share a specific number with you, I would say just 
wait for a couple of months. I think once we have the final decision on the infrastructure and the 
allocation, then we would be able to share more information around this. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, since the call duration was for 45 minutes, that was the last 
question. On behalf of SKF India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
 
alkF
