 
 
 
 
Branch Oﬃce: 
 
Indiana House, B Wing, 6th Floor, Makwana Road, Marol, 
Andheri (East), Mumbai-400059. 
 
42-43, Shiv shakƟ Industrial Estate, Oﬀ Andheri Kurla Road, 
Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai- 400059. 
Jyothy Labs Limited
CIN: L24240MH1992PLC128651 
‘Ujala House’, Ramkrishna Mandir Road, 
Kondivita, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059. 
Tel: +91 022-6689 2800 | Fax: +91 022-6689 2805 
info@jyothy.com | www.jyothylabs.com 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited                                                               
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,           
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 023 
BSE Code: 532926 
                            
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: JYOTHYLAB 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Para A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, transcript of the earnings conference call held on 
Monday, May 12, 2025 for analyst/ investors to discuss the Audited Financial Results for the quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2025 and the way forward, is enclosed. 
Further, the aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.jyothylabs.com. 
Kindly take the above on your record and disseminate the same for the informaƟon of investors. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
 
Shreyas Trivedi  
Head – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
SHREYAS 
PARAG 
TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
SHREYAS PARAG 
TRIVEDI 
Date: 2025.05.15 
15:50:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Jyothy Labs Limited Q4 & FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. M. R. JYOTHY - CHAIRPERSON & MD, JYOTHY 
LABS LIMITED 
MR. PAWAN AGARWAL – CFO, JYOTHY LABS 
LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MR. DHIRAJ MISTRY - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 & FY'25 earnings conference call of 
Jyothy Labs Limited hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dhiraj Mistry from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Thank you and welcome to the call. I would like to thank the Management of Jyothy Labs to 
give us an opportunity to host this call. From the Management, we have with us Ms. M. R. Jyothy 
– Chairperson & MD; Mr. Pawan Agarwal – CFO. 
I would hand over call to the management for their opening remarks. Thank you. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to Jyothy Labs Limited Q4 '25 Earnings. 
The complete Financial Results and Investor Presentation are available on our Website as well 
as on the Stock Exchanges. I hope you have had the opportunity to review them. 
FY'25 has been a challenging year, not just for us but for the broader FMCG industry. After 4 
consecutive years of double digit value growth, we saw a slowdown beginning in Q2, driven 
largely by external headwinds, rising living costs, sluggish urban income growth and evolving 
consumer preference towards daily essentials in terms of pack sizes, price sensitivity, 
promotional offers and convenience of ordering and delivery. While India's macroeconomic 
indicators remain strong relative to global peers, urban households are clearly feeling the pinch, 
higher spends on housing, healthcare, education and utilities have impacted discretionary and 
even essential consumption. Consumers are opting for smaller packs, holding back on bulk 
purchases and displaying heightened price sensitivity. Rural demand has started to recover but 
not yet at a pace that can offset urban softness. 
That said, our long-term outlook remains positive. We believe this is a temporary phase and 
demand will gradually recover, led by volumes. We are confident in our ability to navigate this 
period with resilience and emerge stronger. Our strategy remains focused, launching more 
affordable formats, filling portfolio white spaces, deepening our presence in core regions and 
managing costs without compromising on quality. Our brands are trusted, our team is agile and 
our execution is solid. Our priorities are clear, serving our consumers better, staying efficient, 
and creating long term value for our investors. 
Let me touch upon the performance of various categories in our business: 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
Fabric care grew at 2.1% in Q4 and 5% for the full year, largely led by volume. Liquid detergents 
were the primary growth driver, supported by detergent powders and bar soaps. The Main Wash 
category saw double digit volume growth in FY'25. 
In Kerala, Ujala IDD Detergent Powder gained market share rising to 24.5% in FY'25 from 
23.4% in FY'24. Southern India market, a stronghold in the liquid detergent space grew at 27% 
year-on-year with some of the most outpacing category growth in this region. Revenues from 
liquids nearly tripled on both a quarterly and annual basis. 
The Post Wash segment remains the key focus. Ujala Supreme continues its leadership and Ujala 
Crisp and Shine sustained its momentum. With the recent launch of Ujala Fabric Conditioner 
and encouraging early feedback, we are optimistic about the Post Wash category's future. Gross 
margins in Fabric Care also include year-on-year. 
Dish wash grew at 3.1% in Q4 and 3.7% for the year with strong double digit volume growth in 
both bars and liquids. Despite healthy volume growth, lower average realization due to 
promotions largely impacted margins during this year. Personal Care faced challenges, declining 
8.8% in Q4 and 0.9 for the year, impacted by inflation and a high base. 
Our new Jovia Beauty Soap is gaining market access. However, weakness in the Margo franchise 
weighed on overall performance this year. We have initiated focused efforts to revitalize Margo 
Neem Natural and the variants through enhanced communication and visibility. While selective 
price hikes were taken, lower volumes and higher input costs affected gross margins in this 
category. With promising consumer feedback and ongoing brand efforts, we expect a better 
performance in FY'26. 
Household insecticides declined 4.8% in Q4 and 6.5% for the year. However, our liquid 
vaporizers registered healthy volume led double digit profitable growth. We are working to 
sustain and accelerate this momentum. Coils are structurally declining category, continue to de-
grow for us as well. We are taking decisive steps to minimize near-term losses in this category 
and eliminate them in the medium to long term. 
To enhance our HI portfolio, we recently launched Maxo-Aerosol and Maxo Electric Racquet. 
These additions move us closer to offering a complete product range and also help improve 
overall portfolio margins. Early market response has been positive though these products have 
lower salience compared to coils and LVs. 
Now, I will request our CFO – Pawan to take us through the financial performance of the 
company. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thanks, Jyothy and a very good afternoon to all of you. For the quarter ended 31st March 2025, 
consolidated revenue from operations stood at Rs. 667 crore, a 1.1% value growth and 4% 
volume growth year-on-year. The gap between volume and value growth is due to higher 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
branches and promotional price offs in select categories. The gross margin for Quarter 4 was 
49.2%, down 30 bps YoY, reflecting continued input cost pressures. 
We implemented selective price increases in Fabric Care, Personal Care and HI segments during 
the quarter and will calibrate pricing based on future market trends and cost trends. Advertising 
and sales promotion spends were at 8% in Quarter 4, slightly lower year-on-year, calibrated in 
response to macroeconomic conditions. However, our commitment to long-term brand building 
remains intact as reflected in our annual A&P spends. 
Operating EBITDA margin for Quarter 4 improved to 16.8% from 16.4% last year aided by 
prudent cost management despite the input cost headwinds. For the full year FY'25, we delivered 
3.3% value growth and 6.4% volume growth. Fabric Care and Dish wash segments grew in both 
value and volume while HI and Personal Care revenue saw declines of 6.5% and 0.9% 
respectively. 
Gross margin improved by 100 bps to 50.1%. A&P spend was 8.4% of revenue versus 8.3% last 
year. Other expenses rose marginally by 20 bps to 12.7%. EBITDA grew from Rs. 480 crores to 
Rs. 500 crores with a margin improvement of 20 bps to 17.5. PAT rose marginally to a little 
lower Rs. 370 crores. The effective tax rate for Quarter 4 was 22.4% without considering the tax 
related to earlier periods. 
On a full year basis, the effective tax rate was nearly 23% without considering the tax related to 
earlier periods, slightly higher than the last year's 22%. We expect ETR to remain in the range 
of 23%-24% in the next year as well. Working capital increased in FY'25 due to higher inventory 
and receivables, partly driven by elevated raw material prices, growing share of modern trade 
and institutional business in total revenue and a strategic move to address evolving market needs. 
As a result, our net working capital cycle stood at 18 days as of March end. We continue to 
remain debt-free with a robust cash balance of exceeding Rs. 750 crore. 
Now, let me briefly touch upon the divestment of our stake in overseas subsidiary, that is Jyothy 
Kallol Bangladesh Limited, JKBL. Our decision to divest our 75% stake in JKBL, subject to 
regulatory approvals, was taken after careful consideration. Despite more than a decade of 
efforts, JKBL has not yielded the desired results and has stretched management bandwidth 
without proportionate returns. With stronger opportunities within India and in export markets 
such as Middle East and Southeast Asia, the board found it prudent to sell our stake to our JV 
partner, Kallol Enterprise Limited, for a consideration of Rs. 2.1 crore. This transaction has led 
to a loss of around Rs. 4 crore which is shown under the head exceptional items in Quarter 4 as 
well as in FY'25. So March 25, 2025 onwards, JKBL is no longer the subsidiary of the company. 
The board has recommended a final dividend of Rs. 3.5 per share for FY'25 after reviewing our 
cash generation dividend track record and future growth prospects, both organic and inorganic. 
Last but not the least, I would like to thank you for your continued trust and support, we remain 
focused on delivering consistent, sustainable, profitable and capital efficient growth and long-

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
term value creation. With this, I conclude my opening remarks and we will be happy to answer 
any questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Vishal Gutka from ASK Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Hi, team. A couple of questions on my side. I just wanted to check on liquid detergent piece. 
First question, a very basic question. What is the contribution of detergent liquid to fabric care 
because you've tripled the sales now. If you can just quantify the amount of percentage terms. 
Second question was on what I've garnered from my channel checks is it suggested that it is very 
much cheaper to set up a liquid detergent units versus setting up a powder unit. If it is true or 
not, what they do or inside on the same. And third question is on the Morelight brand. So 
Morelight historically is in a BTL based brand. What do you see in terms of Godrej Fab where 
because of mass media advertising, they've been able to create a phenomenal revenue of around 
Rs. 60 crores. So do we think there is a need to change our strategy if yes, given that in terms of 
quality, I believe more or less here similar only. So any change in stance possible for Morelight? 
Thank you. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thanks, Vishal. As far as your first question is concerned, the detergent liquid all I can tell you 
is that it is growing very rapidly for us quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year for the quarter, for the 
year on all the time zones, the growth has been quite impressive. But in terms of exact 
percentage, I am afraid it will be difficult for us to share. As far as Morelight and Fab comparison 
is concerned, Jyothy would you like to speak? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So right now, we have no change in strategy. We will continue with the way it is. For us, the 
liquid detergents under the brand Morelight has been doing pretty well and we will focus in the 
similar strategy going forward for some more time. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
And what was your another question Vishal? 
Vishal Gutka: 
I just wanted to check what I garner from my check is that it is much more cheaper, the CAPEX 
required for setting up a liquid detergent plant is cheaper than setting up a detergent powder 
plant. Is this true or not? Just wanted to throw your thoughts on this one. I don't know one of the 
additional reasons for increased competitive intensity in the liquid detergent space. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
See from our side, we have right now sufficient capacity for detergent liquid, powder both. As 
far as investment required for setting up a liquid plant compared to detergent powder, I would 
not be able to comment upon it because we do not have the need and we have not looked into it 
from that perspective as of now. 
Vishal Gutka: 
But any greenfield plant in case you have to put up, will it be cheaper or will it be similar only? 
There is no material difference in terms of cost. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Pawan Agarwal: 
More or less should be similar but as I said, we did not face that situation so we have not 
evaluated in that sense. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. And just last question on HI. So I think HI has made approximately Rs. 25 crore losses 
at EBIT level in FY'25. I got the strategy that increasing salience of liquids will help to improve 
the overall profitability. Can we expect breakeven '26 or it will be difficult? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So as we indicated in our opening remarks also our strategies to improve. As far as coil is 
concerned, it's a declining category and obviously within that, we are trying our best whatever 
best we can do, but at least the objective is that we shouldn't be losing money over there. So we 
have already taken a number of initiatives inside the company and the early signs are visible, 
green shoots are in coil. We are supporting and we are aggressively promoting the LV category 
both on the A&P side as well as the market schemes etc. So LV is profitable, it is growing 
handsomely for us and this growth momentum is likely to continue going forward. So at a 
portfolio level HI, think FY'26 should be better compared to FY'25 and the losses as you rightly 
pointed out already you can see that the margin level, segmental profit level already the Rs. 9 – 
Rs. 9.5 crore loss reduction is visible this year. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Right, right, great. Wishing all the best, team. Thank you. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you, Vishal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi, ma'am. First question is on ad spend. There's a reduction in YoY this quarter. So what are 
your thoughts? Because typically, even in periods of extreme inflation, unlike other FMCG 
companies, we have not cut our ad spend. We have suffered in terms of EBITDA margin in the 
short run. But then when the input costs have come down, we have sort of recovered that. So 
that has been our strategy in the past. But this quarter we see a cut. So is it just I am reading in 
too much into a one quarter number? What is the way going ahead? And for FY'26 ad spend to 
sales ratio, what are you planning to target? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So you are right, I think for Quarter 4, you should not take it as any precedence. I mean, this is 
one of those quarters where we have to recalibrate some of things. But overall, directionally, 
8.5% to 9% is what we continue to invest behind our brands. And that trend is likely to continue 
in the near to medium term. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. Secondly, I just wanted to understand this volume value gap of 2%-3% that we are facing. 
This is despite the inflationary scenario in soaps. So just wanted to understand what is driving 
that? I understand that in detergents, yes, there has been a price cut by the market leader as well. 
So there is obviously some response from your end, which is likely? But this volume value gap 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
is there now since a couple of quarters, I mean, even before the detergent price cuts by the market 
leader happened. So what is the reason for this and how do we look at this going ahead? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thanks for this question. It is a great question. In the last call also, you would remember that 
there was a question around these lines. And I had responded that at least in the foreseeable 
future, there is likely to be a gap between volume and value because for competitive intensity 
across segments, whether it is fabric care or dish wash, extra grammages which are being offered, 
promotional offers etc., but the gap between volume and value would probably settle down at 
this point of time the way we see it, probably at between 2%-3%. But again it is a function of 
how market reacts and accordingly we will have to take certain steps. So this is likely to continue 
in the near term. 
Percy Panthaki: 
But will this not anniversarize? I mean, when do you see this anniversarizing and therefore on a 
YoY basis it would cease to exist even if there is no further price cut? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
See, in the near term, I think it is likely to be quite intense. The competition is quite intense. But 
eventually, I think, couple of percentage point difference between volume and value is likely to 
be there. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay, so I am just trying to understand where your profit growth will come from, because if 
basically I have a negative pricing, which is sort of putting pressure on the topline, very unlikely 
that you will sort of do a high single digit kind of value growth this year, which was the 
expectation earlier. And if you are falling short on the topline, do you think we can sort of see a 
margin expansion so that at least the EBITDA or EPS growth is in double digit or you think 
that's probably a little too much to ask for this year? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Again, the first half of the year I think is as of now is looking a bit difficult, but second half we 
expect it to be better than first half. Second point is that the price increases that we have to take 
the entire set of actions are not complete. We have taken some price increase across categories, 
but the full impact is yet to be seen so that is going to be there. First half, obviously there would 
be pressure on the topline growth as well as a little bit of stress perhaps in the margin side, 
EBITDA margin, but second half, we expect the topline as well as bottom-line to be better. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So what will change in the second half? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
See demand situation, we are expecting to improve; b, some of the price increases that we are 
going to take that will start showing result because it takes 2 months to 2.5 months to get into 
the P&L. So these things are going to help us in terms of topline. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right sir. Last question from me is that see 2, 3 years ago, we had taken significant company 
specific initiatives. So we had taken Exo at Rs. 5. We had done a big distribution expansion. We 
had improved the quality of the distribution. We had decided to play all 4 brands in the detergent 
space. We had launched variants of Margo. So there was a plethora of all these initiatives taken 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
which gave us good growth. Now those initiatives are a couple of years old and the benefits from 
them have started to taper. So what are the new initiatives from your side which will drive the 
growth in the future? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
See, you are right. A number of initiatives were taken and including the distribution expansion 
which is also continuing but obviously the pace definitely would have to be moderated 
depending on the distribution expansion we have already done over the past 3-4 years, but while 
we were helping or we are reaping the benefits of steps that we have taken in the past, 
simultaneously last 2 years we have been working on NPDs also. Now, you will see the loans of 
NPDs, you have already seen in Quarter 4 and in this financial year, you will see more of NPD 
launches across categories. That is the pipeline for future growth. Of course, all of us know that 
whatever NPDs you launch, everything does not click, but that fact has been well built into our 
plan and accordingly for the rest of the year, the NPDs are planned which will set the base for 
future year's growth. Of course organic growth will continue. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it, got it. That's all from me. Thanks and all the best. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes, hi, good evening. On HI, you mentioned that coil is the defocus area because of profitability 
issues there. But you know, there is also the segment where conversion is happening into incense 
stick, which at least market leader is trying to improve the profitability of that segment. So I just 
wanted to understand, since it is not in your deck, I know you have a product but not in your 
deck recently. You know, what is your thought process on that, at least in the near to medium 
term, can that be a bridge for you to stem kind of volume declines in HI? I know focus is on LV, 
but just a thought because that's a tactic space that seems to be also growing at a fairly good clip. 
Just wanted your thoughts on that? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thanks, Harit. As I already indicated to you HI strategy, where we are headed, certainly we are 
cognizant of the incense stick market and the growth opportunities which exist over there and 
the necessary work is happening at an appropriate time, the street will get to know what exactly 
we are going to do. Racquet and Aerosol we have already launched so that helps us manage the 
segmental margin, the portfolio margin, it helps us and LV as I said, we are growing profitably. 
So a combination of all these three factors plus loss minimization in coil will certainly help us 
deliver a very different performance of the HI segment in the coming quarters. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it, Pawan. And second thing was on the working capital bit, so your presentation suggests 
that the numbers of days have gone up from 5 to 18. As you mentioned, part of it is due to RM 
inventory, part of it is generally maybe a little structured. So do we expect this number to kind 
of settle somewhere in between the FY'24 and FY'25 number because part of it would be, I am 
assuming part of it is structured if it's a channel mix? 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Pawan Agarwal: 
15 to 20 days, historically also if you see except March 24 which was an aberration, 15 to 20 
days working capital is the norm that we can expect going forward. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And third thing was on soaps. You have seen a situation, so personal care over the last 3 
quarters, you have seen a declining value growth trend. I just wanted to know your view on when 
do you see the market normalizing with price increases and changes in pack sizes, etc. Is that 
also you believe a second half thing or that can be sooner, say maybe Quarter 2 or something 
like that? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, I think personal care, we are not quite happy with our performance. Let me admit that. You 
are right, last year we had a supernatural year in terms of if you look at all the 4 quarters, it was 
exceptionally high growth that we delivered while the industry wasn't delivering that kind of 
growth in personal care. And also we had the effect of new Neem Natural which was getting 
rolled out throughout the year. Now this year of course last 3 quarters, your observation is right. 
Neem Natural initial placement etc. helped higher growth numbers in the previous year. Original 
Neem was also doing very well, double digit growth in the previous year. But we have seen kind 
of slowdown this year, especially in the last 2, 3 quarters. Price increases obviously we haven't 
taken to the extent we should have taken, but those actions will be taken going forward. And we 
are also paying special attention in terms of our marketing strategy on the Margo franchise 
completely. So I think the April, May, June, and July period should show some good signals in 
this category. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Disha Giria from Ashika Institutional Equity. 
Please go ahead. 
Disha Giria: 
So my question is regarding the Rs. 757 crore cash balance that we have. So are we considering 
any inorganic growth opportunities or any shareholder wealth maximization opportunities? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So Disha, the cash balance that we carrying on the balance sheet, the board is cognizant of it. 
We have a great growth opportunity in front of us, both organically and inorganically. So the 
board feels that we should be holding on to cash at this moment and at an appropriate time 
suitable actions will be taken which will help us utilize this cash. 
Disha Giria: 
Okay, yes, that's it for my end. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Senthil Manikandan from ithought 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions on the liquid detergent side. So we are 
seeing a lot of sachet-based liquid detergents coming into the market. So any insights on this? 
Do you see over the next 3 to 5 years, liquid detergent forming a majority of the market? And if 
that happens, any structural level changes can we expect from the market share perspective? So 
that's it from me. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So on the liquid detergent, you see the dominance is there in the Southern India and especially 
in Tamil Nadu which is the biggest market in Southern India and followed with other four states 
Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka. Now the shift is happening, especially in 
Kerala, we have noticed that there is a shift from powder to detergent liquid which is happening 
at a very good pace. And also to induce consumers to move from powder to liquid, there's a lot 
of trials which are happening actually. So that is why you see lot of these sachets in the market. 
So as of now, liquid detergents are growing. I think it is growing reasonably well for us. And it 
is too early to comment on which way this is going to settle down. But in the near term, I think 
the growth is likely to continue in detergent liquids. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
So just a follow up in terms of our market position and market standing. So when there is a shift 
from powder to liquid, how are we positioning our brands and can we expect a much better kind 
of execution and share going forward? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
See, as you mentioned in our opening remarks also, our Ujala detergent powder, we have gained 
market share in Kerala and that continues to be a strong hold for us. Other detergent powders 
are also doing well across different regions in the country. Liquid detergent, as I mentioned, 
South is the dominant market, and we are well placed across 5 states and we are doing very good 
in Kerala and some of the other states and this growth momentum will continue in the near term. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumanyu Saraf from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumanyu Saraf: 
Some of my questions have been answered. My first question is on gross margins. So your gross 
margins have been pretty good, which have been declining recently. So is the benefit of forward 
cover, which you had in some of the raw materials over and how do you see gross margins going 
ahead? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
As I mentioned, I cannot delve too much deep into category level margins etc. But as I hinted 
at, some of the strategic moves that we make keeping the market realities in mind. So in whether 
it is in terms of sourcing raw material, whether holding finished goods inventory, producing and 
holding finished goods inventory, all these things are long term, a relatively higher coverage, we 
use all these levers, anticipate and use these levers to handle our gross margin. 
Sumanyu Saraf: 
Okay. So like, do you see it compressing or I mean, okay, basically it's an ongoing thing. So I 
mean, some benefits should flow through in the coming quarters? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Range bound, at a high level, I would say the gross margin would remain range bound. We do 
not expect it to be materially different from what we are seeing right now. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Sumanyu Saraf: 
Okay. And in this quarter, we saw you reducing your ad spend and other expenses. So I mean 
any change in guidance of your EBITDA margin, it only remains at around 16% to 17%. So that 
is the sustainable margin? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Sorry, please go ahead. 
Sumanyu Saraf: 
No, so basically what are the sustainable margin levels? Because as you said this quarter, I think 
your expenses were significantly reduced as percentage to sales. So going forward, I think that 
would not be the case. You had also alluded that. So your guidance on operating margins remains 
the same 16% to 17%? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
See for the next year as I indicated as of now we believe H2, we should be able to deliver 
EBITDA margin between 16% and 17%. H1, still it is stressful the early signals that we are 
getting from the market, the demand side is not very encouraging at least in the month of April. 
So there could be a couple of quarters margin pressure here and there and it's not going to be 
significantly high, but there could be marginal pressure. But net-net directionally if you ask me, 
I think 16 and 17 is the direction in which we are driving the business. 
Sumanyu Saraf: 
What tax rate is expected for FY'26-'27? Will it be 23%? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Sorry, could you repeat the question please? 
Sumanyu Saraf: 
Yes, what is the expected tax rate for FY'26-'27? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
The same as I indicated 23% and 24%, between 23% and 24%. 
Sumanyu Saraf: 
So just one last question. As your current contribution of LUPs to overall sales is increasing, are 
they putting a pressure on your operating margins? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Your audio unfortunately is not very clear. Can you repeat the question please? 
Sumanyu Saraf: 
Yes. As your contribution of LUPs to overall sales is increasing, is this putting pressure on your 
operating margins? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
LUP again is there's no standard percentage which applies across categories. It varies from 
category to category, segment to segment. The LUP portion could be as low as 5% to 10% and 
as high as 25% to 30%. So it varies across categories and we are handling it understanding the 
nature of the category and the type of, the percentage of LUP contribution in that category sale. 
So net-net, we do not see major impact on the margin of the company, but of course some of the 
categories like dish wash which is quite sensitive, to some extent personal care also where the 
LUP plays a dominant role. So extra grammages etc. particularly influences the category margin. 
So we are aware of that and we calibrate our approach accordingly. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Sumanyu Saraf: 
Understood, sir. Thank you and best of luck. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Gutka from ASK Investment Manager. 
Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Hi team, great. Just wanted to check on the indirect reach. I think it has gone up by 8 lakh outlets 
during the year. So it seems that wholesale acceptance of a product has gone up substantially. 
Just wanted to check from you what additional steps are we taking to further improve the salience 
of wholesale given that increasing direct reach is a very high cost exercise. And second question 
is on the new brand that you launched, Ujala Young & Fresh. I checked the suggestion, it has 
seen a very, very good response from the trade. So I believe there is a good chance it could be 
scaled up in a very meaningful manner. So I think anything that you would like to highlight 
about this brand, Young & Fresh, I think in the fabric condition space for the launch. Thank you. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Vishal, yes, we are happy that our overall reach both in direct and indirect have gone up. It is 
also to do with a lot of brand acceptance that happening across dish wash and our other 
portfolios. So while our direct reach also we have increased by a lakh this year. So all of this and 
certain other activities which we continued to do that has helped us in increasing it and going 
forward you should be able to see much more indirect reach that's going to happen. So we are 
overall happy with the way things have turned out at least in the distribution space from a future 
point of view. Young & Fresh, yes, it's the initial launch and yes, the feedback has been good. 
Now, again, this category sells more in the South comparatively, like your liquid detergent. So 
right now, it is at a very small pace, but we will soon catch up pace going forward. Right now, 
it is testing and the initial feedback both from retailers and consumers have been encouraging. 
But we will have to see for a year to exactly say where the brand is, but have high hopes on that. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. Thanks. And madam, any guidance you would like to give on volume front? I can 
understand revenue and profit would be difficult for you. So volume front, what are you guiding 
for FY'26? Are we targeting high single-digit volume growth for FY'26? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
See, volume growth, again, in the first half of the year, I think it will be mid single digit. But the 
next half of the year, we are optimistic about hitting double digit, at least toward the end of the 
year. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi, sir. You mentioned that you have started recently some price increases in some of the 
categories. So just was confused because typically when the commodity cost goes down and 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
most of your cost would be linked to crude, which is actually coming down. So at that time, 
typically in the industry, there are no price increases which happen. So can you give an idea in 
which categories the price increases are happening and what is the reason behind the same given 
that the input costs are trending downwards? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
I don't know from where you're getting the sense that input prices are coming down, at least from 
our perspective, the key inputs whether it is LABSA, it is soap noodles or SLES, these important 
raw materials, they are all showing an upward trend whether it is quarter 3 to Quarter 4, Quarter 
4 versus last year Quarter 4 and even in the current period, current quarter we see an upward 
trend. In fact soap noodle prices year-on-year basis is 30%-40 % up, SLES is 40% up, still 12%-
15% increase we are seeing in SLES. So there is an input pricing pressure at least from our 
perspective and in personal care, as I mentioned we did not take full price increase for the period 
in Quarter 4 and also in fabric care and in HI, in coil, we have taken some price increase, we are 
going to take some more depending upon the requirement because coconut shell powder again 
is going up. So we are seeing increase in input prices. So that is the background for our price 
increase. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. So soap prices are going up. That is well known on the back of palm inflation. But 
that's a relatively small part of your portfolio. The larger part, which is detergents, where 
basically it's mainly crude derivatives and dish wash also. Do you see an inflation there as well? 
And secondly, the price increases which you're talking about, those price increases are mainly 
in soaps or have you taken in other apart from soaps and coils, is there anything else also where 
you have seen a price increase? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So, Percy, it is like you said your soaps yes, it is to an extent it is there, and it may later maybe 
come down a bit, but your LABSA and your SLES is on the rise and it will continue I think till 
Q3, Q4 till at least Q3 I guess. So it's on an upward trend. It's nowhere coming down. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Noodle prices may probably come down at the end of quarter 1 or early Quarter 2, but others 
are, we are not seeing any signal of coming down of prices in other commodities. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Which has a direct impact on your fabric care and dish wash, both. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it, got it. But then it's very surprising that in a situation where input prices are on the higher 
side, basically your implied pricing at overall portfolio level is negative. So how do I reconcile 
these 2 things? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Come again Percy. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So I am saying in a situation where your overall input prices are seeing an inflation, your overall 
product prices as evidenced by the volume value gap are seeing a deflation. So how do I reconcile 
these two things? 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Pawan Agarwal: 
See average realization in dish wash has come down because of the higher grammages, a little 
bit of impact is also visible in fabric care and these two factors and also now in personal care 
also, we have seen some impact over there. Now with the price increases, we are going to correct 
some of the gaps. It is a function of competition again. You know the kind of competitive moves 
which are happening in the market and we are observing them, watching it and then we are 
reacting to it. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it sir. Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavdeep Vora from Franklin Templeton Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Bhavdeep Vora: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. My question is regarding the liquid detergent. Could you 
share some data, like, so how big is this category, maybe if not at pan-India level, at least in 
South India, or maybe the states of Tamil Nadu? What would be the kind of the breakdown 
between say powder and liquid detergent today if some idea around that would be helpful? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
See, I mean these are our estimates. We believe that the washing powder and liquid detergent 
put together would be about Rs. 34,000-35,000 crore category, growing at about 6%-7% put 
together. Within that liquid detergent would be roughly 3000-3200 kind of category size which 
is growing at about 20%-25% year-on-year. That's our assessment. 
Bhavdeep Vora: 
Okay, fair enough. Thanks for that. Just a follow up on that point. So, you kind of you mentioned 
that we have seen a fairly strong growth in the liquid detergent. I don't know whether you 
quantified the numbers, maybe I think 25% for the South India or something. But just when I 
was looking at the full year numbers, so, this year the EBIT margin for the home care, the fabric 
care has basically declined. So is it that this category is a bit margin dilutive at the moment or is 
it just a function of the overall competitive pressure in the industry? Maybe your comments on 
that would be helpful. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Sure, that's a very important observation. The overall fabric care margin in segmental, you see a 
slight decline from 24.2% to 23.6% this year. But within fabric care, we have main wash. Within 
main wash, we have detergent powder, we have detergent liquid, we have detergent bars, and 
then obviously in post wash, we have Ujala Supreme, Ujala Crisp & Shine and all of that. So 
mix plays a very important role because in terms of margin hierarchy, each of these subcategories 
carry a different margin profile and also the EBIT margin that you see is also is a function of our 
A&P spend. So we should not be reading too much in terms of the slight decline that you see in 
FY'25, but on a sustainable basis, I think fabric care margins are sustainable between 23%-24%. 
Bhavdeep Vora: 
Sure, so is it fair to assume that the liquid detergent is not margin dilutive? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, as of now it is, it is very much it is margin dilutive but again it's a growing segment but a 
small portion of the total portfolio. Liquid detergent certainly is not the best of margins that we 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
would love to have, but I think these are early times everybody including us everybody is trying 
to grow the market, but eventually the liquid detergent margin would converge to detergent 
powder margin in medium to long-term. 
Bhavdeep Vora: 
Okay, thanks. That's it from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as our last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you for your interest in Jyothy Labs. If there are any questions that we couldn't address 
today or if you need any further clarity, please feel free to reach out to me. Thank you so much. 
Wishing you all a pleasant evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Jyothy Labs Limited and ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
