 
 
Craftsman Automation Limited 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 
Corporate Office: 
  
 
123/4, Sangothipalayam Road,  
No.1087, 4th & 5th Floor, Krishna Towers, 
 Tel + 91 422 71 610 00 
 
Arasur Post, Coimbatore – 641 407  
Avinashi Road, Coimbatore - 641037 
fax + 91 422 71 612 34 
 
Tamil Nadu, India 
Tamil Nadu, India 
info@craftsmanautomation.com 
          CIN NO:    L28991TZ1986PLCO01816 
 
 
www.craftsmanautomation.com 
          GST NO:                33AABCC2461K1ZW 
 
12th May, 2025 
 
To 
 
The Manager - Listing,  
The Manager - Listing, 
BSE Limited,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Rotunda Building, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Bandra Kurla Complex ,  
Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543276 
Stock Code: CRAFTSMAN  
   
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Audited Financial 
Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter and financial year 
ended 31st March, 2025; 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and our intimation and 
outcome letter dated 19th April, 2025 and 8th May, 2025 respectively, we are enclosing 
herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call organized on Thursday, the 8th 
May, 2025 at 4.00 P.M. (IST) on the Audited Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated) for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call will be uploaded on the website of the 
Company at www.craftsmanautomation.com.   
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the 
same on your respective websites. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
for CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
Shainshad Aduvanni  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
Shainshad 
Aduvanni
Digitally signed by 
Shainshad Aduvanni 
Date: 2025.05.12 
17:10:06 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED 
 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 8th May, 2025  
for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2025 
 
This document might contain forward-looking statements which involve a number of risks, uncertainties 
and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking 
statements. We do not intend or assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, which 
speaks only as of the date on which it is made. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call of 
Craftsman Automation Limited. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the opening remarks are concluded. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*,” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi – Chairman and Managing 
Director of Craftsman Automation Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Ravi. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to the Earnings Call for FY25 and I hope you 
had time to look into the PowerPoint presentation which has been put on the website 
and also on the stock exchanges so that it will make it easy for the Q&A. So, straight 
away we can start with the Q&A is what I would propose. 
 
But meantime, let me give one headlines while you prepare your Q&A is that the 
guidance given during the last quarter earnings call for the first time for FY26, we have 
given Rs.7,000 crores top line and Rs.1,100 crores EBITDA levels and a wide range of 
say Rs.500 crores to Rs.700 crores EBIT, we have already reached Rs.512 crores EBIT 
in the current year itself. So, we are expecting in the region of Rs.650 crores to Rs.700 
crores EBIT going forward in the next financial year because the depreciation will be 
around Rs.450 crores. So, the guidance remains intact in spite of whatever is happening 
in the geopolitical situation and the tariffs. So, we are quite insulated, and we are 
ramping up quite well to sustain whatever the numbers we have given. 
 
So, we will go to the Q&A directly. Yes, please. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Mukesh from Anand Rathi Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Mukesh: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Mukesh here from Anand Rathi. Sir, firstly, just if you can help us on the 
few data points for the quarter, what was the two-wheeler alloy wheel revenues and 
EBIT and also similar for the Sunbeam Q4 EBIT and EBITDA? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, the alloy wheel is in the region of close to Rs.40 crores for Q4 and we were 
EBITDA-neutral and EBIT negative of around Rs.5 crores for alloy wheel. And one more 
quarter we may be giving the breakup on the alloy wheel, once we are on the green 
side, I think we will not give the break up for strategic reasons. But, yes, the operational 
breakeven has happened with almost a Rs.40 crores revenue. And Sunbeam revenue 
for Q4, around Rs.300 crores is the revenue. 
 
Mukesh: 
And EBIT, EBITDA, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, that is the one-time some subjects are there, which is leading to Rs.23 crores 
EBITDA. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
Mukesh: 
Rs.23 crores EBITDA-positive, right, sir, for the quarter? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. 
 
Mukesh: 
Got it, sir. Good to see the improvement in the standalone margin. Sir, particularly in 
the powertrain segment we have seen improvement this quarter. What led to the 
improvement there? And also can you update how the Kothavadi plant order book is 
shaping up for the heavy engines and for the FY26 and '27, how do you see the revenue 
trends there? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Powertrain in the beginning, except the last quarter, I think for the last maybe almost 
18 months, we went through quite a modernization program, repair and maintenance, 
which was hitting the expenses I would say, that is one thing. The second thing is the 
operating leverage was quite less, capacity utilization was quite less across the old 
lines. New lines also were not ramping up. The customers were slow. So, now overall 
slight improvement in the operating leverage has happened. That is helping us totally. 
There has been from the multinational companies who set up plants in India they have 
started to produce with the one- or two-years delay, I would say. And there is some 
slight revival in the farm sector and a slight revival in the commercial vehicle sector and 
whatever is the downside we had experiencing in the many quarters that has more or 
less stabilized now, so that nothing more and whatever we are able to utilize the plants 
slightly better and optimize our cost. These margins will be sustained or improved 
depending on the quarter of the next financial year, but for the full financial year, we can 
expect a better result on the powertrain, i.e., accumulative result even when compared 
to the Q4 result. So, the margins will creep up just like the period before we did this 
massive correction on the powertrain. So, any questions on the fundamental powertrain 
business, then I will come to the new powertrain business. 
 
Mukesh: 
Yes, this is fine, sir. You can go ahead for the new business. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, the new business now, our motive or whatever is the strategy behind the powertrain 
business was, we were so heavily dependent on commercial vehicle earlier, very 
reasonable extent on farm sector and also construction equipment and that was the 
reason and little on the passenger vehicle segment. So, all that continues to be the 
mainstay, but now our growth is going to come from not only the revival of these 
segments, but also from the stationary engine side. We expect the first revenues to 
come in, in FY27 not in '26. In '26, it will be there, the order book is filling up, but the 
development cycle time is around 18 to 24 months. So, we will not see any three-digit 
revenue, the three-digit revenue will only come in FY27 on the new powertrain business. 
But as I mentioned, I think it will peak in 2029, 2030 for $100 million revenue for this 
business. So, for that, the phase - I of Kothavadi plant is ready and it has become 
operational in Q1. So, we will see some revenue generated from this plant. And the 
machine shop for machining the large engine blocks are also ready, and already trials 
are going on for various customers, orders are in place. So, you may appreciate these 
are very few companies in the world are doing this as a Tier 1 supplier. The OEMs are 
normally manufacturing them in-house and I would say less than 10 suppliers across 
the globe, including China are there for this sort of activity and there was a limited 
capacity. So, we have a global capability and global capacity now after the acquisition 
of Fronberg Foundry. And in Europe also, on the foundry side also there are less than 
half a dozen foundries who are operational for these large engine blocks and two or 
three in the North American region and two or three in China. So, we are in exclusive 
league in the foundry outside the OEMs themselves. As I mentioned, OEMs are also 
running their own foundries, and the machining, and now because of the massive 
increase in demand for the data centers, backup power and mainstream power also is 
being used by these generators, the order books for these companies are quite full for 
the next three, four years. So, we will see significant growth and that is also prompting 
outsourcing, but whatever is said and done, the gestation period is very long. We started 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
preparing in 2020 for this project and we made it public only in the annual report last 
year and now with the order book full, I'm confident about this Rs.800 crores revenue 
coming in 2029 or 2030. 
 
Mukesh: 
Got it, sir. You mentioned in past the margin for the segment can be very good for the 
heavy engines part. I just want to understand, I mean this will be more-accretive than 
the current margins or how do you see the range of the margin for this business, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, the current business, you may be aware that we are not backward integrated, and 
we have excellent top notch foundry partners who are leaders in India and also the 
OEMs themselves, three of the OEMs in India, major OEM's are running their own 
foundries where we are getting the casting from. So, it's a mixture of job work and also 
we buy the castings from our foundry partners. So, it is an assorted margin what you're 
seeing on the current powertrain business whereas the new powertrain business for the 
larger engines, yes, it will start also with the sort of job work activity, but the castings 
are not being produced in India, 95% of them, there is only one or two small suppliers 
here. So, we are getting the castings from Europe and US to start with for the activity 
in 2027, while we ramp up our foundry capacity here with the prove out also, the 
castings must be validated. So, when we are supplying this material, it looks like as if 
the margins will be lower than the conventional powertrain business, but I can assure 
you that the margins are in line with the current powertrain business as in formula wise 
how we calculate. When we are buying the castings from elsewhere there cannot be a 
margin on the castings, but we make our castings, it will be there, but the margin on the 
castings surely it will be slightly lower than the machining because machining is a value 
addition, there is no material cost involved. So, it optically look like a higher margin. So, 
on the blended average we are on par with whatever we are currently doing. 
 
Mukesh: 
Got it. Sir, thank you so much for the answers. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Jain from AlfAccurate. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the strong set of numbers, sir. Sir, my first 
question is on the aluminum side. So, on Sunbeam, how the quarterly run rate of 
revenue and EBITDA margin would be in for 26? So, in this quarter we have done 
around Rs.300 crores kind of the numbers and EBITDA is around 6% to 7%. So, how 
this revenue and EBITDA would be in at the end of FY26? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, Q1 will be weak, Q2 will be strong, Q3 will be weak, Q4 will be the most strong on 
both on the revenue and EBITDA numbers. So, there are three, four factors. The plant 
shifting from Gurgaon to Bhiwadi will be completed by Q2 latest I would say. So, there 
will be consolidation happening in Q3. So, in Q4, the operating leverage at Bhiwadi will 
set in and the cost optimization also will set in and also manpower rationalization will 
be completed in Q4, also peak revenue will be generated in Q4. So, on a blended 
average we can say between 8% to 10% EBITDA is what we expect for the full financial 
year, but Q1 will be quite muted. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
And what would be the peak revenue in FY26 if we assume? In last quarter you have 
done around Rs.300 crores. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
As a whole, I think yes, we are only guiding for around 1,200 crores only for the year. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
So, there would not be any increase in revenue? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No. See, we are on the consolidation mode, so we are not really taking any new 
business. And the new business, if we take it also, the revenue will not be coming in 
the financial year. You can appreciate that this company was getting into an insolvency 
situation. In that case, no new orders were given by customers, or new projects were 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
not going on. It is existing projects. So, I think it is more of stabilization, reorganization 
and consolidation which will happen in the coming year. So, that is where the margins 
will come. Whatever the other business of Craftsman by itself organically will be 
growing. DR Axion also will be growing in that segment. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
And on DR Axion side, what would be the peak revenue in FY 26 or FY 27 -- will it grow 
by 10% to 12% or it would be better because of this capacity expansion plan for the 
Hyundai? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, whenever we talk about whether Sunbeam, Craftsman, DR Axion, we have to take 
one thing into mind. There is always the question of commodity price aluminum. So, 
that will also change the top line a little. But I would say that between DR and Craftsman, 
Craftsman will be growing more than 20% CAGR for the next two years, that is FY26, 
FY27. That is on the organic side of the conventional business of Craftsman is also 
growing. Plus the alloy wheel is also adding to the revenue. On a blended average, 
overall we will be 20%-plus. We will have a double-digit growth on DR I would say on a 
CAGR basis. But I think 8% to 10% is realistic for FY26 and maybe slightly higher than 
10% in FY27, yes. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Okay, sir. And my last question is on the loan borrowing side. Now we have around 
Rs.1,900 Crores kind of debt in books. So, what is your deleveraging plan for the next 
two to three years? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, if you look at it, the cash run rate generation will be quite high even in the next 
financial year plus aided by possibly the land sale in Q3 or Q4 of Sunbeam, that will 
add around Rs.300 crores plus depending on that market value at that particular point 
of time. Our CAPEX guidance as a whole for a group will be only around Rs.750 crores 
to Rs.800 crores totally in that region. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Rs.750 crores in FY26? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, on a group level and group level EBITDA of upward of Rs.1,100 crores and a land 
sale of Rs.300 crores, depreciation is around Rs.450 crores, there will be some interest 
outflow. And for Sunbeam there will be no tax, but for DR and Craftsman, there will be 
taxes. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Okay. That's all from my side. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ram from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Ram: 
Hi, good afternoon. So, I wanted to understand your guidance on the alloy wheel 
revenue scale both at Bhiwadi and Hosur over the next couple of years? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The exact numbers I will not be able to give because still we are new in the business, 
but I think we have already given that number during the last earnings call itself on the 
alloy wheel. I think I may reiterate that number. Bhiwadi will be around Rs.300 crores 
plus for FY26 and Hosur will be around Rs.150 crores. This is as per the earlier earnings 
call. 
 
Ram: 
Okay, okay. And in Sunbeam, sir is exports an area that we are focusing on intensely. 
Can you talk about any new order wins there or issues that the company has -? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Sunbeam, as I mentioned, it was in an insolvency situation, so there was no order 
pipeline when we took over Sunbeam totally. So, it is the question of stabilization for 
the next one year before we get in any new order pipeline and that will get into any sort 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
of revenue only in FY27 and FY28 only. I think we are trying to leverage our operating 
leverage by consolidating our plant in Bhiwadi, Tapukara plant of Sunbeam is also 
hardly 10 minutes away from the Bhiwadi plant of Craftsman, the Gurgaon plant of 
Sunbeam is getting shifted to also Bhiwadi. So, this is giving operating leverage. So, it's 
a year of consolidation for Sunbeam. So, manpower also rationalization we mentioned 
there, the Union settlement is on and everything is on track as planned. So, we don't 
see any change in the strategy as we envisaged in the beginning of the deal. 
 
Ram: 
Good to hear, sir. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, thank you for giving the opportunity, Sir, my first question is if you can help with the 
utilization of various business segments currently for Q4? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think, yes, on the conventional powertrain business, we have touched around 70%-
odd. So, I think the upper limit will be 85% to 90% because of the seasonality as well 
as there will be some customers losing market share or they will have some inventory 
correction, which will happen. So, there is the headroom. So, I think I will not say 70, 
slightly below 70, very difficult to exactly put a number to it. Even in the aluminum side, 
we are at operating at around 70%, 75%, but the order book is quite strong. So, we 
need to increase CAPEX. We will quickly touch 80%, 85% by Q2 itself. So, by Q3, we 
need CAPEX for the new orders which is already there in the pipeline. 
 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, second question is on your CAPEX guidance of Rs.750 crores to Rs.800 crores at 
a group level. If you can split broadly in terms of standalone and just key two, three 
subsidiaries ballpark number? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think Rs.550 crores for Craftsman is what we expect in the current condition. Between 
Sunbeam and DR Axion, we will take it as it comes. We have just budgeted now and 
there is some repair and maintenance for a very old equipment at Fronberg, which may 
be around Rs.40 crores, Rs.50 crores, may be there, we're evaluating that. 
 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, the last question is in your initial remark you highlighted that there is no effect of 
tariff. So, any indirect impact wherever we are exporting and that again through any 
route goes to US or anything like that? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, you might not know, but we have been exporting for the last many, many years at 
Craftsman from FY 95 onwards. All the business what we do, we are either doing Ex 
Works or FOB, very rarely I think hardly 5% of the business may be CIF whatever 
exports we are doing at Craftsman. So, similarly for DR Axion, I think the only export is 
back to Korea that is also FOB or Ex Works… I don't remember exactly, it is not CIF. 
US exports as far as Sunbeam is concerned, it is negligible. It is more towards Mexico 
there. So, I think around 15%, 20% of Sunbeam's revenue is coming from exports. So, 
we don't have any impact on the tariff. Our products are a high value addition, and they 
mean a lot to the customer. And I think we are very competitive also. So, even if there 
is a tariff, they are willing to pay it and take it except one engineering customer, nobody 
has come and asked us for any price reduction on tariff, nobody has even contacted us 
on this matter. So, I don't see that as an impediment for future exports. 
 
Mitul Shah: 
Yes, sir. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Jain from AlfAccurate. 
Please go ahead. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on the guidance. In last quarter you have 
guided around Rs.7,000 crores of revenue and EBITDA would be around Rs.1,100 
crores and EBIT would be around Rs.700 crores. Do you maintain that guidance in this? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
In aluminum business, you said that the growth would be 20% CAGR where the DR 
Axion growth would be 10% to 12% and there will be incremental revenue from 
Sunbeam. Can you please comment on how the growth will come from the standalone 
element business? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, the Q4 aluminum revenue is the right picture because as you understand that 
Sunbeam was having only six months of consolidation. So, the Q4 revenue has been 
around Rs.1,000 crores overall. So, it will be more than Rs.4,000 crores for the year, 
even depending on the seasonality, it is more closer to Rs.4,500 I would say. In the 
previous year on the consolidated number, our revenue was Rs.2,150 crores is strictly 
not comparable totally. So, in FY 25, we look at the number of Rs.3,000-odd crores and 
we are already at a run rate of Rs.1,000 crores per quarter. So, overall our growth will 
be on a consolidated basis more than 30%, but it's not an apple-to-apple comparison, 
the realistic growth will be on a 20% level. 
 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
We can expect around Rs.4,200 crores, Rs.4,300 crores kind of the revenue and 35% 
to 40% kind of the revenue growth in the aluminum business? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. It's not comparable. Q4 has been Rs.1,000 crores. So, we will be anywhere 
between Rs.4,300 to Rs.4500 crores overall. So, that is what I was trying to say. It is 
not exactly apple-to-apple. On the standalone we will be more than 20% CAGR, on DR 
Axion we will be around 10%-odd, Sunbeam is not really growing in that sense, but the 
full year results will add to that number. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Okay, sir. And in the powertrain business, basically we have crossed around Rs.500 
crores kind of the revenue rate on a quarterly basis. So, can we expect that this run rate 
will continue in FY26? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. I think the worst is over for the powertrain. Our margins also will start creeping up 
with better operating leverage but depends on one quarter to another quarter there may 
be some changes, always Q1 will have some challenges, but we don't see much 
challenge this year, Q3 will be always a challenge. So, Q2 and Q4, we expect very 
strong quarters. So, overall, I think the run rate on the powertrain will continue to grow. 
It will have a double-digit growth for the current year. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
And in this quarter, there's a jump in the employee cost. So, just wanted to understand 
that any one-off like the other cost is attached in Q4 in employee cost? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, you're talking about consolidated number, right, not the standalone number? 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Yes. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, that is a one-off in Germany, yes, correct. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
How much that, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
That is Rs.4.5 crores that is there, yes. Because there is holiday, accounting, like 
Christmas holidays, bonuses, all those things because we formed a new company and 
taken over and we just bought the assets, so everything is in place now. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Is it like VRS? When will it be accretive? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Sorry, it's not a VRS, it is something like provisioning as per their expenses throughout 
the year, there is a leave holiday for August leave, there is Christmas holiday, bonuses 
which are there. So, for that we made. Because the new company and when you've 
taken over all the employees we have just made the provisioning totally. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
So, just I am saying that sir, you are also looking for some VRS in the Sunbeam also or 
others as well? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Sunbeam is on track for that. Yes, we will be settling the balance 500 people or 450-
odd people who are waiting for their VRS settlement once we are closing down the 
plant. But there is a customer approval required for the new plant, that is taking some 
more time, maybe a few months more, but we are on track. As of today, the Gurgaon 
plant almost 75% of the plant has been emptied for the machinery portion of it. Only 
25% of machinery are left. Even that we are ready to move. But tier 2 customers are 
okay, but the tier 1 customer, the OEMs, the passenger car manufacturers in North 
America, they need validation before they can move the production to the new site. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
What would be the quantum of the VRS expenses and it will be also added in the 
employee expenses? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It was already provisioned before we took over. There is nothing new. It was Rs.160 
crores settlement for 1,000-odd people, 500 people have left, paid and the balance was 
provisioned in the opening when we took over itself. So, there is no new provisioning 
will come up. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
We have already taken Rs.160 crores provisioning in Quarter 3 or Quarter 4? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
At opening balance itself, when you took over the company. What we need to 
understand is, we never paid anything for the company per se, it was infused into the 
company, it is not for buying any share. Shares are bought at Re.1. That is it. So, all 
the money what we have put into the company has gone into the company for the 
settlement of maybe some vendors and things like that. Even most of the liability of the 
banks were settled by the erstwhile owners and some of the bank liabilities was left 
behind which we funded was in lieu of the land sale of Gurgaon. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Okay. So, that means there would not be any VRS expenses? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No VRS expenses will hit the P&L in Sunbeam, everything was provisioned in the 
beginning itself. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Last question is on the other expenses. This has started to go down. So, I just wanted 
to understand what are the other cost control measures you are taking so that thee 
other expenses will come down in the coming quarters? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I didn't get the question. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Other expenses which has come down in Quarter 4 FY25 because in Quarter 3, there 
was some one-off – 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, because of this lot of M&A work we have done, we have taken over 24% of DR 
Axion, Sunbeam takeover, there was a Fronberg takeover, there is a lot of expenses 
we have incurred as one-time. 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Will it come down to 22% which used to be earlier like 21%, 22% in Quarter 2 or Quarter 
1? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, I think the absolute number will increase, as a percentage it will come down, yes, 
correct. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Abhishek K Jain: 
Okay. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thanks for taking the question again. Sir, in the segmental reporting, there is some line 
called others in the standalone business which is around Rs.148 crores. Just can you 
explain what is others in the standalone business, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, this is the one-time subject which has come on to two fronts. One is regarding some 
CAPEX which has incurred by Sunbeam, we had to buy the equipment, keep everything 
ready because Sunbeam was not ready at that level financially and we transferred the 
brand-new machines to them totally. So, for Sunbeam no profit, no loss sale on the 
equipment because equipment has to be paid for. Otherwise, we may not be able to do 
the shifting of the plant. Second thing was, we rationalized the aluminum alloy inventory, 
which was high in Craftsman by transferring at cost to DR Axion. These are the two 
one-offs, not a transaction made for profit, it is not a manufacturing activity, so it cannot 
be termed as any income. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Sir, this quarter, the storage, I mean the industrial segment margins have 
seen a lot of improvement in Q4. Can you explain what led to the improvement there? 
And going ahead for the next year how do you see the margin for this business, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, you may be aware of this, but I would like to reiterate one particular point on the 
storage business. This is not at all CAPEX-intensive, there is CAPEX, but compared to 
the automotive business on both aluminum and powertrain, this is a negligible CAPEX 
I would say and working capital also the total capital employed is quite low. So, even 
though margins may be low, once we see the traction what we got in Q4, which will 
continue into the next financial year, of course, there can be some blips in quarter-to-
quarter but overall we can expect the results for FY26 will be better than the results of 
Q4 of FY25. And the reason for that is the automated storage division is getting new 
orders because we have made enough inroads into the market, we have enough 
projects which have been implemented to showcase to our new incoming customers 
and we are getting the right pricing for the product, #1. #2, I think we also have 
rationalized the product costing and also on the static racking we are having good 
traction there. So, as a blended Company, I think we have matured as a storage solution 
Company. This is a very difficult business. Within five years we have come to a level. 
This can be really a standalone also possible storage solution business. Not that I'm 
implying anything, no, please don't take it that level, but we have grown this business 
to be able to stand on its own feet now. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Great to hear that. And also on the revenue side for next year, how do you see growth 
for the storage business? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
High teens I would say, almost 20% we can expect the growth on the storage business. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it. Sir, just lastly on one number. Sir, if you can help us what was DR Axion Q4 
revenue and EBIT, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I don't know. EBIT will be already there. We cannot divulge that because that is a 
competitive information. Revenue for DR Axion was Rs.376 crores. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Yes. Thank you so much for this. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, the next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick from 
Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I have a couple of questions. One is on the 
balance sheet working capital. The OCF saw compression due to some working capital 
stretch on this consolidated business. So, what is causing that sir for the year? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I didn't understand the question. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
The operating cash flow for the full year on consolidated basis saw compression and 
that is because of our working capital stretch. So, what is causing that operating cash 
flow to compress year-on-year? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Because it's a consolidated basis it's Sunbeam, right. It's not an apple-to-apple 
comparison because Sunbeam we had it only for six months, that may be the reason 
maybe not being able to compare. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. Was there any infusion of working capital for Fronberg? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, there has been working capital infusion. The money is still not utilized. It is lying 
with the Holding Company there. So, it has not been infused into the company. It is still 
lying as cash in the Holding Company. And infused only is €800,000 for the working 
capital. Now I get the point, because this is a slump sale, I think we need to understand 
the process of this auctioning by the insolvency agency and things like that. The right 
towards real estate lies with the lenders totally and the other movable assets are also 
lying with some of the working capital banks, and some are lying with the creditors 
totally. So, the proportionate method of working has made, the total deal was fixed and 
the apportionment was done by the credit committee there totally on this matter. So, 
that is how the apportioning has been done. There may be a slight distortion on how 
much has gone to fixed assets and how much has gone to liquid assets. That's all. 
Because we have paid roughly 10 million or something like that as a deal overall, apart 
from the takeover expenses which we absorbed here, then we have left some money 
there, €3, €4 million which is not required, but anyway we left it at the holding company 
if they need, they can take it, that's what is the total deal. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. But it has been accounted in working capital for us, particularly this year? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, no, that is not accounted. That is still lying as cash. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. Understood. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
They are the holding company. It's not gone to the operating company, yes. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. And then secondly on the guidance, right, we have a very strong guidance on 
powertrain, aluminum and even storage business. So, if I tie it up to the underlying be 
it CV or PV industry, we may not see such high-volume growth. So, where is this 
confidence coming for us to deliver 20%-plus kind of growth in an organic manner? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We have been diligently trying to diversify our customer portfolio. Earlier, we had six 
customers giving 50% of our revenue and balance 50% of customers coming from equal 
100 customers I would say. Now, the top 60% revenue is coming from 12 customers 
and in diversified end customer segments. So, our product mix is like this and the 
company side revenue, I mean consolidated if we look at it, the commercial vehicle 
portion is coming to 17%, two wheeler is coming to 18%, passenger vehicle is 32%, 
storage is 10%, off-highways is 5% and tractor is 4%. I think overall we have diversified 
quite well and we have also invested for customers who are export-oriented. Many of 
the OEMs from the eastern part of the world like Japan and Korea are also setting their 
sights on African market for both passenger car, two-wheeler, pickup trucks, tractors 
and all the products which are going to go into Africa in the future, which is the last 
market to be developed, the products are similar to India, what India wanted in the last 
two decades. But India is migrating to slightly higher products now. So, these products 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
are not anywhere being used in the western world. So, India is becoming hub for 
manufacturing. Even the largest PV player in the country is guided for 4 million cars, 
setting up one more plant in Haryana and one more plant has come upstream in 
Gujarat. This is towards export orientation. If you look at that manufacturer that footprint 
in the rest of the world is reducing for manufacturing and in Japan itself, they are 
downsizing the operations and exports of vehicles are taking place from India to Europe 
as well as to Japan totally. Similarly for the two-wheeler market, Indian manufacturers 
also are exporting to Africa, and we will see that multinational companies, two-wheeler 
manufacturers from India also exporting to Africa. So, all this is leading to some sort of 
a growth trajectory. I will take a few names. Escorts been taken over by a Japanese 
manufacturer and this also will lead to in the future some export growth. We have 
independent manufacturers, engine manufacturers, companies like Yanmar also they 
are trying to increase the footprint in India towards export. I don't want to take too many 
names here because you can understand that it is normal from a developed world 
where high cost of manpower is there and the market by itself is not growing in those 
countries, it is logical for them to shift their production base here where it is required for 
India and a similar product is required in new developing markets like South America 
and Africa. That is where my confidence is coming from. Second thing is the commercial 
vehicle segment has seen lot of correction in the past totally. Now it is quite stable, and 
the product maturity is continuing to happen that the bigger trucks are selling better than 
the smaller trucks on the highway. Of course, the intercity is a different situation, but I 
think for the long haul routes. And you also see that the tractor market is also looking 
up in a way because of the monsoon and things like that. And we are also having the 
right customers on our passenger vehicle business as Craftsman and the Sunbeam 
business on passenger vehicle is looking mainly towards North America and DR Axion 
you are aware that we are with the second largest PV player in the country and they 
are setting up a new plant also in the western region. And we also started exports back 
to Korea for the parts similar to what we manufacture here. Not exactly the same part, 
similar family of parts already started. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. So, basically it's incremental customers and the customers also increasing 
capacity, so that's helping you. So, that's – 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Second point is on alloy wheel and other parts, we are having an import which was 
coming from China. Now, it is getting localized within here. It is not a new growth 
requirement in India, but imports are getting replaced by Indian suppliers. That's all. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Yes. Got it, sir. Very helpful. Thank you. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi for closing comments. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you. I just want to say a few words on the strategic point of view. We always said 
that most of the tier 1 suppliers, I'm not talking about the top 20, top 30, but I think the 
next leg of suppliers are subscale to attract any sort of attention from the global players 
as a supplier and this is coming from the comparison within China, for example, the 
aluminum capacity for castings and machining in the country is in the region of 10% of 
the Chinese capacity totally, which is quite small and that means there is a lot of 
headroom to grow. Aluminum majors across the world are anywhere between $2 billion 
to $8 billion in revenue, each of them. And when Indian market is growing, the aluminum 
content is growing, naturally the lightweighting of the passenger vehicle has to happen. 
So, while we're waiting for all that, I think we at Craftsman believe that we need to broad 
base our activity and that half a billion dollar in aluminum business, I think we are still 
subscale, we will try to grow this business. On the traditional powertrain business, we 
are having a global size. So, now we're attempting a global size on the stationary engine 
business. That is the top five suppliers in the world is what we are aspiring to be there. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
That means multinational companies setting up shopping here will also be exporting 
large engines out of India. It is only a matter of time which is there. You know that 
Europe has got its own set of challenges and US also, and other developed countries 
like Korea and Japan have got a different challenge totally. So, we are well-poised in 
this matter. So, we have done some CAPEX investments little ahead of time that is 
causing a lot of strain in the entire outlook of our balance sheet and things like that in a 
temporary period. You may recall that we have taken only Rs.140 crores, Rs.150 crores 
as equity infusion in 2010, 2012. put together from the erstwhile well respected private 
equity investors at that time. And then we have raised only Rs.150 crores in the IPO in 
FY 21. So, we went last year with the mandate to raise Rs.1,200 crores QIP sensing 
the opportunity and also sensing the disruption coming from tariffs and the geopolitical 
situations also in Europe. So, we want to capitalize on all the opportunities there. And 
during the fundraise, I had to communicate with the investors. We are going to have 
quite a few quarters which we will not be giving the required results as desired by our 
investors. So, not that we are totally out of the woods, but I think the worst is over, I 
think we will be looking up going forward and the growth trajectory will continue for three 
years surely, everything, the path is set right for that. So, thank you very much and 
thank you for your confidence. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Craftsman Automation Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes) 
