' 
@ 
AGARWAL INDUSTRIAL CORPORATION LTD. 
Petrochemicals ( Manufactures & Traders of Bitumen & Bituminous Products) | Logistics for Bitumen & _PG | Wind Milis. 
AGARWAL GROUP 
L99999MH1995PLC08A618 
June 02, 2025 
To, 
To, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
P.J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E). 
Fort, Mumbai- 400001 
Mumbai 400051 
Serip Code: 531921 
SYMBOL: AGARIND; Series: EQ 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub.: Transcript of Q4 FY 2024-2025 Earnings Call Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with 
Clause 15 of Para A of Schedule ITI of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirerients) 
Regulations, 2015. 
Please find enclosed Transcript of the investor conference held on 28" May 
2025, with regards to the 
Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and Year ended 31% March, 2025. 
We confirm that we have uploaded transcript of the Q4 FY 2024-2025 Earnings Call held on Wedresday, 
May 28, 2025 on our website viz: www.aicltd.in. 
The above is for your kind information and records. 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
Thanking you, 
For Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
Vipin Agarwal 
CFO & Compliance Officer 

AGARWAL GROUP 
“Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited Q4 & FY 
2025 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 28, 2025 
R 
Hem Securities 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VIPIN AGARWAL — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
AGARWAL INDUSTRIAL CORPORATION LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
 MS. ASTHA JAIN — SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, HEM 
SECURITIES 

AGARWAL GROUP 
Moderator: 
Astha Jain: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
Q4 & FY 25 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by HEM Sccuriti 
As 
a reminder, all participants’ lines will be 
in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity 
for you 
to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conforence call, please signal an operator by pressing "*", then 0" on 
your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
arch Analyst from 
I 
now 
hand 
the conference 
over 
to 
Ms. 
Astha 
Jain 
— 
Senior 
Res 
HEMSecurities. Thank you and over (¢ you, Ms. Astha. 
Thank you. Our very good evening, ladics and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the Agarwal 
Industrial Corporation Limited Q4 & 1Y '25 Earnings Call. 
Joining us on the call today from the Management Team is Mr. Vipin Agarwal — Chief 
Financial 
Officer. We 
will commence 
the 
call 
with 
the opening thoughts 
from 
the 
Management, post which we will open the forum for Q&A session, where the Management 
will be glad to respond to any queries that you may have. 
Before we go on to the main call, 
| would like to read the standard disclaimer: 
There may be forward-looking statements about the company and the subsidiaries, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of company's management as on the date of 
this call. The company does not assume any obligation to update their forward-looking 
statements 
if those beliefs, opinions, expectations, or other circumstances should change. 
These statements are not guarantces of 
futuré performance 
and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. Consequently, listeners should not place any undue reliance on 
such forward-looking statement. 
With this, 
I will hand over the call to Mr. Vipin Agarwal — Chief Financial Officer, to take 
it 
forward. Over to you, sir. 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining the Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
earnings 
call for the 4th Quarter and Financial Year ended 31st March, 2025. The Earnings 
Presentation has been uploaded to the Stock Exchanges and is also available on the Company's 
Website. It is assumed that you have all reviewed the information provided. 
The company recorded consistent progress across business verticals during the year. Revenue 
from operations increased to Rs. 2,399 crores, reflecting the growth of 12.9% over the previous 
financial year. Operating profitability strengthened with EBITDA reaching Rs. 213 crorcs, a 
year-on-year increase of 19.5%, resulting in a margin expansion of 47 basis point to 8.8%. Net 

Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
profit for the year came in at Rs. 116 crores, an increase of 5.9% 
over the previous period 
These results reflect sustained exhibition, cost optimization and resilient demand environment 
in the infrastructure sector. 
Bitumen volume expansion served as a key contributor to this performance, delivering total 
5.36.000 metric tons approximately for the year with the 60% of this volume transporicd 
through company's marine vessels, internal vessels deployed and enabled improved controlled 
over delivery 
timelines 
and 
transportation 
efficiency. 
During periods 
of low 
 internal 
requirement, particularly during the monsoon months, the capacity was allocated to third-party 
chartering, contributing incremental revenue. The shipping segment generated Rs. 334 crores 
in the revenue and accounted for 13.7% of total earnings, with the segment EBIT margin of 
25%. 
Moving to the quarterly updates: 
Revenue from operation during Q4 FY 
'25 amounted to Rs. 823 crores, reflecting a 6.1% 
increase on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 58 crores, while profit 
after tax was Rs. 31 crores. 
Bitumen volumes during the quarter were 1,86,000 metric tons. 
approximately of which 111,200 tons were moved through the company’s own marine vess 
Although, seasonal moderation impacted volumes in the final quarter, sequential momentum 
remained intact with revenue and EBITDA increasing by 52% and 4%, respectively, compared 
to Q3 FY '25, 
Strategic investments made during the year helped reinforce the company's infrastructure 
backbone. A new 40,000 metric tons storage terminal 
is being developed 
at Mangalore port 
with the capacity outlay of approximately 40,000 tons with the CAPEX of Rs. 40 crores. Of 
this, 
10,000 me 
allied products. The facility is expected to become operational 
in Q2 FY 2026, expanding total 
ic tons is designated for bitumen and 30,000 meters would be utilized 
for 
storage capacity 0 40,500 metric tons 
Additionally, a new manufacturing facility was commissioned in Guwahati with an investment 
of Rs. 
6 crores to cater to the eastern and northeastern markets. The current manufacturing 
footprint spans several locations across 
I 
upported by a logistics fleet of more than 630 
vehicles. 
Contracts wins from PSU clients contributed meaningfully 
tw volume growth. Four major 
supplier agreements were sceured during (he year, covering 151,000 metric tons and carrying a 
total value of Rs. 635 crores. These contracts demonstrate AICLs ability to deliver at scale and 
meet 
the stringent quality 
and timeline expectations of institutional clients across 
the 
infrastructure sector. 

ys 
AGARWAL GROUP 
Astha Ja 
Moderator: 
Keshay Kumar; 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
Infrastructure development in India continues to present opportunities for sustainable growth. 
The national road network has surpassed 6.7 million kilometers, positioning India as the 
second 
largest globally. 
Despite 
the 
significant 
road expansion, 
India's overall 
bitumen 
consumption remains amongst the lowest when compared with other leading countries with 
large road networks, indicating substantial headroom for future growth. 
The Union Budget for 2025-2026 has allocated Rs. 
2.87 lakh crores to the Ministry of Road 
Transport and Highways, reinforcing the government's commitment 
to conneetivity 
and 
mobility infrastructure. Programs such as Bharat Mala and PM Gatishakti are expeeted to 
continue driving demand for road building materials, including bitumen and its derivatives. 
The integrated platform operated 
by 
the company spanning import, sourcing port-based 
storage, manufacturing and last mile del very continues to be a competitive differentiator. The 
sourcing strategy with blends imports vith steady Indian refining production ensures supply 
security and pricing flexibility with the private sector bitumen market share of approximately 
20% to 30%. AICL's fully integrated platform 
is well positioned to capitalize on the Indian 
infrastructure growth dynamic. 
Going forward, the company aims to capture growth opportunities through infrastructure led 
demand supported by continued investment in storage capacity, logistics and manufacturing 
infrastructure. 
In-summary, FY 2025 marked a period 
of capacity enhancement, disciplined operations and 
service expansion. The business remains well positioned to respond to growing infrastructure 
demand across the country. As the AICL enters FY 2026, the focus will remain on scale, 
effi 
ency and long term value ¢ 
Thank you. 
I will now hand over the call th Ms. 
Astha. 
Thank you, sir. Navya, you can take over. Thank you. 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take the first question 
from the line of Keshav Kumar from Raxon Investors. Please go ahead. 
Yes. So. 
give, 
I mean, can you explain what has led to that? 
» we have fallen quite short of our volume growth target for the year, so can you 
Yes. Thank you for the question. See, we always target a growth of around 20%. But due to 
operational limitations, sometimes because the volume of 540,000 tons that we have achieved 
in every concall, Lalways maintain that to bring this much of volumes in imports, it is quite 
task. So we are trying to improve that task by adding more vessels, taking vessels from third 
parties to increase this supply chain. So that 
is where we are already focusing on and 

Py 
AGAR »VAL GROUP 
Keshay Kumar: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Keshay Kumar: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Mode 
Tejas Khandelwal; 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
expanding our storage capacities as 
well so that we keep on having products at our end to 
complete the targets that we are setting. And as we are growing, we need to have the supply 
chain in order to complete that target. So, again, this year we are again targeting 20% of the 
volume that we have already achieved. And we will try to make up for the differential quantity 
that we have fallen short in the coming financial year, 
Okay, sir. So if I look year-on-year, our inventory days are also up by almost 10 days. S 
there any spillage of supply we were expecting (o do in Qd to Q1 of the new fiscal? 
Not really. We are trying to focus quarter by quarter and trying to double the volumes by say 
13%, 20% in every quarter that we are coming across. 
Then in one quarter, as the peak season 
comes in Q1 and Q4, maybe we will be able to do 25% of the volume that we have been doing 
i the particular quarter. Thereby, taking our volumes to around 20% plus the target that we 
always achieve our targel, 
Okay. And sir lastly, so based inventory days, is this the new normal or should we scc 
it 
rationalize through the year? 
Except for monsoons, 
I think, it's the normal. We are trying to in fact decrease the inventory 
days by increasing 
the volumes further. 
okay. Alright sir, thank you and have a great quarter. 
Thank you so much for your questions. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tejas Khandelwal from Prudent Equity. Please 2o 
ahead 
Hello. So, sir, we are doing huge amount of CAPEX 
for acquiring our own vessels so that we 
can increase our EBIT margin. But in this quarter, our operating profit margin has fallen o 
6.6%. 
So what was 
the reason behind 
that? Because 
| was che 
king the 
result and the 
chartering segment margin have fallen from 31% o 25% this year. So 
I wanted to know the 
reason. 
Yes. Thank you, Tejas. Well, this is the first vear 
I think there has been a little bit of difference 
in the margins, because the vessels were 
in the dry dock and the dry dock was 
a 
little bit 
prolonged whereby we were working the maintenance time increased in that dry dock. That is 
ability impact in the shipping segment (his 
the reason that we have a little bit of pro 
year. 
Going forward, 
I think we will be on track ¢s for the last few years that we have been doing. 
OKay. Yes, 
I wanted to know how much vessel capacity was in dry dock for this quarter, Q4. 

A 
AGARWAL GROUP 
Vipin Agarw 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Vipin Agarw 
Vipin Agarwal: 
‘Tejas Khandelw 
Vipin Agarwal: 
‘Tejas Khandelwal: 
n Aga. 
Tejas Khandelwals 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
Approximately 15,000 tons. 
Okay, fine. And sir, the next question is on volume. So, last concall happened in February and 
we were already 45 days in Q4 and still you were guiding for 15% volume growth for the full 
year. So we have not grown that much. 
And in Q4 year-on-year we have shown degrowth. So, 
even if we were 45% there in Q4, the guidance had not met. 
See, we already had products lined up, and in the last week of the quarter we had significant 
volumes that had come in which we sold in April. That is one of the reasons that the timing of 
the product landed at the last few days 
of the financial year, otherwise we might have closed 
around 555. These are all logistical operations that we are taking care wherein if we miss two, 
fal year. 
three days of the working days. then the product lands on the last day of the finan 
Okay, 
got it. And sir, what s this Rs. 5 crores of other income we arc having in this quarter? 
We always have other income that is the overseas loan that has been given by the parent. So 
we always have that income as per the guidelines of the RBI and the Companies Act. 
But historically we did not have Rs. 5 crores for any quarter, 
so this is a large amount so 
[ 
wanted to know that. 
I will recheck whether it should be the interest income that we have. 
Okay, 
sir. And 
1 was going through your latest press release, so this new vessel has started 
operation in FY 2025, right? 
Yes. 
Yes, so depreciation will come from this quarter, right, in Q17 
Yes, yes. 
And sir. what will be the depreciation you can expect? 
Depreciation would be in line with the 
CAPEX and the other guidelines as per the requircd 
depreciation that we need to charge. 
Okay. Can you give me volume guidance and EBITDA per ton guidance for FY 20267 
Volume guidance 
I have already spoken in the first question iiself, we are again targeting a 
growth of around 20% from approximately 540 plus or minus around 20% to 22% maybe. That 
is the guidance. So if'you have to put in metric tons, around 650,000 to 700,000 tons. 

A 
A 
AGARWAL GROUP 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Tejas Khandelwal 
Vipin Agarwal 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Moderator 
Yash Kukreja: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Yash Kukreja: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
Okay. And EBITDA per ton? 
EBITDA per ton should be around Rs. 4,200 to Rs. 4,500. 
Okay, got it. And 
I had last question thut overall chartering rates intemationally are falling, so 
how are we going to impact our margin 
in positive or negative way? 
T do not see any rates falling in the region that we are operating in. 
That is I think 
you are 
talking about the containers wherein the rates may have fallen, because 
I am not aware of the 
containers. But in the bulk scgment, 
1 do not think there is much of a freight fall in. 
Okay, sir. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Yash Kukreja from Equitree Capital 
Please go ahead 
Yes. Hi. sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, in this quarter our EBITDA per ton 
has gone down to Rs. 2,900 almost, which was around Rs. 3,800, 
Rs. 
3,900 in the last three 
f Rs. 4,200 per ton for FY 2026. So sir, what went 
quarters. And we are also giving guidan 
wrong in this quarter? Is it because of the competition intensifying or is it because we are 
selling a large volume (o the PSU? 
No. no, as 
I mentioned. the EBITDA on the consol basis has gone down because of few vessels 
not operating due to dry dock and the maintenance part, that is one of the 
reasons, Otherwise, 
T 
think selling bitumen to PSUs also we are not making money. We have kecping the margins as 
always we keep per metric ton. So going forward. as 
| explained in the other two questions, we 
will try 1o maintain EBITDA approximale at the same level that we have been doing, and 
trying to go further. 
Okay. Got it. And sir, could you please share the CAPEX plans for this year and also how arc 
we going to fund it, like are we going to increase the debt from here? 
Thank you. As 
I have always been sayi 
CAPEX we are focusing on increasing the 
logistical advantage that we can gather. That is one of the reasons we have sct up Mangalore 
terminal. So any other opportunities 
if we get 
in this segment, maybe 
a terminal or ships 
necded to be added, we will take a call. And accordingly. it is a mix of debt and cquity from 
the company promoters, and the company. 

V. 
AGARWAL GROUP 
Yash Kukreja: 
Yash Kukrej: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Yash Kukre 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Mosam Shah: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Mosam Shah: 
Agarwal: 
Mosam Shah: 
in Agarwal: 
Mosam Shah: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Mosam Shah: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
Okay, got it. And sir my last question is, in the previous call you had mentioned that you are 
planning to leave the warehouse facility to some other 
parties 
as well. So sir, could you please 
help us understand the business model for that segment and also the written profile? 
That is Mangalore. As in my opening speech 
I mentioned, 30,000 we will be adding for other 
allied products which will be released to maybe any other products in line, maybe edible oil or 
any other products that are required in the particular port. These tags will be leased to those 
companies. And that will be the next phase after we start our bitumen operations. 
Okay. And sir, what are the retumn profiles 
and margin 
profile basically 
on that segment? 
Once we start, then maybe 
I will be able to give you exact number. So let's start and then 
giving you a number would be a better option, better idea. 
Okay. That's all. Thank you so much 
Thank you so much. 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mosam Shah from Wealthguardian. 
Please go ahcad. 
Hello. 
Sir, just wanted to know the demand scenario, overall demand scenario of bitumen? 
The demand scenario is absolutely 
in line with the government's focus on the infrastructure. 
And going forward, the demand is going (0 grow at about CAGR 4%, 
Okay, fine. And do we have any sort of benefits with the India, Oman FTA coming in? 
No.. There is absolutely no. It is going to remain the same for us, 
Okay. And what would be the total percentage of volumes to the PSU that we cater to? 
Exact numbers 
[ would have to take it out and give it 1o you. Maybe if you send me a mail 
| 
will give you exact volumes, because these are the orders that we have received. 
So 
approximately 14% to 15% was PSU sal 
OKay,. That would be same next year as well, could be that range? 
Depends on their demand. It depends upon their tender that we already have LOI for, and they 
give us the order commitment and then they can pick up as and when they require. 
Okay. Thanks so much and all the best. 

AGARWAL GROUP 
in Agarwal; 
Moderator: 
Pavan Kumar: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Pavan Kumar: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Pavan Kumar: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Pavan Kumar: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
Thank you. 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pavan Kumar from Ratnatraya Capital 
Please go ahead. 
What 
is 
now? First question, 
your current bitumen processing capacity and what s the capacity utilization right 
See, on the total volumes, we are doing around approximately 30% through the manufacturing 
plants that we have. And in the sector that we are in, it is not a continuous process 
wherein we 
have to have a particular storage capacity, we can use the same tanks four times or five times 
throughout throughput in one day. So, ii's not that if you have storage capacity to the tune of 
35000 tons including the manufacturing and import facility. We are bringing finished product 
even in the import and then using all our tanks throughput additionally o create volumes. 
Okay. And what is the 
CAPEX for the year and what is this CAPEX being spent on? 
CAPEX, as 
I mentioned a few minutes back, maybe as we are spending in Mangalore, if we 
get any other opportunity for setting up some other terminal 
at some other port, maybe that 
would be one of the sectors where the CAPEX would be coming, apart from any logistical 
requirement in terms of shipping as well, 
So. are we saying Rs. 40 crores 
is the amount exactly or is it going to be more than that? 
For a terminal, maybe approximately that amount of around Rs. 40 crores. If the shipping 
vessel has 1o be acquired, maybe that would be around Rs. 100 crores, Rs, 150 erores 
Okay, okay. And one last question from my end. though we are guiding for lef's say 20% 
volume, the outlook on the road building seems to be pretty soft as of this particular year. So 
are we 
saying we will gain market share from some other importers or how are we getting o 
this particular volume guidance? 
We have always been targeting additional volumes and taking volumes from the existing 
people as well. But as mentioned in your statement, 
I do not say that your statement may be. 
But 
I differentiate because 
the volume growth 
for the 
entire year 
in 
terms 
of bitumen 
requirement is very high. At 4% CAGR bitumen demand is growing on a year-on-year basis 
and last year the total demand for bitumen was around 9 million tons, which will definitely be 
around 10 million tons this 
year. 
Okay. You arc saying market s doing pretty well overall? 

A 
AGARWAL GROUP 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Pavan Kumar: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Tanvi: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Tanvi: 
Agarwal: 
Tanvi: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Tanvi: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Tanvi: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
Yes. Doing pretty well 
Okay. Thank you for that, 
Thank you. 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Tanvi, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Hello, sir. 
1 just had a couple of questions. First one, sir, you have given a growth guidance of 
20% this year. You were alrcady falling short by 11% last year. So effectively for FY 2026, 
had we achieved the target of 20%, this 
year growth would again be in single digits? 
No. as far as the company is concemed, we are giving a growth of around 20%. So from 
5.85.000 we assume that we would easly do 650,000 to 700,000 tons in this financial ycar. 
That is the growth guidance for this financial year. 
Sir, my question is, had we been close 
to your target of 20%, this year would be around 
6,40.000, had we added 20% to that it would be around -- 
No, we did approximately 5,00,000 tons last year. So as per the growth guidance we would 
have achieved around 6,00,000 tons, with an additional 20% would have been around 720,000 
tons in a year, 
Okay.. 
Sir one more question. quarter three also you said that your one vessel was wrecked by 
cyclone and has undergone some repairs, and —(inaudible) 
Yes. that is what is reflecting in this year's number, that is what 
I said in the last few questions. 
that dry dock and maintenance of the vessel was prolonged because of the cyclone hit to that 
So that was an addition, 
it was in Q4 as well? 
It was prolonged. The maintenance days for that vessel was prolonged. The vessel was not in 
use for a particular period. 
15.000 metric tons was affected in Q4 and how much volume was affected in the Q3, 
if you 
could quantify? 
If you have to give numbers, so around minimum 30,000 tons has been affected through the 
vessels that were not in use, minimum 30,000 to 40,000 tons. 

& 
/ 
AGARWAL GROUP 
Tany 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Tany 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Tanvi: 
Agarwal: 
Vipin Agarw 
Tanvi: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
Okay, And sir. the new vessel that you purchased, what is the price, the cost that is incurred 
for that vessel? 
Itis approximately 13 million. 
Sir, one last question, a very general question, sir. 
I was just wondering that what are the entry 
barriers 10 your business, because ultimately most of our revenue comes through trading of 
bitumen. 
So are there any eniry barricrs off late, maybe we could see some more players 
coming into play? 
Yes. Thank you. This questions | have been answering in all my concalls. See, there is no entry 
barriers to the sector as such. But to enter and maintain the supply chain, its very difficult 
because we are the only company having a USP in this entire Indian segment wherein we have 
end-to-end solutions for bitumen wherein we have our own sourcing arrangement, we have 
logistics in sca to bring the product, we have storage, we are manufacturing, we have land 
transport, we have our own customers, end users to cater to supply product. And for them one 
point of solution helps them to do their work better and in a convenient manner(inaudible) and 
ter. So there 
is no entry barrier as such, 
But yes, any 
of the companies who 
is 
doing 
it fa 
entering, they may have one segment, they may not be having all the entire supply chain that 
we have. That is the USP that we have 
created in the last few 
years. 
The logistical advantage 
that we have in sea, at the ports, and in land, that is the focus that the company has been doing 
in the fast few years, which is maybe helping us do our volumes now in the last few years, 
Sir, this time you have given a EBITDA guidance of Rs. 4,200 to Rs. 4,500 per metric tons. 
Yes. 
Barlier it was Rs. 3,800, so will therc be any margin improvement this year as the realization 
guidance has improved? 
There should be. 
That's why we have given arange of Rs. 4.200 plus. 
What could be the EBITDA margin guidanc, 
if you could give some light on that? 
Tt should be around Rs. 4,200 to Rs. 4,500 
Sir, margin in percentage terms? 
We go by absolute terms, because as | mentioned carlier, this is a commodity product wherein 
the prices of the product keep changing. So you cannot really give their numbers in terms of 
percentage, but the absolute number would be helping us better to understand, 

» 
AGARWAL GROUP 
Tanvi: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Moderator 
Vikash Vijayvargiya: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Vikash Vijayvargiya: 
Yipin 
Agarwal; 
Vikash Vijayvargiya: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Vikash Vijayvargiya: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Vikash Vijayvargiya: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Vikash Vijayvargiya: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Thank you so much for your questions. 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of CA Vikash Vijayvargiya from Reckon 
Tree. Please go ahead. 
In the last three years our revenue there's not too much changes has happened. But in the same 
time. our third party logistics arrangement 
is reduced. 
And our own fleet contribution 
is 
increased. Whatever is the guidance there(inaudible), right now the 60:40 ratio is there, so in 
future whatever the guidance 
is there, 
it 
is 20% or whatever, 10%, 15%, whatever our 
contribution in future, if it is possible 65:35 or 70:30 possible in future? 
In terms of shipping and logistics? 
Shipping, yes, bitumen. 
Can you just repeat your question again” 
I think 
I missed some point from your question. 
Yes. Right now in FY 2023 to FY 2025. 
FY 2023 our revenue was at Rs. 2,024 crores and this 
year pretty close to the Rs. 2.400 crores. 
Yes, correct. 
But in the same time, whatever the guidance is there, 
I am least bothered about the guidance, 
but whatever our contribution own vessel in FY2023 is a 2 million tons per annum is there and 
FY23 third party logistics is 2.2 million, almost 50:50 is there. But in the FY25 it is 3.2 and 
2.1, that means is 60:40 ratio is there, okay. So now in future, 
FY 2026 onwards, is it possible 
the own vessels contribution is 65%, 70%%? 
Yes. very much possible. 
If you have gone through my earlier concalls, 
1 have 
al 
maintained that we are trying to increasc the volumes through the logistical marine vessels that 
we have, thereby increasing the overall bottom line 
in the company's consol level. And 
depending on the third-party vessels that we pay freight, maybe next year maybe we will do 
65%, 70%. 
Its possible 65:357 
Yes. very much. 
Because whatever the rotation 
in our own vessels 
is there, which improves our EBITDA 
Whatever my understanding with your business is there. 

AGARWAL GROUP 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Vikash Vijayvargiya: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Yash Kukreja: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Yash Kukreja: 
Vip 
Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Riddhi Agarwal: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
Yes, thatis right and that is why we are focusing on it. 
Thank you. 
“Thank you so much 
Thank you. Next question is from the Iine of Yash Kukreja from Equitree Capital, Please 2o 
ahead. 
So thank you for taking the follow-up question. So, sir, do we have any update on the taxation 
part which was like supposed to go to 9% of it? 
Thank you. 
Not yet, for this year there was little bit of the taxation 
is not yet clear, maybe in 
the coming year we may have to make some provisions in the subsidiary. But as while we are 
speaking, there is still some clarity required in terms of corporate tax, if required or not. 
Okay, got it, sir. And sir my last question is, so the problem that we are facing as of now is 
only the logistics problem. right. 
it is not the demand problem? 
No, there is no demand problem as such. But if you talk about, maybe today rains have started 
carlier, maybe then the rains will stop earlier also. In that sense, maybe a few days here and 
there volumes may be switching, maybe 10 days prior we may in this quarter 10 days sales we 
may not get and it goes into 2Q or 3Q. Eut apart from that, there is no other hindrance. There 
will be absolutely no problem in terms of demand for bitumen. 
And going forward, there 
should be good demand. 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Thank you s much. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Riddhi Agarwal, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Good evening, sir. Sir my first question is that, in the carlier concall also the major reason of 
our low margins was that the vessels dry docked 
, and the same happened this quarter also. So 
my major concern 
i 
t repetitive in the coming years? And 
if it is, then what are the 
measures the company is taking (o prevent it? 
Its very unfortunate that sometimes because of this rough sea or the cyclone, 
a particular 
vessel gets into 
it and maybe damages some of the machinery. 
Weather we cannot forecast 
But we always try to keep our vessels safe even during cyclones. But this is an unfortunate 
incident which happened, and due to which the maintenance and the vessels were not put to 

AGARWAL GROUP 
Riddhi Agarwal: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Riddhi Agarwal: 
Riddhi Agarwal: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Riddhi Agarwal: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Moderat 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Agarwal: 
pin Agarwal: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
use for a particular period. And going forward, we are trying to take precautions in the manner 
wherein we get lowest maintenance hit in monsoon period through short voyages maybe 
So, are there any plans to further add more vessels so that we can set off the dry dock vessels 
with them? 
Ves, if there 
is a good opportunity, definitely the company will acquire more vessels. 
So if you are planning to acquire more vessels, 
is there any CAPEX justified for that? 
Yes, yes. Vesscls should be costing around 6 million to 
8 million with the capacity 
of 
approximately 5,000 metric tons. 
But if we 
arc planning to maybe get bigger vessels which 
helps us in logistical advantage. In terms of freight, maybe around 10 million, 12 million 
would be an ideal cost for a 10,000 metric tons, 
15,000 metric tons vessel maybe. 
Okay. Thank you for that. Sir, my last session would be, your carlicr guidance of Rs. 4,000 
crores to Rs. 
5. 000 crores of toplincin next 
five years, so are we intact with that? 
Yes, very much, ycs. 
Thank you so much and all the best 
Thank you so much 
Thank you. Next question is from 
the line of 
Tejas Khandelwal from Prudent Equity. Please go 
ahead. 
Yes. S0 you are saying, 15,000 tons of vessel capacity volume was in dry dock in Q4 FY 2025, 
So 
I wanted to know if the own capacity was in dry dock, so ideally the volume from other 
vessels should increase, right? But that has also dropped. 
ssel 
are deployed for carrying cargo and giving in the castern side as well. 
No. 
See, some 
So castern side the voyage itself is about 40 days. And in the western side, it is around 15 0 18 
days. So, a vessel which 
is going to th eastern port will come up after 40 days again for 
loading. 
Sir, another question 
is, both of your segments did bad, both the vessel and the bitumen 
shipment rather. So 
I wanted to know that this 15,000 -- 
T think bitumen is not down, bitumen is ir 
line. 

Py 
WAL GROUP 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
T'ejas Khandelwal: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Vipin Agarwal: 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Moderator: 
Astha Jain: 
Moderator: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
Sir, 
1 am talking about volume, so 
I wanted to know the reason this 15,000 tons of dry dock, 
was it the only reason behind both volumie and margin drop? 
As 
I said, volumes, we have vessels in sea always which landed in the last few days of this 
financial year, which could not be sold 
in this year, and thereby some volumes has gone 
because of the volume, the product landing in the last fow days. And yes, in the profit side, as 
you are mentioning, yes, there has been a little bit of drop down because of the vesscls not in 
use for time they went maintenance due to dry dock 
Okay. Sosir, in this year in FY 2026, how much capacity will go in dry dock? 
This year 
I think we have about two vessels 
in dry dock, but those should not take around 
about 20 days, 
22 days. 
So there should not be 
a drop down, because we always consider 
vessels operating at around 340 days in a year. 
Okay. But can you tell in terms of capacity, how much will go dry dock? 
About, again, 15,000 tons, but these dry docks would not sold be for a long period because 
these are normal dry docks. But if a vessel last year because of the cyclone which was there 
and the vessel was caught in that cyclone, because of that the maintenance period went up. 
Okay. So you are confident, right. it will touch 6,50.000 anyhow? 
Yes, we are very much confident in completing the volumes that we are focusing, and the 
guidance that we are giving. 
Okay. Thank you. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Ms. Astha Jain for closing comments 
Thank you, Navya. 
On behalf of HEM Securities Limited, 
I thank Agarwal Industrial 
Corporation Limited's team for giving the time they spent on this call and responding all the 
queries in a detailed way. 
| would also like to thank all the participants for joining this call 
Now. 
I would like to hand over the call to moderator for closing comments 
Thank you. On behalf of HEM Sccuritics, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 

AGARWAL GROUP 
Notes: 
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
May 28, 2025 
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record 
of the proceedings 
2. Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference 
3. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitied in any form or by any means 
without the prior written consent of Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited 
