9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,   
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001   
Scrip Code No. 532540 
TCS/SE/13/2025-26 
April 12, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)   
Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol - TCS 
Dear Sirs, 
 Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year period ended 
March 31, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2025, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held 
on April 10, 2025, for your information and records. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tcs.com. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited  
Yashaswin Sheth 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
YASHASWIN 
NARENDRA 
SHETH
Digitally signed by 
YASHASWIN NARENDRA 
SHETH 
Date: 2025.04.12 
17:46:16 +05'30'

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 24 
Tata Consultancy Services Limited 
Q4 & Year Ended 31st March 2025 Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (08:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TCS Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nehal Shah from the Investor 
Relations team at TCS. Thank you, and over to you. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, operator. Good evening, and welcome, everyone. Thank you for 
joining us today to discuss TCS' financial results for the fourth quarter and full 
year FY 2025 that ended March 31, 2025. This call is being webcast through 
our website and an archive, including the transcript, will be available on the site 
for the duration of this quarter. The financial statements, quarterly fact sheet 
and press releases are also available on our website. Our leadership team is 
present on this call to discuss our results. 
We have with us today Mr. K Krithivasan, Chief Executive Officer and 
Managing Director. 
K Krithivasan: 
Hi, good evening. 
Nehal Shah: 
Mr. Samir Seksaria, Chief Financial Officer. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Hello, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
And Mr. Milind Lakkad, Chief HR Officer. 
Milind Lakkad: 
Hi, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Our management team will give a brief overview of the company's 
performance, followed by a Q&A session. As you are aware, we don't provide 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
specific revenue or earnings guidance. And anything said on this call, which 
reflects our outlook for the future, or which could be construed as a forward-
looking statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. We have outlined this risk in the second slide of the quarterly 
fact sheet available on our website and email out to those who have subscribed 
to our mailing list. 
With that, I would like to turn the call over to Krithi. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Nehal. Good day, everyone. I'm pleased to announce that we are 
concluding FY '25 by surpassing the $30 billion revenue milestone. We have 
achieved this while maintaining industry-leading margins, exceptional return 
ratios and a strong balance sheet. It is very gratifying to see that most of our 
leadership team has been part of TCS' extraordinary journey, growing 14 times 
in the last two decades. We extend our heartfelt gratitude to all our current and 
former employees, partners, customers and other stakeholders who have 
supported us over the past 57 years.  
Our financial year 2025 revenue grew by 4.2% in constant currency. Our 
operating margin for the year came in at 24.3%. Our net margin was at 19%. 
Coming to our more recent performance, our Q4 revenues grew 2.5% on a 
constant currency basis. All major markets grew sequentially. Our record Q4 
TCV of $12.2 billion demonstrates our ability to gain market share. North 
America TCV reached an all-time high of $6.8 billion. BFSI TCV was $4 
billion, and Consumer Business Group contributed $1.7 billion. This 
impressive performance stands out in the absence of mega deals. 
I'll now invite Samir and Milind to go over different aspects of our performance 
during the quarter. I'll step in later to provide more color on the demand trends 
we are seeing in our business. Over to you, Samir. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Thank you, Krithi. Good day, everyone.  
I will start with the full year’s numbers and then proceed to the quarterly 
commentary. For the full year, our revenue was $30.2 billion, a year-on-year 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
growth of 4.2% in constant currency. The revenue growth is 3.8% in dollar 
terms and 6% in rupee terms. 
Our FY '25 operating margin was at 24.3%, a decline of 30 basis points over 
the prior year. During the year, we had a 200-basis point headwind resulting 
from annual wage increases and other tactical interventions for our associates 
such as promotions. These merit-based interventions were part of our ongoing 
efforts to invest in our people and ensure their growth and satisfaction within 
the company. We had a further 130 basis points headwind from continuing 
investments in infrastructure and capability building. To mitigate these 
headwinds, we focused on improving utilization, productivity and realization. 
Additionally, we received an 80-basis point support from the currency.  
Net margins for FY '25 were 19% and our EPS grew 5.1% year-on-year.  
Our effective tax rate for the year was 25.3%.  
The Board has recommended a final dividend of ₹30 per share, bringing our 
total dividend for the year to ₹126 per share.  
Coming to Q4, for the quarter ending 31st March '25, our revenue increased 
by 2.5% year-on-year in constant currency terms, reaching ₹64,479, that 
translates to a growth of 5.3% in rupee terms and our dollar revenues were at 
7.47 billion, Y-o-Y growth of 1.4%. Our Q4 operating margin stood at 24.2%, 
reflecting a sequential decline of 30 basis points.  
During the quarter, we incurred 100 basis points headwind due to tactical 
interventions. Additionally, we incurred a further 60 basis points headwind 
from strategy marketing and purpose-driven initiatives. We managed to 
mitigate some of these headwinds by improving our operating leverage and 
optimizing our revenue mix. Furthermore, currency movements provided 40-
basis point support. 
Net margins in Q4 were 19%. Our accounts receivable stood at 71 days DSO 
in dollar terms for Q4 and were down three days sequentially. Our cash 
conversion this quarter continues to be strong. Net cash from operations was 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
$1.78 billion, which is 125% of net income. Free cash flows were $1.48 billion, 
and funds invested at the end of the period stood at $5.53 billion. 
Let me walk you through our segmental performance. Note that all growth 
numbers are on a year-on-year basis in constant currency, unless mentioned. 
In Q4, BFSI grew 2.5% while the consumer business group declined 0.2%. Life 
Sciences & Healthcare declined 5.6%; Manufacturing declined 2.9%; whereas 
Technology & Services grew 1.1%; Communication & Media declined 9.8%; 
ERU, which is Energy Resources & Utilities grew 4.6%; and Regional Markets 
grew 22.5%. 
Moving on to geography. Amongst major markets, Europe grew 1.4%, U.K. 
grew 1.2%, whereas North America declined 1.9%. All growth markets 
continued their strong performance this quarter also. Middle East and Africa 
grew 13.2%, LatAm grew 4.3% and Asia Pacific grew 6.4%, while India had a 
growth of 33%. 
I'm now going to talk about a few of our industry-leading portfolio of production 
platforms. Our expanding suite is doing well in the marketplace.  
• 
ignioTM, our cognitive automation software suite saw 30 new deal wins and 
11 go-lives.  
o 
ignioTM has introduced Code Accelerator and advanced GenAI powered tool 
designed to automate code generation and transformation, significantly 
reducing time to value for customers. This feature has already been deployed 
across more than 80% of our SaaS customers, boosting productivity by 150%. 
Code Accelerator has played a key role in driving faster product adoption by 
delivering first-time right use cases. Additionally, ignioTM is leveraging GenAI 
capabilities to expedite the migration of its on-premises customers to SaaS, by 
seamlessly transforming their code to be compatible with the latest platform, 
making them future ready. 
• 
TCS BaNCSTM, our flagship product for financial services, continued its 
leadership with 4 wins and 4 go-lives during the quarter.  
o 
The primary drivers for core transformation in the banking sector, driving strong 
demand for our products, include data harmonization, real-time analytics, 
compliance and monitoring and unified customer experience.  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
o 
Banks and credit unions worldwide are increasingly adopting public cloud 
technologies, which offer cost efficiencies, AI tools, zero trust architecture and 
robust security. The shift to cloud native technologies and micro services 
architecture is facilitating easier migration and enhancing legacy systems. 
 
• 
TCS BFSI production platform saw 3 wins and 3 go-lives during the quarter.  
• 
TCS QuartzTM, our innovation-led platform, leveraging blockchain and AI had 
2 wins and 1 go-live this quarter.  
• 
TCS iONTM, our platform for digital assessment, digital marking, exam 
administration and learning hub, had 35 new wins and took 75-plus platform 
capabilities live.  
o 
Our assessment platform administered in-center exams for over 21 million 
candidates and remote assessments for more than 82,000 candidates.  
o 
State governments in India are investing in building digital platforms for skill 
development to ensure inclusivity of the youth in the last mile and allocating 
annual budgets for youth skilling linked with employability.  
o 
Moreover, universities in India are looking for end-to-end automation platforms 
to make their online degree programs, user-friendly and scalable. These key 
trends should drive growth for the iON platform.  
• 
TCS OmniStoreTM, our AI-powered Universal commerce suite, had 2 deal 
wins and 3 go-lives during the quarter. 
o 
A leading American healthcare company selected TCS AI-powered unified 
commerce platform, OmniStoreTM to modernize customer journeys. TCS has 
deployed the end-to-end next-gen omnichannel point-of-sale solutions in 25 
stores across four states as part of a planned nationwide rollout across more 
than 9,000 locations. Composable architecture with distributed cloud and 
edge ensures full resiliency while maintaining centralized control and 
monitoring. The intuitive user interface leverages Vision AI and interactive 
display, enabling personalized and gamified checkout experiences and training 
fee transactions. The self-filling solution, which integrates seamlessly with 
legacy hardware ensures seamless uninterrupted service, greater agility and 
speed to market. This will significantly improve operational efficiency and 
compliance, reduce checkout times by over 20%, revenue in line the colleague 
and customer engagement and enable innovation at checkout.  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
• 
TCS OptumeraTM, our AI-powered retail merchandising suite, had 1 win and 
went live for 1 client.  
• 
TCS TwinXTM, our digital twin solution had 3 wins and 1 go live. In Life 
Sciences 
• 
TCS ADDTM platform continues to win an increased focus on leveraging AI in 
the life sciences industry.  
o 
Pharma companies are especially investing in AI to use cases to improve trial 
productivity to enhance diagnosis of diseases and informed decision-making, 
reduced time for research -- and for drug research and development and to 
design personalized treatments.  
o 
TCS ADDTM is actively working within GenAI PoC across literature search and 
insights, patient insights, safety case processing and medical monitoring. 
Our offerings continue to enable digital ecosystem for patient-centric clinical 
trials, leveraging AI for data flow across the clinical value chain.  
• 
TCS HOBSTM are suited for products for communication service providers at 3 
wins and 1 go live this quarter.  
• 
MasterCraftTM and JileTM had 27 deal wins in Q4. 
Coming to Client metrics, our transformational work for customers is 
expanding our share of our wallets and leading to broader and deeper 
engagements. In FY '25, we had 64 clients in the 100 million-plus revenue 
band, an increase of two over the previous year. 
With that, I'll hand it over now to Milind. 
Milind Lakkad: 
Thank you, Samir. Good day, everyone. Our workforce at the end of FY '25 
was 607,979. We continue to enjoy pride of place as the employer of choice 
by prioritizing a culture of professional and personal growth, well-being and 
purpose-driven engagement. Over LTM attrition was stable at 13.3%. 
During the year, we strengthened our current pipeline through strategic 
investment in scale development. Our campus hiring program is progressing 
as planned, and we are gearing up to onboard an increased number of 
campus hires in FY '26.  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
Our investments in organic talent development are yielding phenomenal 
learning outcomes. As a leader in both ‘Skilling for AI’ and ‘Skilling with AI,’ 
TCS offers a robust ecosystem of learning, including role-specific courses, 
cloud-based lab environments, learning zones with hyperscalers and 
gamified hackathons. We have established a scale training ecosystem, 
including the AI experience zone, Fresco playgrounds and AI Symposium.  
TCS is ranked number 1 in AI and data certifications across three 
Hyperscalers and GitHub. The use of TCS' own AI GenAI tool by employees 
ramping up with GenAI coaches, tutors, simulations, algorithms, etcetera. The 
associates have locked 56 million learning hours and acquired 5.2 million 
competencies in FY '25.  
We achieved a significant milestone this quarter by adding our first ever 
enterprise-wide top employer certification from the Top Employer Institute. 
This milestone builds on TCS' achievement as a global top employer for 
2025, making an unbroken record of receiving this distinction over a decade. 
We have recently been ranked by LinkedIn as a Top company to work for 
in India, assuming this recognition for the fifth year in a row. 
I will now request Krithi to speak on the various demand driver during the 
quarter. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Milind. I'm pleased with the performance this quarter in a 
challenging global macroeconomic environment. All major markets grew 
sequentially, and we are proud to successfully deliver a nation-building 
transformation engagement in our growth market. We also saw a second 
consecutive quarter of very strong TCV, which consisted of a good mix of large, 
medium and small deals, which augurs well for future revenue visibility.  
We are seeing TCV improvement across markets as clients prioritize initiatives 
around technology modernization, cost optimization, vendor consolidation, 
operational model transformation risk and compliance. We have all been 
witnessing an increased level of uncertainty in the global economic and 
geopolitical landscape in the last few weeks, making a shift from our 
commentary in January. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
We have seen instances of delays in decision-making and discretionary 
spending has come under heightened scrutiny and pressure recently. We 
remain close to our customers to understand how these changes are impacting 
them directly or indirectly.  
To be successful in this environment, businesses must find a way to quickly 
adapt, anticipate change and transform not only to mitigate potential disruption 
but possibly even turn it into a strategic advantage. This transformation is not 
a one-time event. It's an ongoing evolution that drives perpetual adoption 
across every facet of business from responsive supply chain and rapid product 
development to future ready workforces. In short, perpetual change must be 
met with perpetual adaptability. A technology-led approach can turn these 
transformation goals into achievable realities. We are well positioned with our 
clients to help them transform their businesses for perpetual adaptability and 
to reinvest for future-proofing their business models for the long term. 
Let me now give some specific color on our performance during the quarter 
and outlook for few verticals: 
• 
BFSI clients continue to focus on initiatives led to modernization, cost optimization, vendor 
consolidation, regulatory spend. Banking and financial institutions are proactively addressing tech 
obsolescence via legacy modernization efforts. Examples being core platform upgrades and 
payment operations and improved lending experience.  
o 
Data and AI initiatives are seeing significant adoption for driving operational efficiencies and 
improving customer experience.  
o 
Resilience and availability are being prioritized through cloud adoption and cybersecurity practice. 
o 
In the insurance sector in the US, we saw instances of delayed decision making.  
 
• 
The Consumer Business Group saw heightened caution and delays in discretionary projects, 
especially in the US. This was driven by the significant drop in consumer sentiment in February, 
which preceded changes in global trade and tariffs creating a domino effect on retail CPG and TTH 
industries. However, prioritizing cost saving and defensive technology tech reduction and 
moderate introduction modernization initiatives especially on the interface digital core. There is fair 
interest in the adoption of next-gen technology such as AI, GenAI and IoT via relatively small 
projects. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
• 
I'll now share an example of how we help the greenfield transformation to S/4HANA, consolidating 
multiple ERP systems and harmonizing process across the group. A leading European rail 
company partnered with TCS to drive enterprise transformation. TCS leverages its deep domain 
and ERP expertise to simplify harms and integrate over 200 disjointed systems and business 
processes across five major divisions. TCS implemented a unified and scalable digital foundation 
in a hybrid architecture, comprising of a greenfield implementation of a leading ERP digital core, a 
business technology platform and a suite of cloud-based SaaS solutions. The transformation 
focused on improving process consistency, data quality, operational stability, efficiency through 
automation, decision support and financial reporting. The platform is implemented in four 
languages, supporting operations across multiple geographies and diverse user growth. This has 
improved vehicle maintenance quality, enabled cross-division life cycle to enable cross divisional 
life cycle view of asset and real estate portfolio, delivered cost savings in fleet control room 
operations, construction projects, real estate management and procurement business driving 
increased punctuality safety and comfort for customers. This strategic initiative has strengthened 
the client's digital backbone and laid the foundation for future ready operations.  
 
• 
In the technology, software and services industry, we saw modest growth through the quarter. 
Client IT budgets have remained flat, reflecting cautious optimism, amid geopolitical uncertainties 
and fluctuating inflation. Enterprises are now funding incremental technology upgrades through 
savings generated from optimization and rationalization efforts. Technology companies are 
leveraging GenAI to boost efficiency and experience across the value chain and also to optimize 
the software development life cycle. For a leading services company, TCS has redefined the 
software development life cycle by embedding GenAI-driven quality engineering across the 
organization. TCS established a centralized test center of excellence, integrating automation and 
GenAI across 150 plus critical applications developed with multiple tech stacks, powering over 500 
release cycles annually. This COE elevated quality engineering from a traditional function to a 
catalyst for business growth, continuously improving time-to-market product quality and ensuring 
an exceptional end-customer experience. This transformation also led to a 50% reduction in overall 
manual effort, the elimination of manual testing expanded test coverage and improved consistency, 
significantly enhancing overall product quality. 
 
• 
In Life Sciences & Healthcare, the client-specific challenges called out by us earlier are largely 
behind us. In Life Sciences, clients are significantly reducing operational costs and creating delivery 
models that align with our business goals, creating opportunities for vendor consolidation. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
• 
In Healthcare, spending is seen in initiatives, including tech-led business transformation, cost 
optimization, strengthening of cybersecurity vendor consolidation and scaling GenAI. However, in 
healthcare, deals are taking longer to close. Customers are moving cautiously and prioritizing 
critical business initiatives. Growth programs are being either postponed or timelines are being 
reassessed. 
 
• 
In Q4, we continued to see softness in Manufacturing. Auto industry is facing uncertainties due to 
EV downturn and turbulence in the ICE market with the burgeoning inventories. Auto OEMs are 
experiencing pressure, and we are seeing weak demand and cuts on discretionary spending. The 
aerospace industry is seeing a surge in demand for new planes and engines are struggling in the 
near term due to supply chain disruptions. In North America, momentum is building for cost 
optimization initiatives as part of renewals, vendor consolidation and automation, including GenAI. 
Cybersecurity and technical debt reduction initiatives are also gaining focus and momentum. For a 
leading luxury automobile OEM, TCS helped improve user experience by enhancing the 
ecosystem and vehicle architecture and making it future proof to cater to changing customer 
demands. TCS designed a high-performance system with high density, high-speed data 
communication with efficient power dissipating thermal management. 
 
• 
The communications media and information vertical continues to encounter industry-specific 
challenges and discretionary spend continues to remain under pressure. However, we saw growth 
improve this quarter led by demand from vendor consolidation, technology productivity and 
improvements programs. As businesses look to scale and secure their digital infrastructure in 
response to growing customer demands for individualized content and services. There is a 
noticeable movement towards cloud services and cybersecurity.  
 
• 
The Energy Resources and Utilities vertical continues to grow well. We have a strong pipeline 
of opportunities from both existing and potential clients. Key factors contributing to this strength 
include investments in advanced technologies such as AI, GenAI, data analytics, and energy 
storage to enhance operational efficiency and reliability. There is a shift towards energy sources 
that will generate new markets and opportunities for energy companies.  
 
• 
We continue to see traction in Growth Markets. Currently, we have a very strong deal pipeline, 
broad-based and robust TCV growth, led by a largely positive macroeconomic outlook, we expect 
to continue the momentum into the next fiscal. Key themes driving demand is public set in these 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
markets, on improving citizen experiences and implementing technologies, ensure social 
responsibility and cyber resilience with an emphasis on hyper personalization and environmental 
commitments. We are working on nation-building transformation projects in these markets. 
Moving on to service practices. In Q4, AI, GenAI, data and cloud IoT, DE and enterprise solutions 
drove strong client engagements and growth. Our pipeline of AI, GenAI engagement is higher than 
in the last few quarters, and we saw a significant increase in deal wins across AI for IT and AI for 
business. 
In FY '25, there was a noticeable shift in the cloud market with significant growth in sovereign cloud 
requirements, AI infrastructure investments and accelerated legacy modernization. These trends 
are driven by privacy real-time interest inference needs under demand for technological currency. 
Data modernization has paved the way for more AI and GenAI in business activities. There is an 
increasing demand for across industry GenAI use cases in the areas of contracts management, 
sales campaign content creation, customer servicing tech support smart data insights and talk to 
data, targeting higher productivity and better experiences. 
The propensity to roll out more GenAI use cases to production is increasing, and the organizational 
barriers witnessed earlier were diminishing. There is evident maturity in the request for GenAI pilots 
with a sharper focus on business outcomes rather than mere experimentation. The demand for app 
and data migration-modernization to the cloud is also increasing, driven by the need for 
simplification and responsiveness to dynamic business demands across various sectors. 
We also see an uptake of cloud FinOps and Center of Excellence services to enhance cost 
efficiency and service maturity. To give an example, TCS has been selected by South African state 
benefit scheme, Road Accident Fund to drive the cloud migration journey for improved operational 
resilience and better customer experience, driven by the vision to provide equitable and sustainable 
compensation system for motor vehicle accident victims. RAF partnered with TCS to realize its 
cloud-first strategy. As part of the engagement, TCS migrated RAF’s core infrastructure, business 
applications workloads to the public cloud, ensuring increased capacity utilization and effective 
oversight of business-critical activities. The shift to cloud has not only helped RAF gain competitive 
advantage but also enabled a robust claim process and increased delivery. TCS has also ensured 
skill transfer to our RAF employees, empowering them to make the maximum user a scalable, 
automated and seamless cloud environment.  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Our strategy on AI and data is focused on three clear levers. Relevance, scale and trust. First, we 
are investing deeply in industry-specific and data solutions because clients don't want generic tools. 
They want outcomes tailored to their business. Second, we are building scale through a strategic 
partnership and a unified platform approach. And third, we are emphasizing responsible AI and 
data governance. We are confident of improving our market share from being the partner of choice 
for our customers. Let me share a few examples of recent deal wins in AI and GenAI.  
• 
A large utility company in North America needs to manually inspect vegetation around its 
infrastructure. The scale is 5,000 plus per circuit, 50,000 circuit miles and more than 1.6 million 
individual trees. TCS has been chosen to build AI/ML model based on data across LiDAR, 
satellite imagery, weather patterns, vegetation characteristics, wildfire incidents, etcetera. These 
models aim to improve tree trim inspection, trim prescriptions, budgeting, forecasting and yearly 
risk prediction example of welfare hazard, helping utilities and communities manage vegetation 
and reduce hazards. 
 
• 
The European Energy and Digital Services Company has chosen TCS as a partner to launch 
the first AI factory for digital acceleration. It aims to build resilience to scalable AI solutions for 
energy, industrial and digital transition by leveraging TCS' innovation framework base. A few of 
the AI solutions include  
▪ 
AI assistant for faster audits of plant energy consumption data, enabling high-quality 
decarbonization scenarios. 
▪ 
The AI assistant for fire and safety field engineers to access multilingual fire safety 
protection standards from thousands of documents.  
▪ 
AI assistant to review contracts and provide risk-related recommendations 
▪ 
Voice Assistant for service risk transformation.  
 
• 
TCS has designed a unified supply chain insight solution powered by Agentic AI for U.S. 
biopharma. It enhances the ability of the control tower function within this supply chain with self-
service access to holistic insights from multiple sources. These sources span across structured 
and unstructured datasets and new articles.  
 
• 
Our success is evident in our strong performance in analyst surveys in FY '25, securing 43 
leadership positions across AI data and cloud, of which 3 were in data, 31 in cloud and 9 were 
in AI. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
To conclude, our expertise in AI and digital innovation, coupled with the unmatched knowledge of 
customer context and global scale makes us a pillar of support for our customers in this 
environment of macroeconomic uncertainty. We remain committed to staying close to our 
customers and helping them achieve their core priorities, with TCS comprehensive portfolio of 
offerings, best-in-class capabilities, innovation and thought leadership. 
Thank you. We can now open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our first question from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Thank you. Hi, everyone. So just a couple of questions. Firstly, Samir at the 
media conference, you mentioned some tactical investments, which is why the 
margins were a bit weak this quarter. Can you elaborate a little bit? 
Samir Seksaria: 
I meant tactical interventions, which had a sequential margin impact of 100 
basis points. And those are primarily promotions, which were effective 1st of 
January. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Okay. So just wondering, Samir, what drove it because the quarter growth was 
still slow, and you guys are not even certain about the wage hikes for next year 
when will they come into effect. So, what was the trigger behind these 
promotions which weren’t planned earlier? 
Samir Seksaria: 
It is not that promotions were not planned earlier. It is in its normal course. We 
were probably one of the only companies who gave a full cycle of increment 
also, starting at the beginning of the year. And these are not something which 
were unplanned. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Okay. Krithi, it's hard to be optimistic in the current environment. But usually in 
the past, after every crisis, there has been a tailwind for the IT industry as 
clients invest in various newer areas. So, in your conversations, once dust 
settles down on the tariff tantrums, do you think there are any new areas which 
could open up for the industry at least for the next one to two years? 
K Krithivasan: 
Medium to long term, Yogesh, I definitely believe there will be in two ways. One 
is AI/ GenAI is gaining a lot of traction and momentum. And currently, while the 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
immediate focus in many places has been on how we apply it on AI for IT, AI 
for Business is picking up a lot of traction. Like people are trying to see what 
are the use cases in the entire value chain, where they can deploy AI to 
improve customer experience, speed or whatever. 
 
So I definitely believe that will gain even more traction. The second is, as we've 
been calling out, many organizations, the technology debt continues to be very 
high. So, tech transformation in many forms, like moving into cloud, moving out 
of legacy infrastructure, all of them will also gain steam, once people have more 
visibility and certainty on the medium to long-term. So, I would call out for these 
specific areas of growth potential. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli 
from Kotak Mahindra AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Hi, Krithi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, you 
are still talking about the expectation of FY '26 being better than FY '25. This 
is despite the 8% decline in the full year bookings and some macro 
deterioration which we called out over the last four to five weeks. So, what is 
giving you this confidence? And are you betting on a major improvement in 
macro side going forward for this equation of FY '26 to be better than FY '25? 
K Krithivasan: 
So, Sudheer, we have had two quarters of good TCV.  And that's what one 
most important factor giving us confidence. And two is our belief.  We can go 
wrong or believe that this uncertainty will be short-lived. And some clarity will 
emerge, and our clients will start investing towards more technology 
transformation programs or adopting technology. So, this is essentially based 
on client conversations we are having. And we believe some of the pauses we 
saw are more temporary. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Fair enough, sir. And the second question is the order booking this quarter has 
been very strong on a sequential basis. And you're saying there is no mega 
deal within this. Any color on how the mix between renewals and new deals 
would have played out vis-à-vis December quarter? If there are any major shift 
towards new or towards renewals? 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
K Krithivasan: 
No, Sudheer, we've not been giving exact split. But in terms of percentage, 
there is no major change between renewal and new. And similarly, I can give 
another data point like between cost optimization programs as well as 
discretionary programs also, there has not been a major change compared to 
last quarter. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Fair enough, sir. Thank you so much. All the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Ravi Menon from 
Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you for the opportunity. You talked about how last quarter, I think that 
the deal durations are a little lower, and that means that the TCV will convert 
to revenue faster. So, should we think about the FY '25 deal wins in that context 
that although it's nearly 8% lower year-on-year because the durations are 
lower, still the ACV number is higher? 
K Krithivasan: 
Ravi, if I remember right, we talked about the deal cycles being shorter. They're 
shortening in Q3. We did not say the deal durations are shrinking. And the deal 
cycles continue to remain where it was at Q3 level. We did not say in Q3, the 
deal duration has shrunk. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you. So, the promotion cycle seems to be something that's unusual and 
I think that along with the wage hike deferrals seems to be conflicting signals. 
Could you explain a bit about that thinking? I mean, were these promotions 
that should have ideally been done last April and didn't happen, so it's almost 
a delay? How should we think about it? 
Milind Lakkad: 
Yes. So, these promotions were planned and that's why they were carried out. 
The wage hikes are for FY '26. And that is why, basically, that is the reason 
why we are basically looking at the way there is uncertainty in the environment. 
Once clarity emerges and then we will decide, when do we carry out these 
wage hikes. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you. And one last follow-up from me, if I may. Did you do a lot of higher-
and lateral hires this quarter? Would that also be part of the reason why 
employee costs are up? 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
Milind Lakkad: 
Our campus hires are going as per plan. Our lateral hires come in every 
quarter, depending on the business situation. That is how we have been 
operating all along. 
Ravi Menon: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JPMorgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Hi. Thank you. Just to start with, can you clarify your comment about fiscal '26 
better than fiscal '25? Is that for the whole business or is that only for the 
international business? 
K Krithivasan: 
Ankur, it is for the international business. Definitely, we believe, FY’26 will be 
stronger than FY'25. But there is also an expectation that once the uncertainty 
settles on, there is an opportunity for us to deliver as a whole business also 
because we are constantly looking to replace the headwind. I think you guys 
are all worried about how the BSNL revenue is going to be replaced. We are 
also constantly looking at opportunities to replace this revenue domestically 
and internationally also. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay. Thank you for the clarification. I just wanted to ask a bit about the wage 
increase. I think you've answered it in multiple ways, but just a clarification. In 
the last cycle, when were such promotions given? Is it along with the wage 
hike? Is it somewhere else? Is it sort of -- are you anniversarying such 
promotions? 
Milind Lakkad: 
See, we have been giving promotions every year as per the cycle every 
quarter. And that is what we have been following. And we have done two cycles 
of promotions. And as per the plan, and that has happened this year. So there's 
-- this is done as per the plan for FY '25. There are absolutely no delays in this. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay. Understood. So historically, this may be the same type of taken exist, 
maybe it's more visible this time versus the other periods? 
K Krithivasan: 
Ankur, promotions depending on the grade happen throughout the year, almost 
every quarter. In July and January, we give more promotions because at that 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
time the senior grades are addressed. For junior grades, the promotions 
happen almost every quarter. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay, understood. Thank you. Just a question on the AI side. You mentioned 
AI for IT and AI for Business. On the AI for IT side, is there any kind of deflation 
you see in your existing order book if you start to infuse AI proactively in 
existing projects? That's part one.  
And part two on AI for business, is this a net new opportunity in case innovation 
is really being funded by savings on the legacy side like you were mentioning 
in your prepared remarks? 
K Krithivasan: 
So, Ankur, on the first one, AI for IT, I won't try to call it deflation. We try to 
deploy AI in every project we do. And particularly, if there is AI for IT, because 
of AI if there is a productivity gain, we will try to share those gains with our 
customers. So, in that sense, that will be what we did with $100 if we are able 
to do with $95 or $90.  
And if I'm going to share a realize a benefit, we will share the same with the 
customer. And on AI for business, most of it would be net new because these 
are programs not done before at all. 
Ankur Rudra: 
But I understood from your comment that this was being -- I mean, at a budget 
level, it has been funded by saving on the legacy side.  
Ankur Rudra: 
I think on the budget side you mentioned that customers are funding AI 
innovation by saving cost saving initiatives. So, is that what you meant? 
K Krithivasan: 
That also happens. When there is a cost optimization, when customers have 
to do a new program, not all the funding will come from a new increase in 
spending. Some funding will come from savings on the existing program, which 
can come from AI for IT, if it saves something that can go towards funding a 
new AI for business programs.  
So, when I said AI for business is net new, those programs are net new. Some 
funding can happen from cost savings that come from AI for IT. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you so much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Apurva Prasad from 
Franklin Templeton. Please go ahead. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Thanks, Krithi, I'm trying to understand the current uncertainty that you 
mentioned in the business environment. So, the variability of, let's say, 2 
percentage points from the beginning of the quarter expectation to where you 
finally ended. Is that largely a function of how March played out because the 
decline in the large program would have been fairly anticipated? 
K Krithivasan: 
A good portion of that came from delays that happened in March. But I think 
from the middle of February, some sectors like this because this chatter 
started, particularly as I called out, when consumer confidence fell, it started 
falling towards the end of February itself.  
So, like we said that some sectors, we had some delays and deferrals started 
happening in late February or third week of February, but a significant part of 
it is in March. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Okay. And you touched upon this earlier, but how do you see the net impact of 
AI for business versus AI for IT playing out currently in the business and then 
your reckoning over the next few years because it's very clearly deflationary in 
the current service portfolio and because there seems to be more cost 
optimization and budgets are flat. So, the net impact between the two over the 
medium term in your reckoning? 
K Krithivasan: 
Apurva, I can answer for this year. See, for instance, in one of our large deals 
we won, we demonstrated to our customer how AI for IT can save them 
significant cost. That resulted in the customer actually giving us a much larger 
portfolio and resulted in market share gain. For TCS, it proved to be a net 
incremental in revenue, not deflationary.  
So just because AI for IT can bring in productivity doesn't mean it has to be –
reducing our overall revenue. It can help us with market share gain. And we do 
see instances. Currently, even otherwise also, we are not seeing instances 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
where AI for IT is creating deflationary situation, and after including AI for 
business, we see net-net positive at this time. 
K Krithivasan: 
But Apurva, just keep in mind like all these projects, we are not talking about 
huge material number at this time on these AI, we are doing a lot of projects, 
but many of them tend to be medium to small. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Yes, you did indicate the pipeline is higher, but not quantify that, but I'll take 
that. And this is just finally, for Samir, on margins, if you're indicating that 
international markets are going to be better, '26 versus '25 and, let's say, lower 
impact of software license and equipment cost. What are the headwinds that 
you're seeing for '26 margins? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Right. So I think if the current uncertainty prevails, like in the present 
circumstances that can lead to lower operating leverage as utilization will be 
impacted and sudden contraction in demand delays or deferrals can have an 
impact on margins, so that is one headwind. Secondly, we might not enjoy the 
margin benefit coming from currency movement as we have seen in FY '25. 
Apurva Prasad: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Vibhor Singhal from 
Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Krithi, just a little bit of more color on 
the overall environment that we are seeing at this point of time. So, at this point 
of time, is it fair to say that the uncertainty that we are seeing or the delayed 
decision making that you talked about is actually present across the segments 
or is it more prevalent in, let's say, verticals which are directly impacted by the 
tariff implementations like manufacturing on retail? Any color on the vertical-
wise conversations that would be really helpful? 
K Krithivasan: 
There is some impact across the board, but there are some sectors more 
impacted than others. For instance, our consumer business, you're seeing 
more impact like retail, CPG, airlines, travel hospitality, we see more impact. 
Similarly, there is an impact in the auto sub segment within manufacturing.  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
But if you take BFSI, by and large the segment is doing okay. There is some 
softness in insurance. This is a general color I can give you, Vibhor, in terms 
of the industry level detail. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
And any color on hi-tech also. I mean we have seen a lot of the hyperscalers 
and companies talking about softness. Anything on that side? 
K Krithivasan: 
Our hi-tech segment per se is not significantly impacted. But we classify 
professional services under the overall tech services umbrella. Professional 
services have some softness. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Fair enough. That's really helpful. Samir, you've talked about the 
headwinds and tailwinds that you're looking at for the margins next year. But 
as Krithi has mentioned that we are looking for the developed markets at least 
to grow higher than FY '25. If that situation prevails, should we expect margins 
in FY '26 to be also better than what FY '25 margins were? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Yes. So overall, our aspiration for revenue growth with profitability and 
operating margins getting closer to 26% still remains. And I think -- so to your 
direct question, yes, we should be able to improve margins. And that -- I mean, 
one broad-based revenue growth should bring in efficiencies and better 
operating leverage. And the levers which we have been banking on still 
continue to provide some potential like the ones of pyramid, productivity and 
realization. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. That's really helpful. Just one last question, if I may squeeze in. I mean, 
I know we've talked about our business de-risking ourselves from the 
dependence on H1B visa and all. But there are any changes to that you see at 
this point of time that with the strong anti-immigration stand that the 
government seems to be approaching? 
 
Do we need to make any changes or any kind of different hiring that you 
envisage over the coming quarters? Or do you think it's going to be business 
as usual for us on that front? 
Milind Lakkad: 
I think it has been the same, whatever we got the H1B visas last year, our 
actual ratios are even better this year. And moreover, basically, our model is 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
global. We will continue to hire people globally and historically proven that 
these H1B visa do not affect our business model. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Thank you so much for taking my question. I wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Gaurav Rateria from 
Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Thanks for taking my question. The first question is with respect to a comment 
that you made in your press release that over a third of your client 
engagements use AI, GenAI for accelerated project outcomes and high quality. 
Just trying to understand, is it referring to the overall projects that you work 
with your clients in the entire business, one third of your all projects have some 
or other element of AI from a software engineering perspective? Any color on 
that will be helpful. 
K Krithivasan: 
See what's happening is, any program that we sign today, there is a request 
and expectation from the customer that there would be a leverage of AI. It need 
not necessarily mean that the whole program will be done in AI. 
 
There'll be an expectation that for some aspects of Software Engineering, we'll 
leverage AI, and through AI, it will be expected to deliver a certain amount of 
productivity. So, this is a normal course because as more and more ADM 
projects come up for renewal? Or even without coming up for renewal, there 
will be expectations from customers. We will keep them future-ready by 
infusing AI. We don't see any -- and the productivity benefits if we realize, we 
pass it on, our share with the customer. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. My second question is on your strategy for talent for building AI for 
Business. Have you seen any change in your mix of hiring, either from campus 
or laterals which kind of changes the quality versus quantity from a futuristic 
perspective? And would that also mean that there have been some up-front 
investments in the P&L, which will accrue to you in terms of greater demand in 
future? 
Milind Lakkad: 
So, I think if you look at our trainee intake, yes, the percentage of hires we 
have in digital is 40% compared to 17% last year. So that definitely changes 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
from a standpoint of a mix -- and 50% of our lateral hires are coming in with 
high-end skills, including AI/GenAI and others as well. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Okay. And lastly, Krithi, getting into the 1Q, how would you see your visibility 
for a quarter at least? And how do you compare that to last year when you 
were getting into 1Q? Is it similar, better, worse? Thank you. 
K Krithivasan: 
I'd say, when we got into Q1 of last year, probably we had more visibility than 
what we have today. But at the same time, we are entering the quarter with 
two good quarters of TCV also. As I said, I believe this current uncertainty will 
be more short lived and more clarity will emerge. 
 
And once that emerges, we'll be very confident of the quarter. So compared to 
last Q1, I would say we are -- maybe there is more uncertainty. But at the same 
time, we are entering with a strong TCV and pipeline for the future. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Kumar Rakesh from 
BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question was around margins. So 
you spoke about that there is a 60 basis point impact on marketing exercises. 
Is that one-time in nature or will that be recurring going forward? And also, the 
promotion spending, which you said that is the usual part of your planned 
program. So, if you can give some understanding what it was like last year 
during this quarter? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Okay. I'll handle the first one in terms of the 60 basis points. So these were 
mainly marketing interventions, higher travel, some purpose-driven initiatives 
or CSR expense. Nothing unusual, you'll have pluses and minuses each 
quarter. So, it's not very significant to call out as an exceptional or a onetime 
item. I'll let Milind answer on what the number of promotions were last time. 
Milind Lakkad: 
Our promotion cycle in FY '25 was exactly the same as what we had in FY '24. 
There is no material difference between the two cycles or between the two 
years. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Understood, thanks for that. My second question was on the deal TCV, which 
has picked up over the last two quarters and that would be one of the areas 
which could be giving you confidence going into FY '26? But can you give some 
color on what has changed between from first half to second half. Maybe some 
color on if what has been the mix, how the deals have changed between these 
two periods? 
K Krithivasan: 
Yes.To some extent, in 2H, TCV tends to be lumpy. I don't want to read too 
much into something change, okay? But what happened is we were able to 
close more deals compared to before. 
 
Similarly, in terms of mix also, I don't see a significant mix change between 1H 
and 2H, in terms of discretionary versus non-discretionary or renewal vs new. 
The mix has been, by and large, the same. So there is no major difference. But 
as I said, there have been more closures in Q3 and Q4, resulting in higher 
TCV. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
So better execution and possibly better decision-making? 
K Krithivasan: 
I would say, faster and more decision-making, execution continues to be more 
focused from our teams. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Understood. Going forward, at least in the first quarter, do you have reasonable 
confidence that this momentum should continue into next year? 
K Krithivasan: 
So, that's what we see like, TCV is very difficult to predict because it changes 
based on even the customer delays a decision by a week or two, it can cross 
over a quarter. So, what we can talk about is our pipeline. Our pipeline 
continues to be strong at a very high level and so it gives us the confidence.  
As decisions are being made, we will have a strong win rate, and we'll be able 
to report a good TCV. But it can change. From quarter-to-quarter comparison 
on TCV, it will be very difficult to make some sense or draw meaningful trends  
unless there is a huge difference. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
So, on the pipeline side, quarter-on-quarter it has been steady or positive. 
That's fair to say? 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
April 10, 2025, 19:00hrs IST (08:30hrs US ET) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
K Krithivasan: 
It has been steady and slowly increasing. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Perfect. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, moderator.  
In FY '25, our revenue grew by 4.2% year-on-year in constant currency, with 
an operating margin of 24.3% and a net margin of 19%.  
We are pleased with the strong TCV of 12.2 billion in Q4, with sharp uptick 
seen across markets and industries. 
 
We are monitoring the global situation very closely. We continue to stay close 
to our clients and strive to be the partner of relevance at all times. I would like 
to thank all TCSers for their effort and unwavering dedication to realizing their 
own and company's potential. 
 
We are looking forward to the promising opportunities that 2025 will bring to us 
with cautious optimism. With that, we wrap up our call today. Thank you all for 
joining us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. On behalf of TCS, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
Note:  
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a 
verbatim record of the proceedings. 
