  
 
 
BATA INDIA LIMITED 
CIN: L19201WB1931PLC007261 
Registered Office: 27B, Camac Street, 1st Floor, Kolkata-700016, West Bengal II Tel.: (033) 22895796 II  Fax: (033) 22895748 
E-mail: in-customer.service@bata.com II Website: www.bata.in 
  June 4, 2025 
 
The Manager  
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building,  
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400051      
 
The Secretary 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Limited 
7, Lyons Range, 
Kolkata - 700001 
 
BSE Security Code: 500043 
NSE Symbol: BATAINDIA  
CSE Scrip Code: 10000003  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Post Earnings call 
This is further to our letters dated May 27, 2025, May 30, 2025 and June 2, 2025, on the captioned subject. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as 
amended), we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Post Earnings Call (Group Call) held on Monday, June 
2, 2025. 
 
The same shall also be made available on our website i.e. www.bata.in  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For BATA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
NITIN BAGARIA 
AVP (Special Projects) – Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
NITIN 
BAGARIA
Digitally 
signed by 
NITIN BAGARIA

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Bata India Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 02, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GUNJAN SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BATA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AMIT AGGARWAL – DIRECTOR FINANCE AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – BATA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NITIN BAGARIA – AVP AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY – BATA INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. GAURAV JOGANI – JM FINANCIAL 
INSTITUTIONAL SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Bata India Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing the star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gaurav Jogani. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you. Hello, everyone. On behalf of JM Financial, it's my pleasure to welcome you all to 
Bata India's Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. From the management, we have with us 
today Mr. Gunjan Shah, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Amit Aggarwal, Director Finance 
and Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Nitin Bagaria, AVP and Company Secretary.  
I would now like to hand over the call to the management. Thank you, and over to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Bagaria: 
Thank you, Gaurav, and thank you, JM Financial team, for putting this together. Very warm 
welcome to all of you. I have with me Gunjan, MD and CEO; and also Amit Aggarwal, 
Director Finance and CFO. 
 
We have shared the presentation with the stock exchanges last week. We'll be taking you 
through the same. We'll navigate the slides as well as the page numbers to stay synchronized. 
On Page number 2, you have the disclaimer. I'm sure you have gone through the same. 
 
I'll now request Gunjan to take over and thank you once again for joining. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Hi, everyone. Good morning. Welcome to the call. I will jump to the presentation, Slide 
number 3, and also in line with the previous presentations over the last couple of quarters, I 
will focus on a few focused levers that we are consistently driving amongst the overall strategy 
of driving growth profitably. 
 
Okay. So, the 3 levers, just for refresh, driving same-store growth, portfolio evolution on a few 
focused portfolio levers and the last one being inventory agility/complexity. So, we'll try and 
update you on the various initiatives and how that's been progressing. 
 
Within the store growth, there is Zero Base Merchandising. We made obviously some decent 
progress post the last quarter, where we were scaling up the pilot, and the second one was on 
driving value proposition in the stores. 
 
If you can just move to Slide number 5, you will see where we have tried to picturize what is 
the kind of change that we are trying to do through Zero Base Merchandising visually besides 
obviously the numbers that I will talk about subsequently. I have also spoken about the 
numerical part, but this will pictorially tell you how the stores look different. 
 
Just to give you, the objective is to make the stores more inviting. As you can see in this 
example of one of the stores, the barriers to visibility, insight depth into the store, the number 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 3 of 16 
 
of fixtures that were on the store, that have been reduced, while simultaneously increasing 
seating, which helps and aids conversion, especially on the busy weekend, etcetera, when there 
is a surplus of consumables in the store. 
 
It also enables us to make the store more clutter free. While the picture does not show that, but 
I will move you to Slide number 6, which shows on the left side what are the key inputs that go 
into unmeasurable and numerical manner onto Zero Base Merchandising. We are now to about 
146 stores. So, it's obviously a very large expansion from less than 40 or so last quarter. The 
pace has obviously gone up as we have learned to do this much faster. Obviously, we want to 
keep on doing this much faster. This quarter also, it's going be a very large focus area. 
 
Associated with this is that the number of lines in the store have dropped by almost 40%. The 
inventories have dropped by about 25%. What we measure as availability of various size sets 
and articles has gone up significantly versus net of control by about 300 basis points. And the 
retrieval time as a key measure for customer experience and success is reduced to less than 1 
minute at 45 seconds, which is what the pilot was also. So, it's being done now at scale versus 
more than 1.5 minutes for the rest of the network. 
 
What this shows is that despite the muted demand, etcetera, that these stores do deliver 
significant key success factors. The ones that we measure for the ZBM is that how are they 
doing versus controlled stores in the same city, and they are all in the positive as the numbers 
show to you, both in terms of consumer experience as well as in terms of financial outcomes. 
 
Okay. Moving to Slide number 7. The other lever was driving value proposition. We've made 
again significant progress on this. Now it's spread all across the network. We would also has 
started seeing some impact of this from a volume growth objective, but still a long way to go 
in my view of what would define success for this. 
 
As you can see now, especially on the ladies Bata core essentials that we call, right, the price 
points have been already discovered, last time I shared this. Now it is spread across almost 
about the full network. Simultaneously, we have also introduced and launched the whole 
Power Move+ collection, which is starting at a very attractive price point, with some very 
cutting-edge designs that we have developed along with some of our China partners. 
 
We will expand this much, much larger. There are some exciting results in the latter part of the 
previous quarter, but we will see this going larger even towards the second half of this calendar 
year. Obviously, parallelly, we are also expanding this across the network. This kind of a price 
point deserves to be there across the board. So, it will go to all Bata stores. Hopefully, that 
should also drive volumes for us and, therefore, volume-driven revenue growth. 
 
Slide number 9 and moving to the next lever, which is on -- basically on certain focused 
portfolios. One -- first one is Floatz and, therefore, the volume category. It continues its 
attractive growth trajectory, as you can see here, now at pretty large volumes. It is also -- 
continues its growth rate of almost 40% plus. 
 
As you can see out here, it's almost more than doubled in the last 2 years backed by solid 
volumes. And obviously, as I mentioned, that it comes at a -- in most stores, it comes at a 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 4 of 16 
 
premiumized price, PSP. As you can also see that we are also trying to use some amount of 
science behind how we are trying to display it with a silhouette led display with the range now 
expanding, but simultaneously trying to bring out a story, as you can see in the pre and post 
photographs that have been done. 
 
We are also investing big time in this portfolio behind collabs, which we see is one of the key 
drivers for consumer interest, especially in the youngsters, both kids as well as below 10 as 
well as 10 to 15 or 10 to 16. And we will increase collabs. We have done this with Marvel. 
Donald goes live -- has actually go on live already in stores, right? And we will have obviously 
some more campaigns coming across going forward. So, we hope that this growth rate 
trajectory continues on this part of the portfolio. 
 
Moving to Slide number 10. Another piece that has actually taken a lot of our effort has been 
Power portfolio. Besides the Move+, which was a price point driver, we have also introduced 2 
new technologies, EasySlide has been there for some time, now is getting scaled up. Now we 
are taking it to 1,200 doors. We are also resetting the price point on this to make it even more 
attractive. And also, the Stamina+ collection, which is at a premium end at about INR4,000 
MRP. 
 
And that has shown some good results in the first launch in the last quarter, and that's been 
taken to almost 400 doors. So, the technology as well as the premium objective on Power 
continues while we do the Power Move+ that I talked about in value propositions. 
 
Continuing forward to Slide number 11. Hush Puppies continued its expansion on the premium 
side, right? As you can see, consistent quarter-on-quarter store expansion, and that journey 
continues, both through the franchise model as well as the COCO model. We have also 
associated, as I had shared with you last time, with Vir Das and Sahiba Bali. And they were the 
centrepiece of the office speaker campaign, the Ease, please that you see. And that has given 
us some very good results. It's also burnished our credentials on taking the comfort premium 
credentials of Hush Puppies into a semi-formal space. And we expect that to unlock revenue 
growth for us going forward. 
 
On Slide number 12, moving on to the inventory agility lever. So obviously, a whole bunch of 
numbers that are flowing in the next couple of slides, as you can see. They are continuation of 
the updates that I've shared with you all in the previous presentations for the last couple of 
quarters. 
 
So, on Slide number 13, if we can move there. So, the number of clients overall across the 
network, while I talked about the ZBM stores, right, overall, across the network also reduced 
by almost about 30% year-on-year. The top articles, the way we look at it is that while we 
reduce the whole success of this is that while we reduce inventory and complexity, we keep on 
increasing our size fulfilment as well as ability to satisfy consumers in store. 
 
So, it's a dual balanced objective. We develop -- deliver both, then it's excellence on this front. 
So that has gone up. As you can see on the numbers, it's 12% better than where it was last year, 
despite significant reduction of availability and 7% better on overall. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
The clutter at stores, so basically, the objective is that total net lines, including any 
discontinued lines at stores, are what is this clutter at store, and that lines for store is the active 
lines that we are sending into the stores, right? So, both of them are significantly reduced. 
 
The next chart on 14 on inventory agility is more talking on financial terms. The inventory is a 
significant drop at 16%. This is over a continuing drop over the last almost now 5 quarters that 
we have managed to do. That has shown up in terms of turns also. 
 
We still see some more meat going forward on this entire piece, not only in total quantity, but 
also on the quality of inventory, which is what you see in the aged inventory that's about 30% 
to 35% lower. 
 
So, in that line and the potential that we see on this, we will -- I'll take you through Slide 
number 15. We have launched off a large transformation project with an external partner on 
what we call is Customer First, on how are we able to make sure that everything that we are 
doing through the organization comes through the value chain and impacts the consumer. 
 
So, consumer centricity, making sure that we are agile enough to adapt to trends, the pipeline 
is kept efficient enough so that we are able to react fast, driving it through operational 
excellence, so making sure leakages are, how do you say, tightened up. And last but not the 
least, making sure data is at the core of all the decisions that we take, including innovation. 
 
So, it's going to result in tangible outcomes that we foresee over the next several quarters. The 
project has already been kicked off, and we are looking at great benefits, so furthering already 
some initial signs that we have seen on this front that I shared with you in the last previous 
slides. 
 
Slide number 16, a few other highlights. Now franchise stores stand at about 625. For the first 
time after a long time, we have started seeing some revival and contribution from the less than 
INR1,000 price point, which shows up in our volume growth, though we would have desired 
much more, so that we can also result that into revenue growth, which we are hopeful for 
going forward. 
 
Overall, NPS stands at a high of 85. Efficiency parameters on the stores have gone up. We are 
also, in our distribution business, expanding our key retail outlets, which are our activation 
program for the MBOs to now almost about 1,400 outlets. 
 
We installed our largest ever capex in the back end in Batanagar in the PUDIP machine. This 
backs our commercialization of the IMEVA machine that we did last year. These are all in line 
with what we feel is the right strategy for manufacturing, which is automated capex, 
technology intensive, and IPR driven is what we want to own, while we use contract packers 
for the manual labour-intensive pieces, fashion driven. 
 
We were also recognized for some awards. We ran a few campaigns, as you can see out here, 
during the quarter. And also, collabs with fashion designers. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
With that, I will take you to the last slide, which is Slide number 18, and I will invite Amit to 
talk on this. Amit? 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Good morning, everyone. From a financial slide’s perspective, the overall revenue from 
operations stood at INR788 crores, which is a value decline of about 1.2% compared to the 
previous year same quarter. The gross margin were at about INR455 crores, while there is an 
erosion of about 230 bps versus the last year same quarter. 
 
EBITDA margin reported is at about 25.5%. The change versus last year is about 14 bps lower. 
Now in the EBITDA margin, there is a change in accounting for one of the licensed brands 
based on the Ind AS. Like-to-like EBITDA margin versus last year would have been about 
23.5%. 
 
From a PAT perspective, overall, PAT stood at about INR46 crores, which is a decline of 
about 215 bps versus last year same quarter. Over to you, Gaurav. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, firstly, on the gross margin contraction this quarter, now I understand that increased 
franchising operations will also lead to some gross margin dilution. So, if you can maybe 
quantify the impact of that and the rest, if there is any gross margin contraction, the reasons for 
that? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. So, a couple of factors that contributed to it. One is obviously the mix. It's obviously 
franchise and e-commerce, as I mentioned in the past, does have a different implication on the 
way it flows through from a gross margin to EBIT level. 
 
But also, the fact that we have been consciously providing value proposition, while we are 
parallelly working towards resetting the cost structure for some of our lead products like the 
kind of example that I mentioned, Sameer, in my presentation. And that should pan out over 
the next -- so both of these are the things that have contributed to the gross margin that you 
see. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Second is, sir, more bookkeeping question. If you can help me with the channel mix 
in terms of revenues for this year, COCO, franchisee, multi-brand distribution and e-
commerce. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Should be basically about for the year, can I have it handy? Retail would be about 70% COCO. 
You will have franchise at about 7.5%, e-commerce at about 10%. And you will have IND at 
about 12% to 13%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Videesha Sheth from AMBIT Capital. 
Videesha Sheth: 
The first question was that you ended the year with 100-odd stores being added. So how 
should we think of store addition momentum going forward? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. It should be a little higher going forward, Videesha, right now as we look at it, right? 
Obviously, as I mentioned, we would want to continue. And we've largely retained, which is 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 7 of 16 
 
about an 80-20 ratio between franchise and COCO. But it should be a little higher next year 
compared to the previous year that we've seen. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Got it. And if you could just help with the revenue contribution of revenue mix from the key 
brands that you operate being Power, Hush Puppies, Comfit, etcetera? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. We don't share that, but basically, I would say that the second and the third largest brand 
after Bata, which is the largest by far, is Hush Puppies and Power. They would be in the strong 
double digits in the range of about 20%. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Noted, noted. And just 2 small clarifications on my end. In Slide number 6, so when you're 
talking about the output of the Zero-Based -- or sorry, of the value proposition there, I just 
wanted to check that is it fair to interpret that the opening price points are currently available 
only in 600 stores out of the entire network? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay, No, no. The value propositions, you're talking on Slide number 7. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Sorry. Slide number 7 on the left-hand side. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, yes, yes. No. So this is basically trying to talk about that overall universe, which is the 
price point that you see. So, let's say, for example, the core price point of INR799, Videesha, 
right, would be a core in, let's say, for example, about 800 stores, what is the opening price 
point for the balance 600 stores. 
 
So, from a full portfolio on the table, we have an opening price point, and that's basically 
suitable as the opening price point in the store for, let's say, about 600 stores, which have been 
taken to 800 as part of driving the value. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Understood. And on the slide earlier to that, which is on the Zero-Base Merchandising, the 
import and -- or the output is being showcased in this slide. That would be for all the 146 
stores. Or again, it will be a sample out of stores -- 146 stores? 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, no. This is for all 146 stores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial Institutional Securities. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
So, my question is with regards to this -- the lower other expenses this quarter. So, you did, I 
think, mention that there is some adjustment with regards to the license rights. So, if you can 
explain that a bit in detail and what exactly it is. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. I'll ask Amit to do this. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Gaurav, in terms of -- see there is a change in the construct of one of our licensed brands. And 
in line with the earlier, the ex-royalty, what we were paying towards the usage of the brand 
was being charged as other expenses. However, in line with the India's requirement due to 
change in the structuring of the agreement, the same has been led to creation of an intangible 
asset, which you would see in the balance sheet side also. Therefore, once I create an 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 8 of 16 
 
intangible asset, the amortization and the financial liability of the same gets charged in the 
form of depreciation and finance costs on a like-for-like basis, yes. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
No. So, my question, sir, would this be a recurring in nature? I mean, every quarter now... 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Yes, yes. It will be recurring. So, we will have 3 more quarters where there will be numbers 
may not be comparable with reference to the previous year. Once we reach quarter 4 of '26 
financial year, then number starts becoming like-to-like. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, and that explains the reason why the other expenses have declined so much on a Y-o-Y 
basis. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Yes. Apart from that also, there is an improvement or underlying initiatives, which we have 
run, which has led to improvement in overall other expenses. If you look at purely from a P&L 
perspective, if I exclude the gross margin impact, the overall cost structure, which is including 
your employee expenses, finance cost, depreciation and other expenses, overall, the trend is 
marginally lower versus last year. 
 
In terms of percentage of revenue, it has marginally gone up by 30 basis points, which also 
includes one exception -- one-off exceptions of about, let's say, 100 basis points in terms of my 
employee cost. 
Gunjan Shah: 
It should not be recurring. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
It should not be recurring in nature. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. So, you're saying the employee cost is higher by 100 bps approximately this quarter, 
right? Because the run rate was around INR100-odd crores a quarter basis. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Yes. Roughly, yes. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay, okay. And sir, my next question is with regards to the overall demand conditions. So, 
you did highlight that in the 146 stores where you have implemented the zero-base budgeting, 
there, you were able to see a better revenue conversion, volume, etcetera. 
 
But what about the remaining? Is it largely because of the muted demand environment exactly 
or there is some other issue as well? Because of this, the overall revenue performance is 
thought being flattish rather is what I would say. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, yes. No. So obviously, we know that the demand conditions are -- have been tight, 
Gaurav. However, within that, what we see is that our ability to do 2, 3 things, right? One is 
provide the right kind of portfolio to consumers, which we are looking for, and many of them 
are what we see very clearly are looking for some kind of a relief from the overall inflation 
that they've seen and, therefore, value for money. 
 
The second piece is our ability to showcase that to the consumers in a tangible way, which is, 
are you able to showcase them in a non-cluttered way, are you able to showcase them in a full 
set manner, which is all sizes, etcetera, our ability to make sure that they are served well. And 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 9 of 16 
 
those are the ones which are resulting in the delta performance that we see and which we are 
measuring for. 
 
So -- which is why we are looking at it very aggressively across the various levers that I've 
talked about. And hopefully, that should result in the overall network getting impacted over a 
period of time. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. Sure. And sir, just lastly, I mean, on the Floatz side, your Floatz have been really doing 
well for you. Has this now been expanded across all the stores? Or still it remains in terms of 
the presence limited to most of the metro towns or certain kiosk that you were trying to open 
earlier? 
Gunjan Shah: 
It is across stores. It is across stores, Gaurav. It is now in some stores. It is now resulting in 
basically some of the places where we have opened kiosks, etcetera, and -- which is to cater to 
basically where we might not have the right kind of store footprint or we want to have a point 
of sale, which shows up consumers the Floatz proposition. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. Sir, I think last time, you did mention that this has already crossed, I think, $1 billion 
plus in revenues for us. Any number that you would want to put out for this brand? 
Gunjan Shah: 
At the run rate, in fact, it costs out by a handsome margin. I'm assuming $1 billion is INR100 
crores, right? So, it plotted by a handsome margin last year. And this year, my sense is if this 
continues momentum, right, we should be in the range of about INR200 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from PhillipCapital. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So, my first question is on the inventory. You're now introducing more of the Power products 
in the stores, which could be at a higher ASP. Two, we are reducing inventory in those stores 
of other products, which 2 years back was not there. Apparel was not there 2 years back in the 
store. So, what kind of the inventory are we reducing in the stores? So, I understand that clutter 
getting reduced. But what are these new products replacing in the store? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. So, there are 2, 3 pilots that are there on this, Ankit. Then, I mean, obviously, we can 
speak a long time because there's a lot of effort that's gone in. The results are now being seen, 
but it's been in the works for almost about a year, right? 
 
So, the first thing that there is, the one that I'm sure you can tangibly see is, reducing the aged 
inventory, which is basically to do with on 2 fronts, right? One is reacting fast on a slow-
moving product. And the second one is to make sure that we are also ordering in the right 
manner. Right now, the technology of the Blue Yonder that we've implemented, some of the 
processes and governance that has been put in place, etcetera, etcetera, leading up to that. 
 
So, reduction of aged inventory, which is redundant inventory, does not provide proposition. 
We don't market it to consumers is one big lever. The second one is basically making sure that 
we are able to have sharpish collection for the new products. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
Now making a new -- let's say, for example, a new sandal or a new loafer just by itself does 
not -- at least we believe, does not basically lead to great success or great probability of 
success. We need to present a collection to consumers, and -- which is what, let's say, this 
entire Power Move+ is. It's a collection of articles, which are basically sitting in a certain 
proposition of, let's say, in this case, value-added certain technology at a certain democratize 
price and, therefore, leads to pitching a story to the consumers. 
And hopefully, a good chance of success that we've seen, or Floatz, for the matter or, let's say, 
the office sneakers from Hush Puppies. So that's the second thing. I don't -- so that also forced 
the teams to be far more choiceful in the new products that we bring in. 
 
The last thing that's there and which is, I think, the one that is going to result in a lot more 
work going forward is cannibalization. Is there a distinct reason for a product to be on the 
shelf? I mean if it's another sandal with the same black color, if it's the same slip-on with the 
same brown color, are you offering enough reason for the consumer to be able to see it 
differently versus another one against it right on the shelf? So, are the price points enough 
different, etcetera? 
 
And this has also resulted in -- that is what I've talked about in ladies value proposition that 
one is the value proposition of opening price points, etcetera, but the other one is the collab's 
price points. And then that results in questioning that do you need the same sandal, which was 
at, let's say, for example, INR799 and you have another one at INR899. 
 
Now they might not necessarily need to coexist together. Either one of them will serve the 
proposition to the consumer. So, these are 3 broad levers, obviously, results in a lot more work. 
But effectively, that's what is resulting in this. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And sir, in a lean demand environment, what we have seen in last 3 or 4 quarters, if the 
demand doesn't play out, do we see higher discounting? How does the supply chain at the 
back-end work given that you're more sharper in the inventory? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. So, it does result in that. It comes with the lag and which is what I answered to someone 
else who was talking about it, that we are now also making sure that the products that we are 
looking for value proposition, we want to reset the cost price. The volumes go up on a per 
article basis. My ability to amortize costs and, therefore, get per pair cost down goes up, 
etcetera. 
 
So, they do result in that. What it also helps is that because you've got conscious -- limited 
conscious choices of new products, your ability to react is far better. If a product is selling well 
in one part of the geography versus another, we move that stock out. Obviously, it slows you 
down if you've got more and more clutter in the pipeline. So yes, it does result in a much better 
efficiency. Therefore, lower intensity of markdown after a lag. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, my last question is on the focused product scheme announced in the budget. We haven't 
seen the handprint of that from the ministry side. Do you think if implemented we'll see a lot 
more of the global brands coming in the country or exports as opportunity will open up for you 
to the parent? How should we read that from a budget perspective? 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. While we await the fine print in the retail, as you've rightly said, there is not so much of 
clarity. However, the piece is that -- and I think there is already a lot of ecosystem that is 
developing because of BIS itself Ankit, right? So that we can see evidence of that. 
 
From a Bata perspective, we are obviously consciously working, and I have mentioned this, on 
creating a complete structure within Bata India, which can basically cater to Bata globally. 
And that's going to be opportunity, which will keep ramping up over a period of time. And as 
we see tangible progress, I will keep updating you on it. And if there is clarity on PLI or any 
other scheme, etcetera, it will only provide impetus on this going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from IKIGAI Asset. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Gunjan, a couple of questions. Firstly, on this resetting of the business, that's the way I'm 
looking at it… 
Gunjan Shah: 
Can you speak a little louder, Rahul? 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Yes. Yes, sure. Is this better? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. I was basically looking at Bata in terms of the entire resetting of this business. I 
understand the demand is weak, but you're obviously doing more premium, some automation 
focus, more efficient inventory management. From an investor perspective, what would you 
expect Bata to look like 3, 5 years out? 
 
When you are tangibly measuring success of these changes, how should we look at it? 
Specifically talk about financial metrics. How -- will the Bata look very different from what 
we are looking at today in terms of growth, margins, in terms of balance sheet turns? Anything 
would you want to highlight? That's the first question. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. Why don't you complete your question, Rahul? 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Sure. And second was more a bit shorter term, let's say, next 2 years. You talked about volume 
growth, consecutive quarters, now better. But obviously, pricing is paying its own part. The 
way to look at growth for Bata should be more format-wise, which you discussed about retail, 
FOFO, COCO, e-commerce, industrial. And what it entails when the salience changes, what it 
entails for the gross margin operating margin? 
 
Because assuming that whatever right now, fourth quarter, you've reported based on that 
salience and incremental growth outlook. How does this business look like in, let's say, 2 
years? How should we look at growth in ASP and different format growth, whatever you want 
to talk about? 
 
The relative question also was on inventory and working capital. Should we expect more 
rationalization on inventory, which you alluded that we'll continue to work on that? This 80 
days of inventory of sales, which you look at, does it further decline? And where this business 
stabilizes over a 2-year time frame? Those are my questions. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. All right, Rahul. So, they are pretty much linked together, Rahul, so I'll try and see 
without -- we don't normally give you -- give forward-looking commentary. But however, at 
least from a trust area and an impetus perspective, I will try and give you few markers and 
more than happy to see whether the team can connect with you offline also. 
 
One is that we want to make sure Bata is, how do you say, the heart of our consumer base, 
which is basically the middle-class Indian is what it remains to be, right, and how do we make 
sure that we are relevant to that. From all the initiatives that are either I'm talking about it or 
the ones that we want to go going forward. 
 
So, making sure that the product portfolio, our communication strategy, our stores, the way 
they look, etcetera, the way the experience for consumers is, is all connected towards this one 
larger objective from a consumer perspective. 
 
The second theme that's there is that we want, over the next not only 2 years, but also 5 years, 
to make sure that we -- it's a volume-driven growth trajectory overall, right? There might be 
some quarters up and down, but we want to make sure it's a volume-driven revenue growth 
trajectory. 
 
The third piece is this should come with the kind of initiatives that I think we've already set in 
place, plus the larger projects that I also alluded to in my presentation. It should come with an 
extremely aggressive objective on inventory agility, overall, in general, right? Now that 
resulting to many facets. And with some of them, I have talked about, some of them will 
expand as we roll out this project further. 
 
In terms of complexity, the agility of bringing in new range, etcetera, the amount of choices 
that we make or bringing the new range, but presented in a coherent manner to the stores, to 
the consumers in the stores, etcetera. 
 
Last but not the least, we would and are endeavour at all times and I think the amount of work 
that we have done on the cost efficiencies, etcetera. Once we see the revenue growth 
trajectory, it should result into, obviously, operating leverage and, therefore, profitable growth 
for us. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So, does this also mean we should get back to value equal to volume growth this year or you 
still think there is time? 
Gunjan Shah: 
I'll refrain from giving a forward-looking statement, but the direction is in the endeavour of 
what I said. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. And based on the salient changes, more franchisees, more e-commerce growth, does 
that entail any meaningful changes on EBITDA margins? So obviously, you mentioned that... 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, yes. That was the -- yes, yes. That other piece, I didn't comment on. Ideally, we would 
like -- we are -- something that we have mentioned that we want to make sure that this 
multichannel model remains from a revenue pipeline perspective. And I think each one of 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 13 of 16 
 
them caters to consumer cohorts, which are -- yes, there might be overlaps, but there are large 
enough distinct consumer cohorts within that. 
 
So, for example, franchise allows us to add EBOs in towns and markets, which otherwise the 
COCO model did not have till, let's say, about 4 years back in a very profitable way. And that 
also we have fine-tuned now. So, we will expect all of these channels to grow. 
 
COCO will have its own new source of growth driven by same-store growth. You will have a 
lot of franchise, both same-store growth as well as basically expansion, especially in the 
urbanizing India. A large part of our addition in the last 2, 3 years have come through that and 
will continue going forward. And e-commerce and multi-brand outlets, obviously, have their 
distinct strategies. So, it should basically largely be pronged on all these 4 with the focus being 
on retail, for sure. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
One follow-up. Because you mentioned a number of stores opening should be higher than last 
year, but are you guys working with some kind of numbers here? Or it's more about taking it 
very opportunistically, FOFO continues to expand faster than COCO and then you'll end up 
doing, let's say, 120 stores, something like that. Or is there a hard number to work around it? 
Gunjan Shah: 
 No. There is obviously targets and numbers that people and the teams carry on this, Rahul. 
There are also -- more importantly, there are target areas that we want to be in, right? So, there 
is a complete census mapping. Now there's enough and more modules of multiple data 
integrators that give us the right kind of, what we call, a PTAs, the potential trade areas, which 
is what we start as a universe. 
 
That universe, by the way, if I last remember, is at about 600 locations, right? So, we have 
managed to successfully, economically viable, how do you say, commercialize, let's say, about 
100 last year. So, there will be enough and more opportunities going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Bharati from Nuvama. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sir, I'm on Slide number 14, the inventory reduction part. So -- and there, you mentioned that 
aged part, right? So, is it safe to assume that this 16.5% or the delta between the 2 is basically 
largely each inventory reduction? 
Gunjan Shah: 
I can't mathematically do it, but the large part would be, which is what I mentioned to another 
gentleman on this call some time back, which is that there are multiple levers towards this 
inventory. I think the one that is the fastest and the most profitable is reduction of aged 
inventory, which is being proactive in slow-moving SKUs before it becomes aged as well as 
trying to be choiceful of what you bring into the stores, right? But there are other levers that I 
mentioned about. But my sense is, yes, some mathematics will show that a large part of this 
would have been aged. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
And the -- let's say, the inventory turn on that aged part would be, let's say, 0.5 or something 
like that. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, no. It will be lower. It will -- yes, it will be lower. I don't know the exact numbers. I can 
offline get back to you, but it will be lower. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
I mean, what I'm implying is looks like close to INR250 crores is the aged inventory out of the 
INR765 crores. And I was just wondering that the inventory turn on rest of the portfolio is 
upwards of 3, 3.5, is it? 
Gunjan Shah: 
I don't think that conclusion is right because I don't know how you got that INR200. But aged 
inventory is in low single digits. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
So how I got is INR915 minus INR765 is 0.37, right? 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, no, no. They are very different. That's total inventory, Rajiv, whereas the aged inventory is 
showing a reduction of 37% from a starting point of X. Both of them are in low single digits as 
a percentage of the total inventory, which you see on the left top chart. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sure. And on Slide number 6, which is your -- sorry, not 6. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Mind if I say, the best-in-class benchmark, by the way, on the aged inventory is low mid-single 
digits. So, it should be in the range of about 2%, 3%, so less than 4%. So, we still have some 
way to go, while we have reversed a large part of the reduction. But it's in that range. So, it's 
nowhere close to the 20%, 30% that you calculated. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Yes. And on the overall volume growth in the -- at the company level, can you specify that 
number? How much is that? 
Gunjan Shah: 
We don't share that. But as I've mentioned in my press release also as well as my commentary 
in the start, the second quarter that we've seen reasonably broad-based volume growth in the 
mid-single digits would be the best. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Why I'm thinking? Because on Slide 6, right, the ZBM portfolio is having a volume growth of 
8%. 
Gunjan Shah: 
It's net of control. The way we see it, net of control, as you can see in the comment, right? So, 
it's not necessarily in absolute. It is how they are doing relative to the rest of the stores in the 
same consumer cohort or city. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sir, I got that. The next question is in terms of, let's say, this ZBM scale-up. We are probably a 
quarter behind what we have initially shot for right, 250, by the end Q4. Are you sharing what 
is the number you're targeting for, let's say, '26, '27? 
Gunjan Shah: 
That's a very -- ideally, we would like to see -- and I've mentioned this, yes, we took a little 
while to scale up, but now the scale up is happening at a pretty good pace. So, my sense is that 
we should be covering about, ideally, my best guess is about 300-odd stores by [December] 
end. And that should cover us -- my sense is about 50% or 45% of our turnover on retail. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikram Damani from Damani Family Office. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Vikram Damani: 
Am I audible? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, Vikram. 
Vikram Damani: 
So, apologies on repeating the question… 
Gunjan Shah: 
Now your voice is inaudible. Vikram, can you speak a little louder? You said you are repeating 
the question. No problem. Tell us. 
Vikram Damani: 
Am I audible? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. 
Vikram Damani: 
So, I just wanted to get a sense of the opportunity that's arising from the implementation of 
the... 
Gunjan Shah: 
Sorry. Surety on the implementation of? 
Vikram Damani: 
BIS norm. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Your voice is coming and growing. Okay. Go on, go on. 
Vikram Damani: 
Yes. So, the -- what percentage of sales versus have been a few years ago? And going forward, 
what sort of opportunity that arises for local manufacturers? If you can just give me -- throw 
some light on that, please? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Vikram, your voice is not that clear. Could you speak a bit louder? 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, we heard the question, Vikram. We heard the first question, yes. Yes. Okay. Vikram, so 
basically, we are 100% localized. There was a level of small amount, but I've given this 
commentary almost about 4, 5 quarters back when BIS was under transition. 
 
We had a seamless changeover, and we had almost no hiccups, except for maybe a few niche 
licensed brands, which also have now been sorted now. So, in fact, we are looking at this as an 
opportunity from an export’s perspective, which is what I commented on earlier to one other 
question. Does that answer your question? 
Vikram Damani: 
Yes. Partly, what I actually wanted to gauge is the overall sort of supply. How much was the 
BIS supply to India, 5%, 10% of the overall market? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Miniscule. It wasn't -- it was less than 5%, and that's now been eliminated. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from YES Securities. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Just one clarification and advice. You have mentioned that the focus is on volume growth. If I 
look it in quarters back in the con-call, you were mentioning more of a premiumization as the 
strategy. Is there a shift in strategy or the volume growth will come and premiumization will 
also be with it? If you can just explain a bit on it. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
June 02, 2025 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, yes. No. So Udit, I think it's the latter of what you yourself mentioned right now, right? 
So -- and that's what my document or my presentation also was while you would have heard 
me at the start, right, that there is a consumer cohort, a large part of our target consumers who 
are looking for value proposition. And therefore, how do we make sure that we do it not only 
in the short term, but also in the medium-term structure is what we are working on. 
 
Some of the initiatives, I have shared with you all. But simultaneously, that doesn't stop us 
from bringing in technology innovation, brand as well as basically premiumization being 
driven through it. And that was the example that I told you from a portfolio level, so whether it 
is Power, whether it is Floatz, whether it -- Floatz is a classic example. Consumers buying that 
kind of a footwear were buying it at a price point, which was less than half of what the ASP of 
Floatz is. 
 
The ASP of Floatz is almost 2x of the parallel products that we had on offer for consumers. So 
that parallelly does do premiumization. Similarly, HP, there are a bunch of levers as well as the 
product -- the technology driven offerings from Power. So, they will continue in parallel, in 
short. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining once again. It was lovely interacting with you, as always. We 
look forward to connect again. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Disclaimer: While we have made our best attempt to prepare a verbatim transcript of the proceedings of the Earnings’ Call, 
however, this may not be a word-to-word reproduction 
