 
 
 
 May 9, 2025 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 Dear Sirs, 
 
 Sub.: Analyst Call Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and   
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosing herewith transcripts of the Analyst Call held on              
Tuesday, 
May 
6, 
2025. 
The 
transcripts 
are 
also 
available 
on 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://www.crisil.com/en/home/investors/analyst-hub.html. 
 
 
 Kindly take this communication on record. 
 
 Yours faithfully, 
 For Crisil Limited 
 
 
 Minal Bhosale 
 Company Secretary 
 ACS 12999 
MINAL 
AMIT 
BHOSALE
Digitally signed 
by MINAL AMIT 
BHOSALE 
Date: 2025.05.09 
15:33:23 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 27 
 
  
 
 
 
“Crisil Limited 
Analyst Conference Call” 
May 06, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
Amish Mehta 
Managing Director & CEO, Crisil Limited 
 
Gurpreet Chhatwal 
Chief Operating Officer, Crisil Limited 
 
Dinesh Venkatasubramanian 
Chief Financial Officer, Crisil Limited 
 
Sanjay Chakravarti 
President - Risk & Compliance, Crisil Limited 
 
Subodh Rai 
Managing Director, Crisil Ratings Limited 
 
Priti Arora 
President & Business Head, Crisil Intelligence 
 
Duncan McCredie 
President & Business Head, Crisil Coalition Greenwich 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 27 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to Crisil's Analyst Call 2025. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. Before we start, as a standard 
disclaimer from Crisil, we would like to state that certain forward-looking statements 
during our interaction today are based on a current understanding of the company 
profile and market conditions. These are subject to change based on changing policies 
of the company and macro environment. 
 
The company does not undertake to update the forward-looking statements or other 
information contained in the presentation, whether as a result of new information, future 
events or otherwise. As a policy, company reframes from giving specific quantitative 
guidance on its future performance. Further, in the interest of fair disclosures to 
investors, operational details relating to specific business segments, consumer 
contracts will not be possible to be disclosed. 
 
I would now like to introduce you to the speakers of the call today. Amish Mehta, 
Managing Director and CEO, Gurpreet Chhatwal, Chief Operating Officer, Dinesh 
Venkatasubramanian, Chief Financial Officer, Sanjay Chakravarti, President, Risk and 
Compliance, Subodh Rai, Managing Director, Crisil Ratings Limited, Priti Arora, 
President and Business Head, Crisil Intelligence, Duncan McCredie, President and 
Business Head, Crisil Coalition Greenwich Let me now hand over the call to Mr. Amish 
Mehta to commence the proceedings. 
Amish Mehta: 
Thank you. Hello everyone and a very warm welcome to each one of you. Trust, you 
are all doing well. I am pleased to share that during 2024 and in the first quarter of 2025, 
we have demonstrated resilience amongst macroeconomic uncertainty. Our customer-
centric approach and domain-led solutions have enabled us to drive meaningful impact 
for our clients, aligning with our purpose of making markets function better. Our core 
values of integrity, partnership, discovery and excellence give us a winning edge in the 
market. 
 
Let me start by looking at the analyst presentation on slide four. I would request all of 
you to refer to that slide. In January 2025, we rolled out a new brand identity, positioning 
our businesses under a cohesive brand identity, Crisil Ratings, Crisil Intelligence, 
formerly Market Intelligence and Analytics, Crisil Coalition Greenwich, formerly Global 
Benchmarking Analytics, and Crisil Integral IQ, formerly Global Research and Risk 
Solutions, offering consistent and more connected experience for clients around the 
world. 
 

 
Page 3 of 27 
 
 
 
Our new brand identity reinforces our position as a global insights-driven analytics 
organization and conveys a more progressive vision for our future. Moving to slide five, 
Crisil continues to have a global presence with more than 4,600 employees. We 
leverage our talent to deliver value to our clients and have been recognized as a great 
place to work. 
 
Crisil was featured and recognized in Chartis RiskTech 100 2025 list and won a medal 
in the Model Validation category and garnered recognition across seven Chartis 
Research Quadrant Ranking reports in 2025. This is in addition to some other 
recognition which is there on the slide. Let me move to slide seven and talk a little bit 
about the key trends in the macro and business environment. A few trends on the macro 
and the business side. 
 
The global economy, which showed considerable resilience in 2024, is facing 
challenges with the ongoing tariff actions and the consequent impact on growth 
prospects. Higher tariffs could put great strain on consumer sentiments, business 
planning, and investments, as also impact global trade and fuel inflation. 
 
S&P Global recently lowered the GDP growth forecast for most countries and raised 
inflation forecasts for the U.S. S&P expects to see a material slowdown in growth across 
various economies around the world.  
Given this context, we believe the following will be the key trends in 2025. Globally, 
while the banks are maintaining their measured stance towards discretionary spends, 
we are seeing clients going ahead with transformation initiatives, with spends 
continuing in areas such as cloud data analytics, AIML automation requirement on the 
regulatory side, if they are to handle any. 
 
Asset managers continue to face pressure on improving cost-to-income ratio and thus 
have increased willingness towards undertaking transformations. We see continued 
traction in the private markets due to sustained client activity, which creates 
opportunities for the services players. Evolving macro situation translates to greater 
client need for enhanced value and actionable insights, from benchmarking solutions to 
target opportunities and efficiencies, which is again an opportunity for one of our 
businesses. 
 
However, elevated uncertainty may lead to tighter client budgets and delays in 
discretionary spending by global clients.  
We are witnessing accelerated adoption of Gen-AI across industries, so most 
companies are still in the early stages of their journey. We continue to explore ways to 
enhance our client offerings and internal productivity through the use of Gen-AI and 
technology. 

 
Page 4 of 27 
 
 
 
Coming to the domestic environment, India's GDP is expected to grow at 6.5% in Fiscal 
2026, with a downward bias. Despite the buffer from monetary policy, healthy external 
markers, and strong corporate balance sheets, the downside risks to India's growth 
have risen due to potential trade impacts from slowing of major global economies.  
India's medium-term growth trend is expected to remain healthy, driven largely by 
investments, efficiency, and expected deregulation. 
 
Bank credit is likely to grow to 12%-13% just Fiscal, compared with 11-11.5% estimated 
for Fiscal 2025, given three tailwinds viz. the recent supportive regulatory measures, a 
boost to consumption from tax cuts, and softer interest rates. Deposit growth, though, 
merits a close watch. 
 
Corporate bond issuances might see greater traction, driven by easing monetary policy, 
provided the impact of macro and geopolitical issues is minimal.  
With this background, let me turn towards the performance update, which is on slide 9. 
Our businesses have demonstrated resilience in 2024 and delivered revenue growth 
and robust margins in the first quarter. Owing to our customer-centric approach and 
domain-led solutions, we continue to deliver impact to our clients. We continue to 
expand our client base across various businesses with strong client feedback.  
Crisil Ratings maintained its leadership in corporate bond ratings, given investor 
preference for best-in-class ratings, and maintained healthy revenue growth during the 
quarter. 
 
Crisil Global Analytical Center witnessed growth in delegation of surveillance from S&P 
Global Ratings and demand for support in new areas from S&P Global.  
Crisil Integral IQ saw momentum in buy-side offerings and made progress in using Gen-
AI for client solutions. Overall, curtailed discretionary spending and cost-cutting 
pressures by financial services clients impacted growth and revenue in the system. 
 
Crisil Intelligence witnessed momentum in industry research, consulting, credit, and risk 
offerings. We integrated our Gen-AI capabilities into the credit assessment and credit 
solution, Credit+ ICON, which we offer to our clients.  
Crisil Coalition Greenwich witnessed some momentum in corporate and investment 
banking, with scaling of product offerings and client engagement, strengthening 
demand from large commercial banks. Growth in the commercial and community 
banking space benefited from digital banking programs.  
We are investing in new-age technologies, including Gen-AI, and in 2024, we 
successfully deployed a Gen-AI credit assessment solution for our global clients in one 
of our businesses.  

 
Page 5 of 27 
 
 
Our franchise activities continued well during the quarter. We hosted the 9th edition of 
Crisil India Outlook Conclave theme, ‘Unleashing Manufacturing: the Competitive 
Clearing Call’, and released a report titled ‘Safe Harbors and Windy Waters’. The Crisil 
Infrastructure Yearbook was launched at 5th edition of India Infrastructure Conclave 
2025, titled ‘Navigating India's Decarbonization Journey’.  
Crisil Foundation continues to drive positive impact through initiatives aimed at building 
financial capabilities of underprivileged communities and promoting environment 
conservation. The flagship Mein Pragati initiative expanded its outreach to over a million 
people in Assam and Rajasthan. Crisil Foundation continues to be a leading 
implementation partner of the RBI's MoneyWise Centers of Financial Literacy (CFL) 
program through its 669 centers spread across multiple states.  
Overall, we remain steadfast in our commitment towards our core purpose of making 
markets function better. We continue to develop core capabilities through domain-
specific IP and strategic digital initiatives, delivering actionable insights, continuing to 
set the standards, and empowering clients to make mission-critical decisions with 
confidence. We continue to make significant investments in digital infrastructure, 
information security, and building a future-ready talent pool.  
Let me now hand over to Dinesh to take you through the financial performance in detail. 
Dinesh V.: 
Thank you, Amish. I'm on Slide 11 of the presentation where we have the financial 
performance for the year 2024 as well as Quarter 1 of FY '25.  
To start, I just wanted to reiterate that our segmental reporting continues to be the same. 
We have our Rating Services segment, which includes Crisil Ratings and GAC, which 
is our global analytical center where we do work for S&P. And the second segment is 
the Research, Analytics and Solutions segment, which includes our global businesses, 
Integral IQ, the rebranded name for Global Research and Risk Solutions, Coalition 
Greenwich, and Crisil Intelligence, which was earlier called Market Intelligence and 
Analytics.  
Let me start with the financial results for financial year 2024. Overall revenue growth 
was a modest 3.8%, mainly due to the curtailed performance of the Research, Analytics 
and Solutions segment. Our services offerings in the global businesses were impacted 
by curtailed discretionary spends of global clients. Profit before tax, however, grew by 
almost 7% year-on-year. 
In the fourth quarter of FY '23, you may recall, we had included a one-off gain of 
approximately INR 29 crores on account of the devaluation of the Argentinian Peso. If 
I were to exclude the impact of that, year-on-year, full year 2024 PBT growth will be 
about 10.5%. Profit after tax for the full year grew about 3.9% year-on-year. And again,  

 
Page 6 of 27 
 
 
excluding the impact of the devaluation of the Argentine Peso in the fourth quarter of 
'23, growth would have been about 7.5%.  
Coming to the first quarter of FY '25, we continue to see revenue growth. We have 
reported a 10.2% growth over the corresponding quarter of the previous year. We 
continue to focus on cost management and margin improvement across our 
businesses, and both PBT and PAT for the quarter have grown by approximately 16% 
on a year-on-year basis quarterly. We've also declared a first interim dividend of INR 8 
as compared to INR 7 at the end of quarter one last year.  
I will now request Subodh Rai, Managing Director of Crisil Ratings, to cover the Rating 
Services segment performance. 
Subodh Rai: 
Thanks, Dinesh, and good afternoon, everyone. Now, I shall be taking you through the 
segmental performance of Rating Services for calendar year 2024 and first quarter of 
2025. I'm on Slide 13, and on this slide, we are talking about the key growth drivers for 
the credit rating industry in India. 
First, let's talk about the bond issuances. We witnessed a growth of 12.5% on a Y-o-Y 
basis during the last calendar year. The decline in bond issuances in the first half of 
calendar year 2024 amidst hardening yields was more than offset by a healthy growth 
in the issuances in the second half. The pickup in the second half of calendar year 2024 
was largely led by large and frequent bond issuers in the financial sector. The pickup 
was more pronounced in the month of July to October 2024. However, since last 
November, the growth in bond issuances turned muted in anticipation of rate cuts. Even 
in Q1 2025, we are yet to see a significant uptick as the bond issuances witnessed a 
rapid growth at 3.9% on Y-o-Y basis.  
On a positive note, the Reserve Bank of India has cut key policy rates by 25 basis points 
for the second consecutive time in April 2025, amounting to a cumulative reduction of 
50 bps in 2025. It has also changed its stance to accommodative from neutral, signaling 
rate cuts can continue. Easing inflation has further increased the space for the RBI to 
support growth through rate cuts. Crisil expects at least two more repo rate cuts of 25 
bps each in the rest of fiscal 2026. The rate cuts are also reflected in the 10-year 
government securities (G-Sec) yield, which has softened to below 6.5% level. Declining 
G-sec yields can lead to a reduction in AAA and AA-rated corporate bond spreads, 
thereby reducing the overall corporate bond yields. Hence, we expect increased bond 
issuances in 2025, added by potential rate cuts, and softening bond yields. Having said 
that, continued geopolitical tensions and uncertain trade conditions led by U.S. tariff 
actions remains an overhang, as it may keep corporate spurs about investment, thereby 
delaying their borrowing plans.  
On the other hand, the bank credit growth has declined on Y-o-Y basis to 11% as on 
February 2025 versus 16.6% as on February 2024, due to slowdown in services and  

 
Page 7 of 27 
 
 
retail sector credit growth. The wholesale bank credit growth also slowed down to 9.8% 
as on February 2025 versus 15.2% as on February 2024. The growth in the services 
segment is impacted largely due to lesser credit extended by the banks to the NBFC 
sector. The slowdown is a result of RBI's tightening measures of raising the risk weight 
for bank loans to NBFCs. Furthermore, the large corporate credit growth also slowed to 
5.2% as on February 2025 compared to 6.4% as on February 2024.  
We expect a slight uptick in the bank credit growth by 100 to 200 bps on-year in fiscal 
2026 with the growth supported by rollback of risk weights for NBFC, a boost to 
consumption from tax cuts, and softening of interest rates. With effect from April 1, 
2025, the RBI has rolled back the increase in the risk weights for bank loans to NBFCs 
that was announced in November 2023. However, the growth in lending to NBFCs may 
still be lower than the levels seen in the past, as we expect banks to be more selective 
amidst asset quality headwinds in some segments catered by the NBFCs.  
Moving on to Slide 14, here we have provided Rating Services segmental performance 
for calendar year 2024, as well as Q1 2025.  
For calendar year 2024, the domestic ratings revenue benefited from the uptick in bond 
market in the second half, few large deals, and continued momentum in the mid-
corporate space.  
For Q1 2025, the growth is supported by positive momentum in both the surveillance 
fees as well as new ratings revenues. The growth in new rating revenues is aided by 
continued investor preference for Crisil Ratings.  
We continued our focus on client engagement initiatives, and further strengthened our 
thought leadership position driven by our cutting-edge insights, opinion pieces and 
webinars.  
The Global Analytical Center, GAC, division saw strong growth from new engagements 
and robust surveillance work delegation from S&P Global Rating Services. Overall, the 
Rating Services segment grew by about 32.5% Y-o-Y in Q1 2025.  
I will now pass on the proceedings to my colleague, Priti Arora, who heads Crisil 
Intelligence. Thank you. 
Priti Arora: 
Thanks, Subodh. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Priti, President and Business Head of 
Crisil Intelligence. Now, this vertical represents the India and Emerging Markets-
focused non-ratings business of Crisil where we offer research, data analytics, 
distributions, and consulting.  
Now, while economic growth is the main driver in our business, healthy loan growth, 
financialization of savings, and capital formation are also strong indicators and proxies.  

 
Page 8 of 27 
 
 
So, if I go on the domestic front, as we can see on the Slide 16, the stronger balance 
sheets of banks and healthy flows to the capital market remain positive. Over time, the 
gross non-performing assets have declined, driven by two areas. One, the lower 
slippage, steady write-offs, and efficient recovery from the corporate loan book. And 
second, because of the shift to the retail portfolio over the years. The lower NPAs at 
2.5% to 2.6% of advances means that the banks’ balance sheets are adequately 
healthy to meet the current demand.  
We also witnessed some pretty impressive growth in its mutual fund industry over the 
years, driven by increase in retail participation, higher portfolio counts, robust growth in 
investments through systematic investment plans, and ease in investing provided by 
various platforms. In fact, in fiscal 2024, the mutual fund AUM accounted for an all-time 
high of 18.2% of the GDP. Our AUM has been stable compared to the last quarter, as 
you can see on the slide, given the volatility in the market in recent months. The move 
towards passive and the alternate segments continues to progress well.  
If I move on to Slide 17, what you can see here that in terms of the India's private sector, 
we're in a better position to invest compared to what it was a decade ago. India's 
corporate sector has been through a period of deleveraging, which combined with lower 
key commodity prices has contributed to better financial health. Corporate earnings 
clocked a CAGR of 12% over fiscal 2019 to 2025, supported by efforts to enhance 
operational efficiency and to manage costs. The material deleveraging, as you can see 
on the chart, and improved financial flexibility has been broad-based and facilitated by 
low capex, new issuances in equity markets, as well as slowing back of profits to retire 
debt. 
So the industry is poised to explore both opportunities underpinned by these robust 
credit fundamentals, efforts by the government such as the PLI schemes, as well as the 
increasing capacity utilization. We are optimistic about the medium-term growth 
prospects of the Indian economy, driven by a combination of these factors. However, 
as Amish alluded earlier in the presentation, the key monitox`rables continue to be on 
the global uncertainty. The new tariff structure imposed by the US, the possible 
retaliatory measures, and the trade deals by the affected countries are expected to 
realign global trade, leading to excess supply and volatile commodity prices, and 
potentially also reducing volume.  
From a business performance standpoint, in the uncertain environment, the need for 
insights and analytics for our clients continues to stay very relevant. In the industry 
research, we observed a strong renewal rate, both for our traditional and emerging 
sector research. We have also been combining Gen-AI capabilities with cutting-edge 
analytics and our domain expertise for our products and solutions, such as Credit+. The 
consulting services also saw good growth in transport and clean energy areas, with  
 

 
Page 9 of 27 
 
 
continued spends on infrastructure and renewables, while we continue to monitor the 
overall spends in an uncertain environment.  
Let me now hand over to my colleague, Duncan, to provide an overview of the global 
front. 
Duncan McCredie: 
Thank you, Priti. Hello, I'm Duncan McCredie, President of Crisil Coalition Greenwich. 
I am going to outline the key trends in the global Corporate and Investment Banking 
sector through 2024, and a business update on Crisil Coalition Greenwich. I'll be 
referring to Slide 18 of the analyst presentation.  
Global revenue pools in CIBs were up marginally in 2024, thanks to a return on activity 
in primary capital markets.  
In IBD, deal activity began an upward trend in Q2 2024, and momentum continued to 
build through to Q4. The market saw a marked increase in large and cross-border M&A 
deals, and primary capital markets issuance saw strong activity with the backdrop of 
buoyant secondary markets.  
Fixed income divisions of banks saw steady performance year-on-year, with increased 
volatility in Q4 around election events, driving a recovery after a slower start to the year.  
Equities divisions saw strong performance year-on-year, led by buoyant markets in 
Americas and APAC. 
Banking activity was relatively stable, with some decline in corporate appetite for 
lending and muted growth in transaction banking and trade finance.  
Overall, returns on equity saw a positive trend, thanks in large part to the recovery in 
IBD.  
Crisil Coalition Greenwich saw good momentum in corporate and investment banking, 
with scaling of product offerings and positive client engagement from large commercial 
banks, strengthening demand for our products.  
We also saw good growth in commercial and community banking space in the US. As 
we look to maintain our growth trajectory, we continue to invest in our offerings in new 
and adjacent market segments, such as private credit and regional banks, amongst 
others.  
Let me now hand over to Gurpreet to cover Integral IQ and the overall segment 
performance. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Thanks, Duncan. Good evening, everyone. I'm Gurpreet Chhatwal, and I'll take you 
through a brief business update on Crisil Integral IQ, as well as the segmental  

 
Page 10 of 27 
 
 
performance for Research, Analytics, and Solutions for Q1 2025, as well as for CY 
2024. This is on Slide 19.  
Crisil Integral IQ's performance was muted in 2024 due to curtailed discretionary 
spending by many of our global customers. From a revenue and profitability 
perspective, the global banks had limited appetite for discretionary spends, which you 
saw on the slide which Duncan presented. The other reason for their muted spends 
was that both the US and the UK underwent an election in 2024 that brought in its share 
of policy uncertainty. Lastly, we saw in 2023 a failure of three regional US banks, 
namely SVB, Signature, and First Republic, which kept uncertainty levels high amongst 
the midsized banks in the first half of 2024. With these multitude of factors, many of our 
clients deferred spending and adopted a wait-and-watch stance. 
 
On the other hand, we saw and we are currently witnessing continued growth and 
traction in areas such as private capital and the usage of GenAI, and data analytics.  
We are also witnessing an increased traction in midsized banks for their offshoring 
solutions options to manage costs more effectively. Asset managers, especially next-
year ones, are increasingly focused on their cost-to-income ratios and are exploring 
operational transformation and cost efficiency initiatives. 
At Integral IQ, we are focusing on the growth areas as well as the growing customer 
segments with appropriate investments. In Q1 2025, we are witnessing positive traction 
in our discussion with our customers and continue to focus on strengthening our 
pipeline.  
Now let me come to the segmental performance of the Research Analytics and 
Solutions segment for Q1 2025 as well as the last year.  
In 2024, the segmental revenues were marginally lower than that of the previous year 
due to the impact on discretionary spending by global customers, as I highlighted, and 
conclusion of a few long-term projects. The segment margin in 2024 was higher by 
2.4% compared to that of the previous year. A point to note is that 2023 margins 
included a one-off gain of INR 29.4 crores due to a sharp devaluation of Argentinian 
Peso. 
 
As for Q1 2025 performance, the segmental revenues grew by approximately 2%. 
Segmental profit, on the other hand, witnessed a strong uptick in Q1 2025, growing 
approximately 16% on year, on the back of changing product mix and continued focus 
on margins.  
Let me now hand over to Sanjay to cover the risks section. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Thank you, Gurpreet. I'm looking at Slide Number 25 and would like to speak on certain 
points covered on this slide.  

 
Page 11 of 27 
 
 
Let me start with macroeconomic and geopolitical risks. Given the current 
circumstances, we've kept this risk on active watch given global developments. 
However, at this stage, we have not seen any material direct impact on our businesses 
on account of geopolitical conditions.  
The second one, which I would like to speak on, is foreign currency risk. Our global 
operations generate significant revenue in foreign currencies, thus leading to the risk of 
exchange rate fluctuation, which can negatively impact profitability. Crisil has a well-
structured hedging policy to forward contracts to act as a buffer against any kind of FX 
volatility that might occur. 
Finally, I would want to take a few minutes on people risk. We are a talent company 
and our people are our key assets. Hence, we always have a proactive approach 
towards people management and attrition. Having said that, our attrition rate has been 
stable compared to past trends and is in line with industry trends. 
 
On the remaining risks listed on this slide, should you have any questions, we would be 
glad to address them during the question-and-answer session. With that, I will hand 
over the mic to Amish Mehta. 
Amish Mehta: 
Thanks Sanjay. As you heard all of us speak about the current global uncertainties, we 
continue to see opportunities for our businesses. Our focus on developing client 
solutions to navigate this environment and cover the white spaces position us well. Our 
strategy of having a portfolio of businesses has ensured that we are able to grow on a 
sustainable basis. And we continue to be excited about our strategy to drive growth 
across all our businesses while investing in new capabilities. Happy to take any 
questions that might be there. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We would now like to open the floor for questions. The first 
question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta, Group Vice President. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity and congratulations on a strong operating 
performance in Q1 of CY '25? My first question is on GAC. Now, the kind of momentum 
that we have seen in GAC in the last 3-4 quarters, it broadly falls in line with the objective 
that we had revealed in the last April AGM that we want to take the engagement with 
S&P to a certain level in the next 4, 5 years. But if you can split the current direction 
that you are witnessing between rating support and non-rating support, so that we know 
how the growth is shaping up. 
And even within rating support, is it purely driven by higher volumes or more value 
addition there? And in non-rating support, which are the areas and opportunities that 
we are targeting within the whole S&P curve? 
 

 
Page 12 of 27 
 
 
Amish Mehta: 
Thanks, Rajiv. Thanks for the question. I'll just request everybody who comes up just 
to also give the name of the organization, that you are representing, just to kind of help 
us understand. I think GAC, and I think you picked up well, that we had at the last AGM 
mentioned about the potential to grow business with S&P Global, which we perform as 
a part of GAC. I think the growth has been seen within GAC, we have seen across the 
portfolio, right, on surveillance delegations, the support that we do on digital 
transformation, and the entire work that we do for S&P Global Ratings. 
So it is, I think, supporting them in their growth journey, also supporting on the 
technology transformation journey that they embark on. When we come to the non-S&P 
Global Ratings business that we have, I think the focus there is to play to our strengths, 
which is largely on the analytical side, research side, areas that we have been able to 
support them, program management, technology, of course, technology transformation, 
and data analytics. Areas which are core to Crisil, where we have been able to, you 
know, we can develop a center of expertise for supporting the other businesses of S&P 
Global. And work which we have -- which we have been able to do for them in the past 
business.  
So that's been the nature of growth that we are looking at driving. And then those are 
the areas that we are trying to drive, you know, within the group of S&P Global. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. Sir, I belong to Yes Securities. Now, my second question is on the GR&RS 
erstwhile, and now, Crisil Integral IQ. So, sir, I mean, when I look at your commentary 
and your presentation also, you are still saying that clients are expanding in certain 
transformation areas. And so far, we haven't seen much of an impact of the geopolitical 
uncertainty as yet. So, I mean, if the macro were to turn around, say, positively, from 
maybe one, two, three quarters down the line, how are we positioning ourselves, maybe 
through investments being done in maybe sales or product offering, delivery capability. 
So that when the scenario turns around, we are able to gain wallet share, win new 
business, win new clients. And we can fully participate, more than commensurately 
participate in the growth in the coming year, say? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, a couple of things I would say, Rajiv. I think we continue to focus on and looking at 
the growth segments. And I think both me and Gurpreet, we tried to touch upon some 
of them. I think it was in the, in the space of asset management, the space of big banks, 
right, regional banks, I think private market players, I think there are areas of opportunity 
that we see going forward. And I think we continue to build both our capabilities as well 
as sales teams to look at building a pipeline, building our presence across these 
markets to drive growth. 
 
I think on the other aspect of Coalition Greenwich as well, I think we are looking at, 
again, growing regional banks, we are looking at growing the asset management side. 
So, we have identified areas of opportunity which can help drive growth. That is, and if  

 
Page 13 of 27 
 
 
let's say, the growth turns positive like you mentioned on the global side. I think that will 
accelerate the journey and the momentum that we are trying to build for ourselves. 
 
So, we continue to invest in building presence in offerings as well as on the sales side 
to make sure that we are able to harness the opportunity as and when it arrives. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Balaji Subramanian from IIFL Securities. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
My first question would be on the domestic rating revenue. So, you have mentioned 
that you have seen 27% growth in this quarter and a couple of quarters back also you 
did close to 30% growth. And if I look at these numbers, these are probably the best 
you have had in the last 12-13 years. So, what exactly is driving this kind of growth? 
You did mention that you benefited in both initial rating and surveillance, but any color 
on what exactly is driving this kind of significant outperformance versus the rest of the 
industry and also versus your recent history, that would be very helpful. So, I will ask 
my second question after you address the first one. 
Amish Mehta: 
 
So, maybe I will request Subodh to address your question. Subodh? 
Subodh Rai: 
Thanks, Amish. So, as Amish has spoken, you know, there’s a clear preference for 
best-in-class rating in the market and there is a benefit from that. And specifically 
speaking about recent quarters, we benefited from the uptick in the bond market that 
we saw in the second half. That was a positive for us. We also benefited from a few 
large deals that happened in the market. And if you look at mid-corporate space, we 
are seeing good momentum on the enhancement side. So, that has really helped us. 
And I think in the infrastructure segment also we are seeing good momentum. So, put 
together we have been able to top the number that you have seen on the screen. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Got it. But at least, I know maybe looking at one quarter's performance may not be the 
right way to look at your business. But at least at the industry level, the bond issuance 
growth was just 4%. So, while I do understand that the preference for your superior 
quality ratings and all stays. But any sense on how the revenue growth was so strong 
despite the fact that the macro economics were kind of just okay-ish? 
Amish Mehta: 
I think, Balaji, I think it will be good to look at annual numbers rather than looking at 
quarterly numbers is what I would recommend. I will always suggest that to everybody. 
And end of the day, it depends upon the market. It depends upon fundraising plans of 
corporates. It depends upon activity in M&A. So, I think there are multiple things which 
play out when you look at the market and how Crisil’s positioning on the analytical rigor, 
if you look at some of the benchmarks and compare. I think you will see where Crisil 
stands. And why would there be an investor preference for ratings from Crisil. I think 
these are some of the factors which have continued to auger well for us over a period 
of time. You can look at the benchmarks. And I think that is what we will continue to  

 
Page 14 of 27 
 
 
drive through our work, through our analytical rigor, through our franchise, through our 
thought leadership and that's where you see the outcome which you are seeing.  
Balaji Subramanian: 
Thank you. That is quite helpful, Amish. My second question would be on the overall 
discretionary spending outlook. So before the recent bout of uncertainty set in, at least 
in September and December quarters, we were seeing pretty strong results from the 
U.S. and global banks. And the expectation was that discretionary spending should 
probably pick up in two or three quarters. 
And based on where we are today and amid the macro uncertainty, how have things 
stand out? Are we seeing any positive signs on discretionary spending or do you think 
it will get pushed out by a quarter or two? 
Amish Mehta: 
Gurpreet, do you want to address that? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Thanks, Amish. I think it's something which I would say that we are watching closely 
from, this is largely talking about the larger banks. But as I think Amish mentioned and 
I think we continue to focus on the growth areas in the whole spectrum, I think growth 
areas and the growth segments, I think private capital investment, GenAI, data analytics 
I think those are happening. 
And we're seeing segments like midsize banks, segments like asset managers, both 
large and midsize continue to invest in options which will make them more efficient. I 
think those are investments which are happening. As we saw last year, we've seen this 
year. So as we mentioned, I think we're pivoting our strategy to ensure that we focus 
on those areas and general trend which we are also seeing is people are looking at 
both offshoring and automation. I think that that is also continuing. 
So as I said, I think some of that for the large investment banks, I think that that is an 
area which we continue to watch. And when we see traction, we will inform on that. But 
we've pivoted our strategy to focus on the growth areas. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
If I can ask a quick follow up on that, are we seeing any headwinds because of GCCs, 
especially scaling up in the last couple of years? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
I think it’s both as I would say, I think we've seen GCC scaling up. I think GCCs make 
sense for relatively large institutions on the other side who can look at a relatively large 
number of, I would say, body of work to move on and then kind of make sense. But I 
think at the same time we're seeing GCCs also working with offshoring players to be 
able to fill up the demand. At the same time, people are looking at niche solutions, which 
many of us play.  
So I think it is, I would say, it isn't one way solution. I think there is enough demand both 
for the GCCs as well as third party players like us. 

 
Page 15 of 27 
 
 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Got it. That's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishnan ASV from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Krishnan ASV: 
Many thanks for taking my question. This is to do with Slide 17 of the presentation. And 
I just wanted to understand, given your vintage of having looked at India Inc. for a very 
long time, what does it take for India Inc. to start reinvesting and to revive the capex 
cycle? How much of that tailwind is discretionary according to you versus what 
necessarily needs to happen once they hit a certain capacity utilization? 
Subodh Rai: 
Thanks for your question. You're right. We have given the debt protection metrics on 
Slide 17, which is fairly strong. We haven't seen this kind of debt metrics in the last 
several years. So if you look at balance sheet distance, I think clearly there's enough 
space to do the capex. But given the geopolitical uncertainty that is there in the market, 
it may be one reason why private sector capex is not really picking up the way it can. 
Operating debt is already high. So if you ask me, the condition is favorable, but I think 
geopolitical situation is something where people are expecting more clarity, more 
stability before you see a good uptake in private capex.  
Amish Mehta: 
I think there are areas and I'm just going to add to what Subodh said, I think there are 
areas like renewables, there are areas like EV related within auto, the entire battery 
space. You look at, I think some of the electronics areas, I think there are investments 
happening. Of course, infrastructure, everything supporting infrastructure investment is 
happening. But for everything else, I think like Subodh mentioned, the current 
uncertainty in the environment with what will happen with tariffs, the direct impact, 
indirect impact, how that will play out. I think corporates are looking for clarity and 
certainty before they would end up committing to, I think, capex finance and going 
forward with their investment plans. I think that would be one of the triggers, if you were 
to ask me. Capacity utilization, I think we are hovering around that 75% mark. I think 
domestic demand remains robust in India. There are enough reasons why we believe 
domestic demand will continue. I think the key question will be the geopolitical 
uncertainty and what does that mean for some of the industries and the manufacturing 
requirements that might be there. 
Krishnan ASV: 
Interesting you say this, because I'm just trying to wonder, a lot of these headwinds in 
terms of tariffs are things that have picked up in the last four months. And yet we have 
hovered around 70%, 75% of capacity utilization for a much longer period of time. It's 
been nearly 8, 10 quarters or 8 quarters at the very least that we are there. So what's 
been, I mean, from your conversations with India Inc., what's been holding them back 
all along? Leave aside the last four months, where I understand these are tariff 
uncertainties, etcetera, but even in the run-up to this, most corporates have hesitated.  

 
Page 16 of 27 
 
 
So I was just trying to wonder, is there any insight that you have picked up from your 
conversations with India as to what is holding back private sector in capex? 
Amish Mehta: 
I mean, I can tell you last year, I mean, one of the key reasons was there were elections 
across the globe. Different economies, including India, US, some of the major 
economies were going to have elections. I think that was leading to people waiting and 
watching outcomes of those, what does it mean, change. I think over a period of time, 
we have continued to see various events globally. Before that, there was again the 
Ukraine, there were other events which are happening. I mean, you had the Middle East 
geopolitical crisis. So I think there have been events happening over a period of time, 
which has led to some of this uncertainty. The moment I think companies see stability 
in demand and also they see stability in the environment and policymaking. Our belief 
with the current balance sheet capability, which is sitting there, funding should not be a 
constraint. And I think you will see capex coming back. 
Priti Arora: 
Yes, and maybe to just add to what Amish said, we in fact did an analysis of 8 capex 
intensive sectors, which almost account for 70% of the annual industrial capex. And 
you're right, Krishna, that you mentioned that it indicates that the capacity utilization is 
indeed above the decadal averages and we see that across sectors like commercial 
vehicles, steel, cement, they're all being linked and are benefiting from the government 
infrastructure spending. 
I think even if I see year on year, so for 24 to 25 and 26 projections, we were seeing 
that increase. I think we were at the point where like Amish mentioned, some of the 
uncertainty was settling in. But I think the tariff conversations and what we're seeing 
right now is delaying the cycle for at least the next couple of quarters as we see it.  
But other indicators from a broad macro perspective, including capex and the 
deleveraging are definitely good momentum areas that we should continue to watch for, 
because they will definitely help uptime in the private capital. 
Krishnan ASV: 
Great. My second question is to do with the ratings business per se. I mean, this is also 
related to one of the earlier questions in terms of the -- where are the pockets where 
we are gaining market share? I mean, there's very clear tendency for corporates to 
move towards best in class. But where are these pockets that are emerging where you 
are seeing a migration towards Crisil? More importantly, given that a bulk of the market 
is migrating towards Crisil, shouldn't our ratings distribution now reflect, in some sense 
less of a skew towards AAA and AA? 
Subodh Rai: 
See, to your point, is there a migration to Crisil from other rating agencies, if I'm getting 
it right? See clearly, there's a preference for best in class ratings. And we do benefit 
from that. That's where business is concerned. Coming to you, say, the skew of AAA, 
AA. Skew is there because of the construct of the market because if you look at bond 
market, there's hardly any demand for a paper which is rated in say A to BB category,  

 
Page 17 of 27 
 
 
etcetera. I mean, practically, the market closes below AA category. So you will always 
see some skew. Having said that, let me tell you that if I look at overall Crisil portfolio, 
a couple of years back there was a time when we had median rating if you look at it was 
in BB category. Now, actually it has shifted to BBB category. So there is, if you look at 
the portfolio of Crisil in terms of ratings, our current median rating is around BBB. So, 
skew for AA, AAA to some extent will remain because of the nature of bond market as 
there's no appetite for papers which is rated below AA. But if you look at the overall 
picture clearly in our portfolio, we are seeing dominance of investment grade ratings. 
Krishnan ASV: 
Sure, thanks. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Hi, thank you. Good evening. My first question is on domestic ratings business. Would 
it be fair to say that over the last two, three years, it's sort of getting more and more 
towards bond ratings as against bank loan ratings? And if it's possible to give some 
more color around how's the demand on the bank loan rating side? Are there any 
structural shifts in terms of lower and lower demand for external ratings there?  
Subodh Rai: 
So, I think, to your point in terms of bond market and bank loan market, I think both are 
growing. That's number one. So, we are seeing growth in both the markets. Now, if you 
come to the number of companies rated. Bond market side I mean, there's a fair bit of 
stability. We are seeing more and more companies accessing the bond market. 
Particularly in the infra space, we have seen a lot of movement. There are a lot of new 
players from the infrastructure sector who have come to the bond market.  
If you look at bank loan, at the lowest end of bank loan where typically you have very, 
very small clients. We have seen that some of the banks have decided that at a really 
low end like INR 5 crores, INR 10 crores, they may not need a rating. And it's not a 
trend across the board, but in some cases we have seen.  
But purely if you look at high level, if I look at industry's revenue, despite some erosion 
at the lowest end of the spectrum. In bank loan rating, industry's revenue is consistently 
growing. If you look at last year, it grew at double digit. And if you look at listed 
companies' revenue this year also, I'm talking about CY24, the growth has been pretty 
strong. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Subodh, just a follow up, if you could also comment on the pricing aspect of the entire 
industry as well, especially on the bond market side. 
Amish Mehta: 
I think we don't comment on pricing of the players. I think this has remained more or 
less in line with what has been the trend. The market is competitive. And I think the 
pricing remains in line with what we have seen in the past. 

 
Page 18 of 27 
 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. And on the GAC piece, you indicated, Amish, that there are new areas which 
have opened up with S&P. If you could provide some more details as to which are these 
areas and what do you think is the growth runway for the next two to three years? 
Amish Mehta: 
So here, see, I mean, I think, like I mentioned, we are looking at creating centers of 
expertise for some of the areas where Crisil, has got its strength. So on the analytical 
side, research, like I mentioned, data analytics support, technology transformation, 
program management, I think we are trying to create an opportunity. You are aware 
that S&P already has, right, their businesses also have support which happens from 
India. They've got teams in India. 
So I think we are trying to find our competencies and where we can play to our strengths 
and trying to see how we can gain business from S&P on those strengths that Crisil has 
a right to win. I think that is where we are working on. We are trying to build that up. I 
think, how we are able to build that, what are the projects, what are the initiatives, I think 
that is what will determine the scale of the opportunity as we go forward. So I don't think 
we have any forward-looking statement in terms of what should be the target. I think, 
as you know, we have put an aspirational number for ourselves in the AGM for the 
revenue that we would want to pursue. 
 
So I think that is what we would like to, you know, pursue from an intent perspective. 
How that plays out over a period of time, our ability to be able to demonstrate that value, 
I think that is going to be important. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. Then the next one is on Gen AI. Still early days, but if you could comment on 
what does it mean in terms of business outcomes for Crisil as a company in terms of 
demand for these type of engagements and how does it impact your legacy or your pre-
existing work in terms of demand for people and engagement levels there?  
Amish Mehta: 
So I think Gen AI, see it has accelerated adoption. I mean, as I mentioned, across 
various industries, right, there are a lot of POCs which are being done. We see a lot of 
POCs being done across various companies and organizations, but we are yet to see 
widespread adoption of Gen AI in finance.  
So I think as far as Crisil goes, we are looking at the evolution of Gen AI, large language 
models, both as an opportunity and in terms of how we can leverage that for efficiency 
and effectiveness. So we look at efficiency, we are looking at deploying AI to enhance 
the operational efficiency of our internal processes in the organization where we can, 
right, where we have the ability to look at areas where we can leverage Gen AI. 
I think the second is from effectiveness to invest in AI offerings, which will help our 
clients either in their AI journeys themselves or in AI-led products. And I think I gave 
some examples or I think some of my colleagues spoke about some examples of how 
we are leveraging Gen AI.  

 
Page 19 of 27 
 
 
So like in, we have incorporated Gen AI capabilities in our CREDIT+ ICON, which allows 
us to, which enables credit analysts to generate draft summaries of credit reports. This 
is based on financial data and analysis reports. In addition, we have put a natural 
language query feature, which has been added to one of our offerings, Fulkrum, which 
is a business intelligence platform. And I think some of these enhancements help to 
elevate the value of the proposition of our products. In some cases, it improves the user 
experience for data analytics. And, I also mentioned that on one of our global 
businesses, we are using Gen AI to create credit reports, which are then being used by 
our clients.  
So I think, we're trying to see how we can leverage Gen AI across our products, 
incorporate that as a capability and enhance the capability of those products and 
offerings, and also leverage it as a tool, which we can then see the value of that for the 
workflows that we might be using, and how we can, try and leverage the value of Gen 
AI, both internal and external. So this is a technology which we are, which is evolving. 
And I think we are trying to see how we can embrace that to generate value for 
ourselves. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And sorry for one more follow up on this question. Any areas where you think it's a 
potentially material risk in terms of demand for work from clients? 
Amish Mehta: 
I think, and I, if I remember right, I had spoken about this last year as well. I think one 
of the things which Crisil does, because of our domain expertise and our core 
capabilities, we operate in areas which are much more domain specific, right? There 
could be some parts of that, which could have the ability of Gen AI being leveraged, but 
it is not something that will completely, you know, I think take over the work that we are 
doing, unlike a lot of the other maybe process organizations which might be working on 
at scale. 
 
I think in our case, there could be areas where we can actually leverage Gen AI, and 
that becomes an opportunity for us. Because, with the core expertise, if you're able to 
add Gen AI capability, you actually are creating a lot more opportunity for yourself as 
an organization to partner with clients, because that's the capability which they are 
looking at. I think that's how we are seeing the entire space. 
 
There are areas, like I mentioned, that, like on data, I mean, a simple example, data 
extraction. You know, there are tools which are being looked at, there are LLM models 
which are there, but how do you use that LLM model for specific use cases on, let's 
say, credit, or areas that we operate in; I think that expertise, that ability, is what is the 
key differentiator for somebody like us. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. That's very helpful. And just the last one. In the past, you indicated that both your 
businesses have levers for margin improvement. Any fresh update on that comment, 
please? 

 
Page 20 of 27 
 
 
Amish Mehta: 
Sorry, which businesses? I mean, okay, let me just say an overall intent that I will play 
out, that as an organization, as a leadership team, as a company, our strategy is to 
grow profitably. We will always focus on driving growth across all our businesses and 
continue to maintain and grow margins. I think that is the way we think about all our 
businesses, and we believe there is an opportunity to drive that across all our 
businesses. And that value could be, like, getting more customers, could be better 
premium pricing, right, being more efficient in our operations. It's a combination of all, 
but our intent is always to grow profitably. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh from Lucky Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Pritesh: 
Yes, sir. My question pertains to the India Ratings business. So, in the last 12 months, 
are there any pricing actions in the bank loan rating market and the bond rating market? 
And if you want to quantify or highlight it so that we get a better idea in terms of the 
volume and the pricing that grows? 
Amish Mehta: 
I think, like I mentioned, that we continue to drive all our businesses to grow profitably, 
and that would include looking at better pricing, better premium pricing, better value to 
our clients. I think, each of our businesses will continue to evaluate opportunities and 
see how they can increase pricing from our clients. 
Pritesh: 
Okay. Will it be possible for you to share the volume growth in the business? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, we don't disclose the numbers, those numbers publicly.  
Pritesh: 
Okay. My second question is, last 12 months have been a case where the risk rates 
were higher, and some of the financial institutions, had a stable rate regime. Financial 
institutions heading to bond markets for borrowing. With the lower risk rates now and 
falling interest rates, does the structure of the rating industry change a bit in terms of 
the growth direction, or there are any other levers where the structure remains intact? 
Subodh Rai: 
First question about the change in risk rate. I'm assuming you're referring to NBFCs, 
where RBI has kind of reduced the risk rate?  
Pritesh: 
Yes. 
Subodh Rai: 
So, I think, if you look at overall industry level, as I said in my presentation, it can be 
one of the post-typicals for NBFCs. And we have to see how bank lending actually 
moves there, because NBFCs are facing asset quality challenges in certain segments. 
So, there may be some benefit, but whether it will go back to the previous level. It's 
something that we have to monitor. 

 
Page 21 of 27 
 
 
 
As far as rate cuts are concerned, what we have seen traditionally is that whenever rate 
cut happens, we see greater activities in bond market. If you look at 10-year G-Sec, it 
is already below 6.5%. So, it may translate into, superior spread for AA and AAA papers, 
and that can be a kicker in the bond market. So, we have to see. And we are expecting 
more rate cuts, as I said earlier, that we're expecting 50 bps rate cut in fiscal 2026 here 
onwards. So, we do believe that there may be some positivity in the bond market. 
Pritesh: 
Okay. So, between the last 12 months and the next 12 months, do you see the structure 
improving in terms of growth for the rating agency in a nutshell, or do you see the 
structure enabling a similar growth rate for the rating agency? So, it's a directional 
question without a number in mind. 
Amish Mehta: 
I think there are a couple of things. One is, like, we mentioned the entire credit growth, 
the growth of the economy. I think the interest rate going down should facilitate, like 
Subodh mentioned, the bond market fundraising. However, again, fundraising will 
depend upon requirement and the activity level. So, I think it's very difficult to comment, 
which way things might play. I think if there is demand for fundraising and with the 
interest rate going down as the economy does well, geopolitical uncertainty stabilizes, 
I think we should see an environment which is positive. I mean, I think that's as simple 
as that. 
Pritesh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akhil Gulecha from Hornbill Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Akhil Gulecha: 
Hello, and good evening to everyone. My question is on the Research, Analytics and 
Solution division. So, we've had negative growth last year in 2024, and the first quarter 
as well, the growth has only been 2%. So, while I understand that there are tariffs and 
a lot of the discretionary spending is not in your hands directly, how do you see this 
division going ahead in 2025 or 2026? Do you see the challenges continuing? Do you 
see it turning around anytime soon? How are you seeing it? 
Amish Mehta: 
I think, like I mentioned, so one is, we don't give a forward-looking view, but let me give 
you the color of the opportunities that we are seeing across our businesses in the 
Research segment. I think Priti, Duncan, and Gurpreet called out the areas of 
opportunity.  
I think from an India perspective, both on the data and research side, I think we continue 
to see opportunity to drive growth from a demand from our clients and the work that we 
do. The challenge could be in case there is a slowdown in investments and if the growth 
slows down given the uncertainty, I think that could be a challenge. But the opportunity 
is in those, even in those times, the demand for data and research continues, and we  

 
Page 22 of 27 
 
 
have seen that during COVID times. I think Crisil as an organization has the ability to 
leverage, some of these, I would say, events, even if there is a slowdown. 
 
On the global side, Duncan spoke about benchmarking, and again, I would say that, 
you know, with the global uncertainty on the investment bank side, there is demand for 
benchmarking, right, I mean, banks want to know what's happening, what is the impact. 
I think demand for services in, you know, Global Benchmarking again continues in an 
environment which is volatile. 
 
The third part of our business, which is the global Integral IQ, and I think, again, both 
me and Gurpreet shared the areas of growth that we are focusing on. This is a business 
where, yes, the discretionary spends or the slowdown might have an impact given the 
clients, right? I mean, and how they approach their spends on areas of work that we 
do. I think how that will play out and what could be an impact and how, you know, how 
are we able to focus on our growth areas and be able to build that pipeline to drive 
growth in that business; I think that could be something which we will continue to 
monitor and drive going forward. 
 
So I think if you ask me, the focus of the businesses as a strategy, as an organization 
is to drive growth, look at the white spaces, look at areas of opportunity, focus, build 
pipeline. We have invested in sales teams, we are investing in building products and 
solutions, right, and I think that is what our focus as an organization is. 
Akhil Gulecha: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you so much. I'm sorry to repeat this again. I know a couple of 
analysts already spoke about this, but the growth in the India rating business is really 
sort of surprising because this 30% number, it's a number we've rarely seen in the 
history of the company, as well as the industry, as well as the competitors' numbers. 
 
So something drastically must have changed because you've grown 30%, 20%, and 
then 32% again for three quarters now. So has the market share been that drastic that 
the other companies, that when the industry is growing 10%, 12%, you're going 30%? 
Something does not add up here. 
Amish Mehta: 
I think we should look at annual revenues is what I would say. If you look at last year, 
full year numbers, right? We look at the annual revenue and there is growth across both 
parts of Ratings Services segment. Like we mentioned, the Global Analytical Center, 
the work that we do for S&P Global is also part of that, of that portfolio and the work 
that happens, the rating, domestic rating side. We continue to see opportunity. I think 
we continue to drive growth across both those businesses. We continue to differentiate 
ourselves with the work that we do, the relationships that we have. I think that is what I 
would say. And I would also add, I mean, I think somebody mentioned earlier, is this 
the best? I would say the best is yet to come. I am a firm believer that I think we are 
going to continue driving the opportunity. 

 
Page 23 of 27 
 
 
Akhil Gulecha: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you so much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Yes, thank you so much. My question is on the new brand identity. Is this a classification 
only for branding or it will have a P&L and hence monitoring and target settings for each 
of these identities? 
Amish Mehta: 
I think this is something which we have embarked, like I mentioned to demonstrate one 
enterprise, the value to our clients, the connectedness of the brands and the 
businesses, sorry, the interconnectedness of the businesses that we have to our clients 
and being able to tell the, you know, the story of Crisil and the story of our businesses 
in a very, very powerful way to our clients. That is what we will be leveraging the entire 
brand, the launch that we have done. So, this is about repositioning. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Okay, but would we be having a P&L for each of these brands? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, these businesses are anyway classified and those are classified in the segment. 
We monitor all the businesses. That is what I spoke of. So, each of us spoke about the 
businesses. So, we monitor these businesses very closely. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Okay. My second question is, see, over a period of time, the organization has grown 
and complexities have increased. But if you look at the reporting structure, that seems 
it has not evolved basically and it's sort of leading to information asymmetry and 
opaqueness. And I think as the complexity increases, the opaqueness between the 
management and the shareholders will only increase. So, any roadmap the board or 
the management has to maybe remove the asymmetry between what the management 
and the shareholders see? 
Amish Mehta: 
I think I would say any suggestions that you might have, please feel free to share with 
Dinesh our CFO. We will continue to look at it. I mean, I think our intent is to share as 
much information in our balance sheet. 
 
We try to cover in our management disclosures, right, even in our analyst call, in the 
analyst presentation that we do, keeping regard to the requirements that are there and 
also from a competitive landscape information that we are able to share. But we'll be 
happy to take any feedback. 
 
I think the intent is always to have a meaningful disclosure so that, you know, I think 
analysts and the stakeholders are able to understand what we do. That would be our 
intent. So, we'll be happy to take any feedback that you might have. 
 

 
Page 24 of 27 
 
 
Anuj Sharma: 
Yes, no, just one point and then I'll ask a question. See, a credit rating agency should 
actually remove information asymmetry. And as I see, the asymmetries are only 
increasing. So, that's my point, but I'll take it offline. 
 
My second question is, if I look at geographical breakup, the rest of the world seems to 
have done a little better at 16.8%. I don't know if that's a true representation again, but 
what is happening in the rest of the world? Can you just share some light over there? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, you're talking about the revenue breakup by geography, right?  
Anuj Sharma: 
That's right. That's right. Yes. And this is CY '24 over CY '23 in the annual report here? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, I think, like I mentioned, I think, we have a portfolio of businesses that we operate 
in. And, right, I mean, some of our businesses are global with global clients. So, I think, 
depending on, you know, which business grows, I think that that is a reflection of the 
growth of some of the businesses that we might have. I think our strategy is to grow 
every business profitably. I think that is how we work. 
Anuj Sharma: 
But some more details into what exactly is happening in the rest of world, which service, 
which segment is doing well, some light into that? 
Amish Mehta: 
I think, like we mentioned, that the Coalition Greenwich business, which is, you know, 
is a business which has done well. I think that is one of the key drivers that you are 
seeing out there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from Valentis Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking the question. So, you know, I would like to get your opinion on 
the four pointers. So, that is, again, with respect to the corporate capex program. So, 
firstly, like, you know, what is your view on, you know, the corporate cash balance and 
short-term investments as a percentage of the total asset? So, how that is moving and 
thereby impact on the, you know, probable capex that we are looking at? 
 
Second is the total loans under resolution in NCLT and NARCL or all the ARCs, 
basically, we can consider, where, you know, the interested corporate can bid for. And 
therefore, there is a, again, lower probability of the fresh capex.  
Third point is basically the banking system LDR position and the ability of banks to lend 
for the corporate capex. 
 
Fourth point is basically the RBI revised guideline on the STM investment book with 
respect to the inclusion of non-SLR in the investment, STM investment. So, these four 
pointers, you know, what is your opinion on all this, each of these four pointers with 
respect to capex? If we can throw some light? 

 
Page 25 of 27 
 
 
Amish Mehta: 
If I understand correctly, you are talking about the external capex. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, correct. So, corporate capex and related, our, rating revenue improvement. So, I 
was coming from that, perspective. So, like, the corporate capex, is there. But, you 
know, if you look at the cash balances and the short term investments, that number is 
pretty healthy right now as a percentage of their total corporate assets. So, because 
that number is, RBI publishes that number. 
 
So, I was looking at that number and just trying to understand that would really 
corporate will, demand the loan because the income accruals are quite high right now? 
Subodh Rai: 
Yes, I think two parts to it, I think on private capex, we have answered. I mean, it's a 
very complex play of multiple factors. If you look at balance sheet, clearly, it looks like 
they are ready. If you look at operating group, it looks like they are ready. But if you look 
at the overall business environment, given the geopolitical situation, tariff situation, it's 
slightly complex. 
 
Just to your point, whether corporates have more cash and short-term loan today with 
them and whether they will take lesser loan, this is a possibility. Because if I already 
have cash and short-term loan and I'm going to do a capex probably rather than 
leveraging it fully, I may only part leverage. 
 
We have also seen, most corporate talking about having lesser leverage, having 
cleaner balance sheet in terms of debt, having lesser debt. So to that extent the 
assumption you are stating seems appropriate to me that if I have a lot of cash, I have 
a lot of short term resources on my balance sheet, there's a possibility that I'll take 
lesser amount of debt. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sure. And the second point with respect to the loans under resolution in NCLT, because 
interested parties and interested corporates can bid for that. And therefore, again there 
is a lower probability for the first capex? 
Subodh Rai: 
What we have seen in the last couple of years, corporates are more inclined towards 
brownfield expansion, acquisition and taking assets from NCLT. That can be one of the 
reasons why we are seeing lesser capex. If such opportunities are available, I do 
believe that corporates are going to leverage those opportunities. 
 
And will that affect, it all depends on opportunities. We have seen that happening in the 
steel sector, in the cement sector. We have seen a lot of acquisitions has happened. 
But it's not as if these opportunities are available across sectors. In select sectors, these 
opportunities are available and corporates are leveraging on it. So if such opportunities 
are available, I do believe that corporate will be exploring those opportunities as well. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
No, but the thing is that -- the realization of the recovery rate for banks is so low that, 
corporates are buying the same kind of assets at much lower price, much lower price.  

 
Page 26 of 27 
 
 
So that is why, the demand for the first debt that they would raise is much lower. So if 
you look at cumulatively that picture, so to that extent that demand comes down, 
demand for the debt from the corporate, whosoever is bidding for it? 
Subodh Rai: 
So yes, I mean, that is always a possibility. Like I said, it all depends on the availability 
of assets. And what is the strategy of a particular corporate. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
And third point with respect to the LDR position, because that is like, we are at the 17, 
18 year high at 81% LDR. So how would, bank actually lend for the corporate capex, if 
it has to happen through the, through the loan not through the credit substitute? 
Management: 
Amish, so I think if you look at the loan-to-deposit ratio or the credit-deposit ratio, that 
has gone up in the past two years because the deposit growth has trailed the credit 
growth. But if you look at the last three years or so, a couple of years back, the 
difference in growth was 500 basis points between the two. Last year it was 300 basis 
points, and now it is around 100 basis points and deposit growth, the gap between the 
deposit growth and credit growth. 
 
If you look at the environment in the next year or so, the current fiscal, with the interest 
rates coming low and the liquidity situation also improving, if you look at till March, the 
liquidity situation was very tight in the system. RBI has infused liquidity, and if you look 
at their staff, it is more accommodative now, and they seem to be wanting to ensure 
that liquidity is there. 
 
In that environment, we believe that the difference between deposit growth and credit 
growth will not be very substantial in the days ahead. The environment for deposit 
growth will become more benign. So in that context, we don't see the loan-to-deposit 
ratio go up too much from here on. And the difference between that credit growth and 
deposit growth will be more or less where it is. So that would mean that the 12% to 13% 
credit growth we are talking about, that banks should be able to achieve this fiscal. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
And sir, the last pointer with respect to the revised guideline on the STM investment 
book, where non-SLR inclusion is possible. So would banks raise some kind of debt, 
Tier 2 capital or something like that, or maybe Tier 1 capital, and then lend to corporate 
if there is a demand for corporate capex? So is that possibility there, or is your opinion 
on the same? 
Management: 
That possibility is always there, but the extent will be limited. You see how much Tier 2 
a bank can borrow vis-a-vis deposits. That number is not very high. To some limited 
extent, it may be there. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sure. Got it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhu Gupta from Quantum Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 27 of 27 
 
 
Madhu Gupta: 
I just have one question now. SEBI has come out with very strict guidelines where credit 
rating agencies have been asked to monitor the end usage of capital which is being 
raised by companies. They are also asking CRAs to analyze companies as to their track 
record while raising equity. So how do you think these kind of regulations, will they affect 
your business processes, and any impact of any growth rate going ahead because of 
these guidelines? 
Subodh Rai: 
So first of all, let me state the facts. As of now, we have not received any particular 
guidelines from SEBI. These are the reports we have read. As far as the product you 
are referring to, this is MA product. The methodology for this product is established in 
consultation with SEBI when this product was introduced. And in case if there is any 
change in guidelines, methodology, etc., we will evaluate at that point of time. 
Madhu Gupta: 
So right now, they are just taking feedback. I mean, there are no guidelines as such 
from SEBI as far as the domestic rating business. I mean, these guidelines are not for 
the domestic rating business. They are just getting feedback right now. That's what we 
need to say? 
Subodh Rai: 
SEBI as a part of our process, not only for this product, across numerous things, they 
are always in consultation with rating agencies and the Association of Rating Agencies 
called AIRA. And a number of points, these are feedback. And as a rating agency, we 
always wait for final guidelines to comment on either on impact or if there is any change 
in methodology, etc. 
Madhu Gupta: 
Got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I will now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Amish Mehta to conclude session. 
Amish Mehta: 
Thank you, everybody, for patient hearing and asking your questions. Like I mentioned, 
I think we continue to monitor the environment and I think our strategy is about driving 
growth profitably. If there is anything that you would want to ask or know, please feel 
free to reach out to Dinesh at CFO. We will be happy to address any queries that you 
might have. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. That concludes the call for today. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. 
And you may now disconnect. 
