 
 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited
     (formerly Glenmark Life Sciences Limited) 
Corporate Office: 
Registered Office: 
4th Floor, OIA House, 470, Cardinal  Gracious Road 
Plot No 170-172, Chandramouli Industrial Estate 
Andheri (E), Mumbai 400 099, Maharashtra, India 
Mohol Bazarpeth, Solapur 413 213, India 
T: +91 22 6829 7979 | CIN: L74900PN2011PLC139963 | E: complianceofficer@glenmarklifesciences.com  | W: www.alivus.com 
May 23, 2025 
 
To,                                                                                               To,  
Dy. General Manager                                                              The Manager – Listing,  
Department of Corporate Services,                                      National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
BSE Ltd.,                                                                                      Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,                                                       Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001                                                          Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
Ref: Scrip Code: 543322                                                          Ref: Scrip Name: ALIVUS  
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call   
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, the transcript of Earnings Call held on Friday, May 16, 
2025 for the fourth quarter and year ended March 31, 2025 is available on website of the Company 
at:  
https://bunny-wp-pullzone-zhbiessutg.b-
cdn.net/alivus_pdfs/investors/financials/reports_presentation/Transcript_AlivusEarnings_Call_Q4
FY25.pdf 
 
The said transcript is also attached.  
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
  
Thanking you  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
(formerly Glenmark Life Sciences Limited) 
 
  
 
Rudalf Corriea  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Encl: As above 
 
RUDALF 
JOSEPH 
CORRIEA
Digitally signed by 
RUDALF JOSEPH 
CORRIEA 
Date: 2025.05.23 
15:57:32 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Alivus Life Sciences Limited Q4 FY’25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. YASIR RAWJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ALIVUS LIFE SCIENCES 
LIMITED. 
MR. TUSHAR MISTRY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ALIVUS LIFE SCIENCES LIMITED. 
MS. SOUMI RAO – ALIVUS LIFE SCIENCES LIMITED. 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Alivus Life Sciences Limited (formerly 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited) Q4 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Soumi Rao from Alivus Life Sciences. Thank you and 
over to Ms. Rao. 
Soumi Rao: 
Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all to the Earnings Call of Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
for the quarter and year ended March 31st, 2025. 
From Alivus Life Sciences, we have with us Dr. Yasir Rawjee – our Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Tushar Mistry – our Chief Financial Officer. Our Board has 
approved the results for the quarter ended March 31st, 2025. We have released the same to the 
Stock Exchanges and updated it on our website. Please note that the recording and transcript of 
this call will be available on the website of the Company. 
Now, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that some of the information shared as part 
of this call, especially information with respect to our plans and strategies, may contain certain 
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on 
current expectations, forecasts and assumptions that are subject to risks which could cause actual 
results to differ materially from these statements depending upon economic conditions, 
government policies and other incidental factors. Such statements should not be regarded by 
recipients as a substitute of their own judgment. The Company undertakes no obligation to 
update or revise any forward-looking statement. Our actual results may differ materially from 
those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
With that, I invite Dr. Yasir Rawjee to say a few words. Thank you and over to you, Dr. Rawjee. 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Soumi, thank you. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our Q4 and FY’25 Earnings Call. 
Before we get into the Company's performance for the quarter, let me briefly touch upon 
the broader industry landscape: 
So the global industry continues to evolve around structural changes because of ongoing supply 
chain shifts, geopolitical tensions and regulatory reforms in US drug pricing, and also the rising 
demand from emerging markets. Our growth is supported by increasing outsourcing, rising 
demand for specialized APIs and efforts to diversify supply chains. Additionally, the industry is 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
making meaningful strides in adopting sustainable manufacturing practices and next generation 
technologies. 
So coming to Alivus and our quarter performance: 
We have made pretty strong progress this quarter, reporting revenues of Rs.650 crores, which is 
a year-on-year growth of 21.1%. So Q4 witnessed broad based revenue growth coming from all 
regions. Now GPL and non-GPL business grew at 31% Y-o-Y and 19% Y-o-Y respectively. The 
generic business posted a growth of 22.6% Y-o-Y, while the CDMO business also grew 22.6%. 
From a geographical perspective, growth was well distributed with India, Europe, Japan and 
ROW all playing a significant role in this growth. 
Moving on to our profits for the quarter: 
Our EBITDA margin for the quarter was 32.1%, up 520 bps Y-o-Y and 80 bps Q-o-Q. Primarily 
driven by a more favorable product mix coupled with product launches especially in the ROW 
markets. 
Coming to our full year performance: 
GPL grew by 8.8% Y-o-Y, whereas non-GPL business grew 6.3% Y-o-Y. Sales revenue growth, 
excluding other operating income remains at 7.1%. On an overall basis, we reported revenue of 
Rs.2387 crore, reflecting a Y-o-Y growth of 4.5% in-line with our FY’25 guidance. Notably, we 
were able to maintain margins at 30% Y-o-Y, despite the absence of PLI benefits this year. A 
testament to the overall resilience and efficiency of our business. From a geographical 
standpoint, India, Europe, ROW and Japan like I said earlier contributed to full year growth, 
with Japan in particular recording a remarkable growth. Although it is on a small base that said, 
we expect this positive momentum to continue. 
Another encouraging development is the headwinds in the Latin market have started easing 
gradually, with early signs of improvement now visible. On the other hand, the US market is 
experiencing a slower than expected growth owing to a bunch of challenges externally as well 
as a little bit of destocking with our customers. So we believe that this will turn around in FY’26. 
Our CDMO performance remains soft during the year primarily because of the cyclical nature 
of demand in this segment. Project number 4, is gradually gaining traction, and the 5th project 
is expected to commercialize in the second half of this year. 
I am also pleased to share that our Ankleshwar plant received the EIR following the routine 
GMP inspection by US FDA at the end of January this year. 
Our pipeline remains robust, with 561 DMF and CEP filings globally. As on March 31st, 2025 
the high potent API portfolio remains on the development path with 24 products now in the 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
active grid, representing a total addressable market of $49 billion. Of these seven products are 
validated, five products are in advance stages of development, and the remaining 12 products 
are progressing through various stages in lab development. 
Looking ahead at FY’26 we expect volume growth in mid-teens. However, given the pricing 
pressure we expect the revenue growth to be in the high single digits as it stands. The Q1 FY’26 
trends as we see now, are encouraging from a growth perspective. So we will take stock of the 
whole year performance on a quarterly basis as things develop. We would like to reiterate that 
margins will continue to be in the 28% to 30% band in the foreseeable future. 
With this, I now turn the floor to our CFO – Mr. Tushar Mistry, who will walk you through a 
detailed financial performance for the quarter. 
Tushar Mistry: 
Thank you, Dr. Yasir. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our Q4 and FY’25 Earnings Call. 
I would like to briefly touch on the key performance highlights for the quarter and year ended 
31st March 2025 before opening the floor for questions-and-answers. 
For Q4 FY’25, our revenue from operations stood at Rs.650 crores, a growth of 21.1% year-on-
year, and 1.2% on sequential basis. The gross profit for the quarter was at Rs.367 crores, up 
23.2% year-on-year and 2.9% sequentially. The gross margins for the quarter stood at 56.5% 
driven by better product mix. EBITDA for the quarter was at Rs.209 crores, up 44.2% year-on-
year, and 3.8% sequentially. EBITDA margin for the quarter was at 32.1% up 520 bps year-on-
year, and 80 bps sequentially, driven by higher gross margins coupled with new product 
launches. And the PAT for the quarter stood at Rs.142 crores, with PAT margins coming at 
21.8%. 
Moving on to the full year numbers: 
Revenue from operations for FY’25 was at Rs.2387 crores, a growth of 8.8% in GPL and 6.3% 
in non-GPL business, which led to an overall sales was of 7.1% normalizing for the PLI impact. 
Gross profit for FY’25 was at Rs.1306 crores, and gross margins were at 54.7%. EBITDA was 
at Rs.717 crores with EBITDA margin at 30% maintaining steady margin throughout the year. 
PAT was at Rs.486 crores with PAT margin of 20.3%. Looking at the therapeutic mix, CVS and 
CNS continue to lead the growth during the year, with both therapies contributing 55% to the 
top line. R&D expenditure for FY’25 was at Rs.81 crores, which was 3.4% of our sales and for 
the quarter, it was at Rs.24 crores. 
Touching upon the balance sheet and cash flow statements: 
Starting with a cash conversion cycle. Working capital was higher during FY’25 at 192 days due 
to increase in debtor’s days. As indicated earlier, GPL credit days have increased as per the 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
agreement. The skewness of GPL business towards the second half of the year results in higher 
debtors days at the end of the year. We believe this trend should continue going forward. 
Coming to capital expenditure: 
CAPEX for quarter was at Rs.47 crores, while for FY’25 was at Rs.166 crores. We plan to incur 
about, we have a carry forward of about Rs.190 crores of CAPEX as we had indicated earlier, 
that we have about Rs.300 to Rs.350 crores of capital layout in FY’25. So we have a carryover 
of about Rs.190 crores, plus additionally we are planning to incur another Rs.350 to Rs.400 
crores in the current year for which we have pre CAPEX approvals from the Board. 
These CAPEX include the Greenfield expansion in Solapur, expansion in Ankleshwar, Dahej, 
as well as the new R&D center that we are planning near Mumbai. We continue to remain a net 
debt free Company, and I am happy to inform you that we have generated strong cash flow from 
operations of Rs.233 crores in FY’25 with cash and cash equivalents, including short-term 
investments of Rs.549 crores on the books as of 31st March 2025. 
In conclusion: 
I would like to reiterate that we remain optimistic about our future trajectory, supported by a 
favorable demand environment and a healthy order book. With that, let us open the floor for 
Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question comes from the 
line of Ahmed Madha with Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Firstly, on the capital allocation and CAPEX, obviously we had very high payouts till last year, 
and with the change in ownership it is obvious we will focus on growth. So in that context, could 
you give some idea on how are we thinking about CAPEX for the next three years. Also, it seems 
we have pushed out 2650 KL capacity line from FY’27 to FY’28. Wouldn't it be more logical to 
fasten up the CAPEX, your thoughts please sir? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Okay. So basically, let me take the last part first, right as far as pushing out the volume expansion 
see, we have always been calibrated okay with respect to so while we thought we would need 
around 2600 KL by FY’27 we feel now that we can push it out. And the reason for that is that, 
we have done a lot more brownfield expansion especially on pharma capacity, both in Dahej as 
well as Ankleshwar which will be completed this year. So given that kind of pharma capacity, 
we will have a pretty good runway for the next couple maybe even two, three years going 
forward. So then what happens is, that our three year plan basically has to be done largely 
completed this year which as Tushar just explained, is a carryover from FY’25 but then it will 
be pretty aggressive in FY’26 to complete these brownfield expansions, plus the Solapur first 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
phase, and then hopefully we will get our R&D center built out as well. So that should give us a 
pause to have an aggressive expansion because Solapur will give us sufficient capacity on the 
intermediate side. Plus we can trigger an inspection by taking some validations of some key 
APIs. But then on the commercial side, we can expect both Ankleshwar as well as Dahej to 
continue to service the business. 
Ahmed Madha: 
So is it fair to assume our CAPEX will be FY’26 will be Rs.400, Rs.450 crores in that range? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
No, it will be upwards of Rs.550. So you add Rs.190 to Rs.350, Rs.400 so we are around Rs.550-
ish crores, Rs.550 to Rs.600. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay. And could you explain how our 4th product pipeline is shaping up for FY’26, any new 
major product launches in the pipeline. Also, our HP API pipeline is building up nicely as you 
explained in the presentation. So can we expect anything major to come out of this and contribute 
to revenues in the next one, two years? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So, see the launches that we have seen in FY’25 as well as what is coming up in FY’26 are 
products that we sort of developed and seeded with customers about four, five years ago. This 
was keeping in mind the patent expiration dates, in various markets. So that is coming along as 
expected. As far as this portfolio that we are developing goes, patent expiries are sort of starting 
off from calendar 27 onwards. So we should see in FY’28, the launches from this pipeline should 
start from FY’28 onwards. But then there will be launches like we had this year, we had last 
year, then we are going to have this year and so on. So those will keep coming, because we have 
been developing the pipeline now pretty aggressively for the last six years since the Company 
became independent split up basically from Glenmark. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And how do you assess the impact of changes happening at the industry level in the near term, 
specifically the tariffs from USA, what is your judgment. And in this context, are we being 
conservative seeing high single digit growth, or is it a fair to expect that similar to FY’25, when 
the things will be high single digit revenue growth? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes, so like we said, we are already seeing a volume growth of mid-teens that is very clear that 
we are seeing that. But then there is erosion in the market. So depending on how we are able to 
manage that erosion, we should be definitely in the high single digits to be able to drive the 
growth. As well as, the good news is that Q1 is also looking pretty promising, so the momentum 
that we have had in the last two quarters continues. As far as the industry goes, except the US, 
things are pretty much where they were last year. So on May 7th, three large industry 
organizations this is the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, the 
Biotechnology Innovation Organization and the Association of Accessible Medicines. These are 
three large industry bodies in the US that made a representation on May 7th to the US 
government basis on invitation. So this was solicited by the Commerce Secretary, and so they 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
have made a pretty strong case for basically not having tariffs, because they have argued, pretty 
successfully that it would basically entail a big supply chain risk to the pharmaceutical supply 
chain, and would put R&D investment also on the back burner. So, with all this plus, so they 
have also made an alternative suggestion to the Trump administration on having, in place of 
tariffs other incentives that would help to drive local manufacturing in the US. So, let's see it's 
still out there, the jury is still out there in terms of how the US government takes it. But given 
the fact that there is a fairly strong internal push by industry bodies in the US itself not to have 
tariffs, we think that the outlook from the US will remain quite positive. So, maybe it will lead 
to a small upside, but that remains to be seen. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. Last question from my side, there is slight receivable bump up in the end of March balance 
sheet any comments on that? 
Tushar Mistry: 
Yes, but as I explained in my opening remarks, Glenmark Pharma has the increased number of 
days as per the agreement. So the entire Rs.200 crores that you see as a bump up is all on account 
of that. We don't see any challenges as far as a non-GPL business is concerned, that remains 
steady. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Could you elaborate more on the agreement. What will be the number of days for the GPL 
business? 
Tushar Mistry: 
So, that will be upwards of 150 days as per the agreement. But also what happens is, since the 
GPL business is more skewed towards second half, the end of the year looks a bit skewed as far 
as the number of days is concerned for GPL also. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Dilip an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Since there is no reply from the line of Mr. Dilip, we will move to the next. The next question 
comes to the line of Tarang Agarwal with Old Bridge. Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agarwal: 
Just a couple of questions. One, what was the volume growth for FY’25 and second, from a 
FY’26 standpoint, does the OAI on Glenmark Indore impact your business. Thanks. 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Tarang just repeat the last part, please again. 
Tarang Agarwal: 
From a FY’26 impact, does the Glenmark Indore OAI impact your volumes? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
It's been 10%, the volume growth in FY’25 has been 10% and with regard to the OAI status of 
the Indore site for GPL, I don't think it's likely to impact us in any way, because we supply pretty 
uniformly to all the GPL sites, and I am sure GPL will be working to sort this out, but it has no 
impact on demand for our APIs. 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Tarang Agarwal: 
Okay. Just one more question doctor, in your initial address you did talk about some softness in 
the US, in terms of pricing, but the broader sense that we are picking up is, it's a fairly buoyant 
market currently so especially the generic space. So where is the disconnect and what is driving 
your slightly somber outlook on the US? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
It's a good question, but there is a mix right of things here, one is see, when I talk about softness, 
I am particularly talking about our portfolio because it's a higher end there are newer molecules 
that we are launching and so there is a fair chance of more erosion on those set of molecules 
from our customers that's what I am sort of referring to. I do agree with you that, on an overall 
basis, things are pretty much bottomed out. But, so far so good, we have had, we are okay. But 
on pricing, we do expect a little bit of push from our customers. 
Tarang Agarwal: 
Got it. And the last question, from our overall CAPEX standpoint, how much is your budget for 
the R&D center specifically, and will it all be, how confident are you to deploy the commitment 
that you have laid out in FY’26 itself for the overall CAPEX numbers that have been outlined? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So on the R&D center, we should be spending somewhere between Rs.70 to Rs.80 crore to build 
that out. On the overall, it's a bit challenging but then most of the projects have started off. So 
the brown fields in Ankleshwar, the Brownfield in Dahej is well underway. Solapur is also 
coming along pretty well and these are the two, the three big items on the manufacturing side 
that consume the CAPEX. And then, like I said, R&D will be about Rs.70 to Rs.80 crore. So we 
should do most of this 550 crores and we need to really, it needs to happen, 
Tarang Agarwal: 
Got it. And sir last question, I know this is many of my last, but definitely the last. If you could 
give a sense on what's happening on iron sucrose for you? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So, you know we don't talk about products particularly, but since you asked particularly it's being 
reviewed, so it's under review. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nitesh Dutt from Burman Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Sir you mentioned that you have visibility of mid-teens kind of volume growth, but because of 
erosion, you see value growth at say high single digits. So are you seeing more than 5% to 6% 
erosion year-on-year and has it accelerated recently and how is the overall competitive scenario 
in your set of products, is it leading to more erosion as of lately? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
See typical Nitesh we see about 4% to 4.5% of erosion on our pipeline. Now, competition is 
there, but then because we are operating largely in the regulated market space, that competition 
is not an immediate problem it could become a problem a year and a half to two years out. So 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
on the newer products we expect to see some erosion, but not very significant. So it would be in 
this 4.5% kind of range. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Got it, thanks. And secondly, you expect mid-teens kind of volume growth going forward FY’25 
was at 10% so this incremental delta, fair to understand it will mainly be driven by newer product 
sites. What kind of visibility and conviction you have that volume growth can get accelerated 
by this amount? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
I am not sure I got the question on the acceleration, if you don't mind could you please repeat 
the question? 
Nitesh Dutt: 
I am just asking volume growth, our typical volume growth for FY'25 it was 10% you mentioned 
and going ahead, you are guiding for 15% kind of volume growth. So just wanted to understand 
where this delta will be driven from is it mostly from new products, or do you expect your 
existing set of products also to grow faster than the current 10%? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So it's both Nitesh, okay. The new product like I said we have had quite a few launches in this 
last year, but then not all markets opened up last year, so we expect a few more markets to open 
up in FY’26 that will drive volume, plus we have a few more launches also, new launches in 
FY’26 so yes, the incremental volume will come from the newer launches, but our base business 
is also pretty solid, and that continues to have pretty nice volume growth as well. So we are 
pretty confident that we will get to this 15% volume growth. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Got it. Sir, what is the outlook for your CDMO business, and any guidance there as well? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So see CDMO like we have explained in the past also, it's basis three commercial products that 
continue to drive the volume. The fourth product started off with commercial business in Q3 of 
last year. But it's on a slow off take. We expect that to sort of get to full potential by the end of 
this year and so that should kick in pretty nicely the fourth project. And then the fifth project we 
expected regulatory approval in H1 but it's more likely to come in H2. So again it will be kind 
of back loaded this year, the CDMO, but hopefully by the time we close this year we will see a 
pretty good CDMO growth as well. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Got it. So last question on margins, this quarter we are at 31% when we started the year we were 
at 26, 27 because of PLI, one time employee expenses, etc. So going forward again, what kind 
of normalized margins should we expect is 30%, 31% the fair range of margins? 
Tushar Mistry: 
Yes, we are expecting between 28% to 30% kind of margin range going forward. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nitin Agarwal with DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Doctor on the generic API business. Now you talked about the single, late single digit growth 
for F'26, but on a structural basis do you still see a possibility of this business being yearly double 
digit growth on a more three, five year view, or this is the new normal for this business, given 
the way things are? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
There is definitely an upswing. Now, when that will kick in is the $60,000 question. But given 
the fact that see basically a lot of the new products are kicking in now and we saw it in FY’25, 
we will see this in FY’26 as well. So we are pretty confident, what happens is that, our 
expectation on the volumes for new launches is driven by the number of tie ups that we have. 
So that is a sort of surrogate marker for us, but it has done much better this year. And that is also 
reflected on the margin side. So coming back to growth, your question on growth, we would be 
going up from here, but I won't predict, you know Nitin you always say I am conservative but 
rather be that way. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Secondly on this CDMO business, beyond this 4th contract chaining up, if you can give us some 
color on the kind of conversation that you would been having, and is there any change, any 
acceleration in inquiries, RFPs which you witnessed and probably implications of that, if you 
take again a slightly long view beyond 26? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes, that is ongoing, as far as pipeline goes we continue to have quite a few discussions in the 
pipeline. That's going on, the thing is like I have explained before, CDMO is like a step function, 
its not a slope so the moment something qualify, we get qualified in something, then once we 
start validation supplies is when we know it's coming until then it's a zero. But once you make 
validation supplies, then it's a one. So, that's why we are not talking about beyond 5th. But, there 
are quite a few irons in the fire with respect to trying to bring more CDMO projects into the 
pipeline. So probably in late FY’26 or in early FY’27 we will be able to give better color on this. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thanks, qualitatively are you currently, if I just sort of extrapolate our ranges are about Rs.50 to 
Rs.60 crores per contract, is the kind of CDMO what we are working on. But in the future 
negotiation that you are having, is there an upscale on the size or this is pretty much remains the 
sweet spot on the CDMO business? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
No, on average you are right, it will be around Rs.50 to Rs.60 crore. That's where it would be, 
because the space that we are targeting again is on lifecycle management and on the 505 B2. So 
that gives us, that sort of $7, $8 million kind of opportunity. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Harshal Patil with Mirae Asset Capital Market. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshal Patil: 
Sir just have two questions more from an understanding perspective. So sir, just one thing we 
did see in the initial comments that there is some bit of destocking also a part of visibly, few of 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
our clients and then we are talking about 4%, 4.5% of a price erosion. So my question, therefore, 
is to understand that, is there any destocking led postponement or delays that we are kind of 
envisaging more towards the US markets or any other markets in specific? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So see, I particularly refer to some of our US customers and this is on the CDMO side, not 
anything else. So overall, we have got pretty solid demand that continues, there's no kind of top 
of it. But the reason we had a soft CDMO performance for the year was because of this 
phenomenon. And then we are sitting on a pretty small base of only three projects, commercial, 
and the 4th one I said is kicking in, but it's going to sort of get to full potential in about a year's 
time. 
Harshal Patil: 
So going there towards FY’26-27 we see these things kind of improving, like precisely the first 
half of 26 or do you see the phenomena still continuing out there? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Like I said, CDMO it will still be a little back loaded in terms of this year's performance. 
Harshal Patil: 
Okay, got it sir. Sir second thing is, with respect to the tariff things that you just explained. So 
definitely on the US representation thing is quite clear, but sir there were also some news going 
around between some deal getting in between US, China and stuff like that. So do we really see 
any impact, basically on the Indian CDMO players or Indian players into the US markets because 
of that kind of tariff link getting into place. Any qualitative inputs from your side would be 
helpful sir. 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Very difficult to tell here, but at least whatever we are able to tell, even our government is 
working to. So, the thing is that this could sort of cut either way but again, it's pretty standard I 
don't know if someone is going to get hit more than someone else, that's the point. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of VP Rajesh with Banyan Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
VP Rajesh: 
I joined a little bit late, so this may have been already answered, but just was curious what is the 
kind of margin we have from our largest customer given we are increasing the working capital, 
et cetera, are we getting good margins compared to our Company wide margin? 
Tushar Mistry: 
So Rajesh, the margin from our largest customer will be in the same range as our other 
businesses, though it could be slightly less than the overall numbers because it also has a factor 
of product mix, and the largest customer would have more products which are older products 
with lower margin, but also has a good set of new products which has good margin as well. So 
overall, I would say it is not very off from our overall other business margins. 
VP Rajesh: 
I see. So basically, you are saying it is probably more closer to 28% and 30% the breach that 
you provided? 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Tushar Mistry: 
You can assume that. 
VP Rajesh: 
Okay. And in terms of the CAPEX that we talked about, what is the kind of asset turnover we 
are looking for, is it going to be same or better than what we have historically done? 
Tushar Mistry: 
So, see right now we are in an investment phase, as we mentioned there's a good amount of 
capital outlay that we have planned. So in the near term, the asset turns will have an impact. It 
should be lower compared to what we have seen in the past. Also, past was higher because the 
capital investment was not as high and we were really struggling with our capacity. That's the 
reason why asset turns were higher. But from a new capital investment perspective, the asset 
turns initially, there will be a slow tick off, but gradually it should reach within that two times 
range over a period of time. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Alankar Garude with Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir you spoke about the strong representation by the industry groups against tariffs, but say 
assuming tariffs get announced in the backdrop of the generic API industry having seen pricing 
pressure for quite a few years now. Do you think the generic API industry can absorb any further 
price cuts? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
It's very difficult to say, actually see, the push is coming from within the US also pretty strong 
push. And it's a fairly integrated supply chain between the US distributors and the Indian and 
other foreign suppliers into the US. So difficult to tell, see the other thing Alankar is that, there 
will definitely be a difference between API and those front end, I don't think it's going to get a 
similar treatment, because if API gets a similar treatment then there is no difference between a 
US supplier and an Indian supplier, because both will have to sort of pay the tariffs before or 
after. So, I don't know, it’s very difficult to speculate at this point. As far as the pricing 
environment and so on, somewhere in the chain someone have to absorb this, if it's not going to 
be the consumer, I don't know, very difficult to tell at this point. But the good news is that the 
industry associations are making a pretty strong push in the US itself. 
Alankar Garude: 
Have there been any discussions, conversations with clients already on tariffs and impact of 
pricing? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Not us. We have not had anything, neither with our US customers, nor with our global, generic 
players who are largely Indian. 
Alankar Garude: 
Got it. The second question, does the funding environment have any impact at all on the CDMO 
order book for us? 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Yasir Rawjee: 
No, because again, we are largely concentrated in the lifecycle management space which is an 
ongoing business for the big pharma. And they are just moving to a better cost base to basically 
protect themselves against generic entry. That is one element, the other element is a specialty 
element again and here, because these are sure short therapies, it's only a question of enhancing 
the therapeutic benefit in a, 505 B2 kind of scenario. So our CDMO sort of the projects that are 
in the pipeline are not being impacted at all by any kind of funding. 
Alankar Garude: 
Okay, sir just one follow up on that, in terms of the macro there is uncertainty both for the 
innovators as well as, to an extent for the generic companies your clients, is that something 
which can be a risk over the next, say one or two years, as far as our CDMO order book is 
concerned? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
I will very confidently say no. 
Alankar Garude: 
Okay, sir that's reassuring. And one final thing, in the previous call you had spoken about 
working on two differentiated platforms, and you had said that there are plans to add more 
platforms in the coming months. Is it possible to provide any update on this please? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Alankar, we try to speak about it when we get to a sort of mature state, work is on we have got 
some collaborations going. Work is on but, probably around second half or towards the end of 
this year, we would be able to give you some color in terms of what we are looking at. But work 
is on, and it's pretty, it's going well that's all I can say. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Neeraj Shah with Perpetuity. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Shah: 
Actually, I wanted to ask that you are mentioning your generic API business in strategy you 
have mentioned that you would pursue second source opportunities with top generic players. So 
can you please elaborate what is this and what are you, can you explain this part? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Okay, so basically when we enter into a customer's file this happens before they get approval, 
so that's when we are usually the first source, so while the ANDA player is sort of developing 
the dossier and filing, and we partner with them at that stage. Then we are the first source, but 
then when the ANDA player already has approval, but is looking for another API source, that's 
when we go in as a second source or an alternate source. So that's the difference. 
Neeraj Shah: 
Okay, got it sir. And any debt you are planning for FY’26-27? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Could you please repeat that Neeraj? 
Neeraj Shah: 
Are you planning any debt for FY’26-27? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
No, we are not planning any debt. 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ahmed Madha with Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
So, I had a question on the price erosion which you spoke about, is it specific to few specific 
products in just US or is it broad based? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
It's not, price erosion doesn't happen on every product, but typically when there is a bigger 
volume off take especially when launches happen, we do see a bit of price erosion there. On the 
base business, there is a relatively lower price erosion because things have kind of steadied or 
bottomed out, or whatever you want to put however you want to see it. So, if I had to classify it, 
it's more on the newer set of products that see erosion. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And in terms of molecule concentration, product concentration could you spell out the number 
top five, top 10 products? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Top five products would contribute about 35% of our revenue. I am making a educated guess, 
we can come back to you with the exact number, but it would be around 35% top five. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay. And just last is the presentation we disclose quarterly therapy wise revenue contribution. 
And this presentation, we have annual numbers and I am just trying to work out the quarterly 
number for Q4 and what I see is there is slight change in the mix between others and CVS, is it 
fair understanding and would you like any comment on that, just to understand the change in the 
therapy mix? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
See, at the quarterly level, it's quite wavy Ahmed. 
Ahmed Madha: 
That I understand, but still at annual level also there is slight change. So just wanted to 
understand is there any product where there is significant erosion, is there any new addition or 
something like that, if there is anything as such? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So we have a pretty good traction on a urology segment. That's doing pretty well and that's 
picking up pretty nicely the urology segment. There are a few molecules here and there on 
pulmonary fibrosis and stuff that are also doing pretty well. But, overall it's difficult to sort of, 
at the quarter to it's wavy, that's all I can say. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nitesh Dutt with Burman Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
I have a follow up question on CDMO, sir you used to guide last year that in four years or so 
you target to make the CDMO business 4x of FY’24 size. So, do you think we are still on track 
for Rs.500, Rs.600 crore kind of number by FY’28 or so? 

 
Alivus Life Sciences Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Yasir Rawjee: 
FY’28 might be a bit challenging to get there, but see the traction is pretty good on these and I 
answered to an earlier question, that how CDMO is picking up. We have a number of projects 
in the pipeline and like I said, we are in the range of around $7 to $8 million on average. But 
they can be even higher. Some of them are even higher, but it's a matter of us locking in another 
five, six projects, and we should be there. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sanjay Tapte an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjay Tapte: 
I have three questions. First is, what is our exposure to the US market. Secondly, around one or 
two years back, we had entered into some CDMO MOU with an innovator from Japan. So what 
is the status of that. And thirdly, all our three expansions at Solapur, Dahej and Ankleshwar they 
are expected to go on stream in what period in Q2 or Q3, Q4. That's all. 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Okay. So, in terms of exposure to US, I don't know how to, the thing is we have got a pretty 
good business in the US, it's about 25%, 30% of our overall business. So, when you say exposure, 
it gives it a different connotation, but I just take it as positive, we have a 25% to 30%. No, it's a 
pretty stable, solid business. As far as the CDMO with the Japanese client, this is our 5th project, 
which is under regulatory approvals and like I said, we expect that they will get regulatory 
approval to use us as an API source in the second half of FY’26, that's the 5th project that I was 
talking about earlier. As far as the expansion in brownfield goes that we will see coming online 
by early second half of this year. So around November, December timeframe, we should see that 
kicking in both in the Dahej as well as in Ankleshwar. And on Solapur, it would be more like 
Q4 phase one Solapur with 300 KL would come in Q4. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. On behalf of Alivus Life Sciences Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
