 
CIN: L99999GJ1987PLC009768 
Regd. Office: 9-10, GIDC Industrial Estate, Waghodia, Dist.: Vadodara, 391760 
Ph.:75 748 06350 | E-Mail: co_secretary@20microns.com| Website: www.20microns.com 
Page 1 of 1 
 
 
May 29, 2025 
 
To, 
The Secretary, 
BSE Ltd. 
25th Floor, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code - 533022 
To, 
Asst. Vice President, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol - 20MICRONS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call for the Quarter and Financial Year Ended 
March 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and further to our earlier intimation dated May 
21, 2025, regarding the Investors’ Earnings Call, we hereby inform you that the transcript 
of the earnings call held on Tuesday, May 27, 2025, in connection with the Audited 
Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2025, is enclosed herewith as Annexure-A. 
 
You may click here to view the Transcript, which is also accessible under the Investors 
section of our website at www.20microns.com. 
 
This is for your information and further dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For 20 Microns Limited 
 
 
 
 
Komal Pandey 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS 37092 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
KOMAL 
PANDEY
Digitally signed 
by KOMAL 
PANDEY 
Date: 2025.05.29 
17:49:55 +05'30'

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
Annexure-A 
20 Microns Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
Event Date /Time – 27/05/2025, 4:00 PM 
Event Duration:   39:18 mins 
 
 
Management Representation by: 
1) 
Atil Parikh – CEO & Managing Director 
2) 
Nihad Baluch – Group CFO  
3) 
Pranit Shah – Finance Controller 
 
 
Q & A Participants 
1) Arjun Shah – Anar Investments LLP  
2) Divya Daga – Vijit Global Securities 
3) Adarsh Jain – Individual Investor 
4) Parth Sarsavadiya – Sarsavadiya Security 
5) Dhiraj Kaswan – RRR Investments  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the Q4 FY25 Earnings Call of 
20 Microns Limited. My name is Muthukumar, and I represent Wisdom IR. We are 
privileged to have with us today key members of the Company's management team, 
Mr. Atil Parekh-CEO and MD, Mr. Nihad Baluch, Group CFO and Mr. Pranit Shah, 
Finance Controller.  
 
Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call is being recorded.  
The audio-visual recording of this session will soon be made available on the 
company's official website. Additionally, a detailed transcript of the call will also be 
published on the website shortly after the call concludes. For this webinar, all 
participants will remain in listen only mode throughout the presentation. Following the 
management's remarks, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions during 
the Q&A session. To set the stage, allow me to provide an important cautionary note 
regarding our discussion today. Some of the matters covered in this call may include 
forward looking statements concerning the company's market opportunities and 
business prospects. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could 
cause caution actual outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or 
implied. Please note that the company is not liable for any actions taken based on 
such statements. With that, I would like to hand over the proceedings to Mr. Nihad 
Baluch, Group CFO of 20 Microns Limited. Over to you, Mr. Baluch.  
  
Nihad:  
Thank you, Mr. Muthu. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for being here.  
I am Nihad Baluch Group CFO of 20 microns Limited and I am excited to present our 
deliverables on our strategic objective of financial year 24-25. I trust you have 
downloaded the presentation from the link. We have achieved a significant milestone 
in our companies growth trajectory, recording annual revenue of 9127 millions in the 
previous year 24-25.  
This achievement reflects the successful execution of our strategic initiatives, including 
onboarding of the new clients, expansion of our product portfolio and strengthening 
our distribution network.  
 
Let me share you a glimpse of our today's presentation, which comprises consolidated 
financial results of quarter 4, business update companies background and the financial 
trend. Trust me, these are not merely just numbers. This numbers reflect a year of 
dedication, trust and teamwork of our employees, customers, vendors and the 
stakeholders at large. Together we have built a strong and more financially sound 

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
business in this years. Let me share you a quick indices of our quarter for the financial 
results FY 25. Revenue growth in quarter 4 of FY 25 has advanced by 6% over quarter 
3 of FY 25 and quarter 4 of 24. If we speak about the annual revenue growth, it is 
17.4% which showcase our steered growth range. Our EBITDA margins of quarter 4 
for financial year 25 is improvised by 12.7%, then 12.2% of quarter 3 for the financial 
25 and respectively 12.5% of quarter 4 of 24. The bottom line augmented to 6.7% in 
quarter 4 of 25, against 6% of quarter 3 for the financial 25 and eventually 6.4% of 
quarter 4 of financial 24. Here is the summary which you can go for the indices in 
detail. Let me take you through the contribution of the company along these years. A 
brief about our company, what we do.  
 
We are a vintage company for almost 38 years been in this industry. Our diversified 
product portfolio comprises of wide range of non-metallic industrial minerals such as 
Calcium carbonate, Talc, Kaolin, Mica, Quartz, Dolomite, Natural red oxide along with 
other specialty chemicals and functionalities which are including mineral based 
fertilizer 
and 
construction 
chemicals 
and 
many 
more.  
We have a robust infrastructure and a state of art of manufacturing facilities and 
warehouses across India which are located majorly in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu 
and Andhra Pradesh. We also have a captive mine in India with the reserves of around 
170 million tons. We are spread across 65 countries and more than 200 clients from 
wide range of sectors. I will just brief you about my business segmentation and 
performance.  
My paint sector has always been prevalent contributor with 48% of revenue share 
followed by polymers which have accounted for by 25% of the revenue and which has 
been followed by rubber, paper, ceramics and other applications ranging from 5% to 
9%.  
Meanwhile, my exports contributed 13% to the total revenue, which is again towards 
my expectation that remained to 13 to 15% in range. Our financial strategy is very 
simple and clear. You may refer our previous trends. We look for a profitable 
growth. We are focused on expanding our market presence while ensuring every 
revenue contributes to our bottom line. Therefore, calculated decisions are takeaway 
of our revenue growth by 17%. Despite challenges from market and geopolitical 
scenario, enhancing our operational excellence is always our core objective. Amid high 
pressure from the raw material imports, freight cost and forex volatility, we continue 
to maintain our EBITDA margins to 12.8% in FY 24-25 without compromising our 
quality & innovation. This has also enabled us to broadly stabilize our performance 
ratios.  
  
We believe in capital allocation. We allocate capital strategy strategically, priortizing 
reinvestment in high return opportunities first, while maintaining a strong balance 

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
sheet and considering shareholder returns. The approach enabled us our successful 
Malaysian acquisition and also sustained to declare dividends at 25%. In financial year 
25, Despite external headwinds, we delivered consistent margins, executed a key 
international acquisition and upheld stakeholders return. I would like to thank you 
once again for your continued trust and partnership and further I would like to call Atil 
Sir to join me and give a brief about the entire financial year and Atil Sir.  
  
Atil:  
Yeah. Hi, everybody.  Thank you Nihad for taking us through the investor 
presentation, which is now available online that you can download, which is there 
since yesterday And now we can open the question and answer session through the 
moderator, please.  
  
Moderator:  
OK, OK . Yeah, thank you, Sir. So we will now begin the question and answer 
session. For participant who wish to ask the question directly, please use the raise 
hand functionality. Once unmuted. Kindly introduce yourself before proceeding with 
your question. We request that you limit your interaction to 2 questions at a time, 
after which you may rejoin the queue to allow others an opportunity to 
participate. Alternatively, you are welcome to post your questions directly in the chat 
box as well. As a quick reminder, please use the raise hand feature if you would like 
to ask a question directly to Mr. Atil or the management team. So Atil as there is one 
question that has come in the chat box which I will just read it out to you. This comes 
from Mr. Arjun - the subsidiary we are acquiring, how much do we already own and 
what are we paying to acquire the reminder. I repeat the question, the subsidiary we 
are acquiring, how much do we already own and what are we paying to acquire?  from 
Mr. Arjun.  
  
Atil:  
So currently the step down subsidiary that you might be referring to which is step 
down subsidiary of 20 microns and the subsidiary of 20 Microns Malaysia which we 
recently acquired GTLQ and IQ (marbles). So in IQ (marbles) we have 86.68% 
ownership of the company and in GTLQ we have about 90% ownership of the 
company and 10% is with the minor stakeholders. And the process is ongoing to get 
the remaining shares through discussion with the strategy that we want to implement 
in the Malaysian subsidiary.  
  
Moderator: 
OK, OK.  

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
I am also unmuting Arjun I think for a follow up question.  
Arjun:  
Am I audible?  
  
Moderator:  
Yes. Arjun, you can ask the question.  
  
Arjun: 
Yeah. Can you hear me?  
  
Atil: 
Yes, yes, OK.  
  
Arjun: 
Yeah. So one more question. I just wanted to understand some of our competitive 
advantages against some of our competitors and who might our competitors be 
because the products that we do, we're basically adding, adding value to commodity 
products, right.   So just to understand, but our margins have been very consistent, 
which is great. So I just wanted to understand a little bit more about the business in 
general, if you could help me out.   
  
Atil: 
Yeah.So if we look at the competitive scenario and if you're looking at the competition 
from a listed space, we do not have many or any listed players listed on the Indian 
Stock Exchange. Now when we look at the global scenario, we do have competition 
coming in from the world's largest industrial mineral manufacturers who are very big 
on scale compared to 20 microns and we see them as competitors on a global 
platform. But when it comes to India, we have a lot of regional competitors and each 
mineral that we discuss about it will have different competition in the landscape. So it 
will not be a similar competitor which will be across different minerals that 20 microns 
is into. So that is how it is kind of different from what you would look at. And I would 
not like to name anyone as of now because they are not in the listed space and they 
are privately owned family entities. But we could always, you can always write back 
to us and we can, you know, mention it to you or we could discuss it on one on one 
if required in the future.  
  

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
Arjun: 
Sure, that helps a lot. Also, the subsidiary question that I had written in the chat 
box. So, so do we have an amount that we have spent to acquire the remainder or 
no,  
 
Atil:  
It will be the similar amount which we have already paid at the similar share value, 
which is, which is there, you know, currently that we've already paid to them and 
which is under discussion. So we will be doing it in the same fashion.  
 
Arjun: 
All right. but you haven't disclosed any of that.  
 
Atil: 
Yeah, we will disclose it sooner when the amount gets finalized.  
  
Arjun: 
All right, All right.  
Atil: 
But it would not exceed a significant value than what we currently have negotiated 
with.  
 
Arjun: 
Done, done.  All right. Thank you.  
 
Atil: 
Thank you.  
  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Arjun. So the next question is from Divya. She has also put up a few couple 
of questions on the chat box. I will read out few of the questions.  
Atil: 
I think if you can probably unmute or would be more easy to you know, yes, yes, just 
check.  

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
  
Moderator:  
Divya on the line? Would you would you like to ask the questions over the audio 
itself?   
Divya, Miss Divya.  Divya, we have unmuted you so you can ask the question. So I 
think I will just read out the question. She probably doesn't want to be part of the 
audio. So first question is what can be the revenue that we are expecting from value 
added niche segment for the next 2 to 3 years.  
  
Atil: 
So typically 18 to 20% growth rate is what we usually go with looking at the current 
market trends even in the value added segments and the approvals of the products, 
which take quite longer in the value added segment compared to the traditional 
segments that we usually are in.  So that's what we look at in the next 2 to 3 years 
that you can estimate it to be.  
Moderator:                                                                                                                          
OK. And this follow up, one other question is, as our borrowings has increased from 
121 crores to 165 crores in FY 25 and our CapEx is based on internal accrual, what is 
the utilization of additional borrowing?  
Atil: 
I think Mr. Nihad, would you like to answer that question?  
Nihad: 
Yes, broadly it is the working capital for which we have used and it has increased. 
Moderator:                                                                                                                          
OK.  
Atil: 
So basically it's not the any long term or those kind of borrowings that have increased 
the overall scenario. It's basically the working capital because of the additional 
inventory that we are trying to build in the organization. So that is the reason that the 
working capital additional is required to be a part of that operation.  
Moderator: 
OK, one more question from Adarsh has come. So his question is that can you please 
share any guidance for FY 25-26 for top line and the bottom line? 
Atil:                                                                                                                                     
As you might have seen or heard some of my earlier statements in the last few years 
is that we traditionally you know, look at a 15 to 18% growth year on year and this is 
something that we are also looking at in this financial year because the trends are 
quite vague. We still do not have much confidence on how the different markets that 

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
we serve are going to shape up considering the economic situations, considering the 
global situations which are creating an impact on the supply chains so and the paint 
sector which is also undergoing a lot of stress along with the other industries. So 
keeping a 15 to 18% target of growth is something that we are really looking at and 
hopefully we should be on track with that considering the external conditions also.  
  
Moderator: 
So other follow up question is that what margin expansion we can expect after we 
start extracting from the Malaysian mine.  
Atil: 
It is too early to say right now because we have not yet started the mining operations.  
We would start it somewhere in the next 2 months where we would actually get to 
understand what kind of ore would be useful for us in different parts of the process 
and the supply chain what we what would be a part of it. So it will be too early to 
comment on it as to how much we are going to be adding in terms of the margin 
space. But yes, we would be gaining more in terms of the dependency that we earlier 
had on external, you know suppliers. That dependency is now gone and we will be 
mining as per our own requirements for the production processes that we have across 
India and abroad. And so based on that, we will be kind of working around selecting 
the right kind of ore for our own processes and Selling the non required ore to external 
industries which need that kind of a material. So I think it will be too early to comment 
on the margin space right now.  
  
Moderator:                                                                                                                          
OK. For participants who wish to ask a question directly, please use the raise hand 
functionality. 
So you can use that and ask the questions directly. So once unmuted, you can 
introduce yourself and ask the question or you can also alternatively put your 
questions directly in the chat box. So the next question is from Parth. His question is 
that what is different between Malaysian and Vietnam calcium carbonate? 
  
Atil: 
There is a lot of difference in terms of the purity. There is a lot of difference in terms 
of the brightness. There is a difference in terms of, you know the end use where only 
some industries can use a Malaysian calcium carbonate due to the typical properties 
it carries versus a Vietnamese calcium carbonate versus Indian calcium carbonate 
versus an Egyptian calcium carbonate. So there are various properties which people 
look at, the industries look at and we have to solve those industries through that 
particular ore itself.  

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
  
Moderator: 
OK. And the second I think related is that how the how big the paint segment can be 
and its growth in the context of the how the industry is seeing a transformation. So if 
you could give a perspective on that?  
  
Atil: 
So it is I would say there is a lot of you know, I would say a lot of activities happening 
in the paint industry for sure. You might be hearing it from the media and from various 
different sources, which are, you know, confirming a lot of news and, you know, 
bringing it out to the people. But it is too early right now for to comment on certain 
big players which have already entered into the industry last year and to see where 
they, you know, move up to and, you know, kind of shake up the industry because 
there is a lot of room for everyone to come in now. Who is going to eat up, Eat up 
whose revenue and you know market share is something which is yet to be seen, but 
20 microns if you look at it from a suppliers perspective to the paint industry, we are 
very well ready with serving the industry.  
However, it shapes up in terms of the growth, we definitely anticipate a lot of growth 
only post, you know, once all this conditioning is complete within the industry. So post 
that we will able to gauge how the industry is going to move ahead. But yes, if we 
compare ourselves to the world, we are yet at a very low per capita consumption of 
paint compared to the Western world. So we do see a lot of urbanization, a lot of 
consumption, a lot of repainting which would happen which would kind of increase 
the demand of paints in the coming years.  
  
Moderator:  
Mahek has a couple of questions. I am just unmuting her. So Mehak you can ask your 
questions. I am just I'm muting you.  
  
Mahek: 
Yeah, this is Dhiraj. And my question is that I congratulations on the results first of all 
and I had come across that you are opening a new plant of for the Dorfner JV of the 
quartz products that you are manufacturing. So, what is, what is the kind of capacity 
that we will be building in that plant and what kind of revenues are we expecting in 
the future?  
  
Atil: 
No, we have not yet. Thank you for the wishes. We have not yet announced any of 

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
that JV for the new plant with Dorfner. We have recently started the operations of a 
new JV with Sievert. So we have 2 different JVs. So with Dorfner, we are, it is, it is a 
marketing JV which is about a 3-and-a-half-year-old joint venture which is purely 
based on no production and only marketing-based products sales. Whereas the Sievert 
JV which we recently just inaugurated last month, sorry this month and that probably 
is regarding the construction chemicals business which we are going to be looking into 
where we are starting with tile adhesives. It's just the first phase that we have started 
with and then we will be going in with liquid construction chemicals in the second 
phase for the same. Yeah.  
  
Mahek:  
And I had another question like and you have also you had also committed some 
CapEx for the 20 microns nano subsidiary. So like what are what is the kind of capacity 
expansion that you have done for that plant?  
 
Atil:                                                                                                                                     
So we will be investing about 15 to 18 crores of CapEx in 20 microns Nano Minerals 
Limited where we are putting up a calcination facility for the rubber industry. And we 
will also be catering to some specialized paint grades for the clay, you know the 
specialized grades of Kaolins that we will be doing in the Nano with a different kind of 
a technology that we will be using there. So that is the kind of CapEx we have incurred 
in in 20 microns Nano as of now.  
  
Mahek:                                                                                                                                
And So what were the revenue numbers of 20 Microns Nano minerals for last year and 
this year?  
  
Atil: 
So 24-25 we closed Nano at 104 crores.  
  
Mahek:                                                                                                                                
And So what were the revenues last year or the full year  
 
Atil:                                                                                                                                      
Last year as in 23-24 we were at I think 88 crores. 

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
  
Mahek: 
OK, thank you, Sir. I'll get back .  
  
Moderator:  
So there was a follow up question from Divya, 2 questions. So I am putting the first 
one. Inventory this year has jumped more than 40%. Any particular reason for that?  
  
Atil: 
Yes, so there are many reasons for the same. The supply chain related situation is 
kind of, you know playing a very important role in the raw materials for 20 microns 
and 20 microns Nano Minerals Limited. So we are quite dependent on imported raw 
materials which account for 36 to 37% of our total raw material usage.  
And when you are dependent on imports, you have to build up on inventory because 
there is you know dependency on the freight factor, there is dependency on the 
availability of the vessels. We have moved towards bulk shipments to retain the freight 
cost or to lower the freight cost to an extent. So we need to build up the inventory in 
India because just in time does not work for these kind of minerals and due to that 
and when you look at the jump in the turnover that kind of an inventory buildup was 
required and so that was one of the reasons that you know you see a you jump in the 
inventory. 
 
Moderator:                                                                                                                          
OK. And also what is your ideal product mix from plastic and rubber segment in the 
coming years is also question from divya.   
 
Atil:                                                                                                                                     
So traditionally when you look at the regular minerals, calcium carbonate and talc 
whole the maximum you know product portfolio for regular 20 Micron products but 
when you look at 20 microns Nano, we have, you know, a range of different waxes. 
We have activators, we have delaminated Kaolins for the rubber industry then we 
have zinc oxide partial replacement products. We have micronized waxes, then we 
have processing aids and then we have desiccants, you know, calcium oxide 
desiccants. We have flame retardants like we have aluminum trihydrate and we have 
magnesium hydroxide. So there are quite a lot of products that we do for the plastics 
and rubber industry. And we see a lot of opportunity in the coming years for these 2 
industries in terms of the value added minerals. And that is the reason that our focus 

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
has been primarily on these right now and developing more products for these 2 
industries.  
  
Moderator: 
OK. So next question is follow up from Arjun. Arjun, would you like to unmute yourself 
and ask your question or should I? Arjun, I have unmuted you. Can you just ask the 
question? OK. I will just ask the question. So what according to the management are 
our competitive advantages over our competitors and how sticky are our clients when 
it comes to picking a supplier? To mention global organized competitors are there, but 
most of our business happens in India. So do we see a lot of sticky customers or is 
the churn high. 
 
Atil:                                                                                                                                     
I am sorry, you need to repeat the question. 
 
Moderator:                                                                                                                          
I will repeat the question.  
  
Atil: 
Yes, OK.  
  
Moderator: 
Yeah. What according to the management are our competitive advantages over our 
competitors and how sticky are our clients when it comes to picking a supplier? You 
mentioned global organized competitors are there, but most of our business happens 
in India. So do we see a lot of sticky customers or is the churning going to be high. 
 
Atil:                                                                                                                                     
See every product that 20 microns does, as I mentioned to you, we have a very 
different competitive scenario. So when it comes to stickiness of the customers, the 
customers have different policies when they you know, look at suppliers. So 
sometimes if we have a whole huge basket of different products that we offer to our 
customers, they would like to work with 20 microns and that is one of our competitive 
advantage.  
Competitive advantage is the basket of products that we carry all the way from 20 
microns to 20 microns nano minerals. We have a variety of products that we offer to 

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
the same industry. So that gives them you know a very heavy lineage of working with 
us.  
 Secondly, all our customers know 20 microns as a very innovative company, highly 
focused on research and development. And many of them have already visited us And 
they know the strength that we carry in terms of the R&D facilities that we have and 
the product application centers that we have at our Vadodara location and the quality 
of people that we have recruited to innovate these kind of products for the 
industries. So they know that strength very much and they work very closely with us 
in terms of product development and in terms of any import substitute that they would 
be probably buying and they want to, replace it with a Indian made product then they 
definitely feel 20 microns could assist them with and so that is one of the areas where 
we also hold a lot of strength and competitive advantage and also we are very well 
located in terms of infrastructure. So you know we have 9 manufacturing locations, 
We have 15 warehouses and distribution sites across the country in India and we also 
have international subsidiaries from where we cater to some of the Indian clients 
also. So keeping all these infrastructure related geographies into mind and the 
workforce that we carry at all these locations which are very close to the customer 
locations when it comes to service.  
So all these play a very, very important role in terms of competitive advantage and 
where we have an edge over our competition when it comes to, you know, non 
carbonate products, because in carbonate, definitely we see a lot of, you know, 
competition from the international and the domestic competitors. But it's a volume 
game and it's a huge, you know, there's room for everybody.  
 So whenever we have, you know, the basket to offer calcium carbonate is always a 
part of it. So, that's how we are kind of very well placed in the marketplace.  
  
Moderator:                                                                                                                          
Next question is from Adarsh. Adarsh have unmuted you, if you can ask the question?  
  
Adarsh:  
Yeah, sure. Am I audible?  
  
Moderator: 
Yes.  
  
Adarsh:  
So my question is related to the recent recognition which we have got. I think we have 

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
got some certificate from DSIR that is Government of India institution. So what are 
the material or monetary benefits we expect from this recognition.  
  
Atil:  
So apart from the credibility part, which we already had the ISO certification earlier 
and we have renewed this, we also import a lot of, you know, instruments, a very, 
very, expensive instruments considering the R&D facilities that we have as I 
mentioned to you earlier right now. So it definitely adds some benefits to getting 
discounts or rebates from the government when it comes to buying these kind of 
machineries.  
 Secondly, the credibility part is there where you know, we can our customers consider 
us more considering the, you know, the product application centers that I discussed 
about in the R&D facilities that we have.  
It holds a significant value when it gets recognized by the government because the 
government has approved these labs based on what we do and when it gets endorsed 
by them, I think it adds more value to what we do as a company in terms of the 
innovation and in terms of the products that we manufacture. So that is one of the 
areas why we have gone into this recognition.  
  
Adarsh: 
OK, thank you.  
  
Moderator: 
OK, the last question on the chat box we have received is from Mahek. The question 
is if we have so much cash with us, then why are we borrowing? So if you could give 
a perspective on that. 
 
Atil:                                                                                                                                     
Nihad or Pranit, you may choose to answer this.  
  
Moderator: 
If we have so much cash with us, then why are we borrowing? question from Mahek 
  
Atil: 
Yeah, that's what I'm asking Mr. Nihad to.  

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
  
Nihad: 
Ideally, if we see our cash flows, it doesn't mean that we have our cash and we spend 
it overall in a CapEx and everything. So if you go through our budgets, you will see 
that there is 979 lakh which is the cash accruals (Net proceeds of long term borrowing) 
from my consolidated balance sheets. 
 But again, you know if you have to strengthen your revenues, if you know the 
futuristic demand and to cultivate it, it's obviously that you need certain cash in hand 
amounting to which certain borrowings are also required. So that is the reason you 
know we have and again we are very much vigilant in our investment and you know 
borrowing strategy.  
So we are very much calculated and we have done a calculus step towards the 
following coming years of my CapEx as well as my working capital.  
 
Atil:                                                                                                                                     
So we would like to keep the reserves for the CapEx rather than you know spend it 
on the working capital. And because that's something that's going to more add more 
value to the overall product, you know value chain compared to you know the 
borrowings that we do for the working capital. So I think this year onwards, we will 
be investing quite a lot in the CapEx to generate better capacities and acquisition of 
you know more mines. So that is going to add more to the value chain overall in in 20 
Microns.  
  
Moderator:                                                                                                                          
So there are no more questions. So if participant would like to ask further questions, 
they could raise their hand or put the questions in the chat box for management to 
answer. We'll wait for another 2 minutes.  
We would like to reiterate that the today's call was recorded. The audio-visual 
recording of this session will be made available on the website soon. Also, we will be 
uploading the transcript of the call on the website shortly. If you have any questions, 
please put up the questions on the chat box or raise your hand.  
So we don't have questions.                                                                                                    
Thank you so much everyone for enjoying this session. It was a pleasure hosting the 
event and if you would like to access the recording, please wait for a day. It will be 
uploaded on the website.  
Thank you management.  

 
 
May 27, 2025 
16:00 (IST) 
 
 
Thank you everyone for joining this call.  
  
Atil: 
Thank you everyone.  
 
