Ref: BLACKBUCK/CORP/2025-26/35 
May 30, 2025 
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
To  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
 Scrip Code: 544288, Scrip Symbol: BLACKBUCK, Series – EQ 
ISIN-  INE0UIZ01018 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors conducted on May 
27, 2025. 
Ref: Disclosure under Part A of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Pursuant to Part A of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby provide the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and 
Investors conducted on Tuesday, May 27, 2025 during 05:00 PM (IST) to 6:07 PM (IST). 
Enclosed is the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call, which is also hosted on the website of the 
company. The link to access the transcript is provided below: 
https://www.blackbuck.com/investor-relations.html 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking you 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
_____________________ 
Barun Pandey 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A39508 
BARUN 
PANDEY
Digitally signed by BARUN PANDEY 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=366cf75fcfdbb05a890bf04c68aedc
7a3dc98b400ce152509b070cc65b219055, 
postalCode=560034, st=Karnataka, 
serialNumber=4e4c20633efe9d7c88bd469b
8adb2d55ffdf6d0c97f3d109771261d04ac2a
cce, cn=BARUN PANDEY 
Date: 2025.05.31 17:38:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
Earnings Conference Call” 
May 27, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. RAJESH KUMAR NAIDU YABAJI – CHAIRMAN, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – ZINKA LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS 
LIMITED 
MR. SATYAKAM NAIK – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ZINKA LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANKUR PANT -- IIFL CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
Please note that a copy of the disclosure is available on the Investor Relations section of the 
website as well as on the stock exchanges. Anything said on this call which reflects the outlook 
towards the future or which could be construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed 
in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. Please note that the audio of the earnings 
call is a corporate material of Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited and cannot be copied, re-
broadcasted or attributed in the PR media without specific and written consent of the company.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Pant from IIFL Capital. Thank you and over to 
you Mr. Pant. 
Ankur Pant: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. On behalf of IIFL Capital, I welcome you all to the Q4 FY25 
Earnings Call of Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited. To give you an in-depth understanding of 
the and answer all your queries, we have from the management team Mr. Rajesh Kumar Naidu 
Yabaji, CMD and CEO and Mr. Satyakam Naik, CFO.  
With this, I would hand over the call to Mr. Rajesh. Thank you. Over to you Rajesh. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Thank you so much Ankur. Good evening everyone. Welcome to our third earnings call and also 
the summary of the last whole financial year. Am I audible? Can the IIFL team confirm please? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir, you are audible. Loud and clear. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
First, giving a snippet of the whole financial year which went by. This is the third earnings call. 
This is Q4, ‘25 is what we will be presenting and a full year FY25 numbers. We did gross 
revenues of totally INR462 crores last financial year, which is a growth of roughly about 46% 
on a year-on-year basis. Continuing to operate in the dimension of platform-led revenues, 
software-led revenues which have high contribution margin profile. 
 
Our contribution margin profile continues to be steady in the range of 93%-94%. We made 
INR429 crores in contribution margin in the last financial year, which is a 49% growth on a 
year-on-year basis, which led to delivering an adjusted EBITDA of close to about INR139 crores 
in the last financial year. Adjusted EBITDA does not include basically the ESOP costs. 
 
Everything essentially gets factored and that is roughly close to about 10 times growth over the 
last financial year. Last financial year when we went public and filed the DRHP, that number 
was close to INR13 crores-INR13.5 crores and that number today is roughly closer to INR139 
crores. These are revenue numbers which in our business model typically lags the platform 
activity. 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
 
As you can see, we have close to, in the last full financial year, close to about 7.2 lakh transacting 
customers, which is roughly 20% of India is what transacts with us on a yearly basis, which grew 
at roughly about 21% on a year-on-year basis. Users continue to deepen and users continue to 
use more services. Close to 3.5 lakh users are using more than equal to two services, which 
shows the love for services, deeper penetration and cross-sell, up-sell which is happening, which 
is roughly a growth of roughly about 32% year-on-year on a customer basis.  
Payment, which is one of our leading verticals of revenues and a large part of that comes from 
tolling continues to grow at a very healthy pace, which has grown at about 34% year-on-year 
and we have done close to INR23,000 crores of payments in the last financial year.  
Committing into our strategy, which I think has been consistent over the last four years of 
execution, we as a company continue to grow profitably. At the same time, not at all 
compromising on aggressively investing into problem solving for our customers, which will 
unlock new growth opportunities as we keep moving along. 
 
Taking a step back and reflecting on what really the company is trying to do, as all of you know, 
we are executing in a space of trucking in the country. Trucking is the majority mode of 
execution of goods transportation. It's close to about a $180 billion freight industry, which is 
growing at about 8%-9% CAGR over the past five years. 
 
Largely operated by small and medium scale truck operators, 75% of these trucks are owned by 
people who own less than five trucks. And the universe of India is roughly 12.5 million trucks 
owned by 3.5 million truck operators. Each and every area in the journey of a truck operator 
when he enters the business, right from buying a truck, to financing it, to getting loads, to 
payments, to compliance, and to maintenance. 
 
The industry is basically layered by intermediaries. Industry is largely inefficient and has a huge 
room for improvement, both from a predictability of customer experience perspective, cost 
perspective, expansion of business perspective. We believe that the macro problem of inefficient 
logistics costs and a deep bottleneck logistics ecosystem for the country, where Indian logistics 
costs are 14%-16% points, most of them are basically anchored in the microeconomic problem 
of how a truck operator operates in this industry. 
 
So, BlackBuck started off as a company to really look at how can we build a new avatar of 
trucking in the country, really unlocking that, disrupting this industry. That particular vision, we 
believe can be realized by really unlocking and really making truck operators' lives seamless. 
And that's the mid-term vision, probably a 4-5 year vision, which we'll be essentially executing, 
which will pay way for us to play a much larger role at transforming trucking for the country. 
 
Moving forward, that broader view into what is the crux of the strategy, which is delivering 
revenues, delivering profitability, building BlackBuck from strength to strength. We spoke about 
this in the last two earnings calls also and we'll keep iterating this. There are three key, sort of 
dimensions in which most of the people in the company work in. 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
The first key dimension is essentially offerings. Offerings is nothing but problem solving, 
solving for every pain point of a truck operator. Every pain point probably may not be 
commercially viable today but then gets viable in a few years or a few quarters. For example, 
fuel sensor was one of the products which we probably first introduced or first fuel sensor we 
installed in the country, in our company, was in the year 2018. 
But the whole economics in terms of the cost of a fuel sensor, in terms of what money a truck 
operator was willing to pay at that point in time, did not make that business viable. But we 
continue to iterate on that particular business model and that business model became viable over 
the last two quarters and we are scaling really well in that business model. 
 
So that's the role of offerings dimension, where the goal of those teams is to basically take a 
problem of a customer and try to keep solving for it, try to create customer value, try to create a 
commercially viable proposition. And today, obviously, all these offerings are live. We do 
tolling, we do vehicle tracking, we do fuel payments, we do vehicle finance, we enable truckers 
to fill their return hauls and get them more efficient. 
 
We have a fuel sensor platform, we've got FleetDock. Like this, there are multiple other features 
under development, which we keep working on and launching. All these offerings sit on our 
platform. Our platform is nothing but the customer app on the front-end side and a huge number 
of APIs and services which we've built inside the BlackBuck platform. This platform is basically 
probably the storehouse of most of the value, what the company today stands for, which is 
basically having 7.7 lakh transacting customers in the last quarter.  
The earlier number of 7.2 I presented, that was the annual monthly transacting average. This 
number is only the last quarter's average. That is 7.7 lakh customers, which is growing at close 
to 20% on a year-on-year basis. And we are the top-of-the-mind recall when you say digital 
truck operators. The usage keeps deepening. So the usage is 44 minutes daily app usage by the 
truck operators. So that's the platform which continues to scale, continues to deepen. 
 
And what is really important about this platform is that the launch of a newer offering essentially 
gets penetrated across any trucker across the country in a very low-cost way. And that's how 
new verticals keep getting launched. Powering this platform is the most important vector for us, 
is the distribution workforce all across the country. 
 
Truckers have a persona which are largely middle-aged, 35 to 50 years old, largely uneducated. 
So how do we really reach to them and service them? That's the story about distribution. So, we 
have a 10,000 people touchpoint network all across the country. We have presence in 85% of 
the districts today, and that's a very wide reach. Within this touchpoint network, there are 
technicians, there are channel partners, there are our own workforce, there are agents standing 
at toll plazas. There are a varied degree of people who typically sell to a customer or service the 
customer. 
 
So, this is our revenue delivery engine. We create offerings, offerings are launched on our 
platform, platform continues to get stronger. Newer offerings launching become easier. And 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
aided by a very seamless, efficient, low-cost distribution, the widest distribution network 
coverage to all truck operators, which is one of the biggest modes for us in this business.  
Now, moving into giving an update on what happened last quarter and what happened in the 
whole financial year. These are the key KPIs which we talked about in the previous earnings 
call as well. Starting with the first one, which is the platform metric in terms of what is the 
monthly transacting truck operators on the platform? As I mentioned, that's close to 7.7 lakhs, 
which was 6.5 lakhs last year, which is growth of about close to 18% on a year-on-year basis, 
which on the financial year basis has grown from close to 6 lakhs to 7.22 lakhs, which is roughly 
21% growth.  
Wherever there is a FY narration, I will narrate it separately. If not, I will continue on the quarter-
on-quarter basis. Then, similar to that, the monthly transacting users using at least two services 
grew about close to 27% on a year-on-year basis. Time spent on the app grew by close to about 
9%, which stands to get close to about 44 minutes is what an average customer is spending time 
on the platform.  
GTV on payments, last year, same quarter, we did close to INR5,000 crores, which grew to 
about close to INR6,600 crores this quarter, which is a growth of about 33%. And on the whole 
financial year, grew from 17,300 to 23,000, which is a growth of 35%. Synonymous to that, the 
payment transactions will flow with a synonymous thought process.  
Coming to gross revenues, in this quarter, we did close to INR137 crores of gross revenues, 
which is a growth of about 38% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. In the full financial year, as I 
presented before, it is INR462 crores on a financial year ‘25, which is growth of about 46% in 
the last financial year. 
 
Revenue from continuing operations did a growth of about 31%, and on an overall financial 
year, was roughly about 44%. Revenue from growth businesses, which removes the core 
verticals of tolling and vehicle tracking, that grew at roughly about 90% on a year-on-year basis 
in FY25, and it grew about close to 50% on a year-on-year basis in 4QFY25.  
Moving forward, contribution margin profile, synonymous to that, the contribution percentage 
from growth businesses increased from roughly 11.5% to 13% in this particular quarter. 
Contribution margin profile, again, similar growth frontier, roughly 40% more from a quarter-
on-quarter basis, and 49% from a year-on-year basis.  
Contribution margin profile continues to stay steady, as we discussed in terms of, you know, the 
nature of revenues continues to remain same. Last year, same quarter was 92%, this year is about 
close to 93%. All of this brings us to delivering an adjusted EBITDA in this quarter of roughly 
INR54 crores, which was in the same quarter last year, roughly about INR17 crores, which is 
roughly a 2.2x growth, and more notably, the full year numbers, because last year was the year 
where probably we broke even in the middle of the year.  
From a financial year perspective, we delivered INR13.5 crores in adjusted EBITDA in FY24, 
which grew to 139 crores in FY25, which is again the testimony to the quality of revenues and 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
the operating leverage which we've been able to deliver as a company. Furthermore, going 
deeper into the adjusted EBITDA metrics, if we remove the other income part, which is largely 
the interest income, we delivered close to about INR39 crores of adjusted EBITDA this quarter, 
which was in the last year, INR10.5 crores, which is again a growth of close to three times.  
But more notably, in the last financial year, removing interest income, we were basically 
negative INR6 crores, which has jumped to now INR103 crores. That's a good performance. 
Largely, most of this performance was locked in probably, let's say, a few quarters, a few years 
back because of the delayed nature of the profitability profile of our business, where we do most 
of the sales and acquisition and incur costs in this quarter. The revenue compounds, because 
those cohorts of customers not only continue to give us revenue, but also continue to expand and 
that's the reason for the operating leverage.  
Summarizing these numbers into more narration in terms of what really happened in the last 
quarter and the last year, as we discussed in numbers, 37% growth in the last quarter year on 
year and FY25, 46% growth. But if you double click into the core businesses of tolling and 
vehicle tracking, one of the good milestones for us was we've received the in-principle approval 
for the PPI license in the last quarter and it will take us probably in a few quarters to 
operationalize that. 
 
This will really help us gain an end-to-end ownership of the payment stack, which will enable 
us to deliver a very superior customer experience. Definitely, some economics will also improve 
over the period of time. But the most important thing is that this is one of the core business 
verticals for us. This gives us end-to-end ownership in this particular business. 
 
Second area, area of telematics, which is the second largest contributor to revenue for us. In that, 
there is a device specification called AIS device, which is basically one of the prevailing devices 
wherever the government mandations typically happen. There, we've developed the new 
hardware from scratch, which has got ICAT certified, so that will be a BlackBuck device from 
an ownership perspective end-to-end.  
For that, we've been able to establish over the last year a supply chain in terms of sourcing, 
manufacturing, components, etc., which not only has helped us improve customer experience, 
but probably makes us the lowest cost device manufacturer and procurer in the country, which 
gives us a very strong price advantage, which will help us build scale at a much faster pace and 
capture a much higher market share. 
 
Moving into the growth businesses, there notably, there are three businesses which typically 
have been driving a large part of the growth. One part is the fuel sensor, which we gave an update 
last quarter that that vertical has broken out. The last quarter, we were able to double the sales 
from the previous quarter, which is a good milestone. 
 
There, we are basically fixing continuously the whole product experience, fixing the whole 
installation experience, because it's a very involved product from the perspective of customer. 
Second vertical, which is the used PV loan vertical. In that vertical, we continue to scale with 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
our partners. We've extended this particular -- last financial year, we used to operate more close 
to about 50 hubs. Here, we have doubled the hubs in the last financial year, and we are offering 
this service in close to 100 hubs. 
 
This vertical continues to scale. Although, given the whole macro environment of last year, our 
partners were going a bit slower in terms of disbursements. We definitely did not see the kind 
of scale we thought we would foresee, but then obviously, there's good growth in this particular 
segment. Being in the lending space for our partners, it's better that they grow slower with a very 
high-quality portfolio quality. I think that's more important here than really blitzscaling  on a 
growth perspective. 
 
The third biggest vertical for us is the loads vertical, where, as many of you know, that we started 
closed looping the loads, which is going to be the bigger future for the loads business. There, 
that business continues to take shape. Obviously, that business, because it is at a very smaller 
scale, they're growing in multiples from a quarter-on-quarter perspective. But there, the biggest 
focus today is on product development. 
 
We've built the whole end-to-end fulfillment stack, the payment stack, the customer experience 
stack. Most of the work happening there is to really deliver strong customer experience to our 
truck operators who are using the platform in terms of payments, in terms of on-time fulfillment, 
and all of that. Most important there is, how do we really create a playbook for scale? Because 
availability of supply for BlackBuck is not a challenge.  
We are present in very high market shares, anywhere in the range of 15% to 70%, depending on 
state to state. So, scaling that playbook will not be a big challenge, but I think creation of the 
playbook is the most important thing there, and that's where most of our eyes and attention is 
focused at this point in time. 
 
Going into platform metrics, I think steady growth over there, as we discussed, monthly 
customers are growing, payments, GTV is growing, time spent by the users is growing on a year-
on-year basis. Thirdly, the profitability, as we read out the narration, adjusted EBITDA in the 
quarter, on a year-on-year basis, increased by close to about INR37 crores. And in the whole 
financial year, we created a shift in roughly close to INR125 crores in the overall adjusted 
EBITDA. That's, again, the testimony to the quality of the business model we've been operating 
and continue to operate. 
 
As always, we've explained to you the reason for -- explained to you using the slide, the context 
in operating leverage and the quality of operating leverage we've been having. So, if you can see 
from a revenues perspective, on a year-on-year basis, we grew about close to INR37.5 crores. 
And most of that revenue, most of that gross revenue converted into adjusted EBITDA, which 
shows the leverage from an operations perspective. So, 99% is the efficiency there.  
Then when you look at it from a sequential perspective, we've grown roughly close to INR14 
crores. And out of the INR14 crores, INR12 crores has flown into EBITDA, which is about 84%. 
So again, reiterating, the drivers of operating leverage are that recurring, most of the revenues 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
are recurring in nature, which means users have acquired let’s say in financial year 2021. Those 
revenues continue and we don't really have to incur any costs to gather those revenues every 
year. 
 
So hence, those revenue profiles continue. And because most of these revenues are platform in 
nature, in terms of subscription, in terms of net commission-based revenues, it's a high 
contribution margin profile. And it's a very strong flow-through from revenue to contribution. 
And as we've always discussed, the user retention, typically three to four years, after three to 
four years, flatline, we hardly lose users. And because of the quality of products we've built and 
users retain, and our revenue retention rates, as disclosed in the DRHP as well, as you can see, 
have been very, very strong. So that drives the whole operating leverage. 
 
And obviously, to add more revenues, we don't really spend any money from the perspective of 
asset deployments with the asset-light business, and hence the scalability of the business model 
as well. So basically, summarizing in one line, platform, Blackbuck platform net revenues are 
driving a strong P&L for us, and which drives strong operating leverage.  
Giving a snapshot of the quarterly P&L, as you've seen last quarter as well. There's a shift in 
P&L from negative INR6 crores in Q1 of 2024, steadily increasing because we are having a 
consistent revenue growth, and most of the revenue growth and efficiency of 80% to 90% has 
been flowing back into bottom line. And that's resulting in quarter-on-quarter profitability, 
sequential profitability, continued to compound. And where we stand today is our adjusted 
EBITDA to revenue. 
This percentage of adjusted EBITDA has already reached close to 40%, which again is basically 
the quality of revenues which is helping us reach here. Giving a more accounting snapshot on 
what PAT looks like and the waterfall from revenue to PAT. Revenue from operations, as we 
discussed, INR122 crores, moving into with other income, total income being INR137 crores, 
with direct costs largely growing lower than the revenue growth rate because of the nature of 
optimizations in place.  
That has grown about roughly 16%, which led to increase in the overall contribution margin to 
about INR127 crores, which is about close to 40% growth on a year-on-year basis. And total 
expenses, as you can see on a year-on-year basis, continue to stay steady, continue to stay flat. 
Because as you know that we've achieved critical scale in terms of our platform, where 20% of 
India's users transact on a monthly basis.  
And in the verticals, we operate where we directly acquire customers for revenue. Most of our 
investments in terms of the scale of investments have reached, which means our penetration 
levels in terms of PIN codes are there. So, we don't foresee, even in the future, massive expansion 
in our sales and marketing budgets.  
And that's the reason why you can see that there is marginal or no increase – there is no increase 
in our total expenses, which are steady at INR83 crores at a quarter level on a year-on-year basis, 
which helped us create an adjusted EBITDA of INR54 crores. And if you remove the other 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
income, which is largely the interest income the adjusted EBITDA essentially becomes INR39 
crores.  
And another important metric, which is basically PBT, where you basically add the cost of 
ESOP, but you exclude exceptional item and you exclude the discontinued operations, which is 
probably a much better quality of metric from a company's profitability perspective. That's 
trending close to about INR42 crores, which largely in a normal quarter would have mimicked 
the PAT.  
But in this quarter, because it's the first time we have delivered PAT, there is an accounting 
transaction where the profits, the losses, the carry-forward losses of the past basically have been 
accounted in the -- deferred tax has been recognized on the balance sheet and credit to the P&L 
has come through. Sorry, I was just taking Satya's help to narrate that. That's why you see a non-
usual PAT getting created of INR280 crores.  
But largely, the PBT number is more where we can get anchored is where the PAT reflection is 
going to be, which is obviously from a financial year perspective, roughly at close to INR91 
crores. If you look at adjusted EBITDA for the whole financial year, which is roughly INR103 
crores. And if you remove ESOP charges of the last year, that comes to about INR91 crores.  
And for the future ESOP costs, there is a schedule provided by our team in terms of what you 
can expect in the future. Of all the granted ESOPs as on date, you can see the schedule of those 
charges. So yes, that's at a summary level what the profitability profile looks like, the waterfall 
of profitability.  
Now from a walkthrough from PAT to EBITDA, fairly simple. Profit after tax, roughly about 
INR280 crores. If you add back the profit and loss from the discontinued operations and then 
the income tax expense, which we talked about and the depreciation, amortization and the ESOP-
based cost, etcetera, you arrive at the adjusted EBITDA of INR54 crores and other income of 
INR15 crores, you basically get to adjusted EBITDA excluding other income of INR40 crores. 
So that's a simple walkthrough. And that's all from our side. Would be happy to take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from line of Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Yes, hi. Congrats Rajesh and team on a great set of results. And I had a couple of questions. My 
first question in regards to -- sorry, there's a lot of background noise. Can you hear me? Hello, 
can you hear me? 
Management: 
Now, is it okay. Now we can hear you. Sachin, you repeat that please? 
Sachin Dixit: 
Great. So basically, my first question is on telematics side. So, if we think from a truck operator's 
angle and obviously, during the DRHP and all, you have highlighted why a GPS device helps a 
truck operator and all. But other than regulatory requirement, do you like what value proposition 
does a typical truck operator see in telematics device?  

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Are they willingly paying for that or only when regulatory push comes that they are willing to 
pay for that? And similar in terms of fuel sensor, how do you think of the value proposition from 
a truck operator's angle versus what do you think? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yes. See, basically, telematics at an overall level in the Indian context. So Indian context, like 
India is a land of first of all truck owners who employ drivers who drive the truck, which is the 
largest majority. Now, one of the biggest problems for a truck operator is to have control over 
the truck and the driver, when the truck is essentially not in front of his eyes and doing long 
distance trips. 
So today, now, if you segregate telematics into two parts, one is vehicle tracking and second 
aspect is basically fuel sensor. Vehicle tracking, the biggest value prop for a customer is driver 
management in terms of where the driver is, how much distance has he traveled today, what 
speed has he traveled today, speed alerts in terms of over speeding, etcetera. 
Second biggest value proposition is that when he's filling a load for a particular customer, the 
customer's anxiety in terms of where the truck is, will it reach on time, you have said that it will 
reach by 5pm, I can't see it anywhere, like where is it? He says it's two hours, but then he doesn't 
believe him. 
In terms of sharing the information on the whole on time delivery. The third part is a little bit 
because let's say our product is a very low ARPU product in terms of the cost. So, if you look at 
in terms of the driver in terms of truck like truck preventive health maintenance, driver like 
driver's driving behavior in terms of harsh acceleration, harsh braking is basically what gets 
captured in our device, which gives the indicator of quality of driving for the truck owner. 
So essentially, everything about like gaining control over operations and the driver management, 
when he's sitting remotely in his own village, but the truck essentially is flying all across the 
country is the biggest value prop. Along with this, there is obviously a more risk use case, where 
we also provide a facility to remotely turn off or on the truck. 
Assuming that the driver is drunk and driving and the owner has lost control on him, he would 
like want to turn off the truck, he can do that remotely. Essentially, vehicle tracking solution is 
all about this. Now, within the vehicle tracking today roughly about 25% plus of the devices we 
sell are of AIS standards.  
These most of these devices are largely driven by mandation, because the ARPU of the AIS 
devices, the cost which the truck operator pays for the AIS devices is also on a higher level. So, 
answering your question, value prop is strongly driver management led and customer experience 
led in terms of delivery of goods.  
Under that there is 25% of the device sales are driven by mandations. Those mandations are 
again state specific from a mining area perspective, passing perspective, depending on different 
needs which the government wants to govern in terms of vehicle movement. So today, 
summarizing today it's a larger use case, which a truck owner wants to use a device to manage 
his operations effectively.  

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Now, this is the whole vehicle tracking part of it. Fuel sensor part of it is completely to do with 
his need. Fuel is the largest expense for a truck operator. If you take a long haul truck operator, 
it will anywhere range between 45% to 60% will be the expense of fuel. Now, the biggest fights 
between an owner and a driver happens is basically on theft of fuel and because fuel is the largest 
expense, number one. 
Number two is that a lot of fuel stations like a lot of fuel stations are non-standardized. So, you 
also don't know when you're filling fuel, whether you're getting 100 liters, when you pay for 100 
liters are you getting 100 liters or not. So, fuel sensor is all about being able to keep track of how 
much did I fill fuel, when you have done 100 kilometers, how much fuel did you consume. 
Any sensitivity on a threshold of probably few liters, maybe 4 liters, 5 liters gets detected by the 
fuel sensor which we provide. So, the whole use case is with paranoia on really managing fuel 
fill fridge effectively for the truck operator is what is why they pay for fuel sensor. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Because Rajesh, I think basically one thing that I wanted here was like, I understand what value 
proposition you are providing, but from truck operators angle why exactly is he actually using 
that? Are they really able to manage, for example, some truck operators that we speak to they 
are like we know driver is deceiving us on the amount of fuel that they are buying. 
And selling and removing it from the tank and all those things. So, does the truck operator really 
believe that they can actually control it by having these tracking devices or this is more of some 
of them are maybe taking it? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yes. So, this is a value proposition we provide because a truck owner wants it. See earlier we 
were selling this product in the ARPU range of 15,000 to 25,000. It was not getting sold because 
it's a very high value product for him, but then when we were able to really re-engineer the 
device and were able to really work on the cost of the device and really bring down the price, 
the whole product has taken off.  
So, it's a product we've built because there was a need and there was an ask by the truck 
operators. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Understood. Thank you. My second question is that there are some market chatter that one of 
your telematics peers is looking to also enter the profit pools that you have showed thanks to 
getting listed and showing those brilliant numbers. What is your view on that? Why do you think 
they will have a play or might not have a play? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
See basically, I mean sorry, but like I think I am not in the information on which name you're 
referring to. But at the end of the day as I mentioned in the earlier part of the presentation, in 
terms of the three capabilities on offerings, distribution and offering platform and distribution. 
The only reason why we are able to deliver our revenue profile and profitability profile is by 
really out-investing in those areas over the last 5 years. 
And we continue to deliver the best in-class product experience for the customers. We've built 
by hours of research and hours of hard work and I think it's obviously more competition in this 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
space is always better because truckers is the community where there are very few people who 
are hand-holding them and really creating very good solutions for them.  
And we believe if there are more players, it will really help build a whole space very fast because 
the space is hardly lubricated and if more people can do more better work, better for the industry, 
probably we can do much faster. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Sure, Rajesh. One housekeeping question, if I can quickly squeeze in. DNA expense seems to 
have jumped quite sharply. Just explain the nature of it and I'll get back to the Q&A and all the 
best for FY26? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Thank you. Yes, DNA expense has jumped very quickly. 
Management: 
You mean other expenses Sachin?  
Sachin Dixit: 
Sir, I'm talking about depreciation only? 
Management: 
Yes, depreciation was on account of it's a one-time, so we did a physical verification like we do 
at the end of the year and there were some CPS devices where we had to take some accelerated 
depreciation. Generally, it should stay in the range of the INR8 crores to INR10 crores as we 
move forward.  
Sachin Dixit: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best for FY26. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the land of Abhishek from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek: 
Hey, hi. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Just a couple of questions from my side. Am 
I audible there is a lot of noise. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yes, we can hear you. 
Abhishek: 
Yes quickly. So, from this PPI license, what is the upside that you see in terms of take rates for 
the business? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Can you please repeat your question? Sorry, we couldn't hear you. 
Abhishek: 
Because of this PPI license coming in, what is the upside in terms of take rate that you'll be able 
to get? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yes, so basically of the total revenue pool which is out there and whenever we do a transaction, 
of the 100 we typically keep close to about 80. And the remaining is with the partners. So that 
upside you would get, but we don't foresee that upside coming in automatically because we have 
a huge customer base and we will continue to be working with partners.  
This is basically a license which we'll use to probably innovate a bit for the customers and 
probably to improve a bit of customer experience, but you would not see the improvement in the 
take rates immediately. 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Abhishek: 
Got it. With regards to the telematics device, are you actually looking at manufacturing it or are 
you sourcing it from outside somewhere? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yes, we typically have a full control on the bomb. We have the control on the design. We own 
the design as well. And we typically do a lot of like the recent product which we've created, this 
was a project with a supplier in China for a good long period. And we typically invest in the lab 
and we sort of create the product. We obviously do the same thing in India as well.  
So, we've got suppliers across India and China as well. So nowhere we are manufacturing the 
product. We don't foresee the value add from a manufacturing would really justify getting into 
that core activity, but in terms of firmware level coding, in terms of really bomb, in terms of 
what device to build, in terms of really keeping the whole information and knowledge in terms 
of how to really get the device done, that we keep in house.  
But then getting it done, we typically depend on our partners outside from a manufacturing 
standpoint. 
Abhishek: 
Understood. Now for both the tooling business and the telematics business, what is the risk that 
the original equipment manufacturers will start installing these things into their products and 
more as things go on? And is that a risk to your business? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yes. So, OEMs like not only in like, let's say, as you rightly said payments and telematics, not 
only in any of these, they have generally been providing this not only now over the last five 
years. On tooling, the most important thing to note is that first of all tooling when it happened, 
it was a stock business.  
New vehicles obviously kept coming over the period of time, but remember that anyone who's 
buying a new vehicle typically is a large fleet operator who has like more than 10 trucks. And if 
10 fleet is operating with, let's say, provider like us when he's buying extra two trucks, it's very 
hard to have a different provider for that.  
So that typically ensures that in tooling, every new vehicle which is being bought, our relevant 
market share typically flows to us. So, there we don't see any threat at all. And obviously, the 
kind of distribution we have, we cover the new dealerships, we cover all the truck operators. So, 
we have a very strong sort of presence there.  
Now in terms of telematics again, not only now over the last 10 years, telematics devices were 
being provided by the OEM continuously. OEMs operate at a particular price point, which is 
generally very high. And that provides also very, very high reliability of the product. We as a 
company have operated at different price points in terms of driving growth in telematics 
categories, but those high price points never work.  
Roughly our price point when we first sell a device, including the device and the first-year 
subscription, roughly cost us about INR3,500 for the full year. Now, OEMs would operate at 
multiples of price point to that. So, we have a very strong price point advantage. Second is, in 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
terms of the kind of product this is, in terms of the kind of serviceability needs to be provided, 
we've got like high, very high number of technicians who are deployed all across the country.  
So, in terms of our focus, in terms of running this product is like very high, which typically and 
we end up providing a very high customer experience. Third point, again, same as tolling like, 
because majority of these large fleet operators operate on our telematics devices, whenever they 
buy a new device, they typically would want to fit with the same platform as they have been 
using.  
So, we've never seen any kind of a resistance with a new truck versus an old truck. Our sales 
have been pretty, pretty much secular across any kind of a customer footprint. 
Abhishek: 
Understood. Now, with regards to the loads brokerage business. So that has been tried quite a 
few times in the past as well, but what gives you the confidence that this time what you are trying 
to do will probably work better? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yes, so basically explaining the loads at a very broad level. Loads in the industry in India is a 
$200 billion industry, $180 to $200 billion industry. Of that, if you remove part truck load, 
express, e-commerce, like you remove everything which is very specialized in nature, over 
dimensional cargo and many different, many of those industries. You're left with a time of like 
anywhere in the range of $120 billion, which typically operates in an open market load scenario.  
We are as a company have been trying to address that particular business. That's the broad sort 
of background. Number two is that the way this industry operates is that the load typically 
originates from enterprises and SMBs. SMBs probably originate 60% of the overall loads and 
enterprises originate about 40%. And as the industry fragmentation of supply side stays the same, 
70% of the trucks owned by less than 5 truck operators. 
And the industry has two layers of intermediaries. One layer is the small broker layer. There are 
about 2.5 lakh brokers in the whole country who are organizing supply. Other layer is basically 
the bigger broker layer, which is basically organizing the demand. Roughly about 10,000, 15,000 
of those guys exist. 
As you rightly asked, there are various attempts by BlackBuck in this industry to solve the loads 
marketplace problems. The first product market fit of BlackBuck was basically the enterprise 
kind of a model where we were like any other big broker and we're trying to crack the whole 
marketplace. But the biggest problem we were not able to crack that business was because we 
never had a highly scaled supply.  
Number two, these enterprises work on working capital, which is a very hard thing to manage 
because in India, nobody pays on time. They say it's 30 days, 40 days, but the money comes 
back in like 120 days. So, it was an unscalable model. Whenever we scaled immensely, 
whenever we scaled exponentially, we lost more money that was a model which we did not 
continue.  

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
That is why if you saw, we pivoted towards the whole strategy of saying that we need to solve 
supply. That's what as I opened up my presentation, I was explaining that we need to first 
organize truck operators lives around them. So that was the first foray back in 2018-19. We 
basically pivoted into a strategy of saying that let's build fleet management services for truckers.  
That's how we organized payments, telematics, etcetera which basically became acquisition 
engines. Not only acquisition, are also delivering today's revenues and profits. So those are 
acquisition engines and when we actually built closer to 2 lakhs to 2.5 lakh truck operators base, 
that's when we launched the classifieds version of the loads.  
Classifieds created the new go-to-market, which is basically a very technology-led opportunity 
which paved way into launching loads. And as you can see in the DRHP, in the last financial 
year we did close to about 2.2 million loads. This year the number of loads, we have done close 
to 3.1 million, 3.2 million loads. So that business is scaling continuously.  
But in classifieds, because it's a verticalized classifieds platform, delivering high trust and 
delivering strong customer experience is really not possible. So, the newer, the entire evolution 
of classifieds into brokerage is what you are seeing this year. And that's the center stone, 
cornerstone of the strategy for this year, where all these classifieds. 
Basically, wherever our ability to close loads is higher, wherever we have more amount of supply 
and more obviously closer to home, Bangalore, we started the brokerage model where we don't 
earn only by subscription. Let's say on the classifieds model, we only earn INR12 on the 
customer side, on the shipper side and we earn about INR20, INR25 on the trucker side from a 
load perspective. But in terms of brokerage, you earn anywhere in the range of, like long-term 
steady state commission rates are going to be higher. But even now, we are earning between 
6%-8% on a transaction basis, right? 
So that's the whole flip. And we believe that by being the most dominant player on the supply 
side, by having the highest mindshare and the trust of truckers, who are already trusting us with 
payments, which means they are paying to us. So obviously, they will trust us a lot when we will 
be paying to them in the brokerage transaction. We believe, you know, this is the, you know, 
marketplace problem through marketplace approach through which we would be able to really 
solve the intercity trucking problem. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Abhishek. I'll request to come back for a follow-up question, please. Next question 
is from the line of Manish Poddar from Invesco Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Yeah. Hi, thanks for doing the call. I have three questions. The first was, regarding this 
telematics… 
Moderator: 
Manish, sorry to interrupt you, we are losing your audio. Can you please come in a better 
reception area, please? 
Manish Poddar: 
Yeah, is this much, is this any better? 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Yeah. So, you know, Rajesh, first one, if you can help me understand, let's say in this telematics, 
now, let's say, what is the, you know, the cost of making the device? And let's say, when you 
sell it with a bundle, or let's say the fuel sensor, you know, what is the pricing like? And in the 
same thread, in your understanding, what would your market share be in telematics? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yeah, so basically, on the cost side, Manish, I think it will be very difficult for us to disclose that 
because these are this competitive information, right? So, I will not comment on that. In terms 
of market share, you know, we believe that in terms of the total telematics devices, which are 
sold in a on a monthly basis, I think we are probably able to capture roughly close to about 30% 
of those devices. This is on the vehicle tracking side. And on the fuel sensor side, also probably 
this will be a bit more, probably more than the 40%, 40%-45% range. 
Manish Poddar: 
And cumulatively, what is the price now? Let's say if one takes the telematics with the fuel 
sensor, what is the combo cost? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
What is the? 
Manish Poddar: 
What is the combo cost? Let's say, has that come down is what I'm trying to understand. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Cost to the customer? 
Manish Poddar: 
Combo. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Combo cost to the customer will be between 8 to, yeah, between depending on customer to 
customer, this is volume discount between 8000 to 10,000. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. So, this has come down from the last quarter, is that so? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Of course, yes. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. And so, and the second area which I want to understand is let's say this freight brokerage, 
how many hubs do we have right now? And let's say what are the sort of people investment 
which has gone there? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Investments in brokerage, like as any marketplace, the investments are on two sides, investment 
on demand side, investment on supply side. In trucking, because shippers are always searching 
for a truck, and that is the reason why 2.5 lakh brokers in the country exist, because trucks are, 
you know, wherever they are, and they need to be, you know, figured out and they need to be 
matched, right? 
So, development of -- development cost of demand side is generally fairly lower, development 
of cost of supply side is generally very high. But given our strategy, where we acquire truckers 
using telematics and tolling, and then basically on loads, they get essentially, you know, a cross 
sold, our supply costs are like close to like, you know, negligible or zero, and large part of our 
costs are in demand side, right? And the -- if you're asking me in terms of whether the investment 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
on the brokerage side, are they really material from a P&L perspective, the answer is no, at this 
point in time. 
Manish Poddar: 
So, if I get it right, you said Bangalore is one hub, which we've started, have we -- haven't taken 
this pilot to another hub, is what I'm trying to get some sense of. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Sorry, I have not been able to hear you, Manish. 
Manish Poddar: 
No, no, so I'm saying let's say Bangalore is one hub where you've taken this business, right? So, 
I'm just trying to understand have you started doing it in other hubs also, and how many hubs 
right now? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yeah, Bangalore is the first hub. And again, Bangalore also, we are, basically, we want to really 
double down and deepen in Bangalore. And as you rightly have asked, we are live in totally five 
hubs. But yes, I mean, the business is largely in a, you know, playbook building phase. And, you 
know, very, very hard to explain any form of the business at this point in time. But yes, yeah. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. And Rajesh, if I can squeeze in one last one, let's say in terms of this growth businesses, 
you know, which have roughly doubled in size, if I look at a full year basis, can you help me 
understand, let's say, you know, incremental, in terms of incremental contribution, let's say, you 
know, if I had to think about it, what are the larger parts in that? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
What are the larger costs? 
Manish Poddar: 
Larger parts, let's say in terms of delta change in revenue. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Larger parts. Yeah, so basically, yeah, yeah. So as, you know, mentioned before, broadly, the 
mix, you know, is similar. You know, the vehicle finance business would be the, you know, 
largest in that. And then the loads brokerage business, and then the fuel center business. Largely 
from a, you know, timing and the scale of the businesses perspective. Yeah. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Nilesh Jain from Astute Investment Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Nilesh Jain: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. And congratulations for a great set of numbers. My first 
question is on your number of monthly active operators. And currently, we have almost, you 
know, a share of 20%. So how should we expect growth on this side? You know, acquisition of 
new users, other truck operators? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yeah. So basically, I think, if you're asking from perspective of the user acquisition on the 
trucker side, I think you should expect this number to be, you know, range bound in this zone, 
you know, you know, for a good number of years. I think the important point to also understand 
is that if you segment this particular market share across different categories, we have, like, let's 
say, much higher market share on the intercity truck side, because of the nature of the services 
we provide, and probably a lower market share on the smaller vehicles kind of perspective, right? 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
So the way to look at is that the kind of, you know, businesses we as a company want to venture 
into in terms of in the future, in terms of loads, et cetera, right? I think for these businesses to 
become bigger and generate massive revenues, right? The scale of user base, you know, and 
growing at this level is basically, you know, perfectly fine, right? 
So, if you're asking me, is the growth slowing down? Obviously, answer is yes, it will be in this 
range of, you know, higher double digits, lower double digits over the next course of 3 to 5 years. 
But this does not determine the growth rate of independent business verticals, because if you see 
the maximum penetrated category for us is tolling. 
Telematics has probably, you know, half the penetration of tolling. So, which means there's a 
much headroom of growth. Loads has very less penetration in terms of the brokerage, let's say, 
which is the largest revenue, which will be the ticket size or the largest revenue generating 
vertical, right? 
So, if you are -- if the question is from a perspective of headroom of growth, all verticals have a 
very high headroom of growth. But from the perspective of addition of customers, like, you 
know, as the, you know, the broad statement, which I mentioned, it will be in the, you know, 
double digit numbers in the foreseeable future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Nilesh, I'll request you to come back for a follow up question, please. Next question 
is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Yeah. Hi, good evening to you, Rajesh and team. My question was, you know, after you get the 
PPI license, what is the increase in fixed cost that you are expecting? 
Moderator: 
Lokesh, sorry to interrupt you, your audio is unclear. Can you please come a little closer to the 
speaker and talk, your mic and talk, please? 
Lokesh Manik: 
Yeah, this is better. Hello. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yeah, go ahead. I think it was a little unclear, but I think we've also got the question. I think your 
question was that PPI license, you know, what is the cost increase, right? 
Lokesh Manik: 
Yeah. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
So basically, like, remember that the whole journey of building the stacks to deliver the payment 
experience to the customer, like, a lot of the stack is already existing with us, right? A, right? 
And, like, the incremental cost would be far outweighing, let's say, even, let's say, assuming that 
we do, let's say, some X percent business on our own prepaid stack end to end, right? 
The incremental cost, even from day one on a variable basis, at like even a very small scale, 
even if 5% of our business comes from our prepaid stack, the incremental costs are far lower 
than the overall improvement in economics. So, there is not going to be any fixed increase in 
fixed overhead. It is still the same team, same technology team, same product team is going to 
build and manage the same stack, you know, internally. 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Lokesh Manik: 
Good. That's it for my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Gaurav Malhotra from Axis. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Malhotra: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on a good set of numbers. I just had a couple of 
questions. I think they have been, you know, the cost control has been excellent. Just wanted to 
get a sense as to, you know, at how much more you can sort of squeeze out of the growth of your 
business, you know, without sort of really meaningfully increasing a cost. That's my first 
question. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
So basically, we will, I mean, I don't expect reduction in cost, right? I think we fairly run a very, 
I mean, we have a very lean culture. We have been operating like this, you know, forever in 
terms of all our policies and everything. We typically have a very lean approach to it. Even 
launching a new business, we have a very lean approach to it. You know, let's say, I mean, we 
started off a brokerage business, like we just take a, you know, 5000-seater for 100 people, which 
is a INR500, you know, sort of, you know, cost per seat, you know, INR50,000 seater like this. 
So basically, that's always the approach in terms of very, you know, lean, you know, way of 
executing, I think you will expect the cost to be largely, you know, lean, and then would not 
reduce, I would say. Second part is, like, obviously, you will always see, like, you know, a 
benefit of operating leverage there, that, you know, whatever we do incrementally, we will be 
able to deliver operating leverage, but, you know, inflation linked is what you can largely 
assume. Yeah. 
Gaurav Malhotra: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday Advisors. Please go 
ahead. Parikshit, may I request you to unmute your line and proceed with your question, please? 
Due to no response, we move on to the next participant. Next question is from the line of Nidhesh 
Jain from Investec India. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. First question is, what is the profile of our truck operators? Are they 
single driver owners, fleet owners? And what is the average size of, what is the range of size of 
fleet that these truck operators are managing? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yeah, an average between two to three trucks. Small, small truck operators. Think of it as, think 
of it as, think of it as large truck operators always had a lot of people to serve them. Because 
they are more profitable segments, because cost to get to them is easy. You go to a big truck guy 
who has 50 trucks, you can just sell him a deal and economize on your cost of sales. 
We were able to develop a unique method by using tech, using platform and on-ground 
workforce to be able to really serve these small users all across the country. So, yeah, so this 
was always an underserved segment. Using technology, BlackBuck was able to really penetrate 
and get them online and build a business model from there. 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure, sure. And what percentage of your revenue will be coming from this telematics or fuel 
sensor segment? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
We only give the split of core and growth at the moment. Core and growth put together, we've 
already disclosed that's roughly close to about 85% of the revenues. And in those payments is 
the larger revenue vertical, telematics is second. Yeah. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Okay. And third question is on cash flow generation. Cash flow generation this year is a bit 
softer. Cash flow from operation is almost 50% of EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA. So, any 
particular reason why the cash flow from operation is much lower? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yeah, good question. Cash flow from operations for us always mimics adjusted EBITDA, right? 
In this particular year, there are basically two things which have happened. The cash flow 
operations you're referring is basically the cash flow of console P&L. One is basically the loans 
disbursed by the NBFC arm of BlackBuck. That's roughly about INR30 crores of loans disbursed 
by them. So that's one thing which you need to account for, which is leading to the number not 
being there. 
The second number is that there is a one-off working capital item that you can see, there's a 
INR50 crores of working capital gap which went into the business. That was again a one-off that 
got clawed back. That actually on 31st of March, in fact, that got clawed back in the first week 
of April itself. That was to ensure that within 1st of April, a lot of banks don't operate. That was 
to ensure that the whole payments business does not have any working capital, sort of a crunch 
that got clawed back. If you add both of them back, the number comes close to the adjusted 
EBITDA of INR105 crores. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Okay, sure. That's it from my side. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
So, every quarter, think of it as whatever EBITDA we deliver, that's the cash we generate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, yeah. Thank you very much for this opportunity. So just first up, wanted to understand, I 
mean, in terms of revenue CAGR, if I have to see next 2-3 years, what sort of CAGR range we 
might be looking at? And what would be top 2-3 growth drivers to achieve that kind of growth? 
Yeah. So that would be my question. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yeah, so we as a company have basically taken a position on not providing guidance. But to just 
help you, like you could like really, I mean, the growth businesses is anyone's guess, because all 
of that is a big optionality is depending on how we crack some business models and how we 
really outscale, right? 
In terms of core businesses, like, you know, we have got, you know, very strong tailwinds from 
the perspective of India's infrastructure development and how tolling goes in the country. I think 
most of those indices would help you be able to sort of, you know, model how that looks like. 
But yeah. 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
And what would be top 2-3 growth drivers we are seeing? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Top 3 growth drivers? I mean, basically kilometers built in the country, the inflation on toll fares, 
how they work, number of trucks, how they are increasing, how we are, you know, gaining 
market share, you know, on a continual basis, right? If you map all these factors, you would be 
able to, you know, yeah, simulate this. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Fair enough. And in terms of, I mean, will you be able to provide in terms of revenue mix? I 
mean, how much we earn from brokerages, how much we earn from commission or subscription 
base? So, some breakup would you be able to provide in terms of percentage? Yeah. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yeah. We only provide split between our core businesses, which is basically tolling and, you 
know, vehicle tracking service and the growth businesses. Only these two splits we provide, sub-
split we don't provide. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So how much would be tolling and tracking? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
About 85%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Huh? 80%-85%. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
85%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And remaining would be growth. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
85%, yeah. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And remaining would be growth. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yeah. You can see it in the earnings deck, you know, it's provided out there. There's a quarter-
on-quarter flow as well. Yeah. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Fair enough. That's very helpful, sir. I mean, that would be from side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nilesh Jain from Astute Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Nilesh Jain: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity again. My question is on the tolling business for the FY '25, 
what would be our market share roughly, if you can provide that? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
We ended with -- we started the year with 37. We ended the last year with 37. This year we 
ended at roughly 45.5. 
Nilesh Jain: 
Do we see ample opportunity for us to further increase the market share or we, you know, will 
be stable around this level? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
We believe that, you know, like every month we acquire market shares, right? So, we believe 
that we will continue, we continue to have good headroom, but we don't know where we will 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
land at. But see, I mean, how much ever our incremental acquisitions are away from our current 
steady state market share, our market share will keep growing. 
So, I think we can only like help you understand how the past has been, which has been like we 
moved from 30 to 37, 37 to 45.5. Now we need to, you know, figure out how the next year is 
going to be. But yes, yeah, but we are the market leaders in terms of acquisitions and in terms 
of GTVs. So, we continue to, you know, steer aggressively in that direction. 
Nilesh Jain: 
Just last question on data keeping, if you can provide, you know, the active GPS devices we 
have. I think this last, I think what you all had shared was 6,87,000 in queue at the time of RHP. 
Would it be possible to share? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
No, I don't think that in RHP. Sorry? 
Nilesh Jain: 
3,90,000 I think you all had at the time of RHP. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yeah, correct, correct. So, this information, I mean, we've stopped providing, yeah, we stopped 
providing, you know, at the moment. Yeah. 
Nilesh Jain: 
No problem. All the best. 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next follow-up question from the line of Sachin Dixit from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Rajesh, a couple of housekeeping questions we need. The first one is that why do we have a 
negative resource expense for this quarter? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
Yeah, so there are some two things. One, if let's say an employee leaves, then that ESOP gets 
surrendered and then there is a reversal. Second, there are some changes in estimates in terms of 
attrition, et cetera. These are the two reasons. But as we move forward, like we have shared in 
the earnings deck, assuming no further grants, what is the ESOP charge for the next eight 
quarters is being provided in the appendix? 
Sachin Dixit: 
And the second question is basically on discontinued operations, right? I believe we sold off that 
business and last quarter we did not have any number coming from discontinued operation P&L, 
but we again have this quarter. Why is that coming and how long do you think such an impact 
can last? 
Rajesh Yabaji: 
If you see the note also on the continued operation, there was a contingent disclosure that was 
there. Now, I mean, we have cleared all of that out, that obligation closed in February. So, this 
is the last charge that we will have on this particular piece. It is just contingent refuel bill that is 
not coming. 
Sachin Dixit: 
I understood. All right. Thanks so much. 

 
 
Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Ankur Pant for closing comments. 
Ankur Pant: 
So, thank you everyone for joining the call. With this, we conclude the 4Q FY '25 call for Zinka 
Logistics Solutions Limited. Have a nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of IIFL Capital and Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
