 
 
Ref: ADL/SE/2025-26/13 
       May 12, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE CODE: 524348 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
NSE SYMBOL: AARTIDRUGS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and               
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
    
 
 
 
   Sub:  Transcript of Q4 FY25 Earning Conference Call  
Please find attached herewith transcript of Q4 FY25 Earning Conference call. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
FOR AARTI DRUGS LIMITED 
  
 
RUSHIKESH DEOLE  
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
ICSI M.No.: F12932 
 
RUSHIKESH 
VIVEK DEOLE
Digitally signed by RUSHIKESH VIVEK DEOLE 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=421301, st=MAHARASHTRA, street=THANE, 
l=THANE, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=9b60f64457feab7f455d17463ebe710861bf01b575f6fc0
484483273dabfc17f, 
pseudonym=4f2ca420db024756817276715a8b594b, 
2.5.4.20=76af11ab2ea790a8aec8b0d90f9da6fdb715f5b922a7af009bb
3f93dc014e116, email=RUSHIKESH.DEOLE@AARTIDRUGS.COM, 
cn=RUSHIKESH VIVEK DEOLE 
Date: 2025.05.12 23:56:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Aarti Drugs Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 07, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 07th May 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Adhish P. Patil – Chief Operating Officer & Chief Financial Officer, Aarti Drugs Limited 
Mr. Harshit M. Savla – Joint Managing Director – Aarti Drugs Limited 
 
Mr. Vishwa H. Savla – Managing Director, Pinnacle Life Science Private Limited 
SGA, Investor Relations Advisor – Aarti Drugs Limited 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Aarti Drugs Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that, this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Adhish Patil, COO and CFO of Aarti Drugs Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Adhish Patil: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. It is my pleasure to welcome you all to the earnings 
conference call of Aarti Drugs Limited. We thank you for taking the time to join us today to 
discuss our financial and operational performance for the fourth quarter and full year ended 31 
March, 2025. 
 
Joining me on this call are Mr. Harshit Savla, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Vishwa Savla, 
Managing Director of Pinnacle Life Science Private Limited; and our Investor Relations 
Advisor, SGA. We hope that you have had the opportunity to review our financial results and 
investor presentation, both of which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges and on our 
company's website. 
 
In Q4 FY '25, revenues grew by 9% to INR679 crores with EBITDA margins improving to 
14%. During the quarter, we witnessed strong global demand for APIs, driving a 15.5% 
growth in volumes, primarily led by exports, benefiting from improved operating leverage and 
stable input cost, we achieved around 14.5% EBITDA margins in the stand-alone business. 
This is a great improvement over the last few quarters wherein margins have remained 
between 11% to 12%. 
 
We expect our consolidated margin of 14% to further improve in the coming year with our 
new facilities up and running in FY '26. PAT stood at INR 63 crores, a growth of 33% year-
on-year with PAT margins at 9.2%. For the full year FY '25, it was a challenging year, 
beginning with muted global demand, elevated raw material costs, which impacted overall 
performance. 
 
Greater-than-expected market volatility, particularly to the falling input prices lead to a 5% 
year-on-year revenue decline. Despite the challenges, the company improved cost efficiency 
and operational discipline over the year, which helped maintain our EBITDA margins at 
12.6% on an annual basis. 
 
Margin performance improved significantly in second half of FY '25, driven by stabilization in 
input cost. For FY '25, the decline in revenue from the API business of 4% is not indicative of 
structural weakness, but rather reflected a transient correction in global pricing and inventory 
cycles. Despite this, the company successfully maintained operational momentum and 
continued to focus on strategic execution across all segments. 
 
For the full year, one of the most significant positives for the year was marked the 
improvement in gross margins, which improved over 200 basis points to 35.8%. This 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
improvement is primarily attributed to the normalization of input cost during the second half of 
fiscal year, following a period of inflationary pressure in raw material procurement. 
 
Looking forward, as mentioned earlier, we anticipate further improvement in gross margins 
driven by multiple factors. This include an expected uptick in selling price realizations as 
global API demand normalizes, enhanced capacity utilization and higher value export 
opportunities. 
 
Also, I would like to highlight 2 important strategic developments that signify our focus on the 
regulatory compliance and sustainability. During the quarter, the company entered into a share 
subscription and shareholders agreement with Prozeal Green Power Private Limited and Pro-
Zeal Green Power Nine Private Limited. 
 
Through this agreement, the company will acquire 26.25% equity shares and voting rights 
along with compulsorily convertible debentures in Pro-Zeal Green Power Nine Private Limited 
and SPV that will develop and operate 24.4 megawatt peak solar power plant. This plant will 
partially supply the company's power needs, both in the state of Maharashtra and Gujarat, 
reinforcing the commitment to renewable energy. 
 
The total investment committed amount to INR8.05 crores to be invested in a phased manner. 
We are also pleased to share that  company received letter from USFDA on 14th February 
2025, which has officially removed our API manufacturing facility located at Tarapur from 
import alert 66-40. This development allows us to resume exports to the U.S. market from this 
facility. 
 
The key APIs cleared for export include ciprofloxacin hydrochloride, Zolpidem tartrate, 
raloxifene hydrochloride, Celecoxib and Niacin. This marks an important regulatory milestone 
for the company and is a testament to our unwavering commitment to global compliance and 
maintaining high-quality standards across our manufacturing operations. 
 
Now, we'll give update on the ongoing capital investment. The capex incurred during full year 
of FY '25 amounted to INR177 crores. Recently, through our long-term strategy of deepening 
backward integration and enhancing cost competitiveness, the company has made substantial 
progress on its greenfield project at Saykha, Gujarat dedicated to backward integration of our 
antidiabetic product, along with a few more intermediates, has commenced trial production, 
which is expected to stabilize soon within the current quarter. 
 
This is anticipated to contribute meaningfully to the company's profitability over a long period 
of time. This development is expected to meaningfully reduce our reliance on external raw 
materials, improve supply chain reliability and drive incremental margin expansion through 
internal sourcing of key inputs. 
The Tarapur Greenfield project had certain initial operational challenges, which have now 
been largely resolved. The company remains focused on a gradual production scale-up, 
targeting over 700 tons per month by the month of June 2025 and aiming to reach a cumulative 
capacity of approximately 1,600 tons per month by the end of FY '26. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
These initiatives are expected to reduce the cost along with the expansion in the profit margins 
and the top line growth. The broader operating environment continues to present some 
geopolitical challenges, and the company remains focused on improving profitability through 
disciplined cost control, efficient supply chain management, these initiatives are expected to 
collectively strengthen the business' operational resilience and position it for sustainable long-
term growth. 
With this, we can now begin Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of AM Lodha from Sanmati Consultant. 
AM Lodha: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. One is relating to export and second is relating to expansion. Now I am 
coming, sir, to the first question, export. As per your letter dated 14th February '25, the 
USFDA has removed the alert of 66-40. And from your presentation, I could guess that you 
have 11% export to USA, North America. So just I wanted to know North America. 11% 
export to North America. 
Just I wanted to know after removal of this import alert, can the company improve the export 
performance from your Tarapur plant. Another question relating to the export, sir. From 
presentation, I could guess that you are in top 10 countries, the Pakistan also includes. 
Recently, the government of India has prohibited the export to Pakistan directly and indirectly. 
So what is the percentage of export to the Pakistan? These are the 2 questions relating to 
exports, sir? 
Adhish Patil: 
Okay. Yes. So your first question was, yes, our North American exports are around 11%, but 
that includes 3 countries, Canada, US as well as Mexico. Now with the clearance of USFDA, 
the sales -- the API sales to US should ideally increase. However, it will have some gestation 
period of, say, 12 to 24 months because all the projects have been reinitiated. There are a 
couple of clients who are already active and they will also launch their product using our API. 
Another thing is this clears out the stigma among the European buyers. We have a very big 
potential for selling our APIs to European market, which was withheld because of this import 
alert issue. So definitely, clearance of USFDA import alert will give us a lot of impetus in 
improving our regulated sales. Having said that, it will take some gestation period, but it will 
improve for sure. And it will be a high-margin business as compared to our current ROW 
export sales. 
And regarding the question of Pakistan that is a very relevant question as of today. So our 
exports to Pakistan is a little less than around 2.9% or so. Definitely, we are keeping a close 
watch on the progress of the trade ties between India and Pakistan. That will impact this 2.9% 
of the sales, which we will try to route to some other countries because as we see that the 
market is quite big and sometimes we fall short of production capacity. So we will be able to 
divert that material to some other countries. 
AM Lodha: 
Second question is relating to expansions. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, 
AM Lodha: 
Madam, that the first question only relating to export. Now I am asking about the second 
question related to expansion. Thereafter, I will go in queue. No problem. Sir, second question, 
you invested in Saykha plant -- how much money has been invested in Saykha plant and on 
full capacity utilization, how much that plant can generate the sales? Similarly, we have 
invested in Tarapur Greenfield plant. 
How much money has been invested and how much sales can be generated over a period of 2, 
3 years on full capacity utilization. And out of that INR600 crores capex, which we have 
undertaken in 2022, how much money is still to be spent? That is the only second question, sir. 
Adhish Patil: 
Okay. So both Saykha as well as the Tarapur Greenfield projects, both the projects are ranging 
between INR180 crores to INR200 crores each. However, having said that, currently, both 
these projects are only in their Phase 1. So when I say Phase 1, we are utilizing only two-third 
of the land parcel. So one-third of the land parcel will still remain empty for future expansion 
for future production lines. 
And initial capex, Greenfield capex always take more money because we have to do plot 
development, all the ancillary activities like ETPs, utilities. So all these things, warehouses. So 
all these common investments have been done already in the Greenfield phase. So the second 
round of expansion, which will come in this area in these locations, we have much higher asset 
turn. 
 
Having said that, the current the Phase 1, Saykha, we expect somewhere around INR200 
crores, but then I would say around 50% of it would be our captive consumption. So that will 
improve our gross margin rather than improving the sales. Whereas the Tarapur one, that has a 
full-scale potential of around INR250 crores to INR300 crores, depending upon the prices of 
the API, which changes dynamically. So that range is around INR250 crores to INR300 crores 
per annum. 
AM Lodha: 
What about the capex of the INR600 crores announced in 2022, how much is still to be 
pending? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes, most of it is done. However, the one antidiabetic expansion line, which we are planning 
that INR600 crores, that capex was deferred, and we might take up that maybe probably next 
in a couple of years. 
AM Lodha: 
Okay. Thank you. I will re-join the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital. Please 
proceed.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
Yes. So Adhish, one line antidiabetic is deferred. So what will be the capex guidance for FY 
'26? And then how should we look at it in FY '27? 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So this year, we were able to complete around INR177-odd crores of capex. So what we 
are foreseeing -- so going forward, on a consolidated basis, we are also looking to invest into 
registration of oncology products in the formulation division. And we are also planning for a 
probable another block -- production line expansion, which will cater to export market in 
formulation. And apart from that, for stand-alone companies also, we have visibility of around 
roughly around INR200 crores of capex. Not everything will be taken up in this 2026 itself. So 
I would say roughly around INR150 crores to INR200 crores would be the range of capex, 
which we might do in FY '26. And then again, similar kind of amount probably in FY '27 when 
more newer products are identified. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And how much it would be dedicated for this antidiabetic line out of this INR150 crores 
to INR200 crores? 
Adhish Patil: 
So antidiabetic line, that project, if we include in this, it should be roughly around INR100-odd 
crores. Exactly, we don't have the estimate now, but roughly around INR100 crores or so. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And now if you can also say like in FY '25 as a whole, what was the rate variance 
versus FY '24? And what was the volume growth on an annualized basis in FY '25 versus FY 
'24 in the API segment? 
Adhish Patil: 
Okay. The volume -- the entire annual volume, I don't have it right now. But as far as the 
quarter is concerned, year-on-year March quarter, what we saw that the volume growth in 
domestic market was relatively stable. It wasn't that much. However, we had a very high -- 
almost to the tune of late 20% growth, volume growth in the export market. That is what led 
the entire volume growth of around 15% in this quarter. And the first half of this financial 
year, FY '25, we saw that the export demand was very weak. As we had pointed out, due to the 
elections, the tenders were less. So in general, our export API demand was very weak in the 
first half of FY '25. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Correct. And what about the rate variance? 
Adhish Patil: 
Rate variance, we have seen around minus 4% to 5% year-on-year for the quarter. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
For the quarter. And quarter-on-quarter, it is stable. 
Adhish Patil: 
Quarter-on-quarter is almost stabilized, almost stabilized, hardly 1% or 2% maybe. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. So API segment, basically, we have seen some sort of decline in FY '25. In FY '26 with 
the capacity utilization picking up and also with the demand revival, what kind of growth can 
we anticipate for the entire year? 
Adhish Patil: 
So going forward, we are definitely aiming for a double-digit growth. And we are hoping that 
almost entirely everything should come from the volume growth, not the rate growth. And 
mainly it will be on the account of the new expansion of the new product line, the new 
capacities what we have put up that should drive the growth. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And the rate variance is more or less likely to be stable or it is likely to be in a declining 
stage only versus FY '25? 
Adhish Patil: 
So with respect to FY '25, probably only the first 2 quarters, first 2 quarters, that is the first 
half, I would say, we might see roughly around -- it's a rough estimate around 3% to 4% 
negative rate variance. The second half should not see any negative rate variance. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. Got it. 
Adhish Patil: 
But this quarter -- It all depends if the raw material prices again start going up, if there is a 
movement in crude, then that negative rate variance won't come. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And my second question is on the specialty chemicals. There also, we have done 
brownfield expansion and all. And earlier, we anticipated that the sales potential to reach is 
around more than INR200 crores to INR250 crores in 2 years. So where are we now, we have 
done around INR130 crores for this year. So in next 2 years, will that number be achievable? 
Or you feel there are some challenges over there? 
Adhish Patil: 
So we should be able to achieve that. Now what happened in FY '25 in the mid of the year, we 
took a call -- we were manufacturing one particular chlorosulfonation product in match 
manufacturing mode. We had shifted that to a newer process. But even though the quality 
parameters are matching, but the performance in the performance test, what you call the user 
test, there were some issues in the final application of that product. So that is why we reverted 
back to the batch manufacturing process. 
In fact, we were making a lot of losses in the new process, which were reverted in the mid of 
FY '25. And that also led to the increase in the margin in the second half of FY '25. So -- but 
now we have gone in the batch manufacturing. We have already scaled up to 100. And in this -
- by June quarter, we will be scaling up to 200 tons per month. 
So it is on track. So we will be improving on the spec chem segment going forward. And what 
we feel is that in the view of ongoing tariff war between U.S. and China, it is a spec chem line 
probably where we might have some -- we might get some benefit as far as exports to U.S. is 
concerned. So we would like to explore that area as well. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. Got it. And lastly, on the margins, any guidance, we have already reached now 13.8% in 
this quarter. So for FY '26, we will be able to sustain this 13.8%, 14% and thereafter expansion 
in FY '27? Or you feel that this quarter is more like an aberration benefiting with the multiple 
factors, and we would probably in the range of 12% to 13% in FY '26? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So we did not observe any such specific outlier in this particular quarter. It was purely 
based on good demand volume growth on the API side. So in API side in the stand-alone, API 
plus spec chem and plus intermediates, we were able to clock 14.5% EBITDA margins. So we 
are hoping that in the stand-alone company, we'll be maintaining that at least around 14% to 
15% -- between 14% to 15%, we'll try to maintain. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
And with the scale-up of our salicylic acid plant and reducing the losses over there, it should 
be relatively, I would say, easy to maintain EBITDA margin of 14% to 15% at stand-alone 
level. And for the formulation level, I will -- Vishwa will throw some more light on that. 
Vishwa, can you explain the margins in the formation trend. 
Vishwa Savla: 
Yes, sure. So on the formulation side, that the Pinnacle side also in FY '25, we had a dip in 
sales because of lower production volumes available since we were doing some brownfield 
expansions and also ramping up regulatory audits. But in the current financial year, as we are 
expecting higher volumes and increase of sales of about mid-20% level. So with that, our 
EBITDA level should also be in the range of 14% to 15% in Pinnacle as well. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
So on consol level, we can assume 14% sort of in FY '26 for consolidating both the segments? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes, we'll try to achieve that. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And like you mentioned in formulation, you are saying that you are targeting around 
20% growth. Is it correct, what I heard? 
Vishwa Savla: 
Yes, yes. So we are targeting about between 20% to 25% of revenue growth in formulation. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. I have more questions. I will join back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitesh Dutt from Burman Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I have a question on the ongoing trade war between U.S. and 
China. Just wanted to understand what kind of benefits can it bring for us in terms of 
increasing volume and both better realization for APIs? And have we already started seeing 
some of these trends in terms of increasing prices that you can pass to customers? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So it is, frankly speaking very uncertain because even the U.S. administration is changing 
the policies by making newer and newer deals. So as of now, it is very uncertain to pinpoint 
that where it will be headed towards. But our general sense is that, if Chinese products have 
relatively more tariff than India, let's just say even 10%. So that gives us clearly 10% 
advantage for the pricing of our products. So we become more competitive by 10%, which is 
quite a big margin, frankly speaking, for Indian manufacturers. 
 
Having said that, what trend what we have observed is that for most of the old age molecules, 
the API is being sold to the USFDA formulation facilities, which are outside USA. So it is not 
the API which will face the tariff, but the formulations which will face the tariff. So -- and 
because of that, for API manufacturers, it won't make much of a difference, frankly speaking. 
 
However, the chemical line of business, the spec chem products, maybe some intermediates, 
which are going from China to U.S. directly, there we can have some benefit in terms of 
competencies, and we can get more market share. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Sir, on the last part, do you -- are you referring to intermediates, KSM, etc? And in that case, 
these might also get supplied to, let's say, API manufacturers outside U.S. who would in turn 
supply to formulations manufacturing units outside U.S.? 
Adhish Patil: 
No, no. I'm talking about the customers within the U.S. itself. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Yes, hi. So my question, Adhish, is that I think in the last call and previous calls, we have 
guided 15% plus volume growth in FY '26 and 4%, 5% of negative rate variance in the first 
half because of the higher base in the first half in FY '25. So question here is that this quarter, 
we have done 15% volume growth, and we are scaling up both in Saykha and Tarapur in -- 
going forward. So should we assume that we will continue to grow on a Q4 base from the next 
quarter onwards throughout the FY '26? Is that the right way to look at it? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. Ideally speaking, we should be able to. Q2 would be even easier for us because by that 
time both the facilities should ideally go in full swing. So Q2 will be easier. Q1 also, frankly 
speaking, should benefit from it, because though half of the Q1 is gone, today we are like on 
7th of May. But definitely, the second half of Q1, we'll have the benefit of that expanded 
production from the greenfield projects. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. So my question is, should we consider Q4 as a base in terms of API sales and then 
continue to grow from here quarter-after-quarter as we ramp up? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. The first target would be to maintain such volumes for -- as far as our normal API 
markets are concerned. And the addition of new production lines, the new products itself, that 
will give a further impetus in growth -- overall growth of the company. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. Second question is on the gross margin. So our gross margins have actually not 
expanded or even maybe flattish or slightly lower Q-o-Q. So it's around 35-odd percent. So 
how do we see gross margin trajectory going into FY '26 with all the backward integration and 
better product mix coming in? 
Adhish Patil: 
So as far as the standalone is concerned, yes, definitely, we saw some dip Q-o-Q on gross 
margin front, but that was mainly because we get annual discounts from a few of the vendors 
that was accounted in December quarter. So if I remove that, the gross margins are more or 
less maintained. Definitely, there is a difference of around 0.5% or so, but that also depends on 
product mix and all.  
So more or less, it has stabilized is what we are seeing. And the further way of increasing gross 
margin would be twofold. One is on the sales side, that is by increasing more regulated sales. 
And on the input side, it would be the backward integration, which is happening now. So both 
these factors will also help us improve the gross margins further. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So one thing, Adhish, I'm not able to kind of add up is that we are thinking that next year, our 
gross margin will improve and the sales volume will kind of -- again, capacity utilization will 
improve, volume will go up. So operating leverage will flow through. So ideally, FY '26 our 
margin should be better than what we ended FY '25 -- Q4 FY '25 with. Isn't that the right way 
to look at it? 
Adhish Patil: 
Means, you're talking the annual number what we have achieved in terms of margin or just the 
Q4? 
Dhwanil Desai: 
No, Q4 also I'm saying. 
Adhish Patil: 
As far as the annual number is concerned that is 10 or 12 or something percent that will 
definitely improve by a couple of percent is what we anticipate. So we are targeting around 
14% to 15% and that will be our internal target to -- for EBITDA margins on a console basis. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. Thanks. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Goyal from Axis Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Aman Goyal: 
Good morning, sir. Congratulations for great set of numbers. My first question is related to the 
revenue guidance. Can you guide the revenue for FY '26 and '27? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So frankly speaking, we just taking into account that there might be some 3%, 4% 
negative rate variance in the first half of FY '26. We still are optimistic of achieving a double-
digit growth as far as revenues are concerned on a CAGR basis for next 2 years at least. The 
thing is initially -- our initial target would be to cross INR3,000 crores on an immediate basis. 
And then from there, we will try to reach INR3,500 crores. That is purely based on volumes 
and we are not considering any rate improvement in that. 
Aman Goyal: 
Okay. So sir, basically, this growth will be majorly coming from the API, right? 
Adhish Patil: 
It will come from API as well as it will come from formulations as well. 
Aman Goyal: 
Okay, sir. And the EBITDA margin guidance, if you could -- 14% to 15%, right? 
Adhish Patil: 
14% to 15% is the stable guidance what we are giving here. 
Aman Goyal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. So my first question 
was on, Adhish, you said that the INR622 crores kind of base that we have on the standalone 
basis for the next few quarters, we will try to grow on that because normally Q4 is our best 
quarters if we see historically, it has a relatively high base? 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Adhish Patil: 
So the thing is Q4 is definitely one of the best. And Q2 is also quite decent. So our first target 
would be to maintain this base going forward. Maybe for the existing products and existing 
line, there might be a slight dip here or there, but then the new products will be added, which 
should also give a lot of growth on the overall basis. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. Okay. And I was just reconciling the numbers. If you see next year, we are expecting a 
good double-digit volume growth in our existing business. Our new plants will start and 
hopefully, specialty chemicals will also ramp up. Formulations, we are saying 20%, 25% 
growth. So on a consolidated level, do you think we can target at least 20% kind of revenue 
growth next year? 
Adhish Patil: 
No. Actually, the formulation as of today is around -- roughly around 10%, 12%. So it will 
mainly be on the 10% to 15% kind of growth, 10% to 15% on an overall basis. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So on an overall basis, we're expecting 10% to 15% kind of growth despite new products also 
coming in as well as the expansions also coming in? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. And the second question was on the margins front. You're saying, hopefully, we should 
start seeing some improvement in gross margins also and with volume growth and revenue 
growth coming in. Do you think there can be some benefit of operating leverage, which can 
flow through next year and our margins can be higher than 14%, 15%? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So gross contribution we don't see much of a movement from here on, except there are 
two factors like regulated sales and the backward integration, which both will happen in due 
course of time. So that will -- but that is a little longer. Backward integration will happen much 
quicker in two quarters itself. But the regulated sales, that is a little longer proposition.  
As far as the manufacturing, the other expenses are concerned, which play a big role in 
EBITDA, there in power and fuel we envisage that we might be able to gain around 0.5% 
benefit in EBITDA margins because of improvement in power and fuel because we will be 
going in for renewable electrical units from solar power plant that will drastically reduce our 
power cost. 
And plus we are also going in -- we have already gone for this cogen boiler. So wherein we 
will be producing some amount of electricity, which will be captively consumed. So all put 
together on overall -- on a full year basis, the potential is somewhere between INR25 crores to 
INR30 crores of saving in power and fuel. However, for FY '26, we feel around INR10 crores 
to INR15 crores might -- of benefit might come in this year itself. And from next year 
onwards, it should be around INR25 crores to INR30 crores. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. And the last question was on you said that on an immediate basis, we want to reach 
INR3,000 crores kind of revenue. So FY '27 is the year that we can safely assume that at least 
we should... 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Adhish Patil: 
We will target to that point. 
Ankit Gupta: 
FY '26 seems a bit difficult to achieve is what you're saying, INR3,000 crores revenue? 
Adhish Patil: 
FY '27. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhumika Jain from Desvelado Advisory. 
Bhumika Jain: 
Sir. So my question was that you have mentioned that product under development under the 
product under pipeline. So can you explain which products are you planning to launch in FY 
'26 or in the first quarter of FY '26? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So the major products where we see that our new volumes will come from, one is 
antifungal product, fluconazole. Then we foresee volume growth in metformin as well because 
of the increased production. Plus we see volume expansion in metronidazole because we have 
increased the production from around 245 tons to 330 tons per month. 
 
Then the new products which we are launching, salicylic acid, which we have launched last 
year, but the meaningful contribution is -- will come only in this year. And then there are 2 
other products in methylamines, Monomethylamine and DMA, which we'll be selling outside. 
DMA would be captively consuming. So -- and in formulations, Vishwa, can you highlight 
some of the oncology products? 
Vishwa Savla: 
Yes. So in formulation, we are expecting a few approvals on the diabetic and cardiac products 
in Q1 and Q2 of FY '26. So, on the diabetic like DPP-4 Inhibitors, as well as some of the 
anticoagulant drugs we would be launching. And in the later half of the financial year, we 
would be getting approvals for at least 2 oncology drugs. So we would also plan to launch 
those in -- by end of the financial year in regulated markets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
On the working capital, it can be seen that there is an increase in your receivables days and 
inventory days and creditor days. So if you can explain on that and whether it will remain at 
the same level in next -- for next 2 years? 
Adhish Patil: 
Inventory days actually have improved that way. But debtors definitely looks inflated. If you -- 
the main reason is the increase in the sale in the last quarter. Our debtor cycle is typically 
around 90 days. So if we sell more in the latest quarter, then -- and if you take the first 4 
quarters revenues, then on that number, it looks higher. But if we multiply the Q4 into 4 and 
take that as an annualized sale, then it will look in line. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And it would remain more or less at these levels only if you want to model in for next 
year or so? 
Adhish Patil: 
If we are able to maintain this level of sale, like the stand-alone sale of INR624 crores and the 
consol of INR678 crores per quarter, if we continue that, then it will remain same. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And one question on the Gliptins. What is the update on that? Earlier, we were focusing 
on Vildagliptin exports and Teneligliptin more India-centric. So what is happening over there, 
whether we are able to pick up the sales or not? 
Adhish Patil: 
No, we are not completely able to pick up the sales of Gliptins yet. Whatever Antidiabetic 
growth, what we are showing in our numbers is accounted because of metformin pioglitazone. 
Teneligliptin, we are selling into local markets. Vildagliptin, we are in the process of making 
DMF. 
 
We are further improving the cost, the process of the Vildagliptin, because if we have 
improved process, then we should be able to quickly grab the market of Vildagliptin in export 
market because the pricing has corrected quite a bit in those products. So we have to be very 
much cost competitive to capture the market. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And on -- lastly, on the metformin, currently, I think we are just selling in the other 
emerging markets and India. So in that particular molecule, are we going to target regulated 
markets that is US? And what about -- what is the update on European markets also? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So in metformin, we do have European approval. We have CEP for the product. 
However, the European sales hasn't picked up much. But there are a few other geographies in 
the world, which is semi-regulated. There, we just have got into those markets and the sale is 
improving on a quantity basis for metformin for us in those markets. 
 
So the next target is Europe, because we already have the approval at the plant level. And the 
second target would be making our plant USFDA approved. Our first target was to clear our 
import alert of Tarapur facility, which we have this year. And that gives us a lot of confidence 
to file for USDMF. We are already in the process of making USDMF. So very soon, we'll be 
filing the USDMF and trying to -- and we will try to trigger the USFDA audit for the facility. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanika from Sapphire Capital.  
Sanika: 
Yes. So in one of our interviews, we had said that we are targeting INR4,000 crores of revenue 
by FY '27. So are we still on track for that? 
Adhish Patil: 
No. Actually, yes, we had a target of INR4,000 crores. The only thing is because of the price 
variation, we have revised down that target. So right now, on a pessimistic level, we are 
hoping that we will first reach INR3,000 crores plus by FY '27. And from there on, we will try 
to achieve more and then try to reach INR3,500 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
Adhish Patil: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today on this earnings call. We appreciate for your interest 
in Aarti Drugs Limited. If you have any further queries, please contact SGA, our Investor 
Relations Advisers, or us directly. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Aarti Drugs Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
******* 
