 
 
 
 
 
                                                            Date: 30.05.2025  
 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 506194 
Class of Security: Equity 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: ARIHANTSUP 
Series: EQ 
 
Sub: Earning conference call transcript. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached the Transcript in respect to the Earning Conference call for the quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2025, conducted on May 27, 2025 at 12:00 noon. 
 
The transcript of the conference call can also be accessed at the website of the Company at 
www.asl.net.in 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
 
 
Parth Chhajer 
Whole-time Director 
DIN: 06646333 
 
Parth 
Ashok 
Chhajer
Digitally signed 
by Parth Ashok 
Chhajer 
Date: 2025.05.30 
14:36:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Arihant Superstructures Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 27, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK CHHAJER – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ARIHANT SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED 
 
MR. PARTH CHHAJER – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
ARIHANT SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED 
 
MR. DHIRAJ JOPAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ARIHANT SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MS. KUNJAL AGARWAL – ARIHANT CAPITAL 
MARKETS 

 
 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
of Arihant Superstructures Limited hosted by Arihant Capital Markets Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Kunjal 
Agarwal from Arihant Capital. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Kunjal Agarwal: 
Hello, and good afternoon to everyone. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Ltd., I thank you 
all for joining the Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of Arihant Superstructures Limited. 
Today from the management, we have Mr. Parth Chhajer, the Whole-Time Director; and                        
Mr. Dhiraj Jopat, CFO. 
 
So without any further delay, I would hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Parth Chhajer: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for taking time to join Arihant 
Superstructures Limited conference call to discuss Q4 FY '25 results and business updates. I 
believe you would have gone through the financials and the presentation, which is being filed 
on the exchanges. 
 
Let me first start with briefing you on the financial highlights for the quarter under review. The 
consolidated operating revenue for Q4 FY '25 was INR153 crores against INR161 crores in Q4 
FY '24, which is a Y-o-Y decrease of around 5%. 
 
The total EBITDA for Q4 FY '25 stands at INR22 crores against INR35 crores in Q4 FY '24, 
which is a decrease of 37% on a Y-o-Y basis. The EBITDA margin for Q4 FY '25 stands at 
14.55%. The profit after tax for Q4 FY '25 stood at INR11 crores. 
 
Whereas the full financial year 2025, the operating revenue stood at INR499 crores. The total 
EBITDA stood at INR104 crores and the EBITDA margin reported at 20.91%. The profit after 
tax was totaling INR255 crores. 
 
Now talking about the key operating highlights for this quarter. The company achieved the sales 
bookings of 272 units, which is equivalent 2.49 lakh square feet of area amounting to INR186 
crores in value. The average price per square foot was around INR7,462 per square foot during 
the quarter, which has grown by 20% on a year-on-year basis. The average price per unit sold 
stood at INR68 lakhs for the quarter. And the total collections for the quarter stood at INR139 
crores. 
 
For the financial year, the company achieved total sales bookings of 1,568 units equivalent to 
14.61 lakh square feet of area, which was totaling to a value of INR889 crores. The price per 
square foot during the year stood at INR6,084 per square foot. And the average price per unit 

 
 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
was around INR56.7 lakhs. Total collections for the year stood at INR545 crores, which is an 
8% year-on-year increase. 
 
One of the important metrics in the real estate business is customer collections, which continues 
to remain very healthy for ASL. On the delivery front, in Q4, we achieved occupancy certificate 
for Arihant Aloki Phase III and we are looking forward to many more completions, which will 
add on to the company's legacy in the coming financial year as well. 
 
With almost 307 acres + of land bank in hand and upcoming launches, we are well positioned to 
gain the market share and obviously increase on the high opportunity corridors, which the Navi 
Mumbai MMR region has to offer. We remain confident and committed to addressing the 
evolving aspirations of homebuyers across the entire spectrum. 
 
With this now, I would like to open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Suyash Bhave from Wealth 
Guardian. 
Suyash Bhave: 
Yes. So I had a question on World Villas, which seems we have sold 1 villa in Q4, up from 40 
to 41 units. Any impact as to what kind of -- is there any slowdown as such? And what kind of 
targets do we have, or maybe on a quarterly basis, sales? And how do we view this? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Yes. We agree that quarter 4 was not so good when it came to World Villas sales. Obviously, 
there were external factors, which led to postponing of decisions from the clients. One of them 
was obviously the equity markets having a lot of plunge in the indexes -- indices, sorry, which 
led to decisions being postponed. 
 
But Q1 onwards, we started gaining momentum, and Q2, we'll really be able to cover up a lot 
because majorly this is -- I mean, today, we see a great weather with respect to World Villa sales 
and clients who are going are very much attracted to the greenery and the environmental 
development over there. So we'll be able to cover it up in the next 2 quarters, Q1 and Q2. 
Suyash Bhave: 
All right. So -- and in terms of competition specifically for World Villas, not our overall project 
as such, do we have -- are there any other competing projects of a similar size or quality or scale 
as World Villas in that area? Any insight on that? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So at our product level, there is no direct competition. Everybody, whoever is making villas also, 
their villas are below par to what we are making and to what our designs are. Ours is a very 
unique concept where we are having almost 390 villas spread across 63 acres. And along with 
that, there's a Gymkhana of 2 lakh square feet spread on 10.5 acres of land and adjoining to it is 
also a 5-star hotel of 225 rooms. So our configuration is quite unique, which is helping us to 
distinguish ourselves also from the others. And we are very much confident. 
 
The work has progressed for the Gymkhana wherein we are able to come out of the plant level 
also by today. So things are progressing very well. And we are also working on the infrastructure 
development for the project. 

 
 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
Suyash Bhave: 
All right. And what I see from Q4 is that I think this is the first time we have crossed average 
price per square feet our ticket size of INR7,000 mark as in this year, we are at INR7,462 per 
square feet. Is it because there was some higher contribution from premium? Or has there been 
an overall uptick in prices across all the segments as in can you give the share as to affordable 
and premium? And what is driving this higher price? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Yes. So we saw great sales happening -- or sorry, better sales happening at Arihant Advika. We 
sold around 23 units, which is around INR53 crores in value. So that led to the price per square 
foot going above INR7,000, which is for the first time it has happened for -- in the company's 
history. 
 
So going forward, more contribution will come from premium. So our average pricing, which is 
at a year-on-year basis around INR6,000 will shoot up to INR6,500, INR6,700 in the coming 
quarters. 
Suyash Bhave: 
Okay. So on an annual basis, that will be the new range that we can look at, as in INR6,500 or 
so. 
Parth Chhajer: 
Correct. 
Suyash Bhave: 
Okay. And regarding guidance as in we have long been given 20% CAGR across the board for 
whether it's presales revenue, EBITDA or PAT. So are we sticking to that for the coming year? 
As in are we seeing -- considering that as for this year, we were not able to, but I'm assuming if 
you can give some insights into what factors are causing the slowdown? And are we going to 
stick to the guidance for FY '26 as well? 
Parth Chhajer: 
We'll stick to the guidance of 20%, 25% growth. This year, why we couldn't achieve it is because 
few of our projects are stuck in the environmental clearances, which is having a stay from the 
Supreme Court of India since 1 year, which impacted the start of construction for all the projects. 
To name a few, Arihant Anaika, Arihant World Villas, Arihant Avanti. So these projects are still 
awaiting the clearance. So due to that, no revenues could be booked or no revenues could be 
triggered. 
 
Apart from environmental clearance, we also put in a lot of investments in land over the last 2 
years to the tune of around INR300 crores so -- wherein this was all investments without any 
fundraising. All the money that came in for -- which is the INR300 crores has come through 
internal accruals and debt. 
 
So to service the debt also, the interest costs have been booked in the P&L, which resulted in a 
decline in the total PBT. Apart from that, we also have hired good professionals from -- for the 
sales and the engineering departments, which has increased our employee cost as well. 
 
So due to these factors, we were unable to achieve the PAT growth that we had envisaged in the 
beginning of the year. But we are confident that we'll be able to cover it up in the coming 

 
 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
financial years because the new sales and new projects that have been acquired are having good 
margins, healthy margins, and we'll be able to make up for that. 
Suyash Bhave: 
All right. Sir, just one last question. For FY '26, which would be the key projects that you would 
see are driving sales? 
Parth Chhajer: 
With respect to presales, key projects will continue to be again Advika -- yes. So with respect to 
presales, Arihant Advika at Vashi, the World Villas at Chowk, Arihant Aalishan in Kharghar, 
Arihant Aspire and Arihant Avanti. These will contribute at large with respect to presales in 
terms of value. 
 
And in the P&L, we should see contributions coming from Arihant Aalishan, Arihant Aspire, 
Arihant Advika. These 3 projects will contribute at large apart from the other ongoing projects 
in which many of them are nearing completion for the coming financial year, which is the 
affordable housing category, basically. 
Suyash Bhave: 
Okay. Okay. So affordable will probably be a driver for FY '26. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Urmish Shah from Moneywisers. 
Urmish Shah: 
Actually, the previous participant has answered most of the questions. But I just have one 
question for this quarter. Our margins have declined -- I expect -- I know that the revenue has 
been declined, but margins have shrunk considerably. Any reason for that, year-on-year? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Margins coming down. The main reason for that is the interest cost increasing and also the 
employee cost increasing. So that has led to the decrease in the margin. So whatever new projects 
we acquired in the last 2 years, we've already set the teams for that for execution and 
implementation for those projects. 
 
So that cost is already incurred in the last year, which will give us fruits in the coming years. 
And the amount of funds that has come in, the servicing of interest is also to be done. So that 
led to the decrease in the margin. 
Urmish Shah: 
Okay. And what will be -- you said that the INR7,000 per square feet will be around the range 
that we look forward for FY '26-'27, right? 
Parth Chhajer: 
It will be around INR6,500, INR6,700 on average so -- on a year-on-year basis. So this year, we 
did INR6,084 per square feet, which we expect it to go to around INR6,500 on a total financial 
year basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kriya Agarwal from -- who is an individual investor. 
Kriya Agarwal: 
Can you break down the pricing... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, ma'am, but your voice is low. Can you... 

 
 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Kriya Agarwal: 
Can you break down the pricing across key micro markets like Panvel, Taloja and Kharghar? 
And how you expect the blended realization to evolve in FY '26? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Can you just repeat your second question? 
Kriya Agarwal: 
How you expect the blended realization to evolve in FY '26? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Okay. So I'll just break up the prices that we are selling on average today. So at Panvel, we have 
Arihant Aspire, which is our project. We are selling at around INR7,100 per square foot on 
saleable area, which is translating to around INR11,500 on carpet area. So that's the price we are 
able to achieve on an average basis today. 
 
For Taloja, we have prices across the projects ranging from INR4,800 to INR5,200. So average 
is around INR5,000 in Taloja on saleable basis, which means INR8,250 on carpet. In Kharghar, 
we are able to achieve prices of around INR8,600 per day on saleable, which is translating to 
around INR14,000 on carpet. 
 
So these are the prices ongoing for our projects today. How the price trends could be on a blended 
basis for the next year, we expect at least 5% to 7% increase in the prices for these locations 
because these are the hot destinations today. These destinations command the largest supply and 
also have the highest sales and very close to the airport. The infrastructure that is to be done, the 
ATAL-SETU and the metros and all are already operational. And the airport opening in the next 
2, 3 months will have a significant impact in the sales. So we see good price lift also happening 
in these 3 micro markets. 
Kriya Agarwal: 
Sir, will you the funding the marketing for World Villas? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Will I be funding? 
Kriya Agarwal: 
Marketing spending for World Villas. 
Parth Chhajer: 
We'll be continuing the marketing spend for World Villas, the way it has happened last year. So 
we are able to take up price hikes over there, and we'll continue to do the strong marketing and 
have the presence that is required. So visibility is very important for this kind of a project, and 
we'll continue to do that. 
Kriya Agarwal: 
Okay. Sir, so any presale guidance for current year and project pipeline for the FY '26, also the 
capex plan? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So we want to keep it restricted, say, and be very conservative about it. We expect to grow at 
20%, 25%, but there should be surprises. And with respect to capex for construction, our target 
is to do construction of around INR650 crores for the financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhant Mayecha from Tusk Investments. 
Siddhant Mayecha: 
Could you throw some light on the launches, any new launches that are planned for FY '25? 

 
 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Parth Chhajer: 
So we have phased -- new phase launches for FY '26 for the existing projects. So one of them is 
at Arihant Avanti in Shilphata where we'll be opening the third tower. There's also more launches 
planned -- lined up in Arihant Aspire Panvel, which is also one of our largest projects. So we 
expect approvals for that by August, and in Q3, we can plan -- Q2 or Q3 and we can plan up a 
launch. 
 
Apart from that, Arihant Aloki at Kharghar, that's lined up for the last 2 towers. Arihant Anmol 
at Badlapur also, there are 2 more buildings to be completed over there. So we expect to launch 
these future phases of these projects in this coming year. 
Siddhant Mayecha: 
Got it. And just one last question from my end. For the World Villas, we had mentioned where 
we are currently ongoing some environmental clearance issues, right? So what's kind of the time 
line on that? And how does that impact revenue recognition? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So we expect it to be cleared by, say, Q2 or maybe October, basically, which is Q3. So once that 
is done, recognition can start in 1 or max 2 quarters. So we expected that recognition should 
happen from Q4 of FY '26. So fingers crossed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh, an Individual Investor. 
Harsh: 
Yes. So I wanted to ask so as you mentioned that last year we acquired a lot of land. So -- and 
that was funded through internal accruals in debt, which has resulted in our debt rising. So what 
is the debt-to-equity ratio that the company is comfortable with? And in future, if for any 
expansion would you consider fundraising? Or would you be more comfortable with raising 
more debt? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So as of now, we are at around INR685 crores of net debt and we'll be comfortable with the debt 
going to around INR750 crores, INR800 crores. So out of this INR685 crores, INR300 crores is 
unsecured loans, which is payable when and able. So balance the net debt, which is secured debt 
is only INR385 crores. So we'll be comfortable to sustain the secured debt to around INR500 
crores. So that is comfortably manageable. 
 
Also, the debt coming forward is going to be utilized for majorly the annuity assets that we are 
creating, which is the Gymkhana and the hotel. So that is where the new debt will be utilized 
going forward. 
 
With respect to more acquisitions. So we have not lined up many more acquisitions in this 
coming financial year. We feel we have enough land now to execute and implement the projects, 
which can give out good, positive cash flows to the company over the next 2 to 3 years. So 
limited investments will happen towards land acquisitions in FY '26 at least. 
Harsh: 
Right. Okay, sir. Got it. And another question was with respect to the environmental clearance 
that you mentioned. So what I wanted to understand is until we get any environmental clearance 
on the project, so the construction activity is also halted for the period of time? Or we can go 
ahead with the construction and just the revenue recognition delays? 

 
 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Parth Chhajer: 
So the construction is halted till we get the clearance, although sales is happening. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Kriya Agarwal, an Individual Investor. 
Kriya Agarwal: 
Sir, what is the planning for Town Villas? 
Parth Chhajer: 
We are in the design stage at the moment for Town Villas, and it should take another 1 year for 
it to start. So it's all FY '27 onwards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suyash Bhave from Wealth Guardian. 
Suyash Bhave: 
Yes. So regarding this Supreme Court clear -- environment clearance. So is it like a blanket ban 
as in no more clearances are to be granted? Or have they made the process more stringent such 
that the clearance time line increases? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So there is a stay on certain locations. I mean, entire MMR is affected because any property, 
which is in a 5-kilometer radius, from any eco-sensitive zone, the mangrove park or a forest or 
a wetland area or a flamingo area or any other eco-sensitive zone. So 5-kilometer radius is all 
having a stay as on today, which we expect that it should be overturned over the next 2, 3 months. 
 
So it's just a matter of time now because the CREDAI as a body has been representing also the 
entire fraternity, and they are very much confident that they'll have this in the favor of all the 
developers going forward. But yes, many new projects in MMR are stuck wherever the buildup 
area is more than 20,000 square meters. 
Suyash Bhave: 
So maybe on an average across our portfolio, our total GDV of INR12,500-odd crores, 
approximately how much would be affected by this -- is currently affected by this? 
Parth Chhajer: 
2,600 Crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anukool from InVed. 
Anukool: 
I wanted to know what will be the sustainable EBITDA margins going forward? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Yes, we should be able to sustain at around 24%, 25% in the coming quarters once the new 
projects start contributing, which we have acquired over the last 2 years. They will have higher 
EBITDA margins. So then we expect it to grow around 26%, 27% once those projects also start 
contributing to the revenue. 
Anukool: 
Okay, sir. 24%, 25% is for Q1 is what you're guiding? 
Parth Chhajer: 
No, I'm not saying Q1. We expect the whole financial year to be that way. We cannot comment 
on any quarter because real estate is not a quarterly business. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Kunjal Agarwal for closing comments. 

 
 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Kunjal Agarwal: 
Thank you to the management and participants for joining the Q4 FY '25 Conference Call of 
Arihant Superstructures Limited. I will now hand over the call to the management for the closing 
remarks. 
Parth Chhajer: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the earnings call. I hope you were able to get all the answers 
to your satisfaction. If you have any further questions or would like to know more about the 
company, feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations team at Valorem Advisors. And you 
can also contact our finance department and our CFO, and they will be happy to take it forward. 
And we also thank Arihant Capital for hosting the call as well. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Ltd., that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
