 
 
 May 28, 2025 
 
The Secretary, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001. 
 
Scrip Code: 540975 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051. 
 
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025 
Reg: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
This is further to our earlier letter regarding Video/ Audio recordings of Earnings call of the 
Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 205, held on May 21, 2025, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of the said Earnings call. 
 
The same is also made available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.in/investors/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts 
 
Kindly take the above said information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
Hemish Purushottam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. A24331 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HEMISH 
PURUSHOTTA
M
Digitally signed by 
HEMISH PURUSHOTTAM 
Date: 2025.05.28 
15:23:34 +05'30'

 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
Q4 and Full Year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Aster Management: 
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director 
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Anoop Moopen – Non-Executive Director 
Dr. Zeba Moopen – Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Ramesh Kumar – Chief Operating Officer   
Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha – Chief Investor Relations & M&A Officer 
 
 
QCIL Management:  
        Mr. Varun Khanna – Group Managing Director 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
 Mr. Puneet Maheshwari – Lead - Investor Relations 
 

2 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you to Aster DM Healthcare 
Earnings conference call for the fourth quarter of FY25. Company declared 
the Q4 and full year results for FY24-25. With us we have the senior 
management of Aster DM Healthcare namely Ms. Alisha Moopen, Deputy 
Managing Director, Mr. T J Wilson, Non-Executive Director, Mr. Anoop 
Moopen, Non-Executive Director, Dr. Zeba Moopen, Non-Executive 
Director, Mr. Ramesh Kumar, Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Sunil Kumar, 
Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha, Chief Investor Relations 
& M&A Officer. We are also delighted to have Mr. Varun Khanna, Group 
MD of Quality Care. Mr. Khanna is here solely in the capacity of a 
representative of Quality Care to give insights into business and future 
plans of Quality Care, the entity which is in process to get merged with 
Aster DM Healthcare. It is to be noted that merger is subject to further 
regulatory approvals. 
 
All external attendees will be in listen mode only for the duration of the 
entire call. We will start the call with opening remarks by the management, 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. Certain forward-looking 
statements may be discussed in the meeting are subject to certain risks 
and uncertainties like government actions, local, political or economic 
developments, technological risks and many other factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially. Aster DM Healthcare Limited will not be 
in any way responsible for any action taken based on such statements and 
undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking 
statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. With this, I will 
now request Ms. Alisha Moopen to start with opening remarks. Over to 
you, Ms. Alisha. 
Alisha Moopen:                    
Thank you, Puneet. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining 
our Q4 and full year FY25 earnings call. Financial year 2025 has been a year 
of continued and significant strategic progress for Aster DM Healthcare, 
starting with the demerger of the GCC entity and then ending with the 
linking of the Quality Care merger, which is in progress. We remain 
focused on execution, efficiency, and building a strong foundation for a 
long-term value creation. Our overall business recorded a 12% revenue 
growth reaching INR 4,138 crores in full year FY25. This was driven by a 
7% increase in in-patient volume and a 12% year-on-year increase in 
ARPOB, with an improvement in ALOS by 6%, reflecting much better 
clinical protocols.  
 We have successfully reduced the Average Length of Stay due to several   
key initiatives, which includes preponing the discharges through third-
party application for TPA patients, improving the admission management 
of elective cases, higher number of targeted therapies in medical 
oncology, and increased minimally invasive and robotic surgeries that 
enable quicker recoveries. Additionally, a reduction in scheme-based 
admissions have also contributed to shorter hospital stays, all of which 
have collectively improved efficiency as well as the ALOS.  
Operating EBITDA grew by 30% reaching INR 806 crores, with EBITDA 
margins expanding to 19.5% in FY25, up from 16.8% just a year ago. This 
improvement was driven by ongoing cost discipline, operational 
efficiencies, and enhanced EBITDA performance from our lab business. 
We also reduced material cost, which is excluding the wholesale 

3 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
pharmacy, to 20.9% of revenue from 22% in FY24, reflecting much 
stronger procurement and pricing controls. 
Our normalized PAT, excluding the NCI, excluding exceptional one-off 
items such as the project unity cost of the merger, rose 49% to INR 357 
crores, aided by improved operational leverage and higher other income 
related to the GCC business restructuring. Now coming to the Q4 
performance. During Q4 FY25, we witnessed revenue reaching INR 1,000 
crores, up by 2% year-on-year, factoring revenue impact in the Kerala 
cluster, primarily due to a full month impact of Ramadan in March, a lesser 
day in February, and lower international patient volumes. 
But despite having a modest revenue growth in Q4 FY25, overall operating 
EBITDA has grown by 16% year-on-year, and operating EBITDA margin has 
reached 19.3% in Q4 FY25, which is up from 17.1% just a year ago. While 
focusing on profitability, we also strategically exited loss-making segments 
in our wholesale pharmacy business.  
We have delivered strong double-digit growth in our key operating 
regions, Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster, which grew by an impressive 
16%, and the Andhra and Telangana cluster by 11% in Q4 on a YoY basis.  
These results reinforce the strength of our co-operations and strategic 
focus in high-performing markets. We have strengthened the Kerala 
leadership team by onboarding experienced professionals who bring 
renewed focus and execution strength. On the MVT front, we are actively 
re-engaging with partners in key geographies and expanding our outreach 
into newer markets such as Africa and Southeast Asia by a more structured 
digital engagement strategy and an enhanced referral partner network. 
Based on this momentum and leadership team firmly in place, we 
anticipate a return to normal growth patterns over the next few quarters.  
We remain confident in the long-term potential of the Kerala cluster and 
view this phase as a short-term correction with a broader trajectory of 
sustainable growth. Now moving to our core business of hospitals and 
clinics, our hospital business continues to perform well with operating 
EBITDA margin improving to 21.9% in FY25, up from 19.5% last year. 
Specifically, our mature hospitals, those that have been operational for 
more than six years, have expanded their EBITDA margin to 24.3% in FY25, 
up from 22.4% a year ago with the return of capital employed of 34%. 
Our strategic focus on a well-diversified specialty mix ensures that no 
single specialty accounts for more than 15% of the total revenue. This 
enhances our resilience and strengthens our long-term growth prospects 
in the healthcare sector. Moving to some of the new businesses, such as 
labs and pharmacy, as of March 31st, 2025, we have 262 labs and patient 
experience centers and 203 Aster Pharmacy branded retail stores. Our lab 
business has demonstrated a strong performance, achieving 12% year-on-
year growth of revenue in FY25, while maintaining a positive EBITDA 
margin of around 8% post-break-even in Q4 FY24. 
While focusing on profitability, we have also taken a very strategic 
initiative to exit a few loss-making segments in the wholesale pharmacy 
business during the year. Moving to our CAPEX plan for the future, our 
expansion plans at Aster DM Healthcare are multifaceted and ambitious, 
designed to further solidify our position as a leading healthcare provider 
in India. Apart from our recent merger announcement with Quality Care 
India Limited, we are also focusing on both organic and inorganic 
strategies to drive further growth. Over the past year, we've added around 

4 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
300 beds, including 100 beds in MIMS Kannur and 100 beds at Aster 
Medcity, bringing our total capacity to 5,159 beds as of March 31, 2025. 
We are significantly strengthening our presence in South India through 
strategic capacity expansion of the 2,100 plus beds year mark for India 
expansion. In Bengaluru, Aster will add a total of 939 beds, including 350 
beds at Aster CMI hospitals, another 159 beds at Aster Whitefield, and 430 
beds at the newly announced fourth hospital on Sarjapur Road, with 300 
beds expected by H2 of FY27 and the remaining 130 beds by FY29. 
Strategically located in the fast-growing Sarjapur corridor, the new 
hospital strengthens our presence with Bengaluru's expanding IT hub and 
enhances our citywide coverage across key zones. 
 
With this addition, Aster's total bed capacity in Bangalore will exceed 
2,000 beds, reinforcing our position among the top three healthcare 
providers in the city for the future. In Kerala, we will add 818 beds over 
the next three years with two major greenfield projects, Aster Kasargod, a 
264-bed hospital, and Aster Capital in Trivandrum, a 454-bed facility, and 
in Hyderabad, a 300-bed state of the art Women and Children Hospital are 
planned to be commissioned.  
 
Now moving to the update on the merger, under the proposed merger 
with Blackstone-backed QCIL. We have achieved some key milestones 
over the last quarter. Shareholders have approved the preferential 
issuance of shares. The CCI have granted the approval. We have also 
completed a strategic share swap: Aster acquired a 5% stake in QCIL in 
exchange for a 3.6% preferential allotment. The transaction now awaits 
final regulatory clearances, including approvals from the stock exchanges 
and the NCLT, and it is expected to be complete by Q4 FY26. 
 
Through the merger with Aster DM Healthcare, the combined entity will 
emerge as one of India's top three hospital networks, with 38 hospitals 
and over 10,300 beds across 27 cities. For FY25, the combined entity 
reported a pro forma revenue of 8,105 crores and an adjusted EBITDA of 
1,661 crores, translating to a healthy EBITDA margin of 20.5%. 
                                                                Aster and QCIL each contributed meaningfully to this performance, and 
this complementary financial profile not only enhances margin visibility 
but also strengthens the long-term resilience of the entire platform. As we 
move forward into integration planning, one of the key synergies that we 
anticipate from the merger lies in the procurement and the supply chain 
optimization. Leveraging the purchasing power of the combined entity will 
enable better supply terms, cost efficiencies, and streamlined inventory 
management, ultimately reducing material costs and boosting margins. 
Operational integration will further strengthen our clinical capabilities and 
through the sharing of pooled medical expertise and combined 
infrastructure to improve patient care and enhance revenue potential.  
Additionally, the expanded scale will support investments in advanced 
technologies and digital platforms, driving innovation, improving patient 
experience, and creating long-term value for all stakeholders.  
Coming to the promoter’s pledge, in line with our strategy, the promoters 
of Aster DM Healthcare have successfully reduced their pledge from 99% 
to 41% after completing a debt refinancing transaction with top tier global 
financial institution. This is a testament to our financial strength as 
promoters.  
Moving on to exciting digital initiatives, I'm happy and pleased to inform 
that we have now rolled out Aster Health app across Aster units in Kerala, 

5 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Karnataka, Telangana, and Maharashtra in the first phase of deployment. 
Further, we plan to integrate the services of hospitals, labs and 
pharmacies and going live with full in-hospital digitization and 
personalized care. By leveraging data-driven insights, these initiatives will 
not only expand our patient funnel but also enhance lifetime patient value 
and clinical outcomes. Ultimately, this robust digital ecosystem will help 
in driving sustainable growth as well as delivering superior value to our 
patients and stakeholders.  
We are very proud to share some of our recent recognitions during the 
financial year FY25. We are honored that Dr. Azad Moopen, our founder 
and chairman, received the prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award from 
AKMG (Association of Kerala Medical Graduates), recognizing his visionary 
leadership and contributions to global healthcare. 
Also, he was awarded the Global Entrepreneur of the Year at the second 
ET Entrepreneur Summit and Awards. It is also a moment of great pride 
that Aster DM Healthcare has earned the prestigious Great Place to Work 
certification. We also had Aster MIMS in Kozhikode making history by 
becoming India's first hospital to receive the prestigious comprehensive 
stroke center accreditation from AHA. We were also honored at the 
ASSOCHAM awards, winning the title of the best multi-specialty hospitals 
as a group. 
Additionally, Aster DM Foundation was recognized as the first runner up 
for best CSR excellence in healthcare.  
In conclusion, as Aster embarks on this transformative journey through 
this merger with QCIL, we extend our sincere gratitude to our stakeholders 
for their unwavering trust and continued support. 
The strategic merger represents a significant milestone, establishing Aster 
as one of India's top three hospital chains operating 38 hospitals, with over 
10,300 beds nationwide. It significantly expands our geographic footprint, 
especially across South and Central India while unlocking operational 
synergies under a robust governance structure. With a dedicated 
commitment to quality, accessibility and patient-centered care, Aster DM 
Healthcare is well-positioned to accelerate growth, operational 
excellence, and continued innovation.  
I now invite our COO, Mr. Ramesh Kumar, to further elaborate on the 
cluster-wide performance. Thank you all. 
Ramesh Kumar:  
Thank you, Ms. Alisha. Very good afternoon to everyone. I'm really excited 
to provide you an overview of our cluster performance for the FY25. We 
have witnessed a continued growth and improved operational efficiency 
across all our regions during this year. And I'd like to provide a few 
highlights around the same. 
 
Starting with Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster, this cluster has 
demonstrated significant progress with a total bed capacity of 1,479 beds 
and 1,014 beds operational census beds. Occupancy has improved by 90 
basis points year on year, rising from 61% to 62% in FY25. Especially when 
it comes to revenue for Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster, it grew 
impressively by 28% year on year, reaching 1,408 crores in FY25, 
compared to 1,100 crores in FY24. 
The operating EBITDA also surged by 48% to INR 321 crores in FY25, 
climbing from INR 217 crores in FY24. Our operating EBITDA margin 
expanded to 28.8% in FY25, up from 19.7% in the previous year. This 

6 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
performance underscores our commitment to enhancing the profitability 
while expanding services, particularly through high-end treatments, 
hospital like Aster CMI, and especially at Aster Whitefield in Bengaluru. 
Witnessing the growth of quality healthcare offering in Bengaluru, we 
have announced the fourth hospital at Sarjapur with a total capacity of 
430 beds in two phases, with a primary focus on Onco care. With this 
addition, Aster's total capacity in Bengaluru will be exceeding 2,000 beds, 
reinforcing our position among the top three health care providers in the 
city for the future.  
Turning into the Kerala cluster, this cluster with a total bed capacity of 
2,633 beds and 1,974 operational census beds exhibited the occupancy 
rate at 71%. Financially, the Kerala cluster posted a revenue growth of 5% 
reaching INR 2,108 crores in FY25, up from INR 2,007 crores in FY24. 
Operating EBITDA grew by 15% year-on-year to 493 crores in FY25, with 
the margins improving from 21.4% in FY24 to 23.4% in FY25. Highlighting 
our effective cost management and focus on operational efficiency, 
revenue growth in Kerala cluster was impacted by the month-long 
Ramadan and the short February month compared to the previous years. 
 
Advancing in Andhra and Telangana clusters, the total bed capacity stands 
at 1,047 with 781 operational census beds. Performance improved 
notably with occupancy rate rising by 460 basis point from 50% in FY24 to 
54% in FY25. Revenue for the cluster grew by 15% reaching INR 473 crores 
in FY25, up from 412 crores in FY24.  
Operating EBITDA rose sharply by 45%, moving from INR 41 crore in FY24 
to INR 60 crores in FY25, with the margin strengthening from 10% to 
12.7%, underscoring our strategic growth and efficiency improvements. 
Looking ahead, we remain confident to maintain our growth momentum 
by prioritizing operational excellence, broadening our reach and staying 
committed to delivering exceptional care. We are very well positioned to 
continue building on the positive trajectory.  
Now I request our CFO, Mr. Sunil, to elaborate more on our financial 
performance. Thank you very much. 
Sunil Kumar:  
Thank you, Mr. Ramesh. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to share 
Aster DM Healthcare's financial performance for FY25, a year in which 
efficiency has been the central theme of our strategic execution. 
 
We ended the year with a robust 12% revenue growth, with the top line 
increasing from INR 3,699 crore in FY24 to INR 4,138 crore in FY25. This 
growth reflects not just scale but quality and resilience in our revenue 
streams. We rolled out revenue assurance initiatives across units and also 
undertook a reduction in low margin scheme business, enhancing the 
overall quality of revenue. ARPOB increased by 12% driven by multiple 
levers, a 6% improvement in ALOS, strong growth from Aster Whitefield 
Hospital and impressive performance across key specialties such as 
oncology, neurosciences and cardiology. The reduction in ALOS is a result 
of both strategic and operational changes, including a shift in case mix, a 
streamlined discharge process, enabling by a third-party partner, and 
increased use of minimal invasive and robotic procedures and targeted 
therapies, which have significantly reduced patient recovery times. 
On the profitability front, our operating EBITDA grew by 30%, increasing 
from INR 620 crores to INR 806 crores, with a 270 basis point margin 
improvement from 16.8% to 19.5%. This performance is a result of 
relentless focus on cost efficiency. One of the key contributors was the 

7 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
significant improvement in material cost management. Material cost, 
excluding wholesale pharmacy, is a percentage of revenue, declined from 
25.3% in FY20 to 20.9% in FY25.  
This is a direct outcome of our disciplined procurement practices, 
centralized vendor negotiations and optimized usage of consumers. We 
have further streamlined our manpower cost by approximately 70 basis 
points within key functional areas. This has been achieved by enhancing 
the span of control, allowing us to manage teams more efficiently and 
reduce supervisory layers, ultimately improving organization productivity 
and cost effectiveness. We also implemented measures to rationalize 
overhead costs, including consolidation of services, non-medical 
consumables through centralized procurement. A standard development 
this year has been the exceptional turnaround in our lab business. 
 
 This segment has moved from negative EBITDA of INR 9 crore last year to 
a positive EBITDA of INR 10 crore this year has been the exceptional turn 
around in our lab business. This transformation reflects our focused 
approach towards operational efficiency, scale up in volumes and a lean 
cost structure. Our wholesale pharmacy business also underwent a 
strategic shift. We chose to exit a loss-making operation through 
outsourcing, which resulted in a temporary dip in revenue growth. 
However, this decision has made with a clear view to restore profitability. 
We are confident that this will lead to a profitable turnover in wholesale 
pharmacy segment starting Q1 FY26. From a capital allocation standpoint, 
FY25 was also a year of efficient deployment. We have made a capital 
expenditure investment of INR 342 crores while maintaining our gross 
debt at lower levels than the last year at INR 642 crores. 
We continue to operate from a net cash position of INR 739 crores, leaving 
for reinforcing our strong balance sheet. Our upcoming organic expansion 
includes over 2,100 beds, which will increase our total network capacity 
to 7,300 beds. I want to highlight that this expansion will be funded 
through internal accruals and existing cash reserves without putting 
pressure on our balance sheet. 
Furthermore, we are pleased to report an improvement of over 300 basis 
points in ROCE, from 16.4% in the last year to 19.5% in the current year. 
Most notably, our core hospitals now operate at ROCE of over 25%. To 
summarize, FY25 has been a defining year in Aster DM's growth journey, 
driven by efficiency across every dimension of the business, from revenue 
improvements and margin expansion to the turnaround of previously loss-
making segments. We have laid a solid foundation for future growth. As 
we move into FY26, we are confident of building on this momentum with 
the same discipline and focus. On that note, I conclude my remarks.  
Now I request Mr. Varun Khanna to take you through the performance of 
Quality Care India Limited. Thank you.  
Varun Khanna: 
Thank you, Sunil, and thank you all for joining today's meeting. As you 
know, Aster and Quality Care are embarking on a transformative merger, 
bringing together two leading healthcare organizations to create one of 
the 
country's 
largest 
and 
most 
distinguished 
medical institutions.  
 
Over the next few minutes, I'll try and cover three key aspects, a brief 
recap of Quality Care, our vision, and the initiatives that we have to 
achieve it, and our recent performance. While we've discussed some of 
these points before, I'd like to provide additional context on QCIL and its 

8 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
latest developments. 
Quality Care is a leading healthcare platform in India, operating under 
three trusted brands, Care, KIMS Health, and Evercare. Ranked amongst 
the top five hospital chains, we have a network of 19 hospitals and seven 
medical centers, offering 4,000+ operational beds across 14 cities and 10 
states. Our financial strength reflects our solid foundation. Annual 
revenues exceed INR 39 billion, with strong profitability and EBITDA 
margins above 20%. More than 55% of our case mix consists of complex, 
high equity treatments supported by 2,500 highly skilled consultants. 
All facilities are NABH accredited, with one achieving the prestigious JCI 
accreditation, reinforcing our commitment to quality care. Last year, we 
defined a five-year strategy focused on transformational and structured 
advancements. Our goal is to enhance service delivery, clinical outcomes, 
commercial operations, and digital transformation, and all of this while 
expanding our network. To drive this strategy forward, we have 
assembled top industry talent from diverse backgrounds to foster a 
collaborative and growth-oriented culture. 
Over the past year, we welcomed eight senior level leaders, including our 
group CFO, CTO, and CHRO, key appointments that will strengthen our 
leadership foundation. In terms of network expansion, we are on track to 
add 1,200 new beds over the next three years, a 25% increase in capacity. 
We are expanding our cancer footprint to six additional centers during the 
next six to eight quarters, managing the need gap in our micro markets.  
Additionally, we are making significant strides in digital transformation, 
including the launch of our call center, CRM, single ERP, digital patient 
channels, and multiple tools to improve patient service delivery. This year, 
we embarked on prioritizing our Synergy Wheel with five key Synergy 
initiatives, which will contribute INR 50 to 60 crores in EBITDA, with INR 
20 crores as run rate for Q4 FY25. As we complete the merger, scale will 
bring significant Synergy savings, which we will share in due course. On 
the performance front, despite significant investments in talent and 
technology, 
Quality Care delivered strong financial growth in 2025. Revenue increased 
by 12% year on year, EBITDA rose by 14%. In Q4 FY25, the revenue growth 
was 12% compared to Q4 FY24, while EBITDA grew 16% due to the impact 
of our strategic initiatives. 
These results were primarily driven by 10% growth in inpatient ARPOB, 
fueled by a higher surgical complexity, particularly in the field of oncology, 
cardiology, and orthopedics. Procurement strategies that contributed to 
an additional realization in Q4 with full potential expected next year. 
Comparative pricing adjustments which had a marginal impact in late Q4 
but are expected to drive a full year benefit in FY26. Clinical advancements 
remain a priority. Over the past three quarters, we strengthened our 
clinical complexity by introducing robotic surgery programs, enhanced 
super-specialized oncology centers, interventional neuro, and more, 
fostering cross-learning across our hospitals.  
Our teams also demonstrated exceptional resilience in navigating complex 
challenges, managing political instability in Bangladesh, overcoming 
operational disruptions from the revamp of four hospitals within our 
network, 
ensuring 
swift 
response 
and 
strong 
cross-functional 
coordination to maintain continuity, and merging and optimizing three 

9 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
market-leading brands and operations across India and Bangladesh. 
For a simpler understanding of the network, I've broken it down into 
certain cohorts, which is four hospital groups, mature and established, 
because each one of them would need a tailored strategy. Mature and 
established, which is hospitals like Trivandrum, Dhaka, Bhubaneswar, 
Raipur, it gave us a 14% YoY revenue growth and 22% EBITDA growth. The 
strategy here is expansion and we are focused on adding more beds. 
Emerging units, which is the likes of Nagercoil, Chattogram, Vizag, 78% YoY 
revenue growth and they're all ramping up extremely well. 
Renewed strategy, which is largely the Hyderabad cluster, which had a flat 
growth this year, but the turnaround initiatives have already been 
launched. A new DMS for doctor relationship, leadership changes across 
the network, cost optimizations, and lastly, infrastructure upgrade. In fact, 
Banjara, our flagship facility, will see a relaunch in this quarter. The 
expected full year impact will be seen in the upcoming quarters for the 
renewed strategic focus cluster.  
Other focus units like Alshifa, Kottayam, Kollam, Nampally, we saw a 
revenue growth of 12%. And the strategy is to enhance our case mix and 
ARPOB for the improvement. Looking ahead, we are committed to 
advancing our clinical outcomes, complexity and patient-centered care. 
With strong momentum across the organization, we remain focused to 
becoming the most impactful healthcare provider in the country. Thank 
you. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thank you, Varun. Dear participants, during the Q&A session, you will get 
a chance to ask a question by raising your hand by clicking on the raise 
hand icon in the Zoom application at the bottom of your window. We will 
call out your name after which your line will be un-muted and you will be 
able to ask a question. Before now moving on to the Q&A session, I would 
like to request to all the participants if you can introduce yourself with 
your name and the company that you are associated with before asking 
the question.  
If you are not associated with any company and you are an individual 
investor, you can highlight that also. Moving on to the Q&A session. With 
this, the first question is from Mr. Amey, can you please unmute your line 
and ask the question?  
 
Amey Chalke:  
Thank you for giving an opportunity and thank you for the insightful 
presentation. So, first question I have is on the Kerala cluster. I understand 
team has been changed over there. However, our expectation was that 
last quarter would have been kind of a bottom out quarter. However, this 
quarter also we have seen a worsening occupancy. 
 
So, what is the expectation here? How long can it take for the new team 
to revive this cluster? And is it the issue with one or two assets within the 
cluster or it's across the assets? 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
Thank you, Amey. So very good point. I think I had touched upon this 
briefly. So definitely, we've had a little bit of a challenge in Kerala over the 
last two quarters, which was largely the management change that has 
happened. Having said that, we have kind of strengthened the teams 
there.  
 
We've had the new CEO, COO, who has come in, especially at our flagship 

10 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Medcity, which is a large part of our network in Kerala. But I think what's 
very important to note for Q4 is the significant impact of Ramadan. So, in 
North Kerala, definitely, you know, Ramadan does have a significant 
impact for us not only in the local business on footfalls, as well as elective 
cases, but it also has an impact on MVT because a lot of people who come 
in are from Maldives and Oman, which also which also kind of gets 
impacted with the timing of Ramadan.  
 
So, when we look at Q4, definitely, all of March was Ramadan, and when 
it comes to MVT specifically, people usually start planning a few weeks in 
advance, right? So, we believe that almost 2.5%-3% of the revenue hit has 
been caused because of the Ramadan impact. 
 
Now, going to your question on do we see this as a very transitionary 
phase, this team has been set up, we've kind of got the full team now firing 
quite well. So, we expect that in the next quarter and two, things should 
kind of move back to start seeing the growth. I will let Sunil and Anoop 
also come in for further comments, but Q4 was largely because of 
Ramadan and obviously things like having an extra day last year when you 
compare it, there's a half percent difference on revenue that comes on 
account of that as well. 
 
Anoop Moopen:  
Yeah, so thank you, Alisha. I'll also just add to that. I mean, Alisha has 
covered most of the points of why that all was there in the last quarter. 
But as we all know, the team has been strengthened, there was a 
leadership challenge over there and new CEO and COO coming in. And 
again, to add to it, I think the major effect was in our flagship unit. And we 
have gone through a focused approach over and now the team is in place 
and we have added more beds.  
 
We have also added the onboarding of a new clinician, and we are seeing 
the traction in the first quarter and we are in line with the expectations. 
 
Amey Chalke:  
Sure, thank you so much. The second question I have is on the Care 
performance, basically. So, thanks for Varun being here on the call. So, the 
first question I have on the Care is related to Hyderabad cluster. 
 
                                                                        That has been the underperforming cluster for us within the Care hospital 
chains. So, what are the steps we have taken so far over the last one year 
on the Hyderabad cluster and how has the performance improved over 
the last one year? And is this also an issue with one or two assets within 
the Hyderabad cluster or overall performance of the across units have 
been poor so far?  
 
Varun Khanna:  
Thanks, Amey. Thanks for your question. Quite an anticipated one though. 
So, Amey, you know, if you heard me speaking today, you know, there are 
four cohorts that I've created to solve for this problem. One is mature 
established, the second is emerging, the third is the renewed strategic 
focus. And Hyderabad cluster really, I'd say, falls into that. Hyderabad, we 
currently run five hospitals, and of which two hospitals have needed 
significant help, I'd say. So let me give you a narrative of what's part of 
your question in terms of what we've done. We've done a lot of hiring. 
We've changed the leadership teams across. We have brought in the 
medical head of the company. Our clinical recruitment has now got far 
stronger. We've looked at the operating elements, and we are working 
with external consultants to ensure that there is no operating leakage, and 

11 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
we are also driving efficiency. And most importantly, we've renovated 
Banjara. Now, Banjara needed an uplift. It had been a hospital asset that 
was not invested in adequately, I'd say, and that turnaround has 
happened. So, during the year, we did go through this entire renovation, 
which was a complex job, but it's now got completed. And we're looking 
forward to inaugurating this asset. 
 
So, I think a significant turnaround is underway, and you'll start to see the 
performance of the Hyderabad cluster getting significantly better. Hope 
that answers your question. Any follow up on this, Amey?  
 
Amey Chalke: 
On the 1,200-bed expansion, which we have spoken about on the 
brownfield expansion, how much would be coming from the Hyderabad 
cluster, that is the final question? Thank you so much. 
                               
Varun Khanna:   
Let me just give you a break up of Hyderabad. You know, Hyderabad, we 
have a new ramping up facility as well, which is Malakpet, which started 
to perform pretty well. So that facility will see an expansion of about 100 
odd beds over the next three years. Outside of that, we do see our flagship 
facility, Banjara, also add about 80 to 90 beds. So collectively, about a 
couple of hundred beds will be in Hyderabad. Thanks 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks, Amey. The next participant who will be asking a question is Mr. 
Tausif Shaikh, if you can unmute yourself and ask the question. 
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
Thanks for the opportunity. Good afternoon. Just a follow up question on 
Kerala piece. I think we rightly understand this performance is not 
comparable because this quarter we might have seen an impact of nearly 
about 40 to 45 days of Ramzan. But just wanted to understand in last one 
year have you seen any attrition rate at the clinician level for most of the 
flagship hospitals in Kerala? Can you highlight something on this? 
 
Anoop Moopen:  
Yeah, I would come in here. There has not been any major attrition in the 
Kerala hospitals. I mean, the unit leadership level, we had a strong 
leadership level at most of our units. And we have a legacy factor also in 
Kerala. If you look at the MIMS cluster, it's a long-known brand. And the 
clinicians especially, they have a bond within the unit and they feel that 
ownership and more than many of us, they believe that it's a unit and 
they're never thinking of moving on. So, we have been very blessed in that 
area.  
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
So, this quarter we have seen a 6% decline in IPD volumes in Kerala. So, 
can you give us a clarity? It's mainly alluded to a medical tourism patient. 
 
Anoop Moopen:  
Yeah, so medical tourism is one and see one of our flagship units as you 
know, there was a leadership challenge over there. So, we have to admit 
that the focus was not that much because of the lack of leadership. So, 
that have led to the decline in the numbers and focused marketing and 
referral approach and all that.  
 
                                                               So, we have got the leadership back in place. In fact, we have reinforced it 
much better, and we are seeing the traction now.  
 
Tausif Shaikh 
And what kind of occupancy level one should see for FY26 for Kerala 
cluster?  
 

12 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
So, Tausif, thanks for the question. I don't think so we should be like to 
give a guidance, but from the growth point of view, right? You know, 
because if you look at last four to five years, we've been growing in a very 
ramp up phase of more than 20% and Kerala was growing more than 30%. 
Now we are reached the capacity where you know 70-75% of the 
occupancy had reached but as I said the quarter four has been a 
temporary dip and going forward also what we look at is that more than 
occupancy because occupancy is a factor of the new beds coming in also.  
 
                                                             So, Q2 we added 100 beds in Kannur because it was running at 95% plus 
occupancy. Then we also added in our flagship hospital, we added 100 
beds. As Anoop also alluded, we also started adding a few doctors also in 
the majority of the specialties to drive the volumes. But going forward, we 
are looking at least a mid-teens growth. 
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
On the Kerala cluster?  
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yeah. 
 
Tausif Shaikh: 
Follow-up question to Ramesh Kumar on the Bangalore part. I think we 
have announced a new project in Sarjapur. So, if you can highlight what's 
the competitive landscape over there and how Aster is placed in this 
market. 
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
So, Tausif, Sarjapur is one of the fastest growing micro markets in 
Bangalore as you know. It has been having approximately around 35 to 40 
lakh population concentrated in that belt and that is one reason. 
Affordability, insurance penetration is the highest there because of the 
mostly software people are with that background people are staying in 
and around that area. So, we have affordability is also, it's good. So, it is 
right to have a hospital there. 
 
Competition, as you rightly asked the next question, competition is also, 
Sakra was doing exceedingly well. And Manipal, if you really look at, they 
also done in that market very well. It's a huge potential out there in 
Sarjapur market. Others are also coming and pitching in, but definitely 
we'll be much ahead of time and we'll have the right clinicians there 
onboarding to immediately ensure that that's a very good successful 
project for us.  
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
Thanks. I’ll get back in the queue. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks, Tausif. The next question is from Mr. Aditya Chheda. Mr. Aditya, 
if you can unmute yourself and ask the question. Mr. Aditya, can you 
please unmute yourself and ask the question? I think he's not able to hear 
us. 
 
                                                          Okay, so I'll move on to the next participant. The next question is from Mr. 
Kunal. Kunal, can you please unmute yourself and ask the question? Hello, 
good afternoon.  
 
Kunal Randeria:  
Hello, good afternoon. So, my first question is again on the Kerala cluster 
because I am not sure I fully understood the impact of Ramzan. Because 
in 2024, I think you had 20 days of Ramzan in Q4.  
                                                                     
                                                                    Occupancy was fairly healthy, you know, in mid to high 70s. So, I'm just 

13 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
trying to understand how much of the dip is because of Ramzan and this 
year because you have 30 days and how much would be because of you 
know the other factors that you mentioned. 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
 
      Sunil do you want to give a little bit more?  
 
Sunil Kumar:                                 Thanks for the question. See if you look at quarter four, we've grown at 
2% across you know at the overall level but if you remove but only look at 
the hospital space, right, in the core entity, it has grown 4%. The other 2% 
dip has happened because we consciously reduced the wholesale 
pharmacy segment. See, wholesale pharmacy has got two segments. One 
is the segment which supplies to all B2B and trade business. And another 
is the one which was supplying to the retail pharmacy. So, there we 
thought that the logistics was not working out really well and we used to 
have a cash loss. So, to address that one we have done that. So that way 
it's artificially come down to 2 but actually it's a 4 percent. Then I think 
Alisha also alluded to that 2.5% to 3% has come up because of Ramadan.  
 
Because see last year Ramadan started only in the late March and ended 
in the mid-April and we saw the pickup happening in the month of May. 
In this case what happens that it started the beginning of the March and 
ended in the March right so there is a full month impact which is coming 
to Q4 so that that itself has contributed to 2.5%- 3%. Second is also the 
third one I would say is the MVT. See, MVT, we had a major drive. If you 
look at the last year, MVT also, from quarter three to quarter four, there's 
no reduction. It was almost flat. 
 
But now we have seen a major reduction. One of the other because of a 
conscious decision there, Kunal, specifically through Maldives. Maldives, 
we've seen major ramp up in the business in last year and we have also 
seen that they are not very good paymasters. We had to control the 
receivables and that's where you also see in the Q4 because we were able 
to reduce the Maldives, the business very consciously.  
 
Even though revenue dip has happened, our collections have been even 
better. Overall, our receivables used to be at somewhere 85 to 90 days 
DSO. We are able to reduce to below 80 days and because of which our 
ECL, the provisions have become better in Q4. And that is also one of the 
reasons why, even though we have a 2% to 4% growth in the Q4, we're 
able to drive a 16% growth in the EBITDA. 
 
And also, it's very important to understand that whatever the dip which 
you have seen, it's a very temporary phase it's just a couple of quarters, 
we should be able to bounce back very soon. We're putting all the 
leadership all the systems in place to ensure that something like this 
doesn't recur again.  
 
Kunal Randeria:  
Sure, so if we were to kind of you know going into Q1 now that the 
Ramadan is over. I think we should see occupancy back to what close to 
70% just from the Ramadan impact. 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
So, see, usually, when I say I won't give occupancy because occupancy is 
very skewed. Let us look at the volume growth here. When we say that we 
grown at mid-teens, at least 7-8% will be with volumes and balance 7-8% 
will come from the ARPOB. Now volumes is something which we are very, 
very confident that will continue to grow at around 7-8% going forward. 

14 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
So, occupancy you can model it out, but we are back to high single digit 
volume growth is something which we are make it happen. 
 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure, now since you touched upon the lower ECL provisions there was also 
you know some rent reversals in this quarter. I mean these are not 
something which is sustainable right, going forward. So, this you know 
19% margin would that be sustainable, or you may just see a temporary 
dip because this time the profit was slightly bloated because of these. 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
So if you look at the all the four quarters EBITDA margin we started with a 
17 plus margin then we bounced in Q2 to more than 21% and Q3 also we 
closed at 19.3%, Q4 also it's 19.3% right so you know you've seen that it's 
a consistent increase and if you look at last year all the four quarters, if 
you observe properly, we were hovering between 15% to 17%, right? We 
were at 15% quarter one last year, quarter two, it was around 16.8%. Then 
we moved to 17.7% and 17.71% is the how we ended in the last year 
quarter four. Then from there, we cashed on to 17%, went to 21%. And as 
I said, 21%, because quarter two, always you see now that is the biggest 
quarter of all the four quarters. That's one of the reasons why EBITDA 
margin really jumped. But you can see that even though there has been a 
slowness in the revenue growth, we were able to maintain the margin of 
19.3%. But what I can say is that going forward also on a full year basis, 
these numbers what we published is more of a sustainable. And as I said, 
we have talked about the future margins, we are also aiming to reach 23-
24% in next 3-4 years’ timeline. So, we are very much committed in this 
regard. 
 
Kunal Randeria: 
That's great. That's 23-24% without the QCIL synergies, right? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
No, with QCIL 
 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure, sure. And the last one is for Mr. Khanna. You did speak of several 
senior level hires and leadership changes. Just trying to understand, what 
is the hiring you have made on the operational front? And on which 
clusters have you done? And any more roles that you need to still fill in? 
 
Varun Khanna:   
Thanks, Kunal. So, Kunal, largely what we've done is at two levels. So, one, 
we've created another layer, which is the operating layer, which is what 
we call the regional chief executive layer. We've got a senior industry 
leader coming into that role already. He came on board last month. At the 
group level, we've been able to bring a group CFO. We've got a CHRO 
coming in, I think the guy's coming on-board next week. We've also got HR 
head and sales and marketing head at the Care level for the business. 
Outside of that, we've brought in a regional CEO for outside of Trivandrum 
business, which is the KIMS business of ours. So, there's a lot of hiring in 
total, actually 10 odd people have come on board. Each one of them, you 
know, have a great pedigree, given what they've done in the past. So, 
we've been fairly successful in getting the right people on board.  
 
Kunal Randeria:  
Sure. And sorry, one more if I can squeeze in that support to Alisha and 
Mr. Khanna. See, I mean, Aster had this, you know, cluster-based 
approach, right? And obviously, Kerala is the biggest cluster for QCIL, you 
know, Trivandrum is a big, you know, contributor. So, going forward after 
the merger, how will the operational structure look? Will you still follow a 
cluster-based approach, or would it be something different?  
 

15 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
So, Kunal, I think we're still thinking through the best structure for the 
organization, right? I think it would be really premature for me or Varun 
to comment on this right now. Of course, you are aware Kerala will be one 
of our biggest markets. So, we do think it needs to be a cluster, but is it a 
Kerala whole or break Kerala into two? Those are all discussions we are 
having to make sure that you find the right people and have the right 
structure in place. So maybe give us a few more quarters to come back 
with more details on that. 
 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks Kunal. The next question is from Mr. Nikhil Poptani. Mr. Nikhil, can 
you please unmute yourself and ask the question please? 
 
Nikhil Poptani:  
Yes, sir. I thank you for giving me the opportunity. So, in the Kerala cluster, 
last time we spoke that we are going to focus more on the profitability, 
ARPOB growth rather than the volume growth. So, is this still now after 
such a quarter, are we still focusing on profitability over volume growth? 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, Nikhil, I think it's really about a combination strategy, right? I mean, as 
you're aware, there is a lot more competition in Kerala, but we are the 
market leaders, and we don't want to go down a discount-based strategy 
for Kerala. For us I think it is very important to continue to maintain the 
ARPOB. We have been price leaders in the market; we don't want to dilute 
that. We've been service leaders in the market; we don't want to dilute 
that. So, with that we've been taking a very balanced approach and 
making sure that we're not really talking about a dip in occupancy, but we 
also don't want to just show revenue growth and have an erosion on our 
margins. So, it is about kind of maintaining that balance as much as 
possible. So, when we're looking at occupancy also, I think it's also very 
important to note we've added 300 beds out of that 200 beds in the last 
quarter have been in Kerala. So naturally, arithmetically, there'll be some 
dips that you will see. But I think it's also very important to note that even 
with that, we have improved on our profitability, which I think is a good 
place for us to be in. 
 
Nikhil Poptani:  
That's great to hear. And the second thing that I want to ask, are we still 
focusing on the corporate segment? Because now we need to also grow 
the MVT segment again. We said that we are looking at different regions 
to grow MVT segment too. So how will be the focused approach over 
attracting the new patients? 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, I think, again, in Kerala, a big focus was on Oman and Maldives. In 
Maldives, since the change of the government, there's been a lot more 
pressure on the payment and the receivables. And we didn't want to get 
caught up in that challenge. So, opening up new markets has been a key 
focus for us. So again, strengthening the MVT team has been something 
which Ramesh and the teams are working on. I think it's very important 
for us to open up a lot more markets. I think there've been challenges with 
Bangladesh also, which used to kind of yield some traffic for us. So, we 
said, how do we make sure that we are able to diversify that portfolio of 
MVT patients? So, a much more structured approach in building the 
portfolio for MVT. Ramesh, you wanna come in here on MVT, please? 
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
So as rightly mentioned, and we are looking at onboarding leadership 
where they can take on expanding the team of MVT, certain geographies 

16 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
like the African countries we are looking at. Iraq is another market which 
is still continuing to yield well. As rightly said, Oman is still continued to 
yield as there is a lot of traction from Oman still coming in. And of course, 
Maldives market as you rightly said, cautiously we would be approaching. 
So overall, we will be expanding mainly into African countries and Onco is 
also one of the focus area so we get large, good number of patients for 
oncology from African market. So that's going to be our focus as well. 
 
 
Nikhil Poptani: 
That's great to hear. So, can you just summarize what is our strategic 
outlook for each of the clusters, like Kerala, Andhra, and Maharashtra? 
Like how we are approaching those clusters in terms of adding patients, 
beds, and everything, if you can summarize that. And even for the QCIL, 
for their four segments. 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
Nikhil, you wanted to understand what on the Aster side and then if could 
you just repeat that? 
 
Nikhil Poptani: 
Yeah, in our Aster side of four clusters Kerala, Andhra and Karnataka 
cluster, like how we are approaching this clusters in FY26, what is going to 
be our major focus in each of the cluster? And similarly, on the QCIL side, 
on the four segments that they've bucketed. 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
Ramesh, you want to start with that? 
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
So let me start with the Karnataka Maharashtra cluster. As you have seen, 
all the three units have been yielding very well. Aster Whitefield is doing 
exceedingly well. We are anticipating good growth coming in there, within 
one year's time it has registered a very good growth. And both Aster RV 
and Aster CMI would also continue to feeling the growth of Karnataka and 
Maharashtra from Aster Aadhar, we continued, it's still growing. We are 
looking at how to add more number of beds there. And of course, we have 
the Mother and Child hospital expanding around 159 beds, additionally 
coming up in Whitefield. That will also add to the revenue of FY26. So 
that's about Karnataka and Maharashtra.  
 
And moving on to Kerala, we have right now Medcity, as we said, the 
change in leadership. We are looking at onboarding. None of the clinicians 
have moved out. So, all our clinicians are intact, and we are adding more 
clinicians. So that is the strategy. We are adding all these specialty-wise. 
We are focusing a little bit more focus on oncology and we are also trying 
to add in other specialties as well. So, the flagship will continue to perform 
and further grow and we are trying to add more volumes. We have added 
another 100 beds there.  
 
Second, MIMS, Calicut and of course, Aster MIMS and Aster Kannur. Aster 
Kannur is really doing well, there also we have added another 100 beds. 
So, there we are going to continue to actually look at focus on volumes 
and focus especially on certain specialties like again going back to 
oncology and some renal transplant and other things. And MIMS 
specifically we have seen it is steadily growing, doing very well, that has 
been contributing very well. So, I think MIMS, we continue to have the 
same strategy. We will have volume focus. We are trying to focus on how 
to create additionally more volume growth as far as MIMS Calicut is 
concerned.  
 
And shortly we would also be adding Kasaragod hospital as well for the 

17 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
FY26. So that is also going to give us a growth in entire Kerala. So that is 
the Kerala cluster.  
 
Moving on to Andhra cluster, Tirupati, Narayanadri Hospital is really one 
of our good strategies and Tirupati is really doing very well. Both top line 
revenue and good EBITDA margins. We are planning to add again, expand 
further specialties like oncology. We're looking at a bunker adding there. 
And then so Narayanadri will do very well for us and I mean Ramesh 
hospitals, Aster Ramesh, we have been focusing on Guntur and 
Vijayawada. Vijayawada especially the cardiology team has been doing 
very well, we are trying to add more call clinicians there and accelerate 
the cardiology part of it.  
 
And Guntur, yes, there has been a thing we are adding on more clinicians 
now, especially cardiology and gynecology. There has been one or two 
doctors’ attrition has been there, but we are adding more clinicians at 
Guntur as well. Ongole, we are trying to focus, ensure that, add more 
clinicians to augment the entire oncology, entire Ongole business as well, 
top line revenue as well. So, this is what the overall strategy for all the 
three places. We'll be driving both some of the additional units, some 
expanded beds, driving volumes, and looking at adding more clinicians on 
board. 
 
Nikhil Poptani:  
That's great to hear, sir. I have one more question. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
I would request you to put on the queue, please. I’d like to request each 
participant to ask two questions, please. Okay, next, we have Ms. 
Damayanti Kerai, If you can unmute yourself and ask the question. 
 
Damayanti Kerai:  
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I want to understand your EBITDA 
margins trajectory better. So, this 23% -24% number, which you indicated 
for next three to four years. So, you mentioned that on the procurement 
side, you have seen good synergies, which is one of the key driver in last 
year or so. So that's one, just want to understand what kind of headroom 
you have, where you have visibility to improve on this part from here on.  
 
                                                        So, what kind of contribution will come from, say, procurement synergies, 
and then some of the initiative which you mentioned on the other cost 
line items, if you can elaborate on those. Also, this 23-24%, I understand 
is it at the network level right, hospitals plus your other business. 
 
                                                             Similarly, if you can give that number for hospital business, the core 
hospital business over next three to four years. Thank you 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Thank you, Damayanti. So, on that question, see, with respect to the, 
because I said that as a group put together, which we can achieve a 23% - 
24% in the next three to four years. Looking from the material cost point 
of view, because we are just a 5,000-bed hospital, when the volume 
doubles, the leverage comes in. So, there are at least another 100 basis 
points should really kick in. Second most important point I see a leverage 
is the manpower cost.  
 
                                                               Manpower cost is very important because we track it as not only as a 
percentage of cost, but also, we look at what is our manpower per 
occupied bed. And we see that there is another 1-1.2% per occupied bed 
is the efficiency which we can do it. And accordingly, I think I called it in 

18 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
my speech also, even in the current year, from the last year to current 
year, when we say manpower cost, I'm talking about including the junior 
doctors plus the employees and the outsource manpower. We already 
done a 70 bps efficiency reduction in the current year.  
 
                                                              So, we see a major reduction coming from there. Second, to a small 
extent, we should also bring a consolidation of the functions which should 
give a synergy, that's the third part. And the fourth part would be the more 
of overheads. So, overheads also is something which is more disintegrated 
and also fragmented. So that's where you can look at a consolidation of 
insurance, consolidation of the lot of AMCs, CMCs, consolidation of non-
medical consumables, and also bringing efficient electricity also. 
 
                                                            We are already in the way to bring more than, I think, 30-32 megawatt 
plants, which is in the works today. So that is something which is going to 
kick in sometime in the second half of the year. I think all these things put 
together; we should be able to look at another 300 to 400 bps 
improvement in the margins. Now second is that you know because we 
also talked about the wholesale pharmacy. See we apart from that we've 
got two more verticals right that's the labs and wholesale pharmacy. 
 
                                                             Labs already we have reached around 7-8% margin in the current year and 
also today the most important thing is that it has to be more dependent 
on the non-Aster business and already we are from 23% in the last year. 
Current year we moved the proportion of the contribution to 28% there. 
So, once we are able to take it to 40 to 45% or near 50% we can really 
move the margin supports of 20% in the labs. So that way it will not be a 
drag. 
 
                                                          And in terms of wholesale pharmacy, I already told you that we have 
moved out the second segment of the business. So, we don't expect a 
major growth coming in the wholesale pharmacy. And wholesale 
pharmacy is always known to have a lower EBITDA margin. So, keeping 
that in mind, I think overall, 23-24% and I think maybe another 100, 200 
bps higher it should be for the hospital segment. 
 
Damayanti Kerai:  
Okay, that's clear. My second question is on your women and child 
hospital which you have planned in Hyderabad. Did that unit saw some 
delay like because earlier I remember you are planning to launch that in 
the second half of this fiscal and as per the presentation now it moved to 
FY27. So, if you can clarify that and in FY27, when we should expect it in 
the first half or second half, that will be useful, thank you. 
 
Ramesh Kumar:                          So, this is slightly, as rightly said, we were looking at certain, since it was a 
warm shell, which we have taken over and infra-wise, we had to really do 
some more work on it. So that was a slight delay which has happened. 
 
Now I think it is almost, well, most of these plans as well as most of these 
things are in place. We are able to accelerate further. We'll be able to 
ensure that we could kick off the project and by 2027 we are very positive. 
At least the second quarter at least we should be able to kickstart the 
hospital. 
 
Damayanti: 
Second quarter of fiscal year 27, right? 
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
2027. 

19 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Damayanti: 
Ok, that's it. I'll get back in the queue, thanks. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks, Damayanti. The next question is from Mr. Bino. Dr. Bino, can you 
please unmute yourself and ask the question? 
 
Bino:  
Hi good afternoon, everybody. Couple of questions. One, in your slide on 
synergies, I see a 30-crore synergy in QCIL in FY26. May I know where it 
comes from, given that the merger is actually happening only towards the 
end of FY26? 
 
Varun Khanna:  
Yeah, so let me take this. So, I think a large part of the synergy essentially 
comes from the procurement side of it, which is where the material cost, 
as you grow your scale, you're able to bring down the material cost. You're 
also able to optimize when you start working as a group, you're able to 
optimize your formularies, use the right mix. A couple of other things that 
we're doing is the repair and maintenance contracts. We're looking at 
them again, and we've been able to bring some degree of improvement 
there. Food and beverage is another significant piece that we're looking 
at. In our Kerala cluster, we actually have an in-sourced F&B company. 
We've started to do that the same way for Care as well.  
 
                                                                        So those are the three prominent things that we're looking at. Outside of 
that, there's a lot happening which will be EBITDA accretive. For instance, 
working on medical value travel as a group, that's going to have a 
significant benefit emerging this year. 
 
Bino:  
Got it. So, you have given your FY25 EBITDA at about INR 855 crore. I 
mean, just trying to model it out, I can possibly add about INR 30 crores to 
that and maybe apply the usual INR 15 sort of crore. 
 
Varun Khanna: 
You know, can you be a bit louder, please? Get closer to the mic 
 
Bino: 
So, I was looking at the QCIL FY25 EBITDA of INR 855 crores. If I add INR 30 
crores to that, and maybe grow it by the usual 15% roughly, which you are 
doing. Is that the right direction in which, I am moving to estimate your 
FY26 and maybe FY27 numbers? 
 
Varun Khanna:  
Bino, I'll let you do the calculation but let me give you some color around 
it so that the favorability that you're trying to build, you are able to. See, 
INR 50 to 60 crores is the synergy number that we're looking at the QCIL 
level. And this is outside of synergies that will be driven post the merger. 
So, of which, from a run rate standpoint, we've been able to get to about 
INR 20 crores is what I told you in Q4, largely driven by procurement and 
some of the other elements are to kick in, which I alluded to. So, we do 
see significant favorability on the synergy side of it. 
 
Bino:                                              Ok, Can I ask a question  
 
Varun Khanna:  
Yes 
 
Bino:  
Sunil, a quick question. In your breakup of other expenses, there is a 
benefit coming from about INR 7 crore coming from movement in 
contingent payable number. What is that related to? And is that 
something which continues? 
 

20 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Yeah, thanks for that, Bino. So Bino, if you recall, we had recognized a 
gross obligation for the put option, which is available for our Ramesh 
hospitals. They were holding around 42.5%. So, we recognize that. And 
they had a put option, I would say limit up to, to basically the right was 
there up to March 2025. And beginning of the March, they actually raised 
a put option notice of around 13%. 
 
                                                                 Now, what has happened is that because of that, we have unlocked the 
liability which is sitting there and because in the quarter one, quarter two 
and quarter three of this current year we had recognized the liability 
because whenever you're nearing to the put option date the liability keeps 
going up right that we had recognized and Q4 because the complete 42.5% 
was not exercised and only the 13% was exercised, the balance got 
reversed. So that is a benefit, and good thing is that it's a more of a 
permanent benefit because after this year, next year onwards, there is no 
hit coming into the P&L from Q1 onwards. 
 
Bino: 
Got it. And what would be the total number of shares outstanding once 
the merger takes place? 
 
Hitesh Dhaddha: 
I think, It's around 870 million but you can kind of look at the exact number 
you know in our publicly disclosed documents 
 
Bino: 
Okay, thank you very much.  
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks Dr. Bino. We would request participant to limit to your question to 
two but not more than three per participant at a time. In this line we have 
next question for Mr. Angad.  
Mr. Angad, you can unmute yourself and ask the question. 
 
Angad Ambekar:    
Hi. I just wanted some guidance on debt in the future and considering the 
bed expansion that you've guided for, how are you looking to finance the 
same? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
So Angad, let me, rather than putting a number, let me give the how we 
are looking at. So currently Aster DM is a net debt company with a net 
cash of around INR 700 crores plus. We have 2,100 beds in pipeline, which 
will cost me approximately INR 1,900 crores. Out of INR 1,900 crores, we 
already incurred INR 350 to 400 crores. So, balance INR 1,500 crores, 
which we need to spend over a period of next three to four years, right? 
And from the pre-IndAS or post-IndAS of view, my cash flow from 
operations, it's approximately 78% to 80%. I think that should help you do 
the modeling. 
 
Angad Ambekar:  
Thank you 
 
         
Sunil Kumar 
Thank You  
 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks, Angad. The next question is from Mr. Sidharth, if you can 
unmute yourself and ask the question.  
 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity, just 2 questions one I wanted to 
understand what is the guidance on pre-IndAS EBITDA considering a large 
part of the expansions going forward are leased rather than owned land. 
The second question was on the drop in EBITDA margin in the Kerala and 
the Karnataka and Maharashtra clusters on a sequential basis. 

21 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
That drop is much sharper this year than it was last year. So, is there 
anything that you have to say on that? What drove that sharper drop? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Yeah. Siddharth, the second question, let me answer first. With respect to 
the margins, as I said, it's all to do with the revenue. There have been 
certain unlock of the provisions, which is I talked about receivables and 
everything that has happened at the corporate level at the Aster DM 
Healthcare legal entity.  
 
But whatever the decline which has happened, it's just a one-time dip 
because of the revenue not being there. But on a YTD or a full year basis, 
the Kerala cluster still boasts a margin of 23.4% plus, and also Karnataka 
cluster is still maintaining a margin of operating EBITDA 22.8%. So, we only 
think that it will keep going up. As I said, I already given a broader guideline 
of our next 2, 3 to 4 years and that's how we look at the numbers. 
 
I'm sorry, I didn't get the first question, please. 
 
Sidharth Negandhi:  
The first question was, you have, you mentioned a 23-24% EBITDA   margin 
going forward, right? I'm assuming that's a post-IndAS EBITDA. 
Considering most of your expansion is leased. How do we look at pre-
IndAS EBITDA margins going forward? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Got it. See, currently, if you look at the gap between operating to post-
IndAS, there is a revenue variable rent which is approximately INR 8 crores 
per quarter accumulating to INR 32 crores per annum. 
                                                                 
                                                              And when you look at the difference between a post-IndAS to pre-IndAS, 
there is around INR 92 crores, right? So that's approximately INR 26 crores 
or 27 crores per quarter, now 23 crores per quarter. Now if you look at 
both put together the variable rent and the fixed rent what we pay to the 
leased assets, it comes to approximately INR 124 crores which may 
amount to approximately 3% of my top line so going forward also yes see 
it's not like okay we have we are making by choice going to lease the asset 
it because in a Bangalore city for example, the recent one  Sarjapur, it's 
not easy to purchase land, a lot of these lands are ancestral land. They 
don't want to sell it off. So, you have to work with the builders to do a JDA 
and accordingly take asset on the lease. So keeping that in mind, even in 
the going forward, because when the business increases, the majority of 
the thing being in Kerala, where the volumes and the new hospitals like 
Kasargod and Trivandrum coming into the picture, as a percentage of 
revenue, the rental, both fixed and variable, you can model it out 
somewhere between 2.5% to 3% for the next three to four years. 
 
Sidharth Negandhi:  
Ok, that's useful. The second question was on the delay in projects. We 
have seen all the brownfield expansions being sequentially delayed from 
the last quarter to this quarter. Bangalore, Ongole, CMI, Medcity and even 
the Hyderabad which you addressed. Any specific reasons? Are we seeing 
competitive intensity and therefore pushing these out? Is there any other 
reason? 
 
Alisha Moopen:  
Yeah, I don't think it has been per se by design. I think as Ramesh had 
called out, there has been just some challenges with projects, different 
reasons for each of them that has delayed. I don't think we've had 
anything more than three to four months of delay for these projects. So 
it's not definitely not because of any competition. We had some change in 

22 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
the project team as well. We've just changed the project lead recently so 
I think that has also been one of the reasons for some of these delays I 
don't know Mr. Wilson if there was anything you wanted to add to that. 
 
T J Wilson:  
You're right Alisha, like we are in control at the moment actually projects 
are going as per the schedule like whatever happened in the past will not 
be repeated in future. Now we have a team and we are recruiting more 
people also. So, things will be on plan as per the schedule now. 
 
Sidharth Negandhi:  
Clear. The last question was on QCIL and the funding of the expansion 
there. How do you propose to fund that expansion, Mr. Khanna? And 
what's the net debt position for QCIL currently? 
 
Varun Khanna: 
Sidharth, thanks. So, of the beds that we're looking at, so that on the 
CapEx side of it, the few projects that we have, we're looking at raising 
some debt at the entity level. And my sense currently, I may not have the 
exact numbers, is about 70% of what we'll invest in the project, CapEx. 
Details can be furnished later is the way I see it. 
 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Thank you  
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thank you, Sidharth. We would request each participant limit to two 
questions only. Next, we have questions for Mr. Deepak. Mr. Deepak, can 
you please unmute yourself and ask the question? 
Mr. Deepak, can you hear us? I shall now move on to the last question. 
Mr. Nikhil, can you please unmute yourself and ask the question? 
 
Nikhil Poptani:  
Yeah, thank you for giving me the opportunity again. So, my question is 
like, basically, what is the price hike that we are planning for FY26 across 
our payor mix? And now we have like the two green fields coming up in 
H1 FY26 and the other one in H2 FY27. So, what is like a break-even 
occupancy on ARPOB level that we are supposed to target 
to achieve the break-even EBITDA? 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
See, Nikhil, on the price increase, usually whatever the ARPOB growth what 
we achieve, the price increase would be somewhere between 3 - 3.5%. 
That's a price increase. That's how I'm saying cumulative of the walk-in cash 
patients plus the TPAs. And usually, insurance companies we renew every 
two year once. So that's a jump what you say. That's where I'm giving 
average number of 3 to 3.5%.  
 
                                                                And there's no right time to take the price increase because it all depends 
on the geography of each hospital. It's based on the hospitals we take that 
call. That's you know on the price increase bit of it.  
 
Nikhil Poptani:  
On the greenfield side what is like the break-even occupancy or ARPOB 
level?  
 
Sunil Kumar:  
So, I won't say ARPOB you know it's usually 30% you should be able to 
break-even Nikhil. I'm talking about on a full capacity basis if it's 
operational on a 30% capacity, you should be able to break even. 
 
In terms of timing, Nikhil, it all depends on where are we really 
commissioning this project. For example, Bangalore, Aster-CMI was the 
first hospital which we operationalized sometime 8 years back. That time 
it took more than 18 months to break even. But when our second hospital 

23 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
in RV, when we opened up, that's the south of Bangalore, we were able to 
break even between 12 to 15 months. 
 
And the third one, which we opened up just a year back, we were able to 
break even in 3 months. It's also about brand recall, right? We will be able 
to get the right doctors in place. So that's the whole reason why we are 
developing a cluster approach. That's where in the Bangalore market, as 
even Ramesh alluded. The idea is to ensure that there's a fourth of our 
hospital. Today we are in the top three and we will continue to be the 
leader in the Bangalore market. So similarly, it's all about if you go to the 
new cluster, you know, geographic location where you're not present, it 
usually should take around 18 months. 
 
Nikhil Poptani:  
Okay, thank you. That's it from my side. All the very best for FY26 and 
great work on margins. All the very best. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks, Nikhil. We have the last question from Mr. Sidharth. 
 
Sidharth Negandhi:  
Hi, can you hear me? 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Yes, Sidharth 
 
Sidharth:  
On the Andhra Pradesh Telangana cluster, just wanted to understand that 
was on a turnaround path. And we've suddenly seen a very sharp 
sequential drop in occupancy from 55% in Q3 to 51% in this quarter and 
therefore, you know, there do you see that along with the fact that the 
Ongole piece is also pushed out a little bit. Do you see that coming back 
to mid-50s, late-50s occupancy next year or how do we look at that? That 
was one part, and the second part was to understand on the guidance if 
you could share anything on the proportion of non-Aster business in the 
labs business next year. 
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
Yeah, the first part coming to Andhra if you really look at, we had some 
certain impact as far as the one or two clinicians leaving as far as the 
Guntur is concerned. 
 
So that is the cardiology, and the volume was driven by the gynecology. 
So that is the dip which happened in Guntur. So, we have immediately 
corrected that cardiology we had sustained because we are very strong as 
far as Ramesh Babu is concerned. So, it is not a concern. So, cardiology we 
could retain at least the angioplasty, angiogram, whatever we are doing. 
                                                                          
                                                                        But only the OPD numbers and a little bit of inpatient for gynecology has 
come down. We are quickly rectifying that. And that's a temporary dip, 
which has happened at Guntur. Whereas Vijayawada continues to do well. 
And coming to Ongole, Ongole also have the same reasons.  
 
We had two or three clinicians moving because of competition, and we 
are quickly filling up that, and it will happen. And we have already 
onboarded one or two clinicians and adding a few more and augment, and 
we are trying to ramp up the place as well. So, both the places, it will be 
up and running in this quarter. 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Just on the second point with respect to non-Aster business in the labs, as 
I said FY24 it was 23%, FY25 we moved to 28%. This year a lot of 
consolidations happened in terms of the ramp up of the lot of FPECs which 

24 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
we opened up. So we look at somewhere between 36 to 38% is the non-
Aster business which we want to drive in the labs. 
 
Sidharth Negandhi:  
Thank you. Thanks for your time and great performance. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thank you, Sidharth. So, there is no more question to the management 
now. Thank you all. This concludes the earnings call for this quarter for 
Aster DM Healthcare. I thank the management and all the attendees for 
joining us today. If you would have any further queries or questions, 
please do get in touch with us. Thank you 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
Thanks everyone. 
 
 
<End> 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability. 
