Secretarial Department                                                                              
 
 
 
The Federal Bank Ltd.| Secretarial Dept | 6th Floor, Federal Towers, Bank Junction, Aluva| Phone: 04842622263 
Email: secretarial@federalbank.co.in | CIN: L65191KL1931PLC000368| Website: www.federalbank.co.in 
SEC/LODR/43/2025-26  
 
 
 
 
                                           May 06, 2025 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 . 
BSE Limited  
Department of Corporate Services- Listing, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Ref.: Scrip Symbol: FEDERALBNK/Scrip Code: 500469  
 
Dear Madam/ Sir,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for Audited Financial Results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2025, and Business updates. 
 
We wish to inform you that the transcript of the earnings call hosted by The Federal Bank Limited (“the Bank”) 
for the Audited Financial Results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025, has been made available on 
the Bank’s website at the following link, within the timeline prescribed under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015: 
 
https://www.federalbank.co.in/documents/10180/1124414626/Transcript_Q4FY25.pdf/6ee3be49-5f6f-b835-
8770-3aebef4e342a?t=1746527368619  
 
We are also enclosing the transcript of the earnings call with this intimation. 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For The Federal Bank Limited 
 
Samir P Rajdev 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
SAMIR 
PRAVINCHAN
DRA RAJDEV
Digitally signed by SAMIR 
PRAVINCHANDRA RAJDEV 
Date: 2025.05.06 17:44:02 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
Federal Bank Limited 
Q4 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KVS MANIAN – MD & CEO 
MS. SHALINI WARRIER – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
MR. HARSH DUGAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
MR. VENKATRAMAN VENKATESWARAN – 
GROUP PRESIDENT & CFO  
MR. LAKSHMANAN V – GROUP PRESIDENT & 
HEAD (TREASURY)  
MR. SOUVIK ROY –HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
The Federal Bank Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing start and 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Souvik Roy, Head Investor Relations, The Federal Bank 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Souvik Roy: 
Thank you so much, and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining us this evening. 
I hope you had the opportunity to review our results and go through the investor deck, which we 
had already shared earlier. As always, I have been -- we are here with our entire senior leadership 
team, who will provide a comprehensive overview of the quarter that went by and our strategic 
priorities moving forward. 
 
We will begin with our CFO, who'll walk you through the key financial highlights and the 
performance metrics for the last quarter. Following his remarks, our MD will share insights on 
our strategic direction, and we'll then open the floor for your questions. 
 
So without further ado, I'll hand it over to our CFO. 
Venkatraman V: 
Thank you, Souvik. Good evening, all of you, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining 
this earnings call. Apologies for this 10-minute delayed start. Let me begin with a brief overview 
of the macroeconomic and banking sector backdrop. The Indian economy remained resilient 
amid global uncertainties. This was also bolstered by stable domestic demand and prudence 
monitoring policies. 
 
RBI REPO rate cut and liquidity-enhancing measures will ensure that the economic focus on 
growth continues. Inflation is now within the RBI band and with increased liquidity, banks 
should be in a position to support growth. The banking sector experienced intensifying 
competition for retail and MSME deposits. 
 
Asset quality remained stable with improvement in recovery, though challenges persisted in 
certain unsecured segments. Our bank navigated this environment by prioritizing growth, in the 
mid yielding, mass affluent and MSME segments to drive sustainable profitability and ensure 
quality growth. 
 
Turning to our FY '25 quarter and full year performance, I'm happy to share a few highlights. 
We crossed a major milestone of INR5 lakh crore business at INR5.18 lakh crore was the 31st 
March number, which marks a significant milestone and our net profit entered the league of 
INR4,000 crores plus. 
 
Our other income soured to a new high of INR1,006 crores driven by robust fee-based services. 
Our NIM improved by 1 basis point to 3.12% by despite the rate cut. And as you know, more 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
than half of our book is back to external benchmark, showcasing our agility in a dynamic rate 
environment. 
 
Core fee income grew at 6% Q-o-Q outpacing asset growth, reflecting our team's alignment 
towards a more rewarding franchise. We achieved our decadal best asset quality, supported by 
strong recoveries and adaptive slippages, a feat we have consistently delivered every quarter, 
even in a tough macro environment. 
 
Credit costs for FY '25 was 38 bps, in line with our earlier guidance of 35 bps to 40 bps. On the 
deposit front, CASA grew by a very healthy 6.74% Q-o-Q. And more importantly, CA growth 
happened at a very, very strong 27% Q-o-Q and 35% Y-o-Y. The focus on liability growth is 
yielding results. 
 
On the asset side, loans against property grew 20.5% Y-o-Y, gold loans grew 21% year-on-year 
despite a slowdown in Q4 due to certain regulatory guidelines. And our micro finance portfolio 
grew 19% despite we taking a conscious call to stall or rather to slow down the growth and not 
grow in Q3 and Q4. CV/CE grew at 35% year-on-year and credit card business grew at 19%. 
All of these play to the plan, which we had outlined in our Analyst Day of focusing on the mid 
yielding segments. 
 
Our CRAR stood at a healthy 16.4%, positioning us for a self-sustaining franchise. In terms of 
distribution, we opened 85 branches during the year, and we were quite careful in terms of 
choosing the locations of this expansion. 
 
On the quarterly results, net profit for the quarter was INR1,030 crores, up 14% year-on-year, 
driven by strong revenue growth and operational efficiency. On cost, we had a few one-off costs 
in the opex, which -- and traditionally, in Q4, our cost is always higher as compared to the other 
quarters. And in this quarter, we had a few one-offs, which is more towards the branch 
expansion. 
 
We had almost 39 of the 85 branches opened in Q4. Our spends on campaign advertisement and 
card campaigns and a few other related expenses increase the cost. And hence, you see a slightly 
uptick in the CI ratio for this quarter. Having said that, our opex to assets for this year FY '25 is 
1 bps lower than last FY. 
 
On the balance sheet, total deposits grew 6.5% quarter-on-quarter to INR2.83 lakh crores and 
CASA deposits at INR85.7 lakh crores, up 6.74% Q-o-Q. Our CASA ratio was at 30.23% better 
than last year's CASA ratio. Advances rose 12% this year to INR2.38 lakhs. Our CD ratio was 
at a very comfortable 82.79% in Q4, ensuring balanced growth and liquidity. The focus on LCR 
continues, and we saw impressive results in this quarter in that direction. We degrew our 
wholesale deposits from financial entities which meant sure that our LCR improved further. And 
as at 31st March, it was at 145. 
 
Asset quality, as I mentioned earlier, is robust with GNPA at 1.84% of advances, down 11 bps 
Q-o-Q and NNPA at 0.44%, stable sequentially. We strengthened our provision coverage to 
75.37% over 400 bps improvement over last year. 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
Our capital position is strong with CET1 ratio at 15.04, well above regulatory requirements, 
providing ample headroom for growth. ROA was 1.24, up 2 bps over last year, and ROE of 
12.82%, underscoring our progress towards sustainable profitability. 
 
Strategically, we have accelerated our focus on mid yielding segments, which Mr. Manian will 
cover in his update. Before I hand over to Manian for his comments, I want to take this 
opportunity to thank our ED, Ms. Shalini Warrier, as this will be her last earnings call at Federal 
Bank. I want to take the opportunity to thank her on all our behalf for the excellent contribution 
and guiding the bank during the last few years. Over to you, Manian. 
KVS Manian: 
Thanks, Venkat. Venkat has provided a detailed overview of our financial performance for the 
quarter, and I would like to offer some insights and highlights that underscore our progress and 
strategy execution. This marks my second full quarter leading the organization, and I'm 
confident in our direction and ability to execute. 
 
In February, we shared our strategic vision and while 2 months is a short time frame to 
demonstrate transformative results, we are making meaningful strides in the areas we prioritized. 
Each month is an opportunity to advance our objectives, and we are pursuing our strategic teams 
with focus and momentum. 
 
The quarterly results reflect several positive developments that align closely with our outlined 
strategy demonstrating our ability to deliver on our commitments. Our deposit growth has been 
good, with particular strength in CASA and even more notably in current account. Retail current 
accounts as well as wholesale current account acquisition has accelerated, acquisition of high-
value savings account variant -- higher value savings account variant have shown significant 
uptick. Current account acquisition running at a 50% higher rate compared to the previous 
period. 
 
The deposit mix has improved with greater granularity and enhanced LCR alignment as our 
reliance on financial sector deposits have significantly decreased. These factors have contributed 
to a robust LCR position.  
We have successfully implemented key initiatives to strengthen our financial and operational 
framework. These include a new transfer pricing methodology, a RaRoC-based pricing model 
and a comprehensive business-wise profit and loss system, fostering a culture of accountability 
among business managers for profitability and ROE. 
 
Additionally, we have introduced a robust business budgeting approach, tied to branch potential 
and rolled out revised score cards, aligned with our strategic priorities. These initiatives have 
been well received by our teams and are driving renewed energy and focus, positioning us for 
long-term success. These efforts have also optimized capital utilization, resulting in improved 
capital adequacy, a testament to our disciplined approach to resource management. 
 
On the asset side, we set a strategic goal to accelerate growth in our Middle East portfolio. And 
we have achieved a robust 19% growth rate across most products in this segment. While gold 
loan faced challenges in the last quarter due to recent regulatory issues, the recent regulatory 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
clarity positions us to resume steady growth in that product as well, consistent with our 
performance over the past year. 
 
In the low-yield segment like home loans, HL and Corporate Banking, we are adopting a 
nuanced approach to growth. For HL, we are focusing on risk return trade-offs prioritizing 
customers who offer a broader revenue opportunity and relationship rather than competing on 
ultra-competitive pricing.  
In Corporate Banking, we have significantly outpaced book growth with faster expansion in 
liabilities and fee income, guided by our customer level RaRoC framework. We also identified 
and exited a few large transactions which were not aligned to our strategic customer level RaRoC 
aspirations.  
Our self-funding ratio has increased, as highlighted in the presentation, and fee income in this 
segment has risen significantly faster than the asset growth. Notably, 75% of our new corporate 
client acquisitions are in the mid-market segment, reinforcing our commitment to sustainable 
profitable growth, as outlined in our strategy document. 
 
In the high-yield segment, our cards business is performing strongly with healthy growth in card 
acquisitions and balanced mix of organic and co-branded cards. As the credit environment 
stabilizes, we will increase our focus on personal loans to capture growth opportunities in this 
product. The microfinance segment requires continued caution, and we are approaching it 
prudently.  
We have largely maintained our NIMs while achieving growth in our targeted areas. To enhance 
NIM stability, we have introduced measures such as resetting new floating rate loans at T+90 
instead of T+1, shifting our car loan business to fixed rates and offering medium-tenure fixed 
rate loans in our Business Banking segment. 
 
We have also reviewed and implemented new savings and term deposit rates recently. These 
steps reflect our proactive approach to balancing growth and profitability in a challenging 
environment.  
 
On asset side, our asset side progress aligns with our strategic objectives, and we are confident 
in our ability to sustain growth in the coming quarters while managing NIM pressures and 
maintaining prudent risk return dynamics. As policy rates trend downwards, we are strategically 
managing asset yields and deposit pricing to balance growth and cost of funds objectives 
effectively. 
 
Fee income growth has outpaced asset growth materially aligning with our strategy to diversify 
revenue streams. We continue to maintain and enhance asset quality and recovery efficiency, 
reinforcing the resilience of our portfolio. We have taken a significant accelerated provision 
against our unsecured book in the current year, thereby enhancing our book quality. All this is 
in line with our strategic objective of quality of earnings. 
 
On the operational front, we are making steady progress across our strategic themes that I 
outlined -- the 12 themes that I outlined in our strategy document. For instance, our talent 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
acquisition efforts have been highly successful with overwhelmingly strong interest from top 
professionals.  
Of the 14 key N minus 2 level positions identified, we have filled 9 with new hires expected to 
join over the next 3 to 4 months. We are also thrilled to welcome Virat Diwanji, who will assume 
responsibilities from Shalini Warrier as she transitions to her entrepreneurial journey. Virat's 
addition significantly enhances our strategic and execution capabilities. 
 
We have launched Operation Udaan previously known as Free the Branch in my strategy 
document led by a senior internal leader and supported by a big 4 consulting firm. This initiative 
is set to modernize our branch operations over the next 12 to 18 months, unlocking significant 
potential for efficiency and customer experience. 
 
On the brand front, we are excited to have appointed Vidya Balan as our brand ambassador with 
our first ATL campaign featuring her set to launch in the coming couple of months. We are also 
collaborating with a brand design firm to refresh and elevate our brand identity with updates 
expected to roll out in the near term. 
 
While it has only been a few months since we embarked on our strategic journey across 12 key 
themes, the progress we have achieved is encouraging. We are committed to maintaining this 
momentum. Our focus on these themes is laying a solid foundation for our future success. With 
a clear strategy, deliberate execution and a confident team, we are well positioned to continue 
driving progress and delivering value. 
 
Thank you, and we are now open for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
I had a couple of questions. Now that you already started focusing on maybe loans and there was 
progress on that even in the fourth quarter, and do we expect that most of the consolidation on 
the lower yield segment is done? And can we return to the high teen loan growth in next year, 
that is in this year FY '26? That's my first question, and then I have a few others. 
KVS Manian: 
Yes, you want to ask your questions and then... 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Yes. Okay. Then in terms of deposits, congratulations on the strong growth in current accounts. 
You had already -- that was the key takeaway even in your strategy day. But is most of it very 
sticky because for many other banks, the year-end CASA is not very sticky. But given that you've 
kind of started on a low base, will most of it be very sticky and will stay on the book. And also 
in terms of margins, right, there are many -- I mean, there are many more or at least 2 more repo 
rate cuts expected? 
 
So where do you -- and then you will have an uptick in your mid-yield proportion. So what 
according to you is the level of margins below which you will not go overall for FY '26, right? 
Because the EBLR book is a high proportion. If you just do a rough math, it shows a big decline. 
But then the loan mix is also changing. CASA is also improving. So where do you see the bottom 
of margins in FY '26? These are my questions. 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
KVS Manian.: 
So coming to your questions, Mahrukh, if you really look at the -- we have provided that data. 
If you look at the medium yield segment, which I had also focused during my strategic 
presentations, the growth rates on our medium yield segment is fairly strong at 19%, right, on a 
Y-o-Y basis. And even on quarter-to-quarter basis, it's a strong number. So we are quite clear 
that that effort will continue. 
 
There are a couple of things there, which can actually grow better. In fact, if you look at that our 
gold growth Q-o-Q was not as strong as the Y-o-Y number, and that was because of the 
regulatory issues headwinds that we faced at that point in time. The new circular is -- draft 
circular is, in fact, favorable from our point of view, and we are quite confident that we will be 
able to resume growth in the gold loan product. 
 
So our mid yielding segment has shown strong potential for growth, demonstrated growth in the 
last quarter, and we are confident we'll continue the growth. On the -- you've also seen cards, 
which is what we have categorized as high-yielding products, has also grown strongly through 
the year. The product that has not grown there is personal loan which we believe that through 
this year, we will be able to revive growth in that product because we see, at least from our data, 
see clarity on credit environment being positive. 
 
And of course, the MFI, which we want to be -- continue to be -- we'll continue to be cautious 
for a couple of more quarters or maybe at least 1 more quarter, if not further to see whether we 
can grow that. So I see immense potential in growing all these businesses. And I also mentioned 
to you that in the corporate side, as our -- while we have just begun the journey on the mid-
market acquisition as we build that acquisition, I think we'll be able to build growth even in the 
corporate segment overall through the mid-market route. 
 
On the home loan is where just now the last quarter and last year, the growth was muted -- 
relatively muted. That's the segment where, like I mentioned, we want to look at a holistic 
approach to customers there, and grow that business. Given all of this, I am reasonably confident 
we'll be able to get a reasonable rate of growth going on the asset side in the next year. 
 
On the NIM, I would put it this way, Mahrukh, nobody knows that number. There are too many 
things there from our perspective. One is, of course, the policy itself -- policy rates themselves. 
Second is, we are changing our mix, as you can see, mid yield segments growing faster. Also, 
we have converted many of our products to fix from floating. We have changed T+1, to T+90, 
multiple factors playing, of course, our objective. And of course, we have cut savings rate, as 
you know, in April, so there are multiple levers playing. 
 
Our objective is to try and minimize the impact, but it is difficult to yet give you the guidance 
for the year on where the NIM will be. Obviously, our attempt is to minimize the impact on NIM 
and try to keep it as opposed to it is today. But it is going to be challenging to keep it exactly at 
that level through the year. 
 
And on the CASA side, let me put it this way that, yes, there is year-end effect in CA. We were 
also lucky to some extent because these happened at the end of the year, and we had large 
remittances inward into India, and they stayed for a few days with us, before getting remitted 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
out to the final destination. So we were a bit lucky. But having said that, even on an average 
basis, CA has shown over -- close to 7% kind of average growth rate in the quarter -- for the 
quarter. 
 
So while yes, there is -- as is usual in the CA business towards the end of the year, things do 
bump up a bit. But even on an average basis, we are fairly -- we have a strong growth there. So 
there is a fundamentally change in CA acquisition, our CA acquisition rate on the retail side, are 
at least 50% -- or close to 50% higher than what they were in the first 6 months of the year in 
terms of numbers and value. 
 
So there is a fundamental shift that has also happened, and we are hoping to sustain momentum 
on CASA growth -- CA growth and SA growth, of course, SA we can do more. But it will remain 
a focus, and we are fairly confident the team will be able to deliver that. I hope I have answered 
all your 3 questions. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Yes, thank you so much. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rikin Shah from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Rikin Shah: 
I actually had quite a few questions. I'll bunch them up together unless you want me to break it 
down. But -- so the first one is that if we look at the reported margins, they are flat sequentially, 
but your loan yields are down 8 basis points and cost of fund is up 5 basis points sequentially. 
So how is the reported margin flat Q-o-Q? So that's the first question. 
 
The second question is on the transition of REPO repricing from T+1 to T+90 days. I wanted to 
check whether this will be applicable only for the new disbursements or even the entire back 
book gets repriced accordingly. And an extension to this is that you did highlight that the SA 
rates have been cut by 25 basis points. But now given that your SA rates are in line with the 
front line banks for most of the buckets until INR5 million, do you see any other levers beyond 
INR5 million SA rate cuts, potentially or maybe TD rate cut to offset any margin pressure? So 
that's the second question. 
 
The third one is on the quantum of corporate recovery, which you had highlighted in the 
presentation. So what is the quantum of the same? And where would it be included? Would it 
be included in the recoveries from the written-off accounts, which is shown under other income? 
Or is it netted off from the provisions? Because both of them are moving very favorably Q-o-Q. 
So that's the third one. 
 
The fourth one is on the LTV on gold loans, right? So that has come off significantly by 6 
percentage points to 62% now. So given that it was well below 75% limit, what were we trying 
to optimize here, which resulted in the degrowth and now that you believe that it can start 
growing? So that's the fourth question. 
 
The fifth one is on the cost. So I just wanted to understand why are we attributing the cost related 
to branch expansion as a one-off because this is the medium-term strategy to go after the branch 
expansion, right? So why is that a one-off and why that may not recur in the future? And how 
do we think about the opex growth going ahead? So those are my 5 questions. 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
KVS Manian: 
Okay. Yes. So first one was NIM -- on NIM, Venkat? 
Venkatraman V: 
Yes, I can. Rikin, on the NIM, what has happened is, the increase in yield on investments and 
increase in other earning assets have helped us ensure that the NIM is maintained, in fact, it's 1 
bps higher than what it was in last quarter, 3.12 and the retained capital, which is as the 9 months 
capital, which is being used. That's number one. 
 
Second one, your question was on transition, T+1 to T+90, whether it's on new or existing, it's 
on new. Third question was on SA rate cut 25 bps, this is beyond INR5 million, any other actions 
I'll ask Manian to respond on that. Before that, I will answer your question on the corporate 
recovery, it is shown in the provision line, it's netted there. Manian, the question on SA rate cut 
and LTV for gold, Harsh if you can just have some... 
Rikin Shah: 
Venkat, sorry, just a follow-up on this before Manian takes the remaining questions. What will 
be the quantum of corporate recovery? 
Venkatraman V: 
That was 97 was one big account. Yes, there are a few others. It will be around 110 to 115. 
Rikin Shah: 
Okay. Got it. So if it is included in the or netted off from the provisions, then why is there a 
significant jump in the recovery from written off? Do we expect that to kind of taper down in 
going ahead or it can sustain at the current levels? 
KVS Manian: 
Rikin, if you have seen traditionally, Q4, we have very good recovery from written-off assets 
because there's a large push and focus on that. I don't expect us to repeat that level of recovery 
at least in the coming quarters. 
Rikin Shah: 
Got it. Perfect. Very clear. Thank you. 
KVS Manian: 
On SA rate cut, Rikin, I mean, as you saw, we have cut based on what the market has done. And 
we -- our actions on that will remain agile and watch the market and do as per what the market 
demands. I mean if the market goes further down, we will go further down. We will remain our 
-- retain our competitiveness and yet try and optimize costs to the extent possible on the rate cut. 
Harsh Dugar: 
I'll come on the LTV on gold loans. There has been on account of two reasons. One, the LTV is 
at 75%, but banks in general are required to maintain the LTV throughout the tenure of the loan 
and not just time of origination. Even accrued interest is what we factor in, and we keep a little 
bit extra margin so that we don't cross LTV at 75% at any point. That's number one. 
 
The second point is that the gold prices has also increased significantly. Hence, LTV does look 
attractive, unless people take top up, and we do not really chase top-ups either. So that 
automatically also helps us because the gold prices has, in fact, done a significant uptick because 
of the gold price itself. 
Venkatraman V: 
And Rikin, you had a question on the operating cost advance related. I think the context there is 
-- of the 85 branches which we opened in FY '25, nearly 50% of it was in Q4. That was one of 
the reasons where it got bunched up a bit, and you saw a bump in Q4. Having said that, it's one 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
of the core costs based on our distribution strategy. And over the year, we will see it getting flat 
line. 
Rikin Shah: 
Fair enough. Sir, the only extension Venkat here is that how should we think about opex growth 
going ahead? Because we are in the investment phase and those branch related costs is unlikely 
to taper off in the near term. So how should we think about it in next couple of years? 
Venkatraman V: 
See, on the branch related, I will ask Manian to respond on that. But on the cost income related 
question which you asked, we expect to be operating around the 53% level. The range will be 
around 52.5% to 53.5% in the next few quarters. And then based on how the growth plays out, 
we will give you further guidance. 
KVS Manian: 
If you look at our strategy document as well over the 3 years, we have not shown dramatic 
savings out of the operating cost, right? We are not guided a downward trajectory -- significant 
downward trajectory on the operating costs, and we stick to that as of now, we stick to that 
guidance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Xiyuan Gau from Schoenfeld. 
Xiyuan Gau: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just want to understand on the remittance market 
share that has been trending down over the year. Just want to understand what's happening there? 
And what's our strategy on that? Is that one of the key focus? Or it's more like we are focusing 
more on the CA and... 
Management: 
One sec please. You have to repeat your question. That was not very clear. We couldn't hear 
you. 
Xiyuan Gau: 
Yes. Sorry about it. Just one question on the remittance market share, which has been declining 
a little bit over the years. But what's our strategy there? And what's driving that decline going 
forward? 
KVS Manian: 
Yes. I'll ask my colleague, Shalini, to take this question. 
Shalini Warrier: 
So just to come back on the remittance question that you've asked, our remittance market share 
has normally remained in the range of between 18% to 20%. We do some -- see some differences 
on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but we operate in that range. Having said that, over the last 6 to 9 
months, we have focused also increasingly on 2 things: one, we've ensured from a profitability 
standpoint that we don't follow some of the trends of giving unnecessary discounts on rates, 
etcetera. So we've been quite disciplined about pricing. And therefore, our profitability from a 
remittance engine has actually gone up 14% year-on-year. That's one thing. 
 
The second thing is in order to ensure that volumes continue to come through our counters, we've 
increased our exchange house partnership and other aggregator partnerships, including 
stretching out into non-GCC geographies like the U.S., the U.K., etcetera. We signed up with a 
few more remittance companies, and we are starting to see throughput to our counters. The 
coming quarters, we will see an increasing share from those partners as the technology solution 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
gets embedded. So through both profitability action and volume actions, our remittance market 
share remains in that range bound that you saw in the presentation. 
 
We are committed and clearly, it's a very integral part of the business. It's a corollary to our NR 
business. It's a business we know and understand very well. We have a 3-pronged strategy, 
including relationship management, operations and technology. We will continue to invest in 
that business to make it more and more robust and increase volumes on that. Hope that answers 
the question. 
Xiyuan Gau: 
Yes. And on the corporate recovery, is any of the amount booked in the NII line? Recovery or 
corporate recovery? 
KVS Manian: 
No. No, the recovery is booked in the provision line. 
Xiyuan Gau: 
Got it. And also, you said that on the yield on investment, we managed to get it higher. Just want 
to understand, do we change prominently some of our portfolio allocation? Or how does that 
happen? 
KVS Manian: 
I didn't get your question. Can you repeat it, please? 
Xiyuan Gau: 
Yes. So you're saying that the yield on investment is helping margin this quarter. Just want to 
understand... 
Lakshmanan V: 
There is no significant change on the investment strategy on the bank. Overall, from an 
investment standpoint, the mix, duration, etcetera, has already remained the same. It is a 
marginal move, but nothing significantly on the approach. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. 
Piran Engineer: 
So just a few questions and firstly, congrats on the quarter. Our agri slippages have been inching 
up for the past few quarters. Anything to read into this? That's question number one. The second 
is just a reiteration or just getting back to Mahrukh's question, on loan growth outlook, are we 
saying that it picks up from this 12%, 13% or 14% level currently in over the next 2, 3 quarters? 
Or are we refraining from giving any guidance? And third, if you could give us the average 
CASA ratio for the quarter and the prior quarter, that would be useful. 
KVS Manian: 
So coming to the agri thing it is -- please read MFI in that. It is the MFI slippage that is causing 
that agri to be higher. Of course, our MFI portfolio is a small portfolio. But yes, there is slippage 
coming from that portfolio that is reflected in that agri number. So that is one. And as we've said, 
we have not grown that portfolio.  
 
We have remained focused on asset quality there. And -- but having said that, the slippages are 
coming from there. That is number one. Second point you had was a guidance on the growth. 
Yes, we are guiding that -- the growth will -- should get better than 12% that we have seen. Yes, 
that is a broad guidance. That is true. We don't disclose our -- the CASA number, the average... 
Piran Engineer: 
I mean you've given the rupee crore number, but you've not given the average deposit, so it's 
sort of you have a numerator not denominator.... 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
KVS Manian: 
We have not followed the practice of giving that, we can... 
Management: 
Given average CASA and EOP -- details of EOP for the rest of the split. 
Piran Engineer: 
Yes, exactly, which is what the question is... 
KVS Manian: 
We've already disclosed the CASA average, right? 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. Fair enough. And just one clarification, this 25 bps February repo rate cut was passed 
through right from the day after this repo rate cut, correct? 
KVS Manian: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Piran Engineer: 
That's how we calculate the limit? 
KVS Manian: 
We are on T+1 and 50% of our book is close to 50% of our book is repo. We are trying to migrate 
the new loans as well as existing loan on renewals, on non-retail loans to T+90, but that is a 
process, and that will not have an immediate impact on the -- it will take some time to migrate 
to that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Param Subramanian from Investec. 
Param Subramanian: 
Firstly, again, on the NII line or margin. So the NII is down quarter-on-quarter, right, about 
2.2%. So I want to understand, there is loan growth in the quarter. So how exactly are we saying 
that margins are flat quarter-on-quarter because that would imply that interest earning advances 
are down, right, on an average basis quarter-on-quarter? 
KVS Manian: 
No. So -- Param, the loan growth -- average loan growth is -- and it is about average loan growth 
and EOP loan growth. That's the difference. That's what is causing the drop in NII. 
Venkatraman V: 
Plus, It's a 90-day. 
KVS Manian: 
Plus, it's a 90-day quarter instead of 91-day quarter. There are small, small things that are making 
it... 
Venkatraman V: 
REPO rate cut. 
KVS Manian: 
And REPO rate cut. Yes all 3 put together basically. 
Param Subramanian: 
Okay. So actually -- so for example, last quarter on a flat loan book quarter-on-quarter you had 
shown a NII growth. Is it something related to that as well? You had shown 3% quarter-on-
quarter NII growth. So is it that the base was inflated because we're just trying to understand this 
quarter-on-quarter movement because that is not tallying  the margin that you are reporting. 
KVS Manian: 
Yes it's a very technical thing Param. Last month there were 2 extra days. We'll pick it up 
separately and explain to you. Last month there were 2 extra days. So a lot of these calculations 
we have gone through. But yes there is no inflation of one and deflation of other all that business 
in any case. 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Param Subramanian: 
I think I'll take this off-line. Yes. Another question I had on this -- on Slide 35 where you're 
showing that you've brought down the concentration of top 20 borrowers, depositors. But 
incrementally we are seeing that bulk rates have gone down right. And gone down more sharply 
than some of the retail rates. So is this -- are we sticking to this? Or will we be more nimble 
going ahead because opportunistically that's where the lower cost is? 
KVS Manian: 
So Param actually we have been nimble. If you really look at the quarter 2 to quarter 3 our 
wholesale deposits drop significantly, and they have actually risen in the last quarter. Top 20 is 
about concentration not about the overall book. So if you look at wholesale rates were lower, so 
we did increase our wholesale deposits in the quarter. Q4, the wholesale deposits have actually 
gone up. And the mix has changed. 
Our earlier wholesale deposits used to come from the financial entities. We have reduced 
dependence on them and actually got it from more LCR friendly and DICGC friendly sources. 
So therefore, we are absolutely nimble and agile in making sure the top 20 is about concentration. 
So actually we have expanded the base of wholesale depositors and increased our deposits 
without increasing the concentration. 
Param Subramanian: 
Fair enough Manian. So basically going ahead also we will be nimble and looking at -- if it is... 
KVS Manian: 
Absolutely. We will optimize cost of funds whichever way we can. And as I said earlier, in an 
environment where repo rates are only headed downwards. We have to be absolutely nimble in 
managing our cost of funds and therefore NIM. We will remain on top of that. And I didn't say 
that. But a small thing like our cash retention limits in our branches have halved in the last 
quarter. And that adds almost 1 bps to the NIM. So there are n number of things that are possible, 
and we will remain alert and agile to make sure that we optimize our NIMs. 
Param Subramanian: 
Great very helpful Manian. Just one last question if I may. This has been asked before. Any 
number you would like to put around the medium-term growth say balance sheet growth that 
one should be looking forward to? 
KVS Manian: 
Param we have given that guidance right? We have always said we will lay in 1.2x to 1.5x the 
industry growth rate or the nominal GDP growth rate both are roughly the same metrics, roughly 
come to the same thing. So that's the guidance that continues. And Param the evidences in seeing 
that in the results this quarter. If you see we chose to -- we had earlier said that we will choose 
to grow in mid yield segment. 
And we have grown that mid-yield segment at an average of 19%. So clearly our intentions are 
evident right what we want to do. 
Management: 
Param also on Page 17 of the deck we have also shown a trend analysis of our asset book, please 
go through that. It's something new that we have added. I think it will offer you a better 
explanation there as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deekshant B from DB Wealth. 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Deekshant B: 
Sir congratulations on the strategy working out in our favour. Sir my first question is that, in the 
previous quarter you have mentioned -- actually in the previous quarter you have mentioned that 
we will wait for the credit cost environment to stabilize before we expand in the unsecured credit. 
Can you just paint a word picture at what point will press the accelerator to capture that market 
which can help us get more sort of credit growth in that market? 
KVS Manian: 
Deekshant you can already see that on our credit card book, we have already started growing 
much faster. The growth rate is significant. If you have noticed the growth rate on our credit 
card book. So we think on credit cards, we were more -- we were getting more comfortable based 
on our underwriting standards and our book. We have got more comfortable and we are already 
pushing for growth in credit cards. 
And both organic and inorganic have grown. We have got a balanced growth going there. That 
is one. On personal loan as I mentioned I think we have noticed that the slippages have come 
off. And we are getting more comfortable in growing that segment going forward. And that is 
one area where we are about to start pushing for higher growth. 
 
The area that we are not yet I would wait for a quarter or 2 maybe is the MFI where we have 
still not seen slippages or the quality of the portfolio give us comfort to push the accelerator on 
that. So on the unsecured I would say, cards and PL we are okay to grow. On one we have begun 
to grow already. On one we will begin to grow now. And on one we will pause for a while more 
if that answers your question. 
Deekshant B: 
Sir you mentioned the credit costs. If you can give us a ballpark number on like out of our total 
profitability, INR4,000 crores this year how much would be the profit from credit cards? 
KVS Manian: 
It's still very small, very small Deekshant. So… 
Deekshant B: 
So any ballpark number would be fine because the... 
KVS Manian: 
And card business is about scale as well. It needs some time to scale up and deliver profitability. 
So right now the profitability is nothing much to write on about, still early. 
Deekshant B: 
Are we above our breakeven cost right now sir? 
KVS Manian: 
Yes we don't lose money. We don't lose money but we don't make money. Enough yes. 
Deekshant B: 
Got it. Sir you have mentioned that we are right now going towards much more of a fixed interest 
loan book. And as you -- from a philosophical perspective also from a value perspective also, 
we believe in having much more fixed loan interest book going forward. So let's say in the next 
6 to 7 quarters from 30% what is the growth that we are aiming to achieve? 
KVS Manian: 
No, no. Deekshant there is a nuance difference between what you are seeing and what I would 
like to communicate. It's not that we prefer a fixed rate book. It is just that there are products 
which are better done on fixed rates. And when we move car loans from floating to fixed we 
thought we were getting more aligned to the markets. And also playing some part of our book -
- better ALM match on some part of the book. 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Playing -- we don't want to overplay the fixed rate game because that game looks good in some 
part of the cycle. And it will not look good in some other part of cycles. So we don't want to 
overdo any of this. We need to get the right portfolio mix, right balance the portfolio between 
fixed and floating, long and short. All of that we need a reasonable mix so we don't have a 
strategy to push very strongly for fixed product -- fixed rate growth. 
Deekshant B: 
It would be in this range, plus-minus 2% to 3%? 
KVS Manian: 
Difficult to comment-- I don't know the math on that. But let me put it this way. If you see CVC 
we want to grow fast which are fixed rate products right? Car loans we want to grow fast which 
are fixed-rate products. Personal loans and gold loans are fixed rate products right? So I would 
say -- and you know we want to grow these. So it will play out. I would say and corporate is 
largely floating rate and therefore it will be lower growth than these. So I would say, yes, it will 
inch upwards. I haven't done the math on where it will get, frankly. 
Deekshant B: 
Sir, one last question here is as we are going towards more of expanding our CA book and also 
our corporate banking, could you just give us some sort of clarity into what is our major focus 
into the next -- which is the current financial year? I'm sorry, I wasn't able to enter into the 
Mumbai event that you had, I wasn't in town? 
KVS Manian: 
No. So broadly speaking, current account is, of course, not only corporate. It is a corporate and 
retail strategy. We have said that we need to bring more focus into that. And, of course, there 
are many things, products, distribution, all of that we have to see. So current account is clearly 
-- as we had explained at that time, the big gap CASA ratio is on the current account side because 
we had 24% plus 6%, 6% was our CA ratio and 24% was the SA ratio.  
So therefore, we saw an opportunity in CA and that's what we are continuing to focus both on 
retail and wholesale. And on the wholesale book otherwise, of course, our focus remains more 
holistic in terms of a customer based, RaRoC based approach to a customer. We want wallet 
share, which is a mix of advances, current account, foreign exchange business and any other fee 
business. 
So we remain focused on maintaining customer level risk-adjusted returns. That's our strategy, 
and that will continue. And that has already begun to play out, as I explained in the -- in my 
opening remarks, beginning today and we will continue to be the focus. 
Deekshant B: 
Sir, last question here. Our peers in the market have been able to be in the 40% ranges of our 
CASA book. Do you think that we can achieve that going forward, maybe in the next 1.5 years? 
KVS Manian: 
1.5 years? 
Deekshant B: 
Like 6 to 7 quarters, 8 quarters? 
KVS Manian: 
No. Look at our strategy document. We have guided that over 3 years we will get to 36% is what 
we have guided. We're not changing CASA ratio, at the same time growing the book is not 
possible to change it by 4%, 5% in a year. We will be realistic about it, but we will be able to 
grow it to those levels. Maybe in 5 years, if you are. 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Deekshant B: 
Okay. Thank you so much. Really appreciate this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of M.B. Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
Hi, sir. Just coming back on that margins again. So your yield on advances and cost of deposits 
have moved into different directions. So the number of days doesn't explain that moment. That's 
one. Second one is that in the last two quarters, you have significantly reduced your wholesale 
or the lower-yielding advances, it should have been margin positive on the yield side, even if 
you have some offsetting factors on the EBLR reduction? Just trying understand what are we 
missing here? 
KVS Manian: 
Mahesh, as I said, there are many small elements which have caused the -- Venkat, do you want 
to take that? 
Venkatraman. V: 
Sir I am saying only on the absolute NII drop, Mahesh is the 90 and 92 days, not on the NIM 
percentage. I hope that is clear. 
KVS Manian: 
Yes. So the response on the 90 days was NII minus 2%, not on the NIM, okay? So just -- just 
clarifying that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Shial from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Primarily, I wanted to understand, we are seeing a stagnation in your 
home loan book overall. You are saying you're focusing on better yield home loan product 
altogether. So if you can give some clarity what kind of customer profile or what kind of 
portfolio are you building it out here? Can you give some clarity on that, that would be really 
helpful. I have one more, but we will take it up later. But this is, if you can answer it? 
KVS Manian: 
So we are not saying that we want to build a different customer profile. We are saying, as I said, 
we want to -- we want a more holistic relationship customers while doing home loan business, 
which means home loan customers should give us multiproduct relationship rather than just 
home loan because home loan per se is not a profitable enough for ROE accretive product. So 
the idea is not a different segment, the idea is to have a relationship which is more holistic and 
therefore look for growth in that kind of a segment. 
Venkatraman. V: 
CA, SA, Insurance. 
KVS Manian: 
Yes. So it can be multiple customers like we have SA he can be a saving account customer, he 
can be -- he can have our card, he can have wealth management business with us, he can do 
many things, insurance many things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
So questions are firstly on the ROA levers. When you look at it maybe because of EBLR, we 
will see compression on margins. Opex also you indicated it might not come off, credit cost also 
to remain broadly in a similar range. So would fee income maybe the only lever in the near term 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
to manage the ROAs. And when we look at it particularly on the credit RWA, in fact, that's 
going up because of our focus on the mid-yielding segment.  
So if I -- if we have to look at it in terms of return on risk-weighted assets then that seems to be 
still lower. So what initiatives are we taking to manage that? And secondly, on your EBLR. So 
EBLR, we could say one daily set, what is the kind of proportion if you look at because of 
changes which we are making up maybe based on the T-bills and moving more towards the fixed 
rate. So should we assume that EBLR on one day, in fact, would be broadly at a similar range 
or it might come up as the proportion of the overall book? 
KVS Manian: 
Second part of the question, I didn't understand. First part of the question, Kunal, of course, like 
we said this is a multiple variables at play and we have to be agile. I think the only alternative 
in the current environment is to remain agile and manage these multiple variables. I mean, it is 
very difficult to say that this is one thing we will do and get our NIM management correct. 
 
So I think our approach to this is like you have seen in the last quarter, remain agile, find options 
which will keep control on our NIM to the extent possible. Sitting here just now I cannot be 
telling you what exactly I will do two quarters later because I don't know what the exact situation, 
and facts at that point will be. All I can assure you is we are being extremely watchful and agile 
about this and we will watch what are the right steps at each point in time.  
Like somebody mentioned on the call, we are on our first few banks to cut our interest rates on 
savings. So we will remain agile is all I can tell you and that's the initiative if you ask me. And 
the second part of your question, I didn't exactly understand EBLR related question, Kunal. If 
you want, we'll take that offline, I didn't exactly understand that question. We can take it offline.  
Kunal Shah: 
Okay.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parash Thakkar from SORT Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Paras Thakkar: 
Yes, thanks a lot and congratulation on a good set of numbers. Sir, first of all, fee income growth 
was very healthy. So do you expect the fee income growth to remain -- continue this kind of 
traction going ahead also? 
KVS Manian: 
That is what our desire and intention will be Parash, that is what our intention and desire will 
be. We will do our best to keep that momentum. 
Paras Thakkar: 
Correct. And basically based on your asset plan for the duration when can we return to the 
normal NIM, even if the repo rates are cut by 50 bps more, you will try and protect your NIMs, 
as you said in various ways. But just based on asset liability duration point of view, when can 
you come back to the normal. I mean that when the deposit gets repriced to the extent the rate 
cuts happen on the asset side? 
KVS Manian: 
Yes. So about a year, if you ask me, the broad principle wise about a year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishnan ASV from HDFC Securities. 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Krishnan ASV: 
This was related to Slide 17. I just want to understand the mix as it is moving towards mid-
yielding businesses, that's very visible '24 over '25. But is the economics in any of these 
businesses is also trending given your focus on doing more with the same customers. Can you 
just walk us through how this economics used to be, say, 2 years back vis-a-vis what are we 
targeting now and next few years? 
KVS Manian: 
I didn't get your question. Economics in what Krishnan? 
Krishnan ASV: 
The economics of that segment. So the mid-yielding segment, which you have highlighted in 
orange, which is now at 50%, earlier it used to be at 48%, is the economics of that business. 
What I mean is the return on assets that you make on that business, what did it used to be, say, 
2 years back, The Federal Bank of -- The Federal Bank 2 years back, what would it have looked 
like? Vis-a-vis what's your aspiration? Where do you intend to take it? Where do you think are 
the low-hanging fruits to take? 
KVS Manian: 
So Krishnan, broadly in principle, I'm not getting into specifics of each product. But the 
fundamental choice of mid-yielding assets was that they will be more ROA accretive than the 
low-yielding products, right? And low-yielding products for ROA accretion need other -- like 
corporate, for example, can be low ROA lending, but it can enhance ROA through other means 
like fees and things like that. 
 
Whereas products like CV/CE, these products, they -- on a standalone basis, they have the ability 
to deliver reasonable ROA, right? Of course, any cross-sell and anything is a bonus on top of 
that. But fundamentally, some of these mid-yielding products have ability to deliver better ROA. 
So that's the principle behind chasing what I call the mid-yielding segment. 
 
And historically, of course, there are products there which were -- like, for example, CV/CE is 
a new business, a relatively new business. It is about a 3-, 4-year old business, a 4-year-old 
business. And it has gone through a learning phase. Now the team is more confident of pressing 
the accelerator on that, which was not the case, say, 2 years back or 3 years back, right? They 
were still learning the business. 
 
We have stated in our strategy document that we'll get into businesses like tractor, we'll get into 
businesses like business loans, so there are all these mid-yielding -- I think there is immense 
potential in the mid-yielding segment to look for products which are standalone better ROA 
products. And that's part of the strategy. I don't know whether I answered what you're looking 
for. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Yes. On the cost-income ratio, which is a little high around 56%, 57%, where do you see it in 
another 2 years? 
KVS Manian: 
In our strategy document, we have given a guidance on our cost-to-income ratio. In fact, it is 
one item, on which I have not shown gain in reaching our targeted ROA and ROE. And we have 
essentially guided a flattish cost-to-income number over the next 2 to 3 years. So 53 handles -- 
that handle is what you should expect in the medium term for us to remain at. 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
Because we will invest -- we have several elements of investments, which, of course, we will -- 
as I have always said, we will calibrate those investments along with outcomes on revenue so 
that we can -- we earned the right to invest through enhancing revenues. But broadly, I would 
say, we are not expecting significant deviation either way from our cost to income. So if you 
look at the annual cost to income this year is what 54. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anand Swaminathan from BofA. 
Anand Swaminathan: 
Manian, since you've joined, has there been any change in the structure of the relationship in any 
of the fintech, any product changes, anything you can highlight in terms of any change in 
approach to your fintech channels? 
KVS Manian: 
So on the card side -- credit card side, of course, we had a regulatory issue on doing business. 
We have resumed business with one of the fintechs on that, which is Scapia. The other 1 is still 
under scrutiny in RBI and dialogues at RBI and the partner level. We will see and resume it in a 
form that may be slightly different, but we'll work towards -- will fit into our strategy. 
 
On the personal loan side, from a distribution perspective, we are enhancing relationships with 
more fintechs, because we are treating them as distribution partners. And that is something that 
we are expanding. On the savings account side, just now, there are 2 partners we had, we 
continue to engage with them in the same way, except that we have reduced focus on numbers 
and focus a bit more on quality of acquisition of accounts with them and cross-sell. Cross-sell 
and quality of acquisition has been a higher focus with those 2 partners. So those are the changes. 
Anand Swaminathan: 
Sure. And the decline in the personal loan account number is purely on a conservatism or 
anything else happening there? 
KVS Manian: 
Yes, like I said, through the last year, we remain conservative on the personal loan. We are 
looking at relaxing some of that, given the portfolio performance, which has given us confidence 
to go back and relax some of those norms. But yes, through the last year, we had taken our loans, 
and that is reflected in the lack of growth in the portfolio and also, of course, the decline rates 
that you see. Yes. Can we take one last question? 
Moderator: 
Sure. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is from the line of Jai 
Mundhra from ICICI Securities. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Just one question. Assuming no further rate cut from RBI and the basis you have tweaked your 
savings account, how should one look at the margins in the near term? 
KVS Manian: 
First of all, I must say, ghee sugar in your mouth. No rate cuts from RBI is not something that 
I'm thinking about just now. But that situation is quite hypothetical. I think there are going to be 
rate cuts and we have to remain agile and see how we manage our NIM. No rate cut is not even 
a base case scenario or extreme case scenario probably just now. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sure, thank you, sir. 

   
Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
KVS Manian: 
Thank you, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. We really appreciate it. Thank you for 
all the questions, and we remain committed and confident of continuing on our -- this journey, 
which is an exciting journey, that we are all looking forward to. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of The Federal Bank Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
