 
 
 
Date: 24.05.2025 
To 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001, India 
Scrip Code: 543989 
To 
Listing Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051, India 
Symbol: KALAMANDIR 
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference call held to discuss the results Q4 FY 2024-25 
With reference to the above-mentioned subject, we wish to inform that, 
1. The Copy of Transcript of the conference call held on Monday, May 19, 2025 to discuss the 
results of the Quarter and year ended March 2025 is enclosed herewith. 
2. The Transcript also uploaded on the Company’s website and the website link of the same is: 
https://sskl.co.in/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/Transcript-Q4-Fy2024-25.pdf   
3. The list of management attendees is stated in the Transcript. 
4. No unpublished price sensitive information was discussed in the call. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
M.K.Bhaskara Teja 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
M.No:  A39542 
 
 
 
 
 
Matte Koti 
Bhaskara Teja
Digitally signed by Matte Koti 
Bhaskara Teja 
Date: 2025.05.24 15:38:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Call” 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHARADWAJ RACHAMADUGU – SENIOR VICE 
PRESIDENT – SAI SILKS (KALAMANDIR) LIMITED 
MR. KVLN SARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SAI 
SILKS (KALAMANDIR) LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '25 Earnings Call of Sai Silks 
(Kalamandir). As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bharadwaj Rachamadugu, the Senior Vice President. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. A warm welcome to everyone present on this 
call. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited results for quarter 
4 as well as for full year FY '25. I have with me Mr. K.V.L.N. Sarma, the CFO of our company. 
 
Let me first start by giving you an update on the overall ethnic retail market scenario for quarter 
4. During the quarter 4, we had seen a decent number of wedding dates and a few festivals such 
as Sankranti and Ramadan that has led us to have a decent quarter. There was a slowdown in the 
month of February compared to January and March. The overall wedding dates in the quarter 4 
were almost similar to that of the last year. 
 
For the full year, the Indian ethnic wear market, as discussed in our earlier conversations as well, 
has been weak, especially during H1 due to the lack of wedding dates. Though quarter 3 and 
quarter 4 has shown recoveries in terms of the overall consumption. The calendar wedding dates 
have been more confined towards quarter 3 and quarter 4. The upcoming quarters does have a 
decent pipeline of the wedding dates and does have a distributed wedding date calendar, which 
we are all excited about and believe that this could translate into better overall performance 
during the upcoming seasons. 
 
Moving on towards our operational performance. With regards to store expansion, during the 
quarter, we had opened close to 25,000 square feet of retail area with our premium format, 
Varamahalakshmi Silks. We still remain to have no store closures, taking our store count to 68 
company-owned company-operated stores. For the full year, we have added close to 67,000 
square feet of retail addition this year, taking the overall retail square feet area to 716,000 square 
feet spread across 20 cities and 5 states. 
 
On the strategy front, our retail store network in Tamil Nadu is improving. And also, we believe 
to add the upcoming stores through our Varamahalakshmi Silks store network in the next year 
as well. We are identifying other potential regions outside of Tamil Nadu as well to steer this 
expansion and growth. We are currently looking at adding another 65,000 square feet retail area 
in the next year. 
 
During the quarter, considering the changing dynamic conditions of the Indian ethnic retail 
market, especially what we have had during the half year, first half, we focus some of our efforts 
towards advertisements and especially digital marketing. We increased our advertisement 
spends to ensure we leave no platform unturned to have a positive impact on the awareness and 
brand recall value.  

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
Especially because most of our Varamahalakshmi stores in the last year has been in newer cities, 
we wanted to leverage the advertisement and create a brand value in the local specific points. 
Our efforts to utilize Salesforce CRM has also been effective in this full year, and we anticipate 
to have a similar focus in terms of advertisement and CRM in the next year as well.  
We believe that when we move into geographies, this will have a long-term positive impact on 
the overall brands. For the year, we have gained 18.5 lakh unique customers, out of which 43% 
of our customers stood to be repeat customers. 
 
With respect to the financial performance for quarter 4, we did a revenue of about INR399 crores 
compared to INR360 crores for the same period last year, showing a growth of about 11%. Our 
SSGs for the quarter remained minus 1.5% compared to quarter 4 of last year. The market is 
slowly moving towards a positive trend, and we believe that this recovery should be strengthened 
in the next quarters to come as well.  
Since the first half of the year has been weak, we started off the quarter 1 with a high double-
digit negative SSGs that we had by the end of quarter 1, slowly started recovering to about minus 
5% SSG by the end of the year. For the full year, our revenue stood at INR1,462 crores compared 
to last year of INR1,373 crores, showing a growth of about 6.5%. 
 
Even during these challenging times, we still continue to deliver better gross margins. We have 
delivered a gross margin of about 41.7% in quarter 4 compared to 40.9% in the previous year. 
For the full year, our gross margin stood at 41.8% compared to 40.6%, showing a robust growth 
of about 110 points in gross margin expansion year-on-year. In this year, though, our PBT levels 
were almost similar to that of the last year, we had to make an income tax provision of up to 
INR21 crores for the previous years and therefore, our PAT levels were affected to that extent.  
We are continuously studying and understanding the store and changing our products to meet 
the needs of specific locations, especially when we move into newer locations. By understanding 
the sale patterns and by learning customer journeys, we are using our ERPs and systems to 
continuously curate the right products curated from across the store. Though we believe that 
majority of our business does have an impact on the wedding date calendar, we are making 
additional changes in terms of products to ensure the dependency on the wedding dates and 
seasonality is minimized. 
 
Considering that the decent wedding calendar spread out in FY '26, we at SSKL are very 
optimistic about the growth of our company in the next year, as well as plan to expand our retail 
footprint into one of the biggest ethnic markets of retail India, not just sunshine to the 5 states 
of where we are currently present to slowly start expanding into new geographies as well. We 
believe that our strategically focus, combined with our technology adoption will help us create 
greater milestones in the years to come. 
 
I will now hand it over to the operator and would be happy to answer any questions that you 
may have. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Ambala Krishna from Oman Investment Advisors. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
Ambala Krishna: 
So the first question is regarding this income tax lagging amount is INR20 crores. So what is the 
reason behind this amount of INR20 crores...? 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Ambala. You're not quite clear. Please be a little more audible. You're not 
quite clear. 
Ambala Krishna: 
First of all, this is regarding this INR20 crores of income tax. So we are accumulated this amount 
for the 4 years, so we can expect in '23, '24 also, and '24, '25 also similar amount. So what is the 
root cost for this one and the how this mismatch of accounting happened such a huge amount at 
the company level?  
And when it comes to promoter level, INR50 crores -- more than INR50 crores, that is INR58 
crores is too much. So what kind of issue was there and expect this kind of issues in future also? 
Could you please throw some light on this? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Yes. I'm Sarma, CFO here. So first on the company's liability aspect. Well, as you are all aware, 
the raid has happened on the company during May '23 for different reason, actually, where 
initially, the apprehension was about cash sales and all that. Having established fully compliant 
on those aspects, then they went into other details.  
So broadly, I will classify into 2, 3 aspects where they disallowed the expenditures. One is, 
during the initial periods of KLM fashion mall getting established, that is approximately 2018-
'19 and '19-'20 we were attempting the product profiling for this format., As you are aware, till 
such time, we were operating only on sarees, whereas in KLM, we had to do a different product 
profiling. 
 
So, while doing that, we have taken purchases from various small, small vendors who are not 
fully compliant with GST etc. And that was the period during which the GST thing was also 
getting fully established. So, in respect of purchases from small vendors we could not provide 
the last mile documentation in respect of those purchases. In fact, we have already reversed the 
GST input credit much earlier. So those cases where we have reversed the input credit, income 
tax department disallowed those purchases and added them to our tax liability. 
 
And on the second aspect - during the COVID year, we have paid the employees and 
others to the full extent during the lockdown period and kept them as advances against those 
staff. But by February/March of 2021, we realized that the second wave of COVID has also 
come. So, we could not insist on employees to repay all those amountsSo we have transferred 
all those salary advances to the salaries expenses without seeking recovery. So those amounts 
which were given to employees, which earlier was kept as advances and subsequently transferred 
as salary expense, were disallowed by the income tax department. 
 
- Since we are in a retail, business, there are a lot of small, small cash expenses that would go 
while maintaining the showrooms, wall paintings, phamplets distribution etc, in which they have 
disallowed a part of the amount for 7 years. So, these 3 aspects put together, the liability has 
come to the extent of a total of INR27 crores, of which last year itself, we provided for about 
INR6 crores in anticipation, going by the assessments that were happening.  

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
So, the final figures, including all that interest, etc, has come to INR27 crores, of which last year, 
INR6 crores was provided. And this year, the balance INR21 crores was provided. So, this is the 
final liability that will be there.  Going ahead, there will be only normal income tax and there 
will not be any tax relating to the earlier years. So, it will be a normal functional year from 'FY 
26 onwards. And the old income tax thing that has happened is now close to the full extent. 
Ambala Krishna: 
Okay. Then promoter, what is the liability? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: So, on the promoter side, what has happened is, before even we went public, I think in the year 
of '22 and '23, we formulated SSKL Family Trust because there were around 5 to 6 promoters 
in the overall equation. We wanted to ensure that everybody's properties and assets are equally 
distributed. During that process of registration, re-registration, there was a difference that the 
income tax department found with respect to the market value versus the book value. 
 
On account of those transactions being done, which was a part of our trust creation process, they 
have considered that these are amounts that are invalid and have considered for income tax 
calculation. So, on that front, I think we are working with the departments to ensure that, that 
this might going to be waved off. We are working with them. And we are quite hopeful that, that 
is just a transaction between one family member and the other family member on account of real 
estate. That should not have much impact on the overall side. I think probably in this particular 
quarter, even that should be completely waved off. I think we've made an appeal to the 
department. And in this quarter, it should be closed down without having any financial impact. 
Ambala Krishna: 
Okay. And on the company side, I think we are not... 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Sorry, I think your voice was breaking. Could you repeat again? 
Ambala Krishna: 
No, but INR27 crores income tax due, which is there. So we are not appealing anything. We are 
going to pay that amount completely, right? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Yes, yes. Actually, that we have agreed, and this is the final figure after the negotiations. In fact, 
you would appreciate that out of the INR27 crores, the interest component itself has come to 
approximately INR13 crores. The tax liability is only in the range of INR14 crores. And INR13 
crores is the interest that has accrued on that. And this INR27 crores is the final negotiated figure 
that we have agreed and concluded. 
Ambala Krishna: 
Okay. Understood. On the business side, so... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Ambala, I would request you to rejoin the queue. 
Ambala Krishna: 
No. I just asked only 1 question. 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: It's okay, sir. Please tell me, sir. 
Ambala Krishna: 
The last question, business point. So what is the number of stores or square feet additions we are 
planning in this year? And I think it's mostly located in Tamil Nadu only. Could you please 
throw an expansion plan? 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Yes. I think the next coming year; we are planning to aim to at least open an effective retail 
square feet of about 65,000 to 68,000 square feet of retail addition. Average Varamahalakshmi, 
though we provisioned for about 5,000, I think 6,000 average taking. I think those are the kind 
of stores retail addition we have open. 
 
With respect to the stores, I think we are going beyond Tamil Nadu as well. We are going in 
terms of Tier 2 cities of Karnataka. We are looking at expanding it to Maharashtra and a little 
bit on the Northern Andhra side as well. So, all of this taking into consideration, we want to 
probably open around 65,000 to 68,000 square feet. And mostly, I think probably 95% to 100% 
of these stores will be using our Varamahalakshmi Silks format only. 
Ambala Krishna: 
Okay. So Q1 last year was very muted. So this year also, we are expecting muted results in Q1 
or it will be a little better than last year? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: For the quarter 1 last year, I think there were negligible wedding dates. I think this quarter 1 
does have a decent pipeline of stores. I think at this point of time, I think we've completed close 
to 47, 48 days of our operations here. The results have been decent enough. We are seeing good 
results in stores. we are also seeing a good SSG level growth also. However, I think at the end 
of June, probably we'll get a little bit more clarity. So far, with our 46 days operations, we are 
seeing a good demand coming into our stores. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rushil from PINC Wealth Management. 
Rushil Selarka: 
My question is that, a core market, which is Andhra and Telangana. So I think over the last 1 
year, we have been seeing a muted demand over there. So what are the plans to get the demand 
back in those geographies? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: So, again, Rushil, so what I would like to point out is majority of our degrowth, if you look our 
backwards in H1 was on the shift of these wedding dates being there, the overall consumption 
also was weak in the last year. In quarter 3, though we gained back a lot of these SSGs and we 
gained back this demand. Demand in Q4, again, has had little bit of an impact. But there are 
basically 2 reasons why we believe that there is a slowdown. One is in the overall consumption 
levels as well as there have been quite a few competitive store openings, people who have opened 
especially in the last 3 to 4 quarters in Andhra and Telangana, that also had some impact. But 
the other reason could be with respect to the shift of wedding dates. Barring these 2 things, I 
think it is quite fine for us. 
 
And yes, so we are already starting to see this market share improvement that we are trying to 
gain back. In this 45, 46 days, we are seeing a good SSG levels growth. And I hope that this is 
going to continue. Majority of our degrowth particularly has been with respect to our KLM 
format. Apart from KLM format, we are seeing that SSG levels are positive, but KLM has been 
a little bit of a drag. Two things that we are trying to work on with respect to KLM is to trying 
to correct the product. We have seen some degrowth coming from the men's and the kids wear 
category, particularly. So we are trying to rework on the entire supply chain and procurement 
with respect to KLM side. So once this is done, which will probably be around by mid-Q2 or by 
late Q2, then I think for the remaining half of the year, KLM also will be doing good. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
 
What we are aiming by the end of next year is at least we should be able to be at a flat to a low 
single-digit SSG level of growth is what we should be able to expect in this full year running 
performance. 
Rushil Selarka: 
So if I have to put it that way that for the mature stores, we will be continue to maintaining SSG 
at a flat or slight positive level? Can we say that? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: So if you take KLMs particularly, I think we have close to about -10%.  
Rushil Selarka: 
Excluding KLM, if I just speak about, let's say, for our saree store format, so for the mature 
stores, so do we expect the SSG level at a flat or slightly positive growth? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: See, for non-KLM stores, especially on the other formats, we should be able to expect an SSG -
- positive SSG levels. If you take KLM also into consideration, we are looking at a flattish to a 
small single-digit SSG level growth by the end of this year. But with respect to non-KLM stores, 
I think we should be able to see a decent SSG level growth.  
Rushil Selarka: 
At Telangana and Andhra Pradesh geography, too, sir? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Yes. Yes, you're right. And, I mean, non-Telangana, Andhra is positive and that trend will 
continue. I'm taking both AP and Telangana also into consideration and giving you this number. 
Rushil Selarka: 
Okay. And has the competition intensity has slowed down at Telangana and Andhra Pradesh? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Yes. I think there is no new stores that we have seen opening up. There are hardly like very, very 
small players and like 2,000, 3,000 kind of mom-and-pop stores that are coming up, but nothing 
majorly of the size of what our stores operate under. There's not much that is being opening at 
this point of time. Whatever has been opened has been opened in the last 1 year or the previous 
year. 
Rushil Selarka: 
And sir, can you give us a breakup of the store format, if it is possible? Let's say, the 
Varamahalakshmi, which is being like major dominant store. So what sales we had done last 
year and what sales we have done this year in Varamahalakshmi format? And can you just give 
us some guidance on that? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Varamahalakshmi currently, even last year also FY '25 was 50% of the total revenue against 
INR1,462 crores of total turnover, approximately INR710 crores is from Varamahalakshmi 
format. 
Rushil Selarka: 
So next year, I think we should expect a good growth... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Rushil. 
Rushil Selarka: 
Just continue question. Just a continue question. 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
So next year, obviously, the stores that have come in last year will give higher turnover. And 
also, we will be establishing another 50,000 square feet on a staggered manner during the year. 
So, obviously, Varamahalakshmi share in the entire turnover should substantially improve. In 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
fact, in Tamil Nadu, Chennai stores, etc, are doing exceedingly well above the averages.  We 
have taken a specific decision to create visibility in the catchment areas of the stores that have 
been put in B centers like Salem, Hosur, Coimbatore and others. 
And we are expecting that the additional advertisement expenses that we have incurred during 
quarter 3 and quarter 4 should give a better result and better productivities in these centers also. 
These stores are right now in the maturity process and when a higher productivity is achieved in 
these stores, the component of Varamahalakshmi vis-a-vis the profitability out of these stores 
will be substantially better than the current year. 
Rushil Selarka: 
So sir, we can expect a better margin going ahead at the EBITDA level? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Sure. 
Rushil Selarka: 
Blended basis? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ankit Babel from Subhkam Ventures. 
Ankit Babel: 
I have a few questions. The first question is on your trade payables, sir. I was just observing that 
the pre-IPO, you used to have a very high trade payables. But post-IPO, you've repaid almost all 
of them. But we have not seen any meaningful improvement in your margins post that. So just 
wanted to know the reason that pre-IPO, you used to have very high trade payables, but post 
IPO, the payable days have reduced drastically. 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
See, the margin improvement will come only upon the sale of the product. So you will be able 
to see the improvement in margins on a staggered basis, which will come out of this better 
payment terms and getting cash discounts, etcetera. So from the IPO time, you must have seen 
that there is a progress on this front on a staggered basis. And also going ahead, you will be able 
to see that. 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: But I think on the overall as well, if you see our gross margin quarter-on-quarter, I think you 
have seen quite a decent improvement. I think about 1.5% to 2% kind of an improvement pre-
IPO levels to now. I think the gross margin actually expanded, sir. But as CFO said, I think the 
payables will be in effect only on the sale of products happen. I mean, once after the sale of the 
product is done, that's when this particular gross margin improvement will come. Whatever the 
improvement you have seen in the last quarters to come, especially in this quarter has also been 
on account of this as well. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And sir, second was that your retail area was up by around 10% in FY '25, but your 
employee cost was up by 20%. Why was it so? And what kind of growth we can see in this in 
FY '26 in employee cost? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Sir, I think the majority of the reason is because of the negative SSGs, I think the employee costs 
are shooting up. Otherwise, that's not going to be the case. Once we start having a normalized 
quarter, the employee cost should be in line with the normal store expansion. So this time, I think 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
this particular year, you should be able to see the employee cost in the same percentage levels 
as the previous year. 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
It also arises out of -- one - you can take approximately around 4% to 5% increase because of 
increments. And then normally, the store area is increased by about 15%, 16% in  
Varamahalakshmi which has a higher staff cost. And thirdly, when we are implementing stores, 
say, in the next 1 month, 1.5 months' time, we will have 3 major stores opening and the staff is 
already recruited and are under training at the existing stores.  
So this additional small cost on account of the future employees that are going to be operating 
the upcoming stores will also include. And whenever the sales increase, the incentive that is 
given to the employees also is increased. So it's not exactly on a proportionate basis with 
reference to square feet area that we can relate it. But overall, once the major store expansion is 
completed, this staff cost will get adjusted and optimized there. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, what's your guidance for FY '26 top line growth and EBITDA margins for the 
company as a whole at consol level? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Are we speaking about estimate? 
Ankit Babel: 
Yes, FY '26, what kind of top line growth and EBITDA margins you are expecting for the 
company as a whole, considering the retail area expansion and the SSGs in the different formats, 
whatever you are expecting? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: I think your voice is breaking. I don't know if it's just for us or for everyone. 
Ankit Babel: 
Yes, sir, I just wanted to know what's your guidance for FY '26 in terms of top line growth and 
EBITDA margins? So top line growth after considering the retail store expansion and the SSGs 
in different formats, whatever you are expecting and the EBITDA margins considering the 
product mix because the share of Varamahalakshmi would be increasing. So considering all 
these factors, what kind of growth you are expecting and the margins? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Yes. See, generally, we thought we' would give clear guidance in the second half after the - first 
half because in the second quarter, there may be some lag in the wedding dates and other things. 
But overall, the target that we are aiming at is in the range of about 15% to 20%, both on the 
turnovers and proportionally a little better on the margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Amol Rao from One Up Financial Consultants. 
Amol Rao: 
Sir, did I hear you right when you said that for the whole year, the SSG for the company was 
minus 5%? Or was it for a particular format? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: For the whole year, from the company's average is minus 5%. 
Amol Rao: 
All right. So I just wanted to confirm, you said the wedding dates are a little more distributed in 
this year. Is it fair to assume the same number of wedding dates as last year, plus/minus 5%? 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: In terms of the number of wedding dates also, more or less 5% additional days are there in this 
particular year, but more than the additional couple of days, the better thing that we are currently 
having is when you have a distributed calendar of wedding dates spread across between, not just 
1 half of the year, but which is spread across more than like 3 quarters, what tends to happen is 
when the customers that walk into stores, you're able to service them better because there are 
more number of dates or days that we can handle the crowd. Historically in the company also, 
this resulted in better performance throughout. So that's the kind of calendar we see in this 
particular year. 
 
If you take last year because H1 was completely negligible and everything moved to H2, though 
in terms of the date-wise, it has a decent number of days, everything getting cluttered into 1 
particular quarter will have some sort of an impact in the overall performance, but that is not the 
case in this year. 
Amol Rao: 
Understood, sir. And Bharadwaj, just 1 more clarification. Did I hear you right when you said 
that approximately 60,000 to 70,000 additional square feet in this year, mostly in the 
Varamahalakshmi format or entirely in the Varamahalakshmi format? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: No. In this particular year, we are targeting the entire retail square feet addition to be in 
Varamahalakshmi store itself. Maybe there could be a provision for about a store of Kalamandir, 
but 95% of the entire retail addition will be through Varamahalakshmi Silks format. And 
Varamahalakshmi Silks format has been that format where most of our expansion is happening 
in the South India.  
The market is better. I mean, the customer also prefer more on the wedding side. It's one of our 
premium formats when you compare to the other 3 formats as well. So we are going ahead in 
this financial year also with Varamahalakshmi only. And that's why you should be able to see a 
little bit better contribution in terms of the overall revenues and other margins and other 
operational leverage aspects as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Keshav from Counter PMS. 
Keshav: 
Sir, I'm trying to understand that since FY '23, our revenue has hardly grown by INR110 crores 
despite adding over INR700 crores to our net worth, basically, net worth has like tripled, but the 
revenue has not even grown by like 5% in the 2 years since then. So, sir, basically, it is a huge 
concern that where exactly the money has gone. And like the earlier participant said the payables 
have come down drastically without.  
So from INR230 crores in FY '23 to INR27 crores or thereabouts last year, and there is no 
improvement whatsoever either on the top line or on the margin side, whereas the employee 
expense also, if I understand correctly, has gone from mid-single-digit to mid double-digit, like 
in the sense, mid-teens. So basically, if you could just give us some overview that where exactly 
is the company going from here? And what kind of capex are we planning to incur in FY '26? 
 
And did I hear you correctly that this financial year, we are expecting 15% to 20% revenue 
growth with margin improvement? and also, sir, please tell us what are the -- our rentals as a 
percentage of sales? 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Yes. I will first address the net worth aspect. So, since we have gone in for INR600 crores IPO, 
so that entire thing got added to the equity, that is how you are seeing a jump to the extent of 
INR700 crores in the net worth. So, we are implementing addition of stores, particularly 
Varamahalakshmi format with the issue proceeds. 
 
From the IPO's time, we have added approximately 110,000 square feet of area on a staggered 
basis.   The stores that have been put in metros are doing exceedingly well. And the B center 
stores are operating slightly lesser than what we thought, and we have identified that issue. And 
then last year, in Q3 and Q4, we have spent additional amounts on advertisement to create, 
visibility particularly for Varamahalakshmi format. As you know, in addition to the place where 
the store is established, there will be a catchment area to the extent of 75 to 100 kilometers from 
where people come and make purchases for the wedding and occasions. So we are creating that 
visibility for these catchment areas also. 
 
We have spent amounts in Q3 and Q4 and some part will be done in this quarter as well. So, we 
are expecting a higher productivities from these B centers also by the second half of this year, 
where the calendar will be highly dense with festivals and the wedding dates also. So, we should 
see a quantum jump in the turnovers vis-a-vis the profitabilities from the second half of this year 
from the investments that have been made in advertising this. As you are aware, we have already 
expanded to the extent of 110,000 square feet subsequent to IPO. So, the amount has been spent 
on that and the asset is created, and this will result in better impact in the coming   H2 itself. 
 
Secondly, we also have approximately INR200 crores out of it for further spending. See, we 
have not spent the entire amount and the expansion is not completely over. So the expansion 
program will continue during this year also, whereby we would be adding another 60,000, 
65,000 square feet area. 
 
And once these stores start getting matured and delivering productivities as a normal 
Varamahalakshmi format, even a company level average, you can take it as 40,000 square feet, 
there will be a quantum jump in the productivities, the per square feet productivity and also the 
total turnover. Once Varamahalakshmi productivity improves,  Varamahalakshmi's share of the 
total turnover improves, obviously, the margin profile will improve a little beyond the turnover 
improvement. 
 
With regard to the employee cost, as you know, year '23, the employee cost was about INR141 
crores. And after adding about 1 lakh square feet also, the employee cost has come to INR198 
Crores. So it is also in the same proportion. There is no additional employee cost. Of course, 
during this expansion period, we will be having employees to the extent of 2, 3 stores who will 
be under training, those will be extra so that from the date the store is opened, they will be able 
to take over and do their duties.  
So there is no major inconsistency in the whole process. Only thing is the gestation period of the 
stores getting matured is a time in which we are there. And we are hopeful that from the H2 of 
this year, you will see all that efforts and investments get fructified in giving the results. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Keshav: 
So you did not touch upon the capex for FY '26, FY '27, the rental as a percentage of revenue, 
what it is expected? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Yes. See, I told you there is already out of IPO proceeds, there are INR200 crores available in 
the bank, which we will be spending for expanding to the extent of 60,000 square feet that we 
are planning this year. 
Keshav: 
And sir, what about the rental as a percentage of revenue? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Rental as a percentage after this expansion, as a percentage of total turnover is approximately 
about 4%. 
Keshav: 
Great, sir. And sir, what is the percentage of advertisement and sales promotion that you intend 
to incur going forward? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: See, I think especially what we have done in the last 2 quarter is, I think advertisement-wise, I 
think as sir has also mentioned, we've additionally incorporated more than INR12 crores from 
previous year to last year. So in this particular year, I think we will be more or less like about 
maybe 5% more than what we spent last year in absolute rupees. 
 
In terms of percentage-wise, that will still be lesser than the overall percentage because the 
additional turnover this year is going to add. So we can take more or less in the same lens of 
what we spent in the last year. 
Keshav: 
Sir, and so is it true that we are expecting INR1,750 crores around top line for FY '26? And sir, 
with what operating profit margin, excluding lease rentals? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: At this point of time, I think we probably are probably like 45 days in. I think what we are trying 
is about 15%, 20% of top line additions will definitely be possible for us. But giving a 
commentary on the EBITDA levels and PAT levels, exact number could be quite difficult at this 
point of time. Probably at the end of Q2 and the early of Q3, there will be a little bit more 
visibility, and I'll be able to give you numbers and guidance with respect to the EBITDA levels. 
 
But on the whole, what I would like to mention is because we are expanding with our premium 
format, because last year expansion also has been through Varamahalakshmi format, the overall 
the profile and the overall contribution of this particular format is better than the company 
averages, as well as better than any other brand that we currently have.  
All these factors put into place will be able to give you a better EBITDA margins, as well as 
PAT margins. Majority of our expenditures, if you take this year, has majorly been in terms of 
the additional advertisement costs that we have done, plus a little bit on the employee cost. 
 
And as I said, I think employee cost also because of low productivity levels because of the 
negative SSG, it had some impact. All of that, when it gets normalized, we will go back into 
normal ratios like how we had in the previous years. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Resha Mehta from GreenEdge Wealth Services. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Resha Mehta: 
Sir, the first question is on the gross margin. So previously, we've guided for that with all the 
efforts that we are taking in, in terms of volume discounts from our vendors and premiumisation, 
42% was a gross margin that we could achieve, and we are almost there, right? So from 42%, 
what is the further scope for expansion? And my question is more from a slightly, let's say, a 2-
year standpoint rather than the immediate next quarter. 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: yes, you're right on what we have done so far. So probably in a year or 1.5 years from now, there 
is a possibility to expand additional 1%, 1.5% of gross margin in the next 24 months. One thing 
that I wanted to mention is the gross margin, though we make an effort in terms of prepayment 
to the vendors early, the impact on the gross margin will only be when the sale of the product 
happens.  
So that is a continuous process. It has been happening in the last couple of quarters, and it will 
continue to happen in the next couple of quarters as well. And because we are adding our 
Varamahalakshmi format rather than adding KLM format at a low-margin yielding format, even 
that also will have an impact on both these aspects considered, maybe 150 points should be a 
decent target for the next 2 years. 
Resha Mehta: 
And again, the levers are the same, right, premiumisation and volume discounts from your 
vendors, right? So these are essentially the 2 levers. 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: That's correct. 
Resha Mehta: 
And a related question. So if we see your payable days, right? So they used to be around 60 days 
and now they are down to almost just 7 days, right, single digits. So is there a scope to increase 
the number of payable days? I mean, can we delay payment to our vendors a little bit because 
even as per the norms, we can get up to 1 month of credit? Or do you think that we are seeing 
healthy cash discounts because of the lower payable days and we'll continue at these levels? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Yes. So it varies case to case. Wherever possible, we try to work as delay as possible because 
any number of days added to our payable days is actually in favour to us. But at this point of 
time, I think when we sat down on this and when we did our modelling, we believe after the 
initial 2 quarters, the cash discounts are making a lot of sense to us rather than like delaying the 
payable days. So, case-to-case basis, whenever we are trying to approve, we are getting these 
cash discounts from our vendors, and we continue to do so. Though these days remain to be 
around 7, this is not going to probably be a continuous phenomenon. Probably we should be 
around 15 to 16 days in the long run. But at this point of time, this has been working for us, and 
we will continue to extract and squeeze as much margin with this number of payable days. 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
The specific thing for these 2 years is that, since the entire expansion is being done through IPO 
proceeds, there are generations in the company with which we are able to reduce the bank 
borrowings, as well as prepayments reduced level of creditors. So, by doing this, we are getting 
a better negotiating ability with the vendors also.  
So once this expansion is complete, in fact, we are expecting that we would be a debt-free 
company, by the year '26, this year in itself.  This is because of the internal generation that we 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
have during the year, which we will be deploying in reduction of creditors and the bank 
borrowings. So, this will result in reduced finance costs .and improved margins. 
 
Once the total expansion is complete, then we might require, at that point of time, an enhanced 
trade creditors level. But by that time, we would have a better negotiating ability being branded 
as a good pay master in the market. So going ahead, we will be able to maintain those discounts, 
though we will be able to get reasonable credit terms. 
 
So currently, this is the strategy for improvement of our margin profile vis-a-vis establishing 
ourselves with the vendors that we are doing. And as and when we make a decision whether it 
is profitable for maintaining credit or getting cash discounts, that we will, on a continuous basis, 
study and then take a decision on that. 
Resha Mehta: 
So basically safe to assume payable days to be in single digits or very low number, at least for 
the current financial year, which is FY '25-'26. My next question is on the inventory. So 
inventory, we ended the year with almost like over 180 days, right, almost 194, 195-odd days. 
And by FY '26 end, the exit rate, I mean, we are targeting around 160 days of inventory. So do 
you think with all the measures that we were taking, is that still a realistic number to target? Or 
would you want to kind of give another guidance for the inventory days for by the end of FY 
'26? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Yes. If you recall, at the time we came to IPO the inventory was INR653 crores. And then we 
have put up approximately 110,000 square feet of Varamahalakshmi area. So, in the normal 
course, the minimum inventory levels that we need to maintain should have been an addition of 
INR200 crores. But on a continuous monitoring and optimizing our inventory levels, we are 
reducing the inventory levels on a staggered basis. 
 
From the year '23 to '25, you would see there is an optimization that has taken place in inventory 
levels. Relating to the turnover, once these stores get matured and gives higher productivities in 
many of these stores, the inventory turnover should improve.  We are expecting that the 
productivity should be improving by around 40%, 50%. So, once we achieve those better 
productivities, you would see the proportion of inventory vis-a-vis the turnover is fully 
optimized. We should be able to get to 150 days of inventory by the year '26 itself. 
Resha Mehta: 
Okay. And lastly, on the demand side. So if you could just quantify the number of wedding days 
for the full financial year '25-'26 versus what was that number in '24-'25? And also the last 45 
days of Q1, how are you seeing the demand kind of shaping up? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: So in terms of the overall wedding dates, I think compared to last year and this year, there were 
marginally higher wedding dates. But as I did mention, the wedding dates have been distributed. 
So if you take an example of quarter 1 last year versus quarter 1 of this year, quarter 1 of last 
year probably are having around close to 11 to 12 days. But in this particular year, quarter 1, we 
have close to 24 to 25 days in this particular quarter.  
So that's almost like a 100% jump in the quarter. So in these 45 days of operation, we have seen 
a good double-digit SSG growth, but I think it's just been 45 days. We see some sort of a 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
slowdown coming at mid- to late of June. But on the overall trend, I think we should still be at 
a double-digit SSG growth in this particular quarter. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right, right. All right. And would you say that with your Q4 performance of 11% revenue growth 
and considering we had 9 wedding dates, which were well spread out from Jan to March, would 
you say that you would be satisfied with the 11% revenue growth that you achieved? Or do you 
think there were gaps in our execution or something of that sort where we could have probably 
done better? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: See, if you probably look at quarter 4, I think there definitely is a scope for betterment with 
respect to the operations. There was a possibility where we could have done better. There were 
2 impact drivers which were pulling us down, which is especially for Varamahalakshmi Silks 
format, we anticipated higher sales in AP. AP was a little bit dragger for Varamahalakshmi and 
for KLM, Telangana has been a dragger there. So barring these 2, other 2 states, another 3 states 
did perform well. It's just that the lower SSG level recovery that we could have ideally 
anticipated it to be a little better. 
 
If that would have happened, we'd be more happy. I mean, honestly speaking, all of this all in 
all, constituting probably another INR20 crores, INR25 crores of additional turnover with our 
SSG stores last quarter should have been a decent quarter for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So the first question is on the tax, just a clarity. So you said that now we have negotiated a deal 
with the income tax department for this INR27-odd crores. So is it like a combination deal that 
the promoters INR50 crores, which are also a big liability is also sort of solved along with this? 
Or that is just an expectation that it will be solved? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
No, no. Let me clarify this. Company's income tax liability as and when the assessments are 
happening, we have agreed to certain, we have not agreed to certain issue as - kind of a thing. 
And then ultimately, income tax department has agreed for some deletions, some additions etc. 
And ultimately, we have agreed that for a period of around 6 years, we would accept the income 
tax liability to the extent of INR14 crores, which along with interest has become INR27 crores. 
 
So, it is every year assessments, each year, each item-wise, we have discussed and where there 
was no major documentation available, we have agreed and they included that. So accordingly, 
it's not negotiated process. It is like we attended the assessments and agreed to some what they 
proposed and they agreed to a few deletions that we requested for. And this is the final figures 
that have come out of the assessment process for the total of 7 years. 
 
On the promoter’s front, promoters have presented their case and then they have not agreed for 
the liability that has been put on them by the income tax department, and they made an appeal 
independently. Both these assessments have taken place independently by the company's 
officials in respect of the company assessments and for the promoters, their own chartered 
accountants. They are all handled independently like that. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So as of now, that INR50 crores liability is the expectation that it can get resolved, but nothing 
has been... 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Yes. They have already made an appeal and promoters are hoping that this can be resolved either 
at 0 or a substantially lower figure. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. Okay. And secondly, sir, on the overall Varamahalakshmi strategy, so now the question 
is like we want to expand more. But if we look at our financials, if you look at our inventory 
days, the gross margin also, sir, if we look at the advantage that we got from reduction in trade 
payables, that itself is showing up as gross margin advantage. But I don't think at a company 
level, we can establish that increase of Varamahalakshmi share from 40-odd percent to 50% has 
sort of increased the gross margin at the company level.  
Similarly, our inventory days are higher and payables days are down. So, I mean, have we 
established that this Varamahalakshmi format expansion is proving to be fruitful to the company 
at an overall level because we are again expanding on this? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
At this point of time, during the implementation process, since these stores have not fully 
matured and they are not yielding the full productivities, you are finding the difference in the 
total turnover vis-a-vis the financials. We are expecting the Varamahalakshmi format that has 
put in Tamil Nadu over the last 1 year, 1.5 years are getting matured during the current year. 
And also whatever small and big effort on creating visibility that has to be made, we have already 
made. 
 
So once the same stores, if they give higher productivities and then operate to the optimum 
capacity, you will find a substantial difference in the financials, both on the turnovers as also on 
the profitability. So we are in the gestation period at this point of time where the stores have 
been established and we have not reached to the optimum level of productivities. That is why 
the financials are looking a bit easy. But by the year-end '26, we should see a substantial 
difference having got the full productivities on these stores. 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: A quick point, Sarvesh. If you look at the current levels of gross margin right from the IPO time, 
it's on account of both the things, right? So one is Varamahalakshmi stores getting added and 
two is the vendor level discount that we are able to get on reduction of the payable days. This is 
basically a double-edged effect that you're seeing on the gross margin level that is going to 
continue along with whatever has been mentioned. It is not just the advantage what we have got 
is not purely on account of just adding Varamahalakshmi stores or not just on account of making 
our payable days better. It's a combined effect of both these things together. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Harshit Khadka from RoboCap. 
Harshit Khadka: 
My question is already answered. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Niharika Karnani from CapGrow Capital. 
Niharika Karnani: 
So my first question is on the inventory aging. What is the current inventory aging as of FY '25? 
And we have seen inventory increasing from INR690 crores in FY '23 to INR778 crores in FY 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
'25 with inventory turnover ratio getting reduced. So is our inventory piling up? And does that 
pose a risk to the company? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Okay. 2023 to '25, we have added more than 1 lakh square feet of the Varamahalakshmi area. 
As you are aware, the Varamahalakshmi minimum base quantities that we need to maintain in 
the stores itself is INR20,000 per square feet.  But since we are optimizing on the inventory part 
also, we were able to maintain at INR770 crores. Otherwise, that should have been an accretion 
to the extent of INR200 crores on the inventory. 
 
Secondly, the reference to our turnover, inventory turnover, the figure is looking low right now 
because the productivities in the stores have not been optimized. Once we reach optimized 
productivity levels, the inventory turnover would look much better than what it is appearing 
today. 
Niharika Karnani: 
And what is the current inventory aging? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
I think we have approximately around 5% over 2 years. 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Yes. I think the inventory above the age of 1 year is around 11.5% and about 2 years is around 
close to 5.5% to 6%. I mean, what I would like to mention is these inventories, though it's a year 
or 2 years, doesn't really fade away the value per se. The kind of fashion and because it's one 
size fits all, it generally doesn't have such sort of an impact.  
it still has quite a decent number of opportunity for them to get sold out. I mean, one of the major 
reasons why we are confident about this is with respect to the employee commissions and 
incentive structure that is basically wrapped around the inventory aging. All of these things put 
together, I think, should definitely not be a problem in the current situation. 
 
And one other thing is, I think as was also mentioned by CFO, see, from '23 to '25, I think the 
inventory optimization did happen. Especially from last year to this year only, we have done an 
optimization close to INR60 crores to INR70 crores. As we expand, I think this number should 
further get optimized. So I think there's definitely an improvement this year, and there will 
definitely be an improvement next year as well. 
Niharika Karnani: 
Understood. Sir, just one more question here. So with the inventory aging numbers given by 
you, is there any risk of selling out those inventories, say, there is a fashion change or change in 
taste and preferences of people? So is there any risk of that is reaching the stage of liquidation? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: No, I think that risk is negligible actually because as I did tell you, this one size fits all and 
majority of our products using our personalized commission and incentive structure that we 
have, there's a beautiful system which is wrapped around the inventory aging and the incentive 
structure.  
So if you see the employees get paid basis on the inventory aging. So the moment they identify 
that there is a particular stock, which is moving beyond 6 months or beyond 9 months because 
the employees and staff get better incentive on selling these things, a lot of these things actually 
turn in our favor. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
 
The best part is most of our products does not involve customer walking in and figuring out it 
themselves. That's where the challenge happens. But unlike that, when the employees are 
required to showcase the products from  the shelves, showing to the customer and displaying it 
to them and explaining it to them, most of these risk factors get nullified. If you incentivize the 
salesmen properly, I think a lot of these inventory-related issues is not going to be there. At a 
company level, we are not worried about this particular fashion or style moving away. Anything 
less than 3 years is something that we do not worry about at all. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Anuj Kashyap from A3 Capital. 
Anuj Kashyap: 
Last year, we have announced our silver jewellery business. So why there is no mention in the 
investor presentation about that business? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Yes, sure. So with respect to the silver jewellery, I think the total aggregated retail square feet 
of our silver jewelry stores is less than 10,000 square feet on the overall side. I think these are 
all small pop-up segments in the store that we better used in terms of the service area. There was 
no additional retail square feet addition that we have made. All of this is actually provisioned 
within the service levels of our existing stores. And the total inventory value on this particular 
side MRP value is close to around INR9.5 crores to INR10 crores of inventory is there. 
 
I think what we have done is, we have launched this in the first quarter of last year. I think the 
actual season started at the Q3, we have only completed 2 quarters of implementation. At this 
point of time, we are not looking at expanding any new stores. We want to further wait for a 
proper season this year as well and then see if we could take it forward. 
 
It remains to be in the same stores. We are not planning to expand anything further. out of the 7 
stores that we used to have in the stores, I think we removed 1 store already, and we currently 
have 6 stores. We'll probably wait for quarter 2 of this year and look at how things are 
progressing and then take a decision on that. 
Anuj Kashyap: 
Yes, you're right, I think the stores were in the Kalamandir space, what I have read, if my 
memory serves me right. But what I wanted to know is what was the customer response? So 
there was no addition to our books. So what was the customer response? Just I wanted to know 
whether the products which we are selling or whether they were like the demand from the 
customer side. Just wanted to know about that. 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Yes. The nature is in that most of our stores, Kalamandir is there and definitely if you 
Varamahalakshmi stores, a small pop of around 300, 200, 500 square feet is what we have. But 
the nature of the jewelry business, what we've understood is customers need a larger inventory 
for them to choose from. 
 
With our existing store formats and adjusting the space by not impacting the regular store 
operations, which our entire core is based out of, we believe that we should either look at opening 
an exclusive store or probably like start maintaining these levels only. In terms of the number of 
options displayed to the store, I think what customers generally expect is a larger number of 
variety of options for them to choose from because we are operating in existing store, we don't 
have an opportunity to display a larger quantity of inventory for every customer walked in. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
 
So at this point of time, it is not moving much in our favour. If this continues to be the case by 
the end of first half, then probably we might have to look at taking a decision of slowly start 
winding up. And if things start progressing, then we should be able to start managing and 
adjusting the inventory per se and then probably look at expansion further down the line. 
Anuj Kashyap: 
Sir, just last one from my side. Sir, like what you said in one of your answers that we wanted to 
increase our margins. So, sir, is there any strategy that we are focusing on to going beyond the 
Indian borders, like the Middle East market is quite lucrative and the Indian traditions, how they 
are catching up on the social media and traditional rushes? So do you think that we'll be able to 
-- if we think about those markets, we'll be able to catch the higher margins? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Got it. So with respect to the demand-wise, I think we did get calls, and there is quite an amount 
of research that we are trying to do Middle East. But at this point of time, since our geographical 
presence is only in terms of South India and even in South India also, we are not present in 
Kerala and all of those markets. Our immediate focus would be to expand into the Indian market 
before looking outside. 
 
See, if you look at the current scope, we are only present in 20 cities and probably we are doing 
around INR1,460 crores kind of number. After this year, after adding the 65,000 square feet, I 
think with a 20% increase, our city count would probably be less than, 30 cities. So there's a lot 
of scope, a lot of expansion for us just in this core market, just inside the country itself.  
We believe that we have not even reached to at least 10% to 20% of the overall country's 
potential, and are maintaining at this kind of productivity levels we're having. Once after 
completion of our expansion slowly from our core markets, a little bit towards Maharashtra, 
Orissa and all these markets, then that would be a right time for us to look at expansion outside. 
At this point of time, probably not. 
 
With respect to gross margin, I think I already made this commentary before as well. I think the 
nature Varamahalakshmi Silks expansion, as well as vendor discounts, both these things should 
be able to get us additional gross margin expansion of about 150 points in the next 2 years. 
Anuj Kashyap: 
Yes. Sir, just a quick one. Sir, what is the age profile of our customers, if you have the track 
record, just for the idea purpose, what is the age profile of our customers? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: I'm sorry, I did not get your question. Are you asking about the age profile? 
Anuj Kashyap: 
No, no, sir, the age profile. What is the age profile? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Age profile? See, with respect to age profile, as majority of our purchases are wedding-based 
purchases and these purchase generally happen in groups. Because people who come are both 
the mother and daughter, mother, of course, will be around 40 to 60 age group and the daughter 
will be around 20 to 30 age group.  
These purchases generally happen in groups. And out of the entire saree purchase that we have, 
if you take example of Varamahalakshmi, 60% of Varamahalakshmi revenue is bridal-based 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
revenue and 40% is coming from your festivities. So that's how the ratio is between the wedding 
and the non-wedding purchase of VMS. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Piyush Bangar from Vijit Global Securities. 
Piyush Bangar: 
My question is how many stores were converted from Kalamandir to Kanchipuram 
Varamahalakshmi in FY '25? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: So we converted only 1 store of Kalamandir to Varamahalakshmi Silks. We have a provision to 
convert another store in this financial year. Probably by Q2, we should be able to convert another 
Kalamandir to Varamahalakshmi stores, and that's about it. 
Piyush Bangar: 
Okay. Another thing is, what is the expected time line for the launch of the warehouses we plan 
in the IPO? And how will these impact in the overall operational efficiency in the margin? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: So with respect to our warehouses, there were 2 aspects that we mentioned in the documents. I 
think we wanted to augment the current capabilities in Telangana/ Andhra. The second 
warehouse is in Tamil Nadu. With respect to Telangana, I think we want to wait for a few more 
quarters for us to augment the capacity. we are in the process of bringing a just-in-time model 
and trying to reduce the overall inventory.  
So we believe that the current warehouse, which is about 1 lakh square feet, out of which there's 
a space that is currently not being used there. So we wanted to use that space before augmenting 
that. So we don't see an immediate requirement in Telangana at least this year. 
 
With respect to Tamil Nadu warehouse, I think we already did opened a small 
warehouse/distribution centre in Salem, which is about 4,500 square feet. And using that, we are 
trying to work on a model where we can quickly dispatch to all of our Tamil Nadu stores. Apart 
from that, we also have a small warehouse in Kanchipuram. These 2 things are currently being 
serviced for our Tamil Nadu belt. Probably by the quarter 3 or quarter 4 of this year after adding 
probably 2, 3 more stores in Tamil Nadu, we will look at the strategic locations and probably 
add a warehouse in Tamil Nadu by the end of this year. 
Piyush Bangar: 
Okay. That's great. Second thing, just when you said about the wedding days in Q1 FY '26, you 
said that earlier the same year, like on a Y-o-Y basis, in Q1 FY '25, there were like 15 days, 15 
wedding days. And this quarter, we have something about 45 days. Please correct me if I'm 
wrong. 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: No. So I think last quarter, what I did mention were about 12 to 13 days in the last quarter. But 
in this particular quarter, we are having about 24, 25 days. 
Piyush Bangar: 
24, 25 days. So what about the full year compared to the FY '25, what are the number of wedding 
days we can expect in FY '26? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: So for the full year, we should be close to around 86 kind of days. I think quarter 4 dates are not 
out yet and probably we have to look at a better calculation. But compared to last year and this 
year, there will be an addition of about 5% to 10% additional wedding dates more or less. But 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
the important thing is the wedding dates being distributed would have another equivalent impact 
as much as the number of wedding dates. 
 
So this year, we see a healthy pipeline of these dates spread across the entire quarter. And 
generally, this particular quarter, quarter 2, there is a slight slowdown, but quarter 1, quarter 3, 
quarter 4 are considered to be better quarters in this financial year. 
Piyush Bangar: 
Great. And how many wedding days are there in FY '25? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: FY '25, I think close to 74, 75 kind of wedding are there. But in FY '26, I think there's around 
5%, more that is 84, 85 days. 
Piyush Bangar: 
Okay. Okay. That's great. I just have a few follow-up questions from the earlier participants. As 
you said that we have 43% repeat customers or repeat sales. Is that right? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Correct. 
Piyush Bangar: 
Yes. Earlier, we have reported like 6.5 lakh customers, out of which 53% revenue was from 
repeat customers. So why we are seeing this decline in repeat customers, if you could explain 
this? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: So one thing is, when you add KLM stores because KLM stores generally attract a larger number 
of customers and a larger number of bills, the number of customers who come into KLM are far 
more. So when you keep adding Varamahalakshmi Silks stores, because the number of bills are 
lesser, the number of customers are less, just that the bill value is high. So that's the kind of 
impact on the overall repeat customer. But apart from that, it is still in line. 
 
And last year, also on account of maybe a lack of a few wedding dates and the market has not 
been great in the overall consumption side, we have seen a slight decrease. But when you 
compare us like in the overall industry averages side, I think 43% repeat customer is quite good-
- which puts us probably in the top 5 or top 6 retailers who have a high repeat purchase. This 
year, particularly, we have gained about 18 lakh customers, out of which around 8.3 lakh, 8.4 
lakh kind of customers are repeat customers. And this is repeat customers in terms of number, 
but repeat customers' contribution in the overall revenue will more or less in the same number 
that you have mentioned. 
Piyush Bangar: 
Okay. Okay. Just sir, talking about e-commerce and digital thing. We have reported like daily 
website visits 18,703 in Q3 FY '25, which has declined to 10,603 in Q4 FY '25. But the average 
order value remains the same, which is 4,664. Why is it so? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: So when you look at e-commerce, right, so Kalamandir, Varamahalakshmi and Mandir, there 
are 3 websites that we currently run our e-commerce business. This year, I think Mandir and 
Varamahalakshmi Silks took a major advantage in terms of the overall contribution. Kalamandir 
was one of our lower-performing formats. So we had our entire emphasis on brand Mandir and 
Varamahalakshmi Silks, and that's the impact on that. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
 
Majority of the revenue share that we have gained back in e-commerce business, particularly 
came from these 2 formats and not the other format. Kalamandir typically has an ASP of around 
less than around INR700, INR800 versus Varamahalakshmi Mandir, the ASP is around 
INR10,000, INR1,000. So that's the amount with respect to the impact that we have. 
 
But overall, I think e-commerce as a business remains to not grow as aggressive as the off-line 
expansion because of the nature of the business itself. But still, we are happy to run the e-
commerce business because 100% of our e-commerce revenue is coming directly from our 
website, and we are not leveraging any marketplaces per se. 
Piyush Bangar: 
Okay. That's great. As you said that we are facing negative same-store sales growth in the KLM 
format. Are we planning any and as you said that we'll work on supply chain, especially in the 
men's and kids wear for better optimization of the resources. Are we planning any new stores or 
targeting new addressable market in the segment to make it like positive same-store sales growth 
as well as improving the efficiency? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: See, I think a lot of things with respect to KLM has happened. See, last year, I think we did put 
a good amount of efforts in terms of the marketing for KLM as well. But what we've understood 
is that, there were gaps in terms of the overall procurement, the sizing as well as the color charts 
what we had in KLM was not fitting right. And one of the major issues happened with respect 
to men's and kits. 
So with that, we understood the message loud and clear, and we are actually working on that. 
Probably by end of Q1 or probably by end of Q2, that corrections will happen. Until and unless 
we see a positive SSG growth for KLM, we do not anticipate to add any KLM stores and 
definitely not in this year or the next year. 
Piyush Bangar: 
And are we planning any new products or something like that? 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: So with respect to KLM, yes, I think we are putting more focus on planned purchases. We are 
trying to hire teams to help us optimize low productivity and low inventory products, remove 
them and probably focus more on the other categories. One such category is women’s wear as 
well. I think women’s wear, we believe, has a high potential, and we wanted to focus and 
leverage more on that. So in terms of adding new categories, probably not. Within the existing 
categories, we'll be probably making more changes. 
Piyush Bangar: 
I just have 1 suggestion to you. Please add the same-store sales growth across all the formats in 
your investor presentation. So it will be helpful to just take a look on it. 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Sure. I'll do that, yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that would be the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Bharadwaj Rachamadugu for the closing remarks. 
Rachamadugu Bharadwaj: Thank you all for taking time to join and participating in this call today. The current market 
trends seems to be quite in favour in terms of how the wedding dates are spread and overall 
demand-wise. We're also seeing consumption level demand coming back to us. These two levers 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
generally have been factors or pointers that help the company to grow further. So hoping to meet 
you all probably next quarter. Thank you all for taking time. Thank you. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited, that 
concludes this conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
