 
 
 
Brainbees Solutions Limited                                                                          CIN: L51100PN2010PLC136340 
Corporate/Registered Office:- Rajashree Business Park, Plot No. 114, Survey No. 338, Tadiwala Road, Nr. Sohrab 
Hall, Pune – 411001 Contact: +91-8482989157 Email Id:legal@firstcry.com  Website: www.firstcry.com 
 
FC/SE/2025-26/17 
May 30, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: FIRSTCRY 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 544226 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Audio-Video Earnings Call | Q4 and Financial Year ended March 31, 2025 
results  
  
Ref: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing Regulations”) 
and our earlier intimation dated May 21, 2025 bearing reference no. FC/SE/2025-26/09 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
In terms of Regulation 30 and Regulation 46 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the Listing 
Regulations, please see enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call with the Analysts/Investors held 
on Monday, May 26, 2025 post announcement of Audited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025. 
 The audio-video recording of the Earnings Call along with the Transcript has been uploaded on the 
Company’s website and the same can be accessed from the link provided below: 
https://www.firstcry.com/investor-relations/quarterly-results.   
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Brainbees Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Neha Surana  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ICSI Membership No.: A35205 
Encl: Transcript of the Audio-Video Earnings Call  
 
Neha 
Virendra 
Surana
Digitally signed 
by Neha 
Virendra Surana 
Date: 2025.05.30 
18:41:11 +05'30'

 
 
 
1 
 
 
“Brainbees Solutions Limited (FirstCry) - Earnings Call 
Q4 and FY25 Results” 
May 26, 2025, 6.00 p.m. IST 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Managing Director & CEO 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Chief Business Officer 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Country Head, Middle East Business 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Investor Relations 
 
 
 

 
 
 
2 
 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Brainbees Solutions 
Limited Q4 and Financial Year 2025 earnings call. This is Anish 
Arora, and I have with me, Mr. Supam Maheshwari, Managing 
Director and CEO of the Company, Mr. Gautam Sharma, 
Group Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Vivek Goel, Chief Business 
Officer of the Company, and Mr. Abhinav Sharma, Country 
Head of Middle East Business Operations. 
 
Kindly note that this call is meant for analysts and investors of 
the Company. We wish to highlight that the call is being 
recorded and by participating in this event, you consent to 
such recording, distribution and publication. All participants 
have been muted as per the default mode and participants 
will be unmuted once we open the Q&A forum for the 
members to ask questions after the presentation from the 
management concludes. 
 
We will be covering the presentation in the beginning of the 
call and we will there after open for the Q&A forum. We 
would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and the 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the investor 
presentation shared with you.  
 
With this, I request Mr. Supam Maheshwari to take it over. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Good evening, everyone. Thanks for joining our quarterly 
earnings presentation for Q4 as well as Fiscal Year ending 
March 31, 2025. Today, we have reserved one and a half 
hours, as we would like to take you through a little more 
detailed dive on our business, some more nuances that you 
have not seen in the past. We want to reiterate for some of 
the members who may have joined new. A baby’s first cry is a 
special moment for parents, and at FirstCry, we aim to make 
this and all such moments of the parenting journey filled with 
joy and happiness. This is our mission that we continue to 

 
 
 
3 
 
maintain and do every activity towards accomplishing this 
mission.  
 
Today, we will be covering the following agenda items. We 
will be covering our entire Fiscal Year 2024-25 financial 
performance, along with Q4, JFM. We'll also be covering our 
segments, four business segments: India Multi-Channel 
Business, which is our core business, International business, 
then Globalbees, and then Other segments. All four of these 
we'll be covering and then we'll also talk about our financial 
summary or consol performance of the Company.  
 
Moving further, let's just deep dive into our entire Fiscal Year 
2024-25 performance. For Fiscal Year 2025, we are happy to 
report a very strong growth momentum and improvement in 
profitability for the full year FY25 over FY24. As you can see, 
this is the consolidated performance. Revenue of the 
company, at a consol level, increased by 18% over FY24, 
becoming around INR 7,600 crores. Gross margin has 
continued to increase, with 159 bps year-on-year expansion 
to 23% absolute increase versus FY24. And adjusted EBITDA, 
adjusted for ESOP cost, has also increased 90 bps year-on-
year expansion, with 43% absolute increase over FY24. And 
this, in percentage terms means to around 5.13% in FY25, 
over 4.2% in FY24. Also happy to report that overall cash profit 
after tax increased to INR 209 crores, which is 96% increase 
over last year. And super happy to report that India Multi-
Channel business turned PAT, as well as Free cash flow 
positive in FY25. We remain very, very optimistic and the 
entire team will be working super hard to deliver both on 
growth and profitability expansion across all our business 
segments.  
 
This is a new slide where we are disclosing gross margins for 
our different four segments, which earlier we used to report 
at a consol level. So, if you will see, all our four business 
segments have been continuing to increase for the entire 

 
 
 
4 
 
Fiscal Year, Revenue, as well as Gross Margin expansion and 
as well as Adjusted EBITDA. If you look at India multi-channel, 
revenue increased around 15% over last year, Gross margin 
improved 20% over last year with 149 bps improvement year-
on-year, and Adjusted EBITDA about 24% increase over last 
year. International business, also had 14% increase in revenue 
from operations, gross margin improvement of 13%. We'll be 
talking about in detail about all four business segments, so 
you'll get a more detailed color of the year, as well as of the 
quarter. And close to 140 crores of adjusted EBITDA losses, 
which is similar to around FY24. Globalbees had a 30% 
improvement in revenue terms over last year, and gross 
margin improved 36% on absolute basis and witnessed 186 
bps increase. And Adjusted EBITDA improved 856%, over last 
year, to INR 22 crores, with 121 bps improvement year-on-
year. Others, which is primarily our preschool business, had 
another good year of performance with INR 42 crores of 
revenue with, expansion of gross margin and almost INR 10 
crores of adjusted EBITDA, which leads to close to 24% of 
Adjusted EBITDA over last year of 17.5%. So all four business 
segments have done fairly well for the year.  
 
For the Q4 performance, if you look at our annual unique 
transacting customers, which essentially includes our India 
Multi-Channel and International Business, improved 17%, for 
the trailing 12 months ending March’25 over March’24, 
improved by 17%. GMV, which accounts for India multi-
channel and International, increased by 14% over last Q4 of 
FY24. Revenue from operations increased by 16%, which 
includes other business segments as well. Consolidated 
Adjusted EBITDA, improved for Q4 and witnessed 20% 
increase over Q4FY24, which represent almost close to 5.2%. 
And India Multi-channel adjusted EBITDA improved by 17% 
over Q4, which essentially was 9.3% over 8.9%. Cash profit 
witnessed a whopping increase of 484%, Q4 over Q4, to 
almost INR 69 crores, for the Q4.  
 

 
 
 
5 
 
With that, I would like, Vivek Goel to take you through our 
India multi-channel business, and I would like to state that in 
a lot of earlier calls, you had requests of certain more 
disclosures of some of our business, and performances of 
certain metrics. This time around, we are sharing a little more 
nuance around some of those disclosures which will help you 
to understand and appreciate our business in a little more 
detailed way. So I will, request Vivek to take you through. 
Some of the slides may be repetitive for some of you, 
because, our moats will remain the same, but since we have 
more disclosures, you will have a far more appreciation of the 
quality of the business that we are building. So Vivek, over to 
you. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Thank you, Supam. So, as Supam mentioned, in the next few 
slides, I'll take you through some of the important moats of 
the business, along with some additional information which 
will help you appreciate what we are building as a business. 
 
So, as you already know, that we are the largest multi-channel 
retailer for mothers, babies, and kids products in India. Of a 
total GMV of India multi-channel business, 78% comes from 
online and 22% of this GMV comes from our offline stores. 
Happy to report that this year we crossed 10 million annual 
unique transacting customers. Also want to mention that, of 
our total modern stores, offline stores, almost 45% of our 
source are, BabyHug, or FirstCry company-owned stores. So, 
as a business, we bring in a very unique proposition as 
compared to any other retail format, which is, where we have 
both online and offline strengths. And, if you really see that 
our business, and Supam has mentioned in past few calls as 
well, that our business lends very beautifully for an omni-
channel or multi-channel kind of a retail format. Because 
there are all kinds of customers who want to buy things with 
experience, as well as they want to buy it with convenience, 
so we serve both and over a period of time, if you really see 
our data, there are a lot of consumers who start purchasing 

 
 
 
6 
 
with us in an offline store and eventually become a very loyal 
online customer. At the same time, a lot of our consumers 
actually discover us online and they continue to purchase in 
the nearby offline store as well. So, a testimony of that, is that, 
of the total GMV we generated in the top 20 cities for us, 
almost 38% of GMV comes from these cross-channel 
customers, the customers who buy both in online as well as 
offline stores. Anish, if you can move to the next slide.  
 
So, if I would say that, mother of a young baby is the busiest 
person in the world. And as a team in FirstCry, we really 
appreciate that fact, and we strive to make things easier for 
them, when they come and browse our apps. So one of the 
most important things we have done is, we have personalized 
our app, basis the age and gender of a child. So, for example, 
if you're a mom of a 6-month-old girl, you would see a 
completely different homepage as compared to a mom of a 
10-year-old boy. So, for example, a mom of a 6-month-old girl 
would see products like musical toys or strollers being 
promoted on our homepage, whereas, a mother of a 10-year-
old might see remote-controlled cars and school supplies kind 
of products, which are more relevant for them. On top of this, 
we also personalize our app on multiple other accesses, which 
would include consumer behavior, as well as regional 
nuances. For example, if I would give you a very recent 
example, monsoons are slowly progressing across the 
country. So, some of the states in South India might see our 
product selection as well as promotion selection more 
conducive to monsoons, whereas certain other regions, which 
are still reeling under the heat, would see a lot more summer-
related product selection and promotion. So this curation and 
personalization really helps mothers, in terms of making the 
right choices for the babies, and easier for them. And we apply 
some of these learnings of personalization, also in our offline 
stores.  
 

 
 
 
7 
 
As a brand, we address the babies and kids' needs across age 
groups through a wide variety of assortment, which is almost, 
1.8 million strong in terms of SKUs, which are offered across 
over 8,000 brands. So, a typical journey of our consumer, or 
the moms starts from the pregnancy, and continues till the 
time their oldest child is 12 years old, on FirstCry. When we 
started our business, at that time, our focus was more in, the 
age group of minus 9 months to three years, or till the time 
the child was 3 years. A few years back, we expanded our 
selection to cater to the needs of up to 6-year-old child. And 
subsequently, we expanded to it to the age group of 12 years. 
So, also want to mention that as a brand, and as a retailer, we 
are very fashion-focused. And that could be seen in terms of 
the ratio of fashion business in FirstCry. So of our total GMV 
of multi-channel India business, 52% of our GMV comes from 
Babies and Kids Fashion, which includes apparel and footwear 
categories. All the other categories which contribute to about 
48% of our business, are powered by almost 300,000 strong 
inventory, SKU selection.  
 
This slide we have added to give you a little more color in 
terms of stickiness and long-term cohorts of FirstCry 
customers. So, if I would try to attempt to explain it to you. 
So, in Fiscal Year 2013, in the acquisition year, if a consumer 
gave us a GMV of 1x, over a period of 12 years, we end up 
generating almost 7.9x GMV from the same consumer. And 
that was for Fiscal Year 2013. If you see this report vertically 
as well. So for example, till year 4 column, which is 5 years 
post acquisition, in Fiscal Year 2017, the number increased 
from 3.4x to 3.7x. And, for the consumers who were acquired 
in Fiscal Year 2021, this number, for the first 5 years of 
revenue increased to 4x. So, over a period of time, we can 
clearly see that the business has demonstrated increasing 
stickiness. And, as I mentioned, that the 6 to 12 months age 
group, that we have launched some time back is still to be 
completely baked into these long-term cohorts. So we expect 

 
 
 
8 
 
these numbers to further continue to improve over a period 
of time. 
 
This is another very important moat, as a brand that we have 
built, which is the collection of highly curated home brand 
portfolios. We have built some of the most iconic brands in 
India when it comes to baby and kids products. Which some 
of them include BabyHug, Pinekids, CuteWalk, and BabyOye. 
So, over a period of time, what we have seen is our home 
brands have grown at a much faster rate, as compared to 
Firstcry GMV. So for example, in FY20, the GMV contribution 
of home brands to FirstCry GMV was 37%. In Fiscal Year 2025, 
the contribution crossed 55%. Couple of very important 
benefits and strengths that FirstCry Home Brand bring in, is 
first that, in our market which is highly fragmented, home 
brands bring in curated and high quality, much better quality 
as compared to the market, which helps in better consumer 
retention, as well as, the home brands at the second level also 
help us expand our gross margins. Amongst our home brands, 
you already know, that BabyHug is the largest mothers, 
babies, and kids product brand. We are the largest in terms of 
selection in Asia Pacific or assortment in Asia Pacific, if you 
exclude China. And we are also the largest multi-category 
mothers, babies, and kids product brand, in terms of GMV.  
 
Over a period of our journey, we have built a lot of important 
marketing strategies for us, which have helped us in being 
very prudent with our marketing costs, or optimize our 
acquisitions, as well as increase the retention of our 
consumers. I'll discuss couple of them in the next few slides. 
One of them, is the most unique things that we have built 
from our strategies is that we have built is that we are one of 
the unique apps to have commerce and community in the 
same mobile application. So, we operate the India's largest 
and most engaged parenting community in our app, which is 
also called FirstCry parenting. FirstCry parenting has 
educational information, provides educational information to 

 
 
 
9 
 
the moms, which is both professional-generated content and 
also, user-generated content. We also provide very important 
tools which are required by the mothers during the parenting 
journey, like Immunization Schedule tracker, Growth tracker, 
Q&A, as well as content which is video as well as text. And a 
lot of this content is actually, personalized basis the child's 
age, so that the mother, again, as I mentioned earlier, doesn't 
have to waste their time in looking for the stuff they don't 
need. So, parenting actually helps us in consumer acquisitions 
on one end, as well as retention during the most important 
and formative years, of a consumer coming on our platform. 
The second and very important strategy that we have is the 
hospital gift box program. So this is a long-standing 
partnership with hospitals. Some of those partnerships go as 
back as 13 to 14 years. We have partnered with almost 
13,000+ clinics and hospitals across the country, where we 
distribute almost 2.5 million boxes a year, at the time of baby 
birth. So, this is very important becaus the time of baby birth 
is one of the most emotional moment for all parents. And it is 
the perfect point of market entry for a brand like FirstCry. And 
just to give you a color about the scale that we operate this 
program at, so we cover almost about 10% of baby births in 
the country, through this program.  
 
So, now I'll hand over to Gautam, to take us through the 
financial numbers for multi-channel business.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thanks, Vivek.  
 
So, this slide talks about the growth in annual unique 
transacting customers, GMV, and orders. We continue to see 
a very healthy growth in our AUTC in March over last year, 
March, this is the 12-month trailing number. Orders and GMV 
have almost similar growth, for FY25 over FY24, which is 16%. 
And in Q4, the growth in orders, as well as GMV, is around 
14%. This was slightly impacted in Q4. It got slightly impacted 
because of three reasons: One is we have witnessed some 

 
 
 
10 
 
slowdown, especially in the offline business. The second 
reason is we have seen truncated winter. We talked about it 
last time that, there was a late start of winter, and in fact, it 
ended early. So that is one of the reasons, because of that, the 
GMV has got moderated. And third one is that we have closed 
a few company-owned stores in Fiscal 2025. These are the 
three reasons, because of which GMV growth and order 
growth got moderated in Q4. 
 
Revenue growth for full year is 15%, and for the Q4 over Q4, 
it is 12%. Again the moderation is because of the reasons I just 
explained. However, we continue to improve the EBITDA for 
the India Multi-Channel business, both on quarter-on-quarter 
and year-on-year basis. So, FY25 EBITDA, this is adjusted for 
ESOP cost, it has gone to 9.5% from 8.8% in FY24. And it 
represents around 24% growth year-on-year. Similarly, if we 
talk about the Q4 FY25 EBITDA numbers, it is 9.3% compared 
to 8.9% in Q4 FY24. This represents a 17% year-on-year 
growth.  
 
Now I will let Abhinav Sharma, who heads our Middle East 
operations, to take you through the International business 
slides. 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Thank you, Gautam, and Hello, everybody, and thanks for 
joining us on this call, this evening. I'll quickly walk you over 
the international business, where we started, when we 
started, and why we started, what's the journey look like so 
far. As you can see here, a very compelling reason why we 
initiated or started our business in both geographies in the 
Middle East, KSA and UAE. As you can see, KSA birth rates are 
even higher than India and, the spends per child to top that 
up, is about 8 times higher as compared to India, and about 
17 times higher in UAE as compared to India. So, very 
compelling reasons for us to be present here in both the 
markets. And, it represents a large market opportunity for us, 
as well as very favorable demographics. Anish, go to the next 

 
 
 
11 
 
slide, please. So, our journey thus far, we started, first in UAE 
in October 2019, and subsequently in KSA in August’22. And 
the basic tenet of our business in both markets 
internationally, has been replicating a very well-defined and 
evolving sort of a playbook that India business has created 
over the last 15 years. And, we are online only right now in 
UAE and KSA, both the markets we are operating as a pure-
play e-commerce player in our vertical. And, the average 
order values in the international segment is more than 4 times 
that of India average order value, as of now.  
 
This is a very important slide. This shows you how the gross 
margin values, or gross margin percentages have evolved, in 
both the markets, India as well as international, in certain 
timestamps. In India, as you can see, we started in FY11, and 
after 7 years, we clocked a GM of 24%. In the international 
business, we've completed about 4 years now, and we're very 
similar in terms of the GM percentage. So, the playbook 
impact that I was talking about in the previous slide, obviously 
it has a lot of levers. To speak of a few of the levers in terms 
of margin expansion that has played out in India, that you can 
see in year 14, a spectacular 36.6% GM percentage are: 
Increase in share of home brands in the GMV is one lever, 
share of fashion, which is kids and babies fashion in GMV, 
better home brand and third-party margins due to economies 
of scale, and of course, operational efficiencies. Now, these 
are some of the levers that the India playbooks handed over 
to us, which are also in play in the international market. 
 
Gautam, over to you. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Sure, thanks, Abhinav.  
 
So again, similar to the slides we presented for the India Multi-
channel business. This represents the growth in AUTC, orders 
and GMV. AUTC has increased by 14%, Q4 over Q4, however, 
the growth in orders, slightly got moderated in Q4, and even 

 
 
 
12 
 
full year. So we talked about a few horizontals during our last 
earning call. We talked about a few horizontals entering the 
Middle East region and that competitive intensity continues 
in Q4 as well, and that has impacted, slightly the growth in 
orders, as well as the growth in overall GMV. 
 
Next slide, please. Moving on to the revenue from operations, 
it has grown by 14% in FY25 vs FY24. However, the growth in 
Q4FY25 is little lower. It got moderated because of the reason 
I just explained, the competition reason. However, the clear 
focus is on improving the profitability and sustainable growth. 
You can see from the full year EBITDA numbers, it has come 
down from minus 19% in FY24, to minus 16% in FY25. While 
the losses in absolute terms, remain more or less the same, 
but we strongly believe that, the peak losses now are behind 
us. And we will continue to reduce the EBITDA burn, both in 
terms of absolute value and absolute percentage, quarter-on-
quarter moving forward. 
 
Over to you Supam, for Globalbees. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So, on Globalbees front, I think, this is a little familiar slide. 
We continue to operate in our four segments: Home, 
improvement and utilities, Home appliances, Active lifestyle 
& accessories, and Home and Personal care. As you know, we 
haven't acquired any business since September’22. So all our 
growth has been totally organic. Now if you will look at our 
performance for the full-year 2025 over FY24, it is 30%, going 
up to INR 1,577 crores. And for the Q4, we grew by 33%, Q4 
over Q4. And in terms of adjusted EBITDA, as you can see, we 
continue to improve adjusted EBITDA. Because this business 
is three and a half year old, and in fact, first year went around 
in priming the engine with a lot of category and acquisitions 
that we did, so really the business is fairly young, for it to be 
able to result into a more mature EBITDA. But as you can see, 
we continue to improve our EBITDA year-on-year, quarter on 
quarter basis. For the full fiscal year, we have demonstrated 

 
 
 
13 
 
1.4% EBITDA over the same period last year, it was 0.2%, and 
likewise for the quarter, where negative 0.3% has become 
0.7% positive. So, these are still early days, company 
continues to do, and the business segment continues to do 
very well, both in terms of the growth and expansion of 
EBITDA is yet to materialize in a meaningful way. 
 
If you look, this is a little more detailed color on the 
Globalbees. If you look at some of these segments for FY24 
and FY25, all of that we have tried to classify into five 
segments, although we just talked about four segments. So 
we have our core four segments, which is Home improvement 
& utilities in darker pink, slightly lesser pink is Home 
Appliances and very light pink on Home and Personal care, 
and Active Life and Accessories. These are core brands, and 
that have continued to expand. Other brands, which we have 
deliberately slowed down, and we believe, because of certain 
evolution curve, that have, if you look at even the right-hand 
side, the adjusted EBITDA from the core brands has been 
around 7.5%. And from the other brands, it's minus 31%, and 
the share of these other brands is reducing from 14% in FY24 
to 8% in FY25, as a deliberate strategy. So, over time, as the 
other brand's piece of the business reduces, and we will 
attempt at making it EBITDA neutral over a period of time, 
while improving our focus on the core brands, which has a 
disproportionate growth, high growth, than the overall 
business growth of 30% year-on-year. So it'll mean a very 
meaningful outcome, over the next few years, as we move 
along, the other brands reduces in size, and the Adjusted 
EBITDA for those reduces in percentage terms as well. 
Effectively, Globalbees as a business, will deliver a lot more 
EBITDA in terms of the bottom line, both at a consolidated 
brand adjusted EBITDA, and we believe we will obviously 
improvise on our corporate expenses and deliver a superior 
performance on the overall Globalbees adjusted EBITDA from 
1.4% going forward to a much healthier number over a few 
quarters and years to come. So, I hope this gives you a little 

 
 
 
14 
 
more deeper color on, some of these were asked and 
questions that you had in the prior calls, so therefore we 
thought to share this additional piece of information.  
 
I would now request Gautam to talk about the other segments 
and consol performance. 
 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So other category largely includes our preschool business. We 
have a strong growth in preschool partnership across 160 
cities now. And you can see the preschool numbers, the 
number of operational preschools, from 105 in FY23, we have 
increased this to 208 in FY24, and now we have 363 
operational schools. You can see a healthy jump in the 
number of students enrolled as well. For FY25 it is 18,470 
students who have enrolled in our schools. 
 
Revenue continues to improve from INR 33 crore, we have 
posted a revenue of INR 42 crore for FY25. And the same thing 
is with EBITDA, we continue to improve our EBITDA, from 
negative 13% in FY23, we have now reached to EBITDA of 
24%. 
 
This is about the consol performance for all business 
segments put together. We are just refreshing, in this slide, in 
the form of graphical presentation that Supam has done 
initiatlly. All four business segments: India multi-channel 
Business, which is the core, International, Globalbees, and 
others, all continue to grow their revenue and continue to 
improve their profitability year on year. From 8.8% to 9.5% in 
case of India multi-channel business. For a minus 19% to 
minus 16% in International business. For Globalbees business, 
0.2% to 1.4%. And in our preschool business, from 18% to 24% 
EBITDA in FY25. 
 
As a result, combining these four segments, we get a 18% 
growth in our consol net revenue for FY25 over FY24, and a 
16% growth in our net revenue in Q4 FY25 over Q4 FY24. The 

 
 
 
15 
 
green boxes, in this graph, are the consol gross margins. So 
you can see those are also continuously improving from 36.7% 
in Q4 FY24, we have improved this to 37.5%, and from 35.8% 
in FY24, we have improved this to 37.4% in FY25. Likewise, we 
continue to improve the adjusted EBITDA as well. Consol 
EBITDA from 5.0% to 5.2%, Q4 over Q4, and from 4.2% to 
5.1%, in FY25 over FY24. 
 
This ends our presentation.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Happy to now take questions. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, team. We can wait for a minute for the queue to 
get formed, and then we can start with the Q&A. 
 
I request participants to raise the hands for asking questions. 
We will unmute you one by one, and you will have the access 
to the mic. Please introduce yourself and the name of the 
organization you represent. The participants are also 
requested to limit their questions to a maximum 2. For any 
follow-up questions, you may join the queue again. First 
question is from Videesha. Videesha, please unmute yourself. 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
Hello. I hope I'm audible.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes, Videesha, it is audible 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
Hi. This is Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. Thank you for 
the opportunity and really appreciate the granular data 
points. 
 
My first question was if you can explain the gap between 
AUTC and the order growth that we've seen in both 
International and India businesses. You've talked about the 
reasons for subdued order growth, but going forward, what 
can be done to narrow the gap, and when do you expect the 

 
 
 
16 
 
order growth to be in line with the AUTC trajectory? That was 
my first question 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Okay. So if you talk about AUTC growth with respect to the 
order growth, right? I mean, that's what your question is? 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
Yes. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
If you look at India, the delta is not that big if you look at the 
full year picture. Videesha, you will have to put it on mute, I 
think there was some disturbance. Yeah.  
 
So, if you look at the full year picture, you will not see any 
delta. What you're seeing as the delta is largely coming from 
certain slowdown that we experienced in our offline store 
network. Lesser footfalls, leading to lesser orders, is what we 
experienced, especially in January and February, which 
obviously got corrected in March with the season change. If 
you look at our online, while the slowdown has an impact on 
the customers coming back and ordering while the AUTC is 
registered once, it gets registered. Also, if you look at the 
online growth, online GMV growth for the year, FY24 over 23, 
or FY25 over 24, it remains 18%. And if you even look for Q4 
online growth, it is close to around 16%. So, which we feel is 
a fairly good number, in terms of the pure, sort of online 
segment. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Just to add, Videesha. There is no major difference between 
the AUTC growth and the growth in number of orders in the 
India multi-channel business. However, the difference in the 
International business is because, as I mentioned earlier, we 
have seen a few competitors entering the market in Q3. So 
that has led to a difference between the AUTC growth and the 
growth in the order. So while customers are coming in, but 
the frequency of those customer transacting, they may be 
doing some transaction on other sites because of higher 
discounts. So that's the reason, there is a big difference 

 
 
 
17 
 
between AUTC growth in the international business and the 
growth in the number of orders. India multichannel business 
is more or less in line. 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
That is helpful. And the second question was on the marketing 
spends. The ad spends look pretty elevated, so if you could 
elaborate on how should one think about it going forward? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari  
So, if you look at our consol business, I mean, we share our 
total overall ad spends. Globalbees as a business has a higher 
percentage of marketing cost, compared to all the rest of the 
three business segments. So the share of that segment has 
increased, therefore, you actually see an increase in the 
overall marketing spend. But we have ensured that we have a 
much superior expansion in the gross margin as a business 
overall, so that we can retain and keep expanding our 
Adjusted EBITDA appropriately. So that way, we have 
balanced our growth with profitability while, managing these 
two expectations. So one is more of a weighted average, 
numerical sort of a modeling, and second is, we've ensured 
while we do that, we continue to expand gross margin to be 
able to pull it down towards, increase in EBITDA as well. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
 
Thank you, Videesha. Next question is from Sachin Dixit. 
Sachin, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Hi, Hope you can hear me. Hi, Supam Gautam and broader 
team. Thank you so much for the improved disclosures. My 
first question is at a slightly higher level. If you look at your 
businesses, obviously multiple businesses, segments and a lot 
of moving parts, what do you feel a lot more satisfied about 
sitting at the fiscal year close versus where do you think 
there's a substantial effort, that you need to still put in? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Sorry, I'm not even clear with your question. Is there a 
question? 
 

 
 
 
18 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
 
So Supam, my question is, if you look at your business 
performance, right, obviously you cannot be happy about 
everything. So there might be pieces where you can tell me, 
okay, Sachin, I'm very happy about this, this, this, and this, and 
this is where probably we need to do a lot more work going 
forward. So that's the question, largely. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
 
Look, we would be, as a professional or as a team leader, our 
job is to remain hungry. I think we feel that we should have 
delivered more, both in India multi-channel and even in 
International. Rest other two segments have done well. We 
would want to expand our Gross margin, our EBITDA margins 
faster in Globalbees. School business is small, and although 
it's doing well. I think both India multi-channel, especially in 
offline, we would like to see, better performance, and I also 
would color it with the way that the opportunity 
fundamentally remains solid. There is a large untapped 
market, largely unorganized. We are the largest organized 
player. We are a true omni-channel or a multi-channel player, 
with 1,000+ stores and a large amount of business coming 
online. None of our competitors are like us, so we believe that 
the opportunity will be with us, as it unfolds. But yes, could 
we have done in FY25 more? We were doing fairly well, and 
we believe our online has done quite well. We could have 
delivered more in offline, in India multi-channel. We have 
become more cautious in terms of capital efficiency and we 
will remain that way. But we believe in the longer run and 
medium term, we should be able to pull back overall, as 
consumer slowdown improves, with some of the efforts by 
the government and some of our internal efforts, that we 
have at our sleeves that we will unfold, to be able to extract 
more growth, both at India multi-channel.  
 
And in Middle East, I think our focus will remain very 
profitable growth. We believe that while we had expected a 
little superior growth, but there's no point in getting that 
growth at a higher cost or a higher burn. We rather believe 

 
 
 
19 
 
that the way we have played out our story in India, when 
some of these horizontals were there, especially in times like 
2013 to 2017, when we played out, our similar moats are 
getting built up, in a similar way in terms of gross margin 
expansion, which Abhinav talked about. What we delivered in 
7 years in India, we have delivered in 4 years in International 
business. So, I think once our home brands get acknowledged, 
and get penetrated in those markets, we will continue to see 
superior adoption curve, and, improvement in cohorts, 
improvement in quality of customers that we will onboard, 
and so on and so forth. Some of these metrics will improve, 
and the long-term journey is going to remain with us. The way 
we have charted out. In short-term, we might feel a little 
unhappy about the growth that we are demonstrating 
because of some external reasons. So those are the two large 
points that I will cover. Rest, I think, everything how we have 
anticipated is playing out, in the way that the moats are 
structured, they're very fundamental and that'll continue to 
compound for next 10 years, or 20 years. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Fair enough, that's very, very helpful, Supam.  
My second question is on the franchisee network side. 
Obviously, we have not seen any growth in the number of 
stores in the last six odd quarters. So, what is happening 
there? Is it you not proactively wanting more franchisee 
partners? Or franchisee partners probably shutting down 
because there's COCO store which is much larger that they 
can't compete with? What is happening there? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So, Sachin, our position hasn't changed as what we talked 
about in our last couple of quarterly calls. We are very 
sensitive about the fact that we want to continue to grow our 
franchisee partnership. We have had strong partnership for 
almost 13 years plus, with many of our franchisee partners as 
old as 10 years plus in the system, some of them, even have 
multiple stores. So that remains very, very strong. And they 
have seen our journey for a long period of time, and they 

 
 
 
20 
 
continue to remain with us as long-term partners. So nothing 
has changed. Many of our franchisee partners are also 
partners for other retail brands in the country. And they have 
seen a material sort of a slowdown, so that's how, they've also 
become very cautious, and we have also become super 
cautious because we just don't want any larger store churn, 
although some of this is a very controlled. So, the criteria for 
us to select a partner has become taller and taller over time. 
In terms of controlling the churn, and in terms of superior 
customer experience that we can give to the end customer. 
Those are the reasons, while there has been gross additions, 
while there has been a churn, which is in late single digit and 
therefore, the net number remains what you are referring to. 
So I think over time, we have been adding stores, but because 
addition is lesser, because of the quality of the partners. And 
obviously in COCO, we have a far greater control and it's 
relatively easier, to have control, in terms of say that we have. 
And when the location is available, we can actually close and 
move on. But no change fundamentally. We continue to adapt 
more and more partners as we grow our business. In offline, 
both for the franchisee partners as well as the COCO. Yes, in 
last couple of quarters, you may have seen that, but 
fundamentally, there is no change. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Makes sense, Supam. Thanks so much, and All the Best for 
FY26. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Thank you, Sachin 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Sachin. Next question is from Percy. Percy, please 
unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Hi, Am I audible?  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Yes, Percy 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Yeah, So I just wanted to understand on your margins front.  

 
 
 
21 
 
Like, for the India business, what do you think is the stable 
state margin of this business once we get enough scale? We 
are at around 9.5%. So, where do you think we max out? Is it 
12, 13 or 15? What do you think is that number? And what 
will drive it? Because if we are already at 55% private label, 
how much more can we push that? Because beyond a point, 
we are a retailer, and we want to give the customer as much 
choice as possible. So, if the entire platform becomes 
predominantly just a private label, then the customer 
experience will also be affected. So, assuming that this 55 
goes to a max of 65, and that gives you some margin, but what 
else will result in the margin expansion? Because, see now our 
scale is not small, we are close to INR 5,500 crore kind of a 
top-line company for India itself. So, yeah, that was my first 
question, really. 
  
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure, Percy. Percy, first of all, I would like to draw your 
attention to the fact that, while we are at a 55%, and if you 
look at the slide that Vivek took you through, we have 
compounded, on an average 50% higher than our overall India 
multi-channel growth for our home brands. And that is the 
reason why we increased from 37% to 55% plus in last four to 
five years. Having said this, the journey hasn't stopped, the 
growth hasn't stopped of over-compounding in our home 
brands. So we believe that we will continue, and the reason is 
very, very fundamental. There are no big brands. In let's say, 
the largest category of Babies and Kids is a Apparel and 
fashion, you tell me a brand, which is in Mothers, Baby, and 
Kids in fashion, which will be lets say INR 400 crores plus. You 
won't be able to find a large brand out there, or multiple of 
them. Most of these brands, either have withered away, or 
have become very small. There are many of them which are 
INR 100 to 300 crores, or INR 100 to 200 crores range. And 
then there is a range of hundreds and thousands of them, 
which are mompreneurs and brands which are beautifully 
crafted by mompreneurs. They serve a very specific design, 
aspiration or quality aspiration or curation. And we will 

 
 
 
22 
 
continue to hold them beautifully in our portfolio to be able 
to solve for mothers who are trying to solve for a specific 
curation need. So, we believe that this partnership of holding 
them, while we will continue to grow as a platform, we will 
remain relevant to most of our brand partners, 8,000 of them. 
But at the same time, we will be able to continue to 
compound, because at scale, we can only do it. Building 
reliable supply chain, building reliable product, quality 
product, at scale and at different set of price points, that we 
will be able to bring. So, with that architecture, we are playing 
at a different price point, quality and supply chain, and at a 
scale, it's very hard for a small brand or sub-optimal-sized 
brand. That's not their aspiration. 
 
So, therefore, the blend of these mompreneurs or these 
brands, along with us, will continue and we will continue to 
compound much superior as we have done in the past, we will 
continue to perform that. So, we believe, without putting a 
number, whether it's 65 or more, we will continue to expand 
our share of home brands and we believe that we aspire, as 
we have shared in our earlier calls as well. We aspire, as in 
India multi-channel, to be at least, late teens, as an adjusted 
EBITDA. That is what we aspire to do, and we believe it is 
possible to deliver. The companies that we personally aspire 
and our management team aspire to be is Page Industries, 
where we can get there. Now, whether we take 4 years, 6 
years, 7 years, is that something that we can deliberate, how 
the opportunity presents to us. But we will not leave any 
stone unturned in terms of grabbing improvement of margin 
both at a gross margin level, as well as at a marketing 
efficiency level. Marketing efficiency is very unique to us. As 
you can see, the multi-channel model that we have, it's very 
unique. And then also, obviously our operating leverage, that 
we can get on a fixed cost. Because we'll not be expanding on 
our warehousing and so on and so forth. So, all of these will 
compound, as you will see, which we will deliver. We have 
been with you guys publicly at least for a couple of quarters, 

 
 
 
23 
 
but you'll continue to see us expanding gross margin as well 
as EBITDA for a very, very  significant longer period of time, 
till the time we believe that we have achieved our aspirational 
goal. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Sure, Supam. My second question is on the right to win for 
verticals versus horizontals. 
 
So supposing, if I just take the example of Nykaa. The two 
differentiations that I can see for Nykaa versus a horizontal is 
that there is a big threat of fix and counterfeits on horizontal 
platforms. And because Nykaa holds inventory and is not a 
marketplace and vouches for the products, that is one of the 
reasons why people buy on that. And the second reason is 
that, this is a category which has huge number of SKUs, there 
is a huge long tail, many of them are not available on 
horizontals, and that is why people go there. 
 
So if I have to find reasons why people need to go to FirstCry 
versus other horizontals, what would be the reasons in your 
case? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So, look, I think we are very different than some of other 
names that you just mentioned. First of all, our biggest 
differentiation is that, as we see, 55% of our GMV comes from 
our own home brand itself. They are not available on any 
other marketplace, fundamentally. So the end consumer, 
which is primarily the mother and young fathers, they are 
coming to FirstCry for two fundamental reasons. One, we're 
an MBO, which is solving for every curated need for a brand, 
for a product type, product size, in a much more curated way. 
That is what we are solving for. We are a very, very highly 
curated platform, and Vivek took you through some of the 
personalization at age level, at a category level, at climatic 
condition level. Some of those areas, when you club it with 
the age, it actually makes a world of a difference. And we are 
more of a discovery platform than a search-led platform. So if 

 
 
 
24 
 
you apply all of that, with our share of a home brand and the 
curation of other mompreneurs, with fashion being the 
largest sort of segment for us, it presents a very different 
outcome from a young mother or a father to be with us, 
compared to a horizontal. And as a matter of fact, BabyHug, 
just one of our home brand is India's largest Mother's, Baby, 
and Kids product brand in the country on GMV itself. What 
are the other moms buying on horizontals? BabyHug is not 
available fundamentally. So, there are two reasons why they 
will come to us, is simply, it's MBO on multi-channel. Sorry, on 
online, just, I'm talking about online because horizontals are 
only online. So, as a curation, for solving every need. And 
then, second is repeat cohort of our buying of our home brand 
itself, because the products are superior in terms of quality, 
experience, they have done it over years, and they just want 
to, for lack of brands, known brands that they want to repeat 
and they are satisfied. So, with these two reasons, they will 
continue to come back to us. And that is exactly what we have 
seen even in 6-12. When our journeys are ending for mothers 
from 0 to 6, because BabyHug is available, now it's PineKids, 
which is taking the journey and legacy of BabyHug to PineKids 
for the older age kid. So, the power of a superior product 
itself, apart from convenience of online and curation that we 
have built through personalization, is driving more and more 
consumers and stickiness of those consumers, as you have 
seen in the cohort, which Vivek also took you through, is a 
result of all of these work that we have been able to deliver. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki  
 
And may I be permitted. Sorry, yeah, please continue. 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
If I may add one statement to this. So, all the horizontals 
actually are a reflection of the market, which is highly 
unorganized. So, that is where, both in terms of home brands 
and the other brands as well, third-party brands as well, our 
curation ensures a superior selection, as well as experience 
for the consumer, and that is what, Supam was mentioning, 
increases our stickiness and strength for the organization. 

 
 
 
25 
 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Got it, got it.  
 
If I might be permitted, one small question more, on the India 
business growth. This year has been around 15%, which is a 
little lower than our expectation of around 17% to 18%. So, 
do you think this is a blip, or an anomaly, and you will come 
back to a 17-18% kind of number, or do you think that what 
we have displayed this year is more likely to be the 
sustainable growth going ahead? 
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So Percy, while you know, in the short run, it's very difficult to 
sort of outline exact data point. But what we collectively think 
that, the industry which is growing at 12% to 14%, highly 
unorganized. And this particular year, or rather this calendar 
year, starting from January, February, we saw a little bit of a 
consumer slowdown. And especially in the offline, so we 
believe that it is not a reflection of a medium-term approach 
of the overall growth that the industry will demonstrate. And 
being the largest player in the industry, we should be able to 
come back to a much superior growth. If you look at our 
online, even Q4 resulted in 16% GMV growth, quarter-on-
quarter, Q4 over Q4, I mean FY25 over FY24. But just the 
offline piece, we believe, I think it's just a blip, and even the 
government is doing its bit in terms of reducing some tax labs 
and some of the other areas where government help will also 
reflect in some of the more consumer pickup. Plus some of 
our other efforts internally that we are putting up, maybe we 
can talk about, but those are also going to fill up, getting more 
and more customers and improving retention or improving 
frequency. So, we believe it is just a temporary blip, is what 
we believe, because we remain steady and strong as far as a 
ship in terms of grabbing more growth over a medium to long 
run.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
And important thing, Percy, is that we are not losing our 
growth to any competitors or any new player. So we'll 

 
 
 
26 
 
continue to do better than the industry growth. While we 
have seen some slowdown, but we'll continue to deliver a 
better growth, compared to the industry growth. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Thanks, Gautam, Supam, Vivek. Thank you very much. That's 
all from my side. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thanks, Percy 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
 
Thank you, Percy. Next question is from Sachin Salgaonkar. 
Sachin, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar 
Thanks, Anish. Hi, management. Thank you so much for the 
improved disclosure. Two questions from me.  
 
First question is on International business. Clearly, the 
business is in nascent stages, but we are seeing an order 
growth of 8% on a YoY basis. And you guys clarified it's largely 
on the back of competition. So the question here is, is it only 
competition, or is it something else which is impacting the 
growth? And the reason is, see, the players which we are 
talking about, like Temu and others, are here to stay in the 
market, perhaps for a long time. And what we are seeing in 
other markets is, they tend to get aggressive over a period of 
time. So I was wondering if there is any change in strategy 
from management to accelerate the growth out here, given 
the fact that the growth is slowing for the last couple of 
quarters? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure, Sachin. I'll just maybe start the answer, and maybe, 
Abhinav can add to it, or Gautam can add. So, look, I think it 
was important for us, while this is some external factor that 
really played out. As I earlier also alluded, we have seen this 
in the past in India as well, when some of the marketplaces 
are very, very aggressive, but they became saner over time. 
That same thing will play out in Middle East geography as well. 
It is important that we keep our head down and build the 

 
 
 
27 
 
moat that we started our journey with, because that is what 
will help us, not just discounts or higher marketing burn or 
higher CPMs. So that doesn't help, except for, increasing your 
burn. It was easy for us, we had the money, we can do all of 
that, but we don't believe in that. It is better to improve the 
quality of the customers, improve penetration of the home 
brands, improve assortment of the home brands that we have 
in India, taking there, tailored home brands for the Middle 
East market as well, so we just want to focus on building those 
assortments, because it takes time to build those assortments 
and get the penetration of those assortments into the market. 
Get our product mix, the category mix, our home brand mix 
to a level that what India has already accomplished, in an 
accelerated way. Because once you deliver that, none of the 
horizontals will ever be able to sort of, they don't operate in 
that fashion. So, therefore, we will be having a very superior 
economics over a period of time, so we don't want to play a 
rushed game. We want to play a very steady game, to ensure 
that we build a sustainable, profitable growth, keeping a focus 
on reducing burn and making our Middle East operations 
profitable, as per our internal plan and within a few years, we 
want to make it profitable, a neutral EBITDA. That is what we 
want to focus more on through our own strengths, rather 
than actually, burning more sort of tyre. That’s how we are 
tracking ourselves internally. Not a rushed approach, but, I 
mean, if you want to add anything, or Gautam, if you want to 
add anything here?  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So, in fact, as Supam mentioned earlier, Sachin, we have 
witnessed, the competition from horizontals in India as well 
during 2013 to 2016. We stuck to our playbook on building 
home brands, improving margins, and today, we can proudly 
say that, we are the largest multi-channel player in India in 
terms of GMV and the largest brand is our Home brand, which 
is BabyHug. And we have taken the same playbook in Middle 
East as well. So, we will be focused more on improving the 
customer stickiness, as we have done in India. And you can 

 
 
 
28 
 
see the impact of the strength of the playbook in the margins. 
What we have delivered in India in 7 years, in terms of gross 
margin, we have delivered that in Middle East in 4 years. 
 
Abhinav, if you want to add anything? 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
 
I think, you guys have covered it completely. 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar 
Great. Thank you. My second question is on GlobalBees. 
Clearly a very phenomenal growth in a quarter, given the 
context that there's a consumption slowdown going into India 
and what we are seeing on the ground with multiple D2C 
brands, given the fact that consumer preferences are 
changing so fast, now with, how quick commerce is evolving. 
Not many brands are sort of scaling up beyond a particular 
level, so the question to you guys is out there is, should this 
be a steady-state growth going ahead in terms of, let's say, 25 
to 30%? Or how could one think about, a sort of a normalized 
growth in this business? And the same is in terms of long-term 
steady-state margins for Globalbees, how to think about that? 
 
Ms. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Going forward, I think, obviously the growth has to moderate. 
It won't remain at a 30% level. But yeah, it'll remain, 
meaningfully high, as you go along for at least next few years 
to come. And we are a young company. We have, some great 
brands and great sort of founders that are working with us 
and they are hungry. And all of us are working together to 
grow, some of these brands. And as I said, in their journey 
itself, they're fairly young. So they will have a very decent 
growth and even profitability margin as well. The slide that we 
talked about, the 8% of our business, which was 14% earlier, 
leads to a 30%, negative EBITDA. Once you shrink that, 
meaningfully low in terms of 8% becoming even smaller and 
30% reducing to zero, you can imagine our business will be 
even more profitable at a current stage itself. I mean, even if 
you don't increase you know, the gross margin or the 

 
 
 
29 
 
operating leverage within the rest of the brands, which is 92%, 
of the business.  
 
So, essentially, we are clearly saying that Globalbees business, 
over a period of time will improve Adjusted EBITDA, no 
questions on that. It will play out over a 3 to 5 year journey. 
It's hardly a less than four-year-old company. First year went 
out with a lot of acquisitions, as you know. It's not easy, but I 
just want to make sure that the business is done, segment has 
done very well, and we continue to believe that we will deliver 
stronger performance, both in top line and bottom line, for 
many years to come, because we believe the story is getting 
there. We have the playbook that we have executed well and 
it's getting stronger and stronger.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
And just to add, Sachin. So while, the consol growth of 
Globalbees is 30%, but if you see the growth in the core 
brands, 
the 
four 
core 
segments, 
the 
growth 
is 
disproportionately higher. 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar 
Got it. Thank you, guys.  
 
Ms. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Sachin. Next question is from Garima. Garima, 
please unmute yourself. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. I also had a couple of 
questions on Globalbees. What was the loss Globalbees made 
in FY25, and this CCPS infusion is essentially, to keep funding 
losses for the next 2-3 years? Or you have some acquisitions 
in mind, how should we read it? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
At EBITDA level, Garima, Globalbees is positive. It has given us 
a positive EBITDA of INR 22 crore. The other thing post 
EBITDA, the large part of the spend, is a non-cash 
expenditure, which is in the form of amortization of brands, 
which is roughly INR 100 crore every year. And some finance 
costs, towards the borrowings made by Globalbees and their 

 
 
 
30 
 
subsidiaries. Other than this, if we adjust these two items, we 
will reach to a PBT level in Globalbees. One important thing I 
would like to mention is, if you see the consol results, there is 
an exceptional item that we have taken roughly amounting to 
INR 37 crore. Those are towards the impairment of some 
brands in Globalbees. So you will see that additional one-time 
expenses impact on Globalbees, as an exceptional item. Other 
than that, business is doing very well. Brand amortization is 
the classification of investment done by Globalbees in the 
consol financial statements, so we have to ammortize it over 
a period, so that's a non-cash expense. And once the company 
starts generating higher cash profits, the number should 
become better, Garima. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
So the CCPS is towards what? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
This is largely for taking care of their working capital 
requirement, Garima 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
Alright, understood. Globalbees also recently had departure 
of the CEO, plus some board of directors resigning. What was 
that about? And who takes over the reins of this entity going 
forward? 
  
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So, Garima, I think some of these news article, I would like to 
clarify. First of all, Nitin, who was the CEO of the company, left 
for the personal reasons. His role has been taken over by Anuj 
Jain, who has almost 10+ years of experience with ITC and 
L'Oreal. He is a throrogh professional, MBA, and some of 
these are public information, but, sharing it, that he was with 
ITC and L'Oreal before he joined FirstCry. He has been with 
FirstCry for 12 years. So he has seen a 20 year+ consumer 
product journey, a playbook across ITC, L'Oreal, and FirstCry. 
And he steered up the ship in India in multi-channel and 
BabyHug as well. So he has seen D2C, online, offline, 
throughout our journey of FirstCry and also, he was handling 
our school business. And we felt that he would be the most 

 
 
 
31 
 
appropriate, and he has now taken the reins of the 
Globalbees. So that's on Anuj.  
 
About the directors, so I would just like to clarify, look, the 
news article said that three directors resigned after Nitin 
resigned. That's not correct. One director resigned 9 months 
prior to Nitin. And see, these are investor directors, Garima. 
And typically, investor directors, and by investors, I mean, PE 
VC funds, typically investors have an internal policy. While I 
can't speak for any one of them on their behalf, but what I'm 
saying at a generic level, they have a typical policy of not being 
part of a board of a publicly listed or deemed publicly listed 
company. Therefore, the request was to not being part as a 
board member. And while one of them resigned 9 months 
prior to Nitin, which was, like, early September or August, 
somewhere around that, but the news article, you know how 
it was. So please ignore that. And one of the investor directors 
remains as an observer as well, so it's not that they have 
completely moved away.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
And just to give you additional comfort, Garima. A few of 
these investors, who used to represent on the board of 
Globalbees, they have participated along with us, in the 
recent funding we have done for Globalbees. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Not few, all of them. All three of them. All of them have 
invested in the last round. So there's not even a single 
exception. 
 
Ms. Anish Arora 
Thank you Garima. The next question is from Madhav Yadav. 
Please introduce yourself and unmute. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
 
Hello, am I audible?  
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes, Madhav. We can hear you. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Yeah, Hi Supam. Hi, Gautam. This is Tejas Shah from Avendus. 

 
 
 
32 
 
 
So with the faster delivery becoming a baseline expectation 
across the ecosystem, including for the traditional online 
players, what steps are we taking to strengthen our delivery 
proposition? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
I heard the second part of your question, but not first. 
Delivery becoming a base…., I didn't understand you. Meaning 
delivery experience, or? 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Yes, I'll repeat it. So, am I audible? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yeah. You're absolutely audible. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
 
So, yeah, so, no, I was just saying that now, faster delivery has 
become a very hygiene baseline expectation. So yeah. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Understood, fair question. So, look, you're absolutely right. 
So, what we are doing, Tejas there, while, we haven't put a 
slide on it, but, what we are doing, I'll also sort of share that. 
I think some of the companies like us, and online companies, 
or e-commerce companies as well have experienced, a little 
bit of a customer experience being not up to the mark that we 
would have wished as operators, because some of our 
delivery partners have had challenges. And  those are because 
of the manpower constraints on the last mile end, for which 
we are dependent on them. So for those, and I'm talking 
about India multi-channel, and India Online in that sense. So 
those are experiences, that we have faced in the last two, 
three months, a lot more than what we have faced in the past. 
And I think some of other colleagues from the overall 
ecosystem have alluded to some of these commentary as 
well. Having said this, what we are doing, to answer to your 
question as well. While we are improving, in some of the 
cities, we have done some experiments to take our tech infra 
and work with local logistics partners within those cities to be 
able to improve the last mile experience as well as improved 

 
 
 
33 
 
and a faster delivery. So, let's say, in a city, we were delivering 
same-day delivery, in 6 hours, so our attempt is now to reduce 
it to 4 hours, or a 3-hour. So that is the experiment that we 
have taken into a few cities, as of today, in last couple of 
months. And our endeavor will be to continue to expand on 
this journey that we are just talking about, into many more 
cities, so that we do not remain dependent, or we do not 
really have to work at an industry average level, which has 
deteriorated in the past couple of months, and still we will be 
able to improve the quality of the customer experience in 
terms of delivery performance. So we'll expand on our 
experiment that we have just in a couple of cities to be able 
to overall improve and at the same cost. Not just increasing 
the cost. So I hope I've been able to answer your question in 
terms of directionally, that what we are doing to improve the 
delivery experience, faster delivery experience for our 
customers. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
 
Yeah Supam, very clear. Thanks 
 
Supam, second question pertains to private label ambition 
that you spoke about. Now, what we have observed that it's 
a double-edged sword from multiple dimensions, from 
working capital, from customer expectations. Whether they 
are ready for it or not. So when you look at our categories 
today, where are we under-indexed, you think materially in 
private label versus, company average? And I'm assuming that 
our private label contribution will be higher on offline channel 
versus online channel. So, how should one think about from 
near-term, very immediate one-or two-year perspective, how 
this can move in terms of low lever of private label. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Only two points that I will make. First of all, I would request 
everyone to call it Home Brands. We just feel private label is 
just about margin, and not about the love and how we have 
built all of these products, so we certainly call it home brands. 
But in the home brand point, I would say that it's not like a 

 
 
 
34 
 
double-edged sword, because our long-standing partners, 
brand partners, will continue to grow with us. It's not that 
they are not growing with us and it's not that we will not have 
more partners that we will take in our partnership. As you see, 
our disclosures on number of partnerships from 7,000 brands 
to now we are at 8,000 brands. So, our number of brand 
partnerships have continued to increase. But having said this, 
many of our brand partners are small, and they will, for 
whatever, historical or evolution curve reasons, they will 
remain, while we will continue to over-compound on our 
growth journey in terms of home brand, because it is a very 
structured playbook, structured homework that we do from a 
design, till manufacturing and capability and all of that. So, 
therefore, we will remain, I would say powerful enough, to 
continue to embrace our other partners as well, and the 
ecosystem will continue to deliver a superior, homegrown,  
home brand share, while at the same time embracing both 
brand partners and expectation of our end consumers and 
mothers who want to solve for unique attributed products as 
well, while Home Brand solves for some of them. So, I don't 
think that would be a challenge, and that hasn't been a 
challenge even in the past, when we traversed our journey 
from 37% to 55% plus. So we don't believe that it'll be the 
case, unless you were not being able to have brands which are 
not growing with us.  
 
And in terms of gross margin expansion, home brands 
definitely give more sort of margins, and therefore, that'll 
continue to happen for us, in terms of margin expansion. So, 
it will not be the case and we will see our journey together for 
over next few quarters and years. We won't be able to talk 
about a short-term, but I think over a longer period of time, 
there are no big brands that really kind of like are after 
BabyHug, after some of these brands, no brand is like, in a 
very, even if I just remove India's Pampers and Johnsons and 
some of these brands. In fashion, not even a mid-single-digit 
percentage, in terms of the share. So, it's very comforting for 

 
 
 
35 
 
us to embrace all of that, and the best attributes that they 
make still embrace with us while we continue to compound 
on our Home Brand strategy. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
So, Supam, if I may add one point on this. Because you 
mentioned that we should not call private label, but we 
should call our brands as home brands. So, one of the core 
fundamental in developing products in home brands is not to 
capture, share in any under-penetrated category. The 
fundamental premise why we create any product is to give a 
superior experience to the end consumer and that is a very 
important factor for the over period of time, how we have 
grown our brands. And we continue to follow that philosophy 
as a company. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Thanks, thanks, Vivek. Thanks Supam, very clear. And all the 
best for coming quarters. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Tejas.  
Next question is from Nigel. Nigel, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Nigel Mascarenhas 
Good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity.  
 
Firstly, can you talk about the unit economics for various types 
of offline stores, in terms of store sizes, capex, revenue, and 
profitability? For the FirstCry stores vs BabyHug stores? And 
how does it work for owned versus franchisee stores as well? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Okay, I think, it's there in some of our previous quarterly calls, 
but Gautam, we want to repeat at a high level, maybe. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
So the size of the store, if I talk about, the FirstCry franchisee 
stores, are typically 1,500 to 1,600 square feet area. The same 
size we follow for our BabyHug company owned stores. 
However, when it comes to FirstCry company-owned stores, 
those are a little larger, probably 2,000 to 2,500 square feet. 
In terms of capex that we do, the capex per square feet is 

 
 
 
36 
 
around INR 1,500 per square feet and a little lesser than the 
capex is the working capital that we put in each company 
owned stores. So roughly, INR 1,100 rupees per square foot is 
the working capital we put in. In terms of profitability, at CM-
2 level, if we talk about, both offline stores as well as online, 
gives us almost a similar profitability, post-marketing spends, 
if we see.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
And even, in CM-2 offline stores will be post-rent. And some 
of these franchisee partners, Nigel, we have had a large 
number of our franchisee partners have been 7, 8 years plus, 
and many of them are 10 years plus and they have multiple 
shops with us. So they have seen the profitability in their 
stores, over years, with us and they have continued to stay 
and have been a long-standing partner with us. And likewise, 
we have tried to look for such partners who can be a long-
term partners. On that basis only, we started our COCO 
journey around in 2021. And because of having run the FOFO 
business for the first 10 years. So that's how the profitability 
was ensured in the FOFO network, both for the franchisee and 
for the company and therefore, we took that journey ahead, 
for the COCO journey as well. 
 
Mr. Nigel Mascarenhas 
Yeah, Thanks for the detailed reply.  
Second question is, for the India business, what sort of growth 
have you had in the India online business versus the offline 
business? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yeah, it's there in the disclosures, further in the presentation. 
For the online business, Nigel, we had 18% GMV growth for 
FY25 over FY24, even for Q4FY25, we had 16% growth over 
Q4FY24, for the online. But for the offline business, annual 
one, I wouldn't exactly remember. I think it is around 11 or 
12%?  
 

 
 
 
37 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Yeah, slightly lower. And that is largely because of the 
slowdown we have witnessed, especially in the offline 
business. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Plus some store closures that we have now in the base effect 
of the previous year, quarter. 
  
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Nigel. In the interest of time, we'll take one last 
question from Chintan. Chintan, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Chintan Shah 
Hi. So I just had one question, and that is on India offline 
business. So, I understood the external issues that we faced, 
as well as some store closures that impacted the 
performance, but as a slightly medium to long term as a 
strategy, what are we doing, or what steps we are taking to 
have more conversions from unorganized to organize, as well 
as to protect ourselves from the competitive intensity that 
keeps on increasing? That is one.  
 
And second, how do you think in medium to long term, this 
online is, say, 78% of GMV, and it's doing pretty well. So, over 
longer term, how do you think offline as a strategy, where 
does this next head to? And what were the plans for 
expansion in this segment? That's it from my side. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure, Chintan. So, fundamentally, if you look at our business, 
mothers love to buy the product both online and offline. If you 
remember one of the slides that Vivek showed. This is the first 
time that we had done this disclosure, in the top 20 cities, 38% 
of our GMV comes from customers which have an overlap of 
online and offline, and we have been saying this. We're a very 
unique category, where consumers or mothers typically love 
to buy products both online as well as offline. They can start 
their journey online and go offline as well, in the vicinity of 
their homes and the other way as well, which is going offline 
and come for convenience in the online, because they build a 

 
 
 
38 
 
trust with the platform, as well as with the product and the 
brand, or the curation that we have.  
 
So, I think, fundamentally, nothing will change. If you look at 
last 3 years of our journey, our ratio between online and 
offline has not materially changed, maybe 100 to 200 bps here 
and there, in terms of the share. So no material change has 
happened. And we will continue to expand our offline 
operation as well, in terms of the gross block that we will add 
in FY26, we will be somewhere similar to FY25. So, we do not 
feel that. We will have a lot of legroom to play, even to expand 
our offline network. But we have become more cautious, for 
last few months, that we have seen and we believe these are 
temporary. Ultimately, the customer that we get, how we 
look at our offline business, particularly, is a footfall that gets 
the customer into our store, gets the experience of our 
platform, also then goes online, so it has a material network 
effect and advantage, both in terms of the experience and the 
CAC, eventually, even for online and so on and so forth.  
 
So it's a very unique proposition of multi-channel, which you 
would not find in a very traditional or a normal business 
model in a retail model. So we believe that we will continue 
to play from a consumer insight, or a mother's insight of 
buying both, and also the unit economics benefit that we'll 
continue to derive from being both present online and offline. 
So we'll continue to play this card for a very long period of 
time. We may tailor here and there in terms of improving the 
wallet share of the customer in that catchment and the 
footfall optimization that we can continue to do. So those are 
efficiencies that we'll try to drive to build more capital 
efficiency, but strategy-wise, nothing will change. We'll 
continue to compound on both our offline, which will also 
deliver online, and online will deliver offline as well.  
 

 
 
 
39 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, all the participants. That was the last question. 
Now back to Supam, Gautam, and everyone for the 
concluding remarks. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you very much, everyone, for being patient. We had, 
instead of reserving one hour, we reserved one and a half 
hours, so that you can have a lot more detailed conversation. 
But really appreciate your time and patience. Look forward to 
seeing you in the next quarter. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thank you so much, everyone.  
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Thank you so much 
 
 
 
