 
Sagility India Limited 
(Formerly Sagility India Private Limited) 
Registered Office - No. 23 & 24, AMR Tech Park, Building 2A, First Floor Hongasandara Village, Off Hosur 
Road, Bommanahalli, Bengaluru – 560068, Karnataka, India 
Corporate Identity Number: L72900KA2021PLC150054 
Tel. No.: 080-71251500, Website: www.SagilityHealth.com 
 
Date: May 21, 2025 
 
To,  
 
The Manager   
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department  
 
 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange (NSE)  
 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor  
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block   
 
 
 
Dalal Street 
Bandra-Kurla Complex   
 
 
 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
 
Scrip Code:544282 
Symbol: SAGILITY 
 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors Call held on May 15, 2025 
 
This is in continuation of the investors/analyst webinar held on May 15, 2025, for discussing the audited 
financial results of the Company for the period ended 31st March 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement), Regulations 
2015, we attach herewith the transcript of the aforesaid webinar. 
 
This information is also available on the Company’s website https://sagilityhealth.com/  
   
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Sagility India Limited 
 
 
  
Satishkumar Sakharayapattana Seetharamaiah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A16008 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SATISHKUMAR 
SAKHARAYAPATTANA 
SEETHARAMAIAH
Digitally signed by SATISHKUMAR 
SAKHARAYAPATTANA 
SEETHARAMAIAH 
Date: 2025.05.21 21:01:59 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sagility India Ltd. 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Webinar 
Thursday, 15th May, 2025 at 8:30 AM 
 
MANAGEMENT 
• Ramesh Gopalan - Managing Director & Group CEO 
• Sarvabhouman Srinivasan - Group Chief Financial Officer 
MODERATOR 
• 
Siddharth Rangnekar – CDR India 
QUESTIONERS 
• 
Manik Taneja – Axis Capital 
• 
Abhishek Kumar – JM Financial 
• 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala – IIFL 
• 
Bhavik Mehta – JP Morgan 
• 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee – Burman Capital 
• 
Ruchi Mukhija – ICICI Securities 
• 
Sameer Dosani – ICICI Prudential AMC 
• 
Atul Mehra – Motilal Oswal AMC 
• 
Vishal Purohit – Investrix 

 
Siddharth Rangnekar:  
Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Q4 & FY '25 Earnings Webinar 
of Sagility India Limited. This is Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India, and I 
shall be your host for today. 
 
 
As a reminder, all attendee lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
shall be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this webinar is being recorded.  
 
 
To introduce the management we have with us today, Mr. Ramesh Gopalan, 
Managing Director and Group CEO; Mr. Sarvabhouman Srinivasan, Group 
Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made on 
today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain 
risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the 
Q4 & FY '25 results presentation that has been uploaded to the exchanges. 
 
 
I would now like to hand over the forum to Mr. Ramesh Gopalan to begin the 
proceedings of this webinar. Over to you. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our Q4 and FY '25 Earnings 
Call. We are very pleased to report another very strong quarter led by growth 
across our clients. FY '25 concluded on a strong note, and our clients continue 
to offer us more opportunities, allowing us to win further share of wallet 
driven by operational excellence and strategic focus. 
 
 
Our technology enabled services, which incorporate analytics, automation, 
and now increasingly, GenAI are helping us to continue to go deeper into our 
existing clients and at the same time, win new clients. In addition, our focus 
on mid-market payer clients, both through organic growth and further 
accelerated by the recent acquisition of BroadPath continues to widen our 
presence across the U.S. payer market. We are also very encouraged to see 
early signs of cross sell revenue synergy between BroadPath and the rest of 
the Sagility business. 
 
 
As you know, this is our third earnings call, since our IPO and we had guided 
to mid to teen revenue growth, and a 24% plus EBITDA margins. And I'm very 
pleased to highlight that we've been able to consistently meet our stated 
growth and profitability expectations over the last three quarters. 
 
 
I will now turn my attention to the financial highlights. We are pleased to 
share that Q4 FY '25, we registered a strong year-on-year growth of 22.2% in 
rupee terms and 17.7% in constant currency terms. During Q4 FY '25, 
revenues were $181.8 million, and in INR terms ₹15,685 million. During the 
quarter, our payer vertical grew 20.8% year-on-year and contributed 89.7% 
of the revenue mix. Our provider vertical grew at 36.9%, contributing 10.3% 
to the total revenues. 
 

 
 
So switching from Q4 to the full-year FY '25, our revenues for the full-year 
stood at $658.3 million, which is in INR terms ₹55,699 million. This translates 
to a year-on-year growth of 17.2% in INR terms and 14.9% in constant 
currency. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Switching to margins and operating profits, for the quarter, we delivered an 
adjusted EBITDA of $46.8 million, which is ₹4042 million in INR terms, which 
is a year-on-year growth of 28.6%. This reflects an adjusted EBITDA of 25.8%. 
For the full FY '25, our adjusted EBITDA stood at $173.6 million, which is 
₹14,685 million in INR terms. This is a robust year-on-year growth of 28.4% 
in INR terms and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 26.4%. So for your 
information, our adjusted EBITDA does not include other income. 
 
 
Our consolidated adjusted profit after tax for the quarter stood at ₹2,398 
million, which is an year-on-year increase of 45.2%. The ongoing and 
continued reduction in our debt will continue to benefit our PAT margins. 
Our reported EPS for the fiscal year stood at ₹1.17 per share, which is a 
119.3% increase from last year. Under adjusted EPS for the year stood at, 
₹1.76 per share, a 27.7% increase from last year. 
 
 
Moving on to our employee count. We reported a total headcount of 39,409 
at the end of the fiscal year. This accounts for additional 4,365 employees 
during the year. Our attrition stood at 27.5% in line with the number for the 
previous year. I'm also pleased to highlight a couple of accolades that we 
received from Everest Group during the quarter. Sagility was recognised as a 
major contender in the payment integrity solutions peak matrix assessment 
2025 and a major contender in the health care payer Business Process as a 
Service or BPaaS. 
 
 
Moving on to KPIs. For the year ended March 2025, we had 75 active clients. 
We onboarded 38 new clients, and 30 of those clients came through a 
BroadPath acquisition as we've mentioned in the previous call. 
 
 
Before I hand it over to Srini, let me give you some colour on the future. Like 
we've mentioned before, our growth strategy remains anchored in three 
pillars, deepening our wallet share with our existing clients, expanding into 
mid-market health plans, and selectively pursuing strategic acquisitions. The 
industry is facing a lot of headwinds in terms of cost pressures, evolving 
regulatory frameworks and policy changes. However, we see these as 
opportunities. 
 
 
Health care payers and providers are increasingly seeking partners who can 
deliver scale, savings, and transformation, and Sagility is positioned well to 
deliver just that. Despite the economic uncertainties and unpredictability, 
our model remains resilient. Like I've told you before, we impact the 
operational business of our clients, and so we continue to remain strong. Like 
before, we continue to expect low- to mid-teens revenue growth in the 

 
medium term, and we are also committed to delivering a steady-state 
margin. 
 
 
Our strong cash flows, our healthy balance sheet, and our focused capital 
allocation have provided us the flexibility to invest for the long-term value 
creation, evident from the fully cash funded acquisition of BroadPath that we 
did earlier this year. I look forward to sharing more details through the course 
of this call, and I will address all of your questions. 
 
 
Meanwhile, I'll turn it over to Srini, for getting into more details of our 
financial results. Over to you, Srini. 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: Thank you, Ramesh. Firstly, welcome all to the March '25 earnings call. Like 
Ramesh mentioned, we had an exceptional quarter and a great year. Our 
financial performance has been consistent in the last few years, and we 
expect this to continue going forward as well. 
 
 
Moving on to Slide 8. We have shown the financial highlights, revenue, 
EBITDA, profitability, all growing northwards and as we had projected. If you 
look at the OCF, I would want to bring your attention to the operating cash 
flows. The operating cash flow that we generated was about ₹12,141 million, 
₹1,214 crores for the financial year 2025, which is almost 90% of our reported 
EBITDA. 
 
 
I'll stay here for a minute for you to absorb numbers, then we can move on 
to Slide 9. Next slide, please. 
 
 
This slide gives you a good view and the impact of the seasonality in our 
business. Like we have always been saying, our H2 is more pronounced than 
the first half of the year, and we hire for seasonality in Q3 with headcount 
peaking in December and January and gradually reducing in March. We have 
shown both years FY '24 and '25. You will actually notice that, the headcount 
has in the operational account has reduced by 1,300 people from 39.6 to 
38.3. But with the additional BroadPath, we are again back to 39,400 plus 
employees. 
 
 
Moving on to Slides 10 and 11. Both these two slides, we are shown both 
long-term as well as short term, all metrics in green. We have provided the 
key financial metrics. Any specific questions on these two slides, I'll be 
responding it to you in the Q&A session. I'll just pause here. Thank you. Next 
slide. 
 
 
These are key financial indicators. You would notice that our earnings per 
share has been gradually improving. And on the return on capital employed, 
it continues to be very healthy at 54.9%. It's largely driven by the robust 
operating performance, and our free cash flows stood at 80.5% of EBITDA, 
reflecting very strong cash generation like Ramesh mentioned. You will also 
notice that there has been a consistent reduction in the debt. And as of 31st 

 
of March, our net debt plus the lease liabilities is only 0.68x of our EBITDA. 
Again, the reported EPS is at 119% growth over previous year. That's what 
Ramesh also mentioned. 
 
 
Yeah. Moving on to this slide, our organic revenues at ₹54,943 million, which 
represents a 15.6% year-on-year growth, and our Q4 organic revenue at 
₹14,929 million, which is, 16.3% year-on-year and a 2.7% on a QoQ basis. 
Adjusted EBITDA margins excluding other income is lower than Q3, due to 
change in the revenue mix. 
 
 
Like Ramesh mentioned, we had BroadPath acquisition that has come in, in 
this quarter and which is predominantly an onshore business. However, that 
business is doing well and comparable to our onshore business. Plus we also 
had salary hikes in this quarter, starting Jan. That's one of the reasons as to 
why the Q4 revenues have slightly lower EBITDA margins compared to the 
Q3. 
 
 
Moving on to the next slide. Again, a quick snapshot of our revenue and the 
profitability. Like we have always mentioned, what's the difference between 
the reported EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA? We have some adjustments to 
the EBITDA as well as some adjustments to the PAT. The first one is on 
account of the earnouts under the acquisition agreements that were 
pertaining to DCI, Birch and BroadPath, which we had acquired. These 
pertain to the earn outs. Ideally, it should have been part of the purchase 
consideration, but these are routed through the P&L, and we have provided 
the details in subsequent slide. 
 
 
The company, and these are non-recurring in nature. So that's one. When it 
comes to the adjustments to the PAT, there was a leveraged buyout, and we 
also had the amortisation of intangibles. Sorry, I missed talking about the 
second adjustment in the EBITDA. It pertains to the share appreciation rights, 
that some of the senior employees of the company have got from the parent 
company Sagility B.V. This is a non-cash expenditure for the company, and it 
is directly settled to the employees by the promoters. 
 
 
So however it is from an accounting standard perspective routed through our 
P&L, and hence it does not impact our operating performance or cash. Like I 
had mentioned on the adjusted PAT, we have the amortisation of intangibles, 
which got created during the carve out from the sellers of this business. So 
this does not, this was a share purchase agreement and hence it is flowing 
through our balance sheet. 
 
 
That's one of the reasons you will also see very high goodwill and intangibles 
in our balance sheet. Next slide, please. These are some of the go forward 
positions that we have shown. And, you will notice what's the repayment for 
loan, what are the potential cash position, share appreciation awards that 
will be routed through the P&L and the earnouts. Next slide, please. 
 

 
 
Moving on to the balance sheet, very strong balance sheet. We have given 
notes. The goodwill and intangibles have increased due to the BroadPath 
acquisition. You also have intangibles, that is again due to the BroadPath 
acquisition. The DSOs, I would want to call out here, it has been a stellar 
performance, and the DSOs has significantly improved. 
 
 
March '24, we had a DSO of 85 days. And this year, it stands at 79 days and 
this includes unbilled revenues for March. Overall cash flows, cash flows 
again healthy. Cash generated from operations stands at ₹12,141 million, 
free cash at ₹10,896 million and like Ramesh mentioned, all the acquisition 
that we did with BroadPath, all have been paid from operationally generated 
cash, and we didn't have to borrow any money. 
 
 
The debt that you would see on the balance sheet is to the promoter debt, 
which was also called out in the DRHP and that's the repayment that we have 
given the schedule.  
 
 
That's it from me, I think. Open to questions? 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Srini. Participants who wish to ask a question, kindly click the raise 
hand icon at the bottom centre of your screen. We will wait for the question 
queue to assemble. The first question comes from the line of Manik Taneja 
from Axis Capital. Manik, your line has been unmuted. 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, Ramesh, I want to get your thoughts 
on two things. Number one, we've been hearing from a number of insurance 
companies in the U.S. about challenges in certain parts of their portfolio 
because of the changes at the government level and the policy level. So given 
your well entrenched in some of your top customers, do you envisage any 
near term challenges in your customer portfolio in the foreseeable future? 
That's question number one. 
 
 
And the second question is with regards to this typical seasonality that we 
have in our business, how should we be thinking about, both near term 
revenue growth and margins in the backdrop of the typical seasonality of our 
revenue base? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Okay. Thanks, Manik for the questions. Let me take the first question, like I 
mentioned in my opening speech, there is profitability pressure across the 
board. So especially if you look at the clients, who have a heavy exposure to 
Medicare business, Medicare Advantage business, you saw a couple of them 
reporting high utilisation in calendar '24, which impacted their profitability 
significantly. 
 
 
And those clients, just to add to that, those clients have consciously decided 
to exit the plans in certain unprofitable segments, because of which their 

 
membership actually reduced during the open enrolment season that just 
concluded. So that was a very conscious choice, by those plans. Some of that 
impact is playing out as you would have noticed the recent announcement 
of results by United and so on. 
 
 
So those profitability pressures on the Medicare business segment continue 
to exist. There are also pressures even in the commercial book of business 
for some of our clients. Having said that and I've said this before, our clients’ 
profitability pressures and operational issues, in fact gives us an opportunity 
to partner with them to help them reduce cost further. So from that point of 
view, we don't see that directly impacting us in terms of opportunities for us 
to partner with our clients and deliver more work. 
 
 
However, it's granted that, when our clients go through profitability 
pressures, they expect us as a service provider to help them reduce cost 
further. So there's always this pressure of trying to reduce more cost, asking 
for price reductions, looking for other opportunities to reduce cost for them. 
And so that pressure is always on us as a service provider and that's what this 
business is all about. How do you generate those efficiencies? How do you 
try and pass on those efficiencies to your clients, so that they can reduce their 
overall cost of work. But like I said, in terms of opportunities, we don't see 
that decreasing. 
 
 
In fact, we are in active conversations not only with our existing clients but 
also with new clients. And we don't see any slowing down, of the deal 
pipeline because of the economic issues. In fact, I would probably say that 
those profitability pressures in fact, have increased the propensity for clients 
to work with service providers like us. 
 
 
So that's I mean I can get into more details if you have specifics on that. The 
second question in terms of seasonality, that's something we've discussed in 
the past also. In our business, H2 is more seasonal than H1 because most of 
the AEP or the open enrolment happens in Q3 and Q4. 
 
 
We continue to staff up for Q3 and then we deliver on that towards the end 
of Q3 and the beginning of Q4. And so Q3 and Q4 will be much higher than 
Q1 and Q2. So typically, when we talk to analysts and investors, we ask them 
to look at year-on-year growth more than a Q-on-Q growth. And, if you have 
to look at sequential, then look at more in terms of halves, first half versus 
second half. 
 
 
Because the difference between Q1 and Q2 and sometimes Q3 and Q4 could 
be positive, there could be an increase or a decrease. But essentially, H2 will 
be higher than H1. And all of these quarters on a year-on-year basis will give 
you a better visibility of our growth. And like I said we still continue to 
maintain our low to mid-teens growth on an year-on-year basis. 
 

 
Manik Taneja: 
Just to clarify, with the BroadPath acquisition, does that seasonality increase 
if you could talk about the revenue patterns for BroadPath? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yes. BroadPath, the seasonality will increase in fact because BroadPath is, I 
wouldn't say a large part but a reasonable part of the business is in new 
member acquisition. So they help clients acquire new members during the 
open enrolment season. And so their Q3 revenues are substantially higher 
than any of the other quarters. And so that will add to our seasonality. So we 
expect to see a slightly more pronounced H2 this year. 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you all the best for the future. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thanks, Manik. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Manik. We have the next question from Abhishek Kumar of JM 
Financial. Abhishek, your line has been unmuted. 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Yeah. Hi, good morning. I have a couple of questions first, on this Medicare 
Advantage. Obviously, there's a lot of noise, and looks like I mean there are 
a certain section of the Street that believes it is specifically United because 
they have been little more aggressive in expanding in that space. 
 
 
Just from your perspective, your clientele, especially the top three, do you 
see them already asking for some price reduction? And also, if we were to 
look at the growth for this quarter, can you break that down between volume 
growth and pricing growth, especially the organic growth? Just for us to get 
some sense of any impending pressure on pricing? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So let me give you the broad response, and then we'll get into specifics. So 
like I mentioned to Manik's question, Abhishek, this Medicare Advantage, 
utilisation rate has been playing out at different times for different payers. 
We've seen a couple of our payer clients go through the same pressures last 
year? And like I said, they have consciously decided to exit certain 
unprofitable segments. 
 
 
And so their membership actually reduced, marginally in the Medicare 
segment over the last AEP. And so to your question, price reductions is not a 
new thing. So even in good times, people want a constant decrease in the 
cost of delivery. But when clients are under profitability pressures, that ask 
just increases. On the other hand, a lot of times these price reductions are 
not just outright price reductions without giving us an opportunity to do 
some transformation. 
 
 
So we also get the opportunity to introduce technology, to introduce 
automation and through that take out some of the cost. So most, a large part 
of the price reductions that we give our clients do not directly flow to our 
bottom line because like I said we are able to generate those efficiencies in 
our operations. To your specific question of volume growth versus price 

 
growth this quarter. Look, across the SOWs, we have multiple price points. 
So I don't know, Srini, if you have specific numbers. 
 
 
But I would say substantial growth is volume growth. By volumes I mean 
volumes in the existing SOWs and volumes because of addition of new SOWs. 
And so Srini, there'll be no price increases. 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: There'll be no increases. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
We don't get price increases, but I wouldn't attribute any price decreases 
also in Q4, Srini. 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: No, there has been no price change, I would say. In fact, when it comes for 
renewal, there is always pressure on to reduce the prices. There has been no 
price increases. 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Understood. Maybe one more question on regulation, then I have one on 
margin. The other thing that, the Trump administration is trying is to put 
pressure on the pharma companies. Do we have any second order impact of 
that on the claim amount, and therefore our realisation with our clients? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. That's a good question, Abhishek. So it's still to play out. So we do work 
with, a few PBMs. What is the direct impact on that, and how much of that 
is going to be passed on to consumers, or how much is going to come out of 
the margins? Those are yet to be seen. We haven't seen any impact. And like 
I said, mostly the pricing decisions don't really have a direct translation into 
the work that we do for our clients, because as I've always said, we do core 
operational work for our clients, and that continues. 
 
 
But, obviously, like we just discussed on the Medicare plans, if there are 
pricing pressures that translates to further pressures on service providers like 
us. But in terms of volume of business transacted and the work that we do 
for them, we don't see a big impact on that. 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay. One last question on margins. Srini, if you can break down the decrease 
in margin sequentially this quarter between what has come through 
BroadPath consolidation and what has been led by the wage hike. Thank you. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. So I'll give you some broad numbers. Srini, you can add to that, right? 
So let's talk on the adjusted EBITDA margins because the difference between 
the reported EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA is two things. One is other income, 
and other income itself had almost 2.4% reduction between Q3 and Q4. If 
you look at the adjusted EBITDA, that was lower by 2.6%, of which the impact 
of BroadPath was roughly about 110 basis points. And I've said this, at the 
time of BroadPath acquisition. For the full-year also, we expect BroadPath 
acquisition to be dilutive of EBITDA margins by almost 120 to 150 basis 
points, at least for the next fiscal. 
 

 
 
And as we improve, as some of the synergies play out and we reduce some 
of the SG&A, that impact will reduce in the future years. So out of the 260 
basis points, about a 110 basis points is because of BroadPath. And the salary 
increase net of the headcount reduction is about 60 to 70 basis points. And 
the balance 80 to 90 basis points is basically the Forex loss, which has been 
classified under other expenses that's because of the balance sheet 
restatement. And that's predominantly in the Philippines. 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Philippines. Okay. Thank you so much, and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Participants who wish to ask a question, kindly click the 
raise hand icon at the bottom centre of your screen. We take the next 
question from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala of IIFL. Rishi, your line has been 
unmuted. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. So first is, our top 
three clients this year have grown double-digit. And we know how large 
these clients are and how deeply we are entrenched in them. And despite 
that, we have been able to register double-digit growth. So just wanted to 
understand the incremental nature of work that is coming from these clients 
given that even at a $140 million and $150 million odd kind of revenue base 
for each of them. One would assume that or the common concern is that 
they will start saturating and may not grow. So just wanted to get some 
colour on the nature of what we are doing in those clients? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thanks for the question, Rishi. So we've answered those questions in the past 
also. Like we said, while we are being with some of these clients for 20 plus 
years, there are still opportunities for increasing our penetration with these 
clients. There are some parts of the business that they either haven't 
outsourced at all or the penetration has been very low. And we continue to 
find those opportunities. In some cases, it could be in the clinical, and it's not 
the same for all clients. So in some cases, we're penetrating more on the 
clinical side. In some cases, there are parts of the business segments that 
we've not been exposed to before, that we're getting exposed to. And in 
some cases, the volumes in the existing line of work is just increasing. 
 
 
And like I've mentioned to many of you before, in spite of having one or two 
or even three partners, some of these clients in the past have tended to keep 
some work in-house. And with mounting cost pressures and profitability 
pressures, our clients have started releasing some of those additional 
volumes also to us. 
 
 
So it could be additional volumes coming from the same line of business that 
we've been doing for them in the past. And that is some part of it, but the 
majority is getting to new service areas where clients have traditionally 
tended not to work with service providers like us. And we continue to find 
those opportunities. 
 

 
 
And in the broader sense, again, going back to the points that we discussed 
in the past. When most of our clients are under profitability pressures, it 
makes it more pertinent for them to look for additional opportunities to take 
out cost. And so working with someone like us, makes it possible. So from 
that point of view, some of these opportunities have increased as we speak. 
 
 
But coming back to the top three versus others, well, the top three have 
grown in double-digits. The rest of the clients have grown even faster than 
that. So we continue to add to the new clients and some of the non-top three 
are growing at 15%, 20% plus. And with the addition of BroadPath, that's just 
diversified our client base even more. And as we continue to execute on the 
cross sell to BroadPath clients, we expect a larger percentage of growth to 
come from the non-top three as well. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. So it would be fair to assume that the current growth 
momentum should continue over the next 12 months also, and there is no 
particular macro reasons because of which there could be a dent on that. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
No. On the growth, we continue to maintain the low- to mid-teens, 
predictions that we've given. And at least at this point in time, we don't see 
any reason for that to be under pressure. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. And just on the margins. So this year, we have executed pretty 
well on adjusted EBITDA. There has been almost, like a 200 plus basis points 
of expansion, and we ended at like 26.4. We have talked about being in the 
range of 24 to 25 basis points on a sustainable basis. So how do we look at 
the fiscal '25 margins versus how it might play out over the next two years? 
Do you intend to utilise the incremental margins for some of the productivity 
benefits you want to pass on to the customers or gain more business? Or do 
you think that we can actually through better execution, reset our margin 
band higher than '24 to '25? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
No. At least for the next 12 months, we are guiding to similar '24 to '25 
numbers, which is where we want our at least the short term, steady state 
to be. Like I said, in some quarters, it could be marginally up, in some 
quarters, it could be marginally down. And because of the seasonality of the 
business, we hire in one quarter, they deliver in the other quarter. So you 
could see some differences play out in terms of the margin, but the steady 
state will be around the 24% to 25%. 
 
 
There is a little bit of dilution because of the BroadPath acquisition. Like I 
said, 120 to 150 bps dilution, we expect in the margins from those steady 
state numbers. But that's broadly where we want to guide, at least for the 
next 12 months. Because we want to continue to invest in our technology 
and the client facing teams, because the opportunity to take out cost is very 
important, like I said. 
 

 
 
As the clients are going through profitability pressures, the ask to reduce cost 
is increasing. And the only way to do that while protecting our margins is to 
be able to use technology. And for that, we need to invest and continue to 
build on our capabilities. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Great. Thank you so much, and all the best for next year. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you, Rishi. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rishi. We take the next question from the line of Bhavik Mehta 
from JP Morgan. Bhavik your line has been unmuted. Please go ahead. 
 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you. Just one question. Can you talk about what been the pace of deal 
closure and deal ramp-up over the last few months? Because at least for the 
broader IT companies, we have been hearing about a lot of delays coming 
through because of the uncertain macro. But just curious to know, what been 
the trend for Sagility? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Srini, correct me if I'm wrong. I think we've added about eight new clients for 
the year. I think two or three of them were added in the last quarter. And as 
we speak today, in this quarter, again, we are our deal pipeline continues to 
be strong. We are in active conversations, and in the final stages with at least 
three additional clients. So like I said in the beginning, we don't see the 
impact on the pipeline or the deal closures, because of the nature of our 
business. Since we continue to impact their core operations, clients who are 
under profitability pressures, want to take advantage of the work that we do. 
And so we don't see any slowdown to our deal pipeline. 
 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pranay Roop 
Chatterjee from Burman Capital. Pranay, your line has been unmuted. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Hi. So my question on the regulatory has been answered and well covered. 
So I'll just move on from that. Your revenue guidance was low- to mid-teens. 
I just had a couple of questions on that statement. Is that in INR terms or 
constant currency? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. That's a good thing. All of our guidance is in constant currency. So the 
low- to mid-teens is in constant currency, and that's organic growth. And as 
you know, we acquired BroadPath towards the end of January. So we just 
had two months of revenue of BroadPath last year. And so that'll play out for 
the full-year in FY '26. So if you include, BroadPath on top of that, our 
constant currency total growth is likely to be upwards of 20% for FY '26. 
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
That is clear. Got it. When you guide incrementally on an organic basis, low- 
to mid-teen, even beyond, let's say FY '26. Do you include inorganic growth 

 
in that as well, or you feel that technically you can do a low- to mid-teen 
growth? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
No. We are not including any inorganic that we do from here on, we are not 
including in that guidance. But like I mentioned, post of BroadPath 
acquisition. See BroadPath was a unique acquisition for us because, it was 
not as much about capabilities as about giving us access to the mid and small 
clients. And like I said, we had 30 plus new clients added to our portfolio. 
Thanks to the BroadPath acquisition. So going forward, I'm not saying, we 
won't do that, but it's more likely to be capability focused acquisitions. And 
so even if we do those, they may not add too much to the revenue. 
 
 
But to specifically answer your question, we are not including inorganic 
revenue in our guidance. 
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Perfect. Quick clarification on your margin guidance. You just mentioned, 
24% to 25% on adjusted EBITDA levels. I presume the BroadPath dilutive 
impact would be on top of that for FY '26. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yes. 
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Perfect. Good. To end my discussion, I just wanted to speak a bit about the 
AI impact on your business. This has been asked multiple times previously as 
well. So I thought, maybe why not be a bit more specific and address certain 
nuances. So your business, you offer a wide suit of products. So if I were to 
focus on areas which were more prone to conversion to an AI product or, 
let's say automate. 
 
 
For example, where you have deployed employees to basically receive, make 
phone calls, be a liaison between insurance company and the end customers. 
And you also made the acquisition, which is exactly in this field, recently, 
which is AI product to deal with this. When such a product comes in, how 
does that affect your overall revenue per unit work done, if I were to put it 
that way? Or let's say per conversation that you're having. When you deploy 
an employee to do it, you get a certain revenue, but when you have 
automated, you get a certain revenue. And I would presume automated, it's 
lower. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. So let me answer it in a generic sense. So be it back office or be it front 
office, today, our billing models could be either based on FTEs that clients ask 
us to deploy to handle those volumes, or it could be per transaction. So 
GenAI, AI could have multiple impacts. The largest impact is additional 
productivity or reduction of effort. And so depending on the business model, 
we could have multiple ways of monetising that. When we do AI work for 
client, essentially, the productivity improves, like I said, the effort reduces. 
And so if it's a transaction rate, all of the gains, accrue to us. 
 

 
 
But obviously, when we start this journey, there's an explicit understanding 
with the client that some benefits of those would be passed on. So those 
benefits could be passed on to the client by a reduction in the transaction 
rate and how much we reduce the transaction rate to what efficiencies we 
generate determines what part of the gains accrued to us versus are passed 
back to the client. 
 
 
In an FTE case, it's not as straightforward, but then again, we get into to gain 
share agreements. Most of the AI work since it improves that efficiency, you 
still can work on a transaction basis. But whereas if you automate something 
completely, then we could have a different model. For example, a transaction 
handled by a human could be, X dollars, whereas a transaction handled 
completely by a bot could be Y dollars, which is 20% of what a human 
handles. 
 
 
So there are different ways of pricing and monetising that. But largely, to 
answer your question, any impact of AI will have a revenue cannibalisation 
impact. 
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
That is perfectly logical, and in line with what I understood. Would that, is it 
too early to comment on what impacts such a conversion? It could be 10% of 
your business, 80% of your business, no one knows, in 10 years' time. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah, look it varies by SOWs and it varies depending on the maturity curve of 
different clients, how much they actually want us to do at this point in time 
and so on. Like I've mentioned to many people in our meetings before, the 
cannibalisation impact that we see currently is in the range of about 1.5% to 
2%? So which is already kind of factored into the guidance that we're giving. 
So when I say, mid to teen, low to mid growth, that is net of this revenue 
cannibalisation. 
 
 
We predict that in over the next two, three years that, 1.5% to 2% could go 
as 4% to 5%. But again, that's our prediction over the next two to three years. 
But we'll have to wait and see how clients adopt and how much of these 
pilots actually become full scale implementations. 
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
And does this conversion affect your margins in any way? Is it too early to 
comment on that? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Like I said, there are different levers to continue to protect the margins? 
Pricing of all of these, AI. I gave you a few examples if it's transaction or if it's 
FTE or if it's complete automation and so on. So broadly, the attempt is to try 
and stay margin neutral. The attempt of all of these implementations is to 
pass on a large benefit to the client. So that's the underlying thesis. So a large 
part of the benefit will accrue to our clients, whereas we will try to cover the 
cost of our implementation and broadly keep our margins neutral through 
the process. 
 

 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Got it. And my last question, quickly, this can be a yes or no answer. At your 
client level, I understand, they are facing cost pressure and trying to 
outsource more. But exactly because of this, do you see at a client level, them 
trying to figure out ways to automate some of their core administrative 
processes in house? In any client, do you see some of these starting? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Look. I mean, obviously the aim to automate, reduce manual labour is not 
new now? So that's been the attempt all along. With the availability of new 
technologies, the pace just goes up, so obviously, and some of these 
automation journeys can take a very long time. So if a client wants an 
immediate reduction to their current cost, working with a service provider 
like us gives them that immediate impact. 
 
 
And then whatever automation can be done by us, by them, that plays out 
over a slightly more medium term. So I don't think any of this is new. Even in 
the past when clients gave us work, there were still attempts to improve 
productivity to increase automation. And that will continue to be the case in 
the future as well. 
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Thank you for answering my questions, I wish you all the best. You have 
executed pretty well this year. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. Thank you, Pranay. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Pranay. Participants who wish to ask a question, kindly click the 
raise hand icon at the bottom centre of your screen. We move to the next 
participant. The question comes from the line of Ruchi Mukhija from ICICI 
Securities. Your line has been unmuted. Ruchi, your line has been unmuted. 
Perhaps you're on mute. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Ramesh, you did mention that, you started to 
see some synergy benefit from BroadPath. Could you elaborate more, what 
kind of success we have on synergies? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So Ruchi, like we mentioned at the time of acquisition, the synergies broadly 
were of two kinds? One is on the cost side. They have a sizable operation in 
the U.S. We also have a sizable operation in the U.S. Some of the SG&A could 
at some point in time be consolidated and we could see some synergy 
benefits from those. Second is all of the vendor contracts. So overall, they 
were a smaller company than us. And so some of the synergies in software 
licenses and all of those cost could also play out. 
 
 
So those are things that are happening as we speak. So we are trying to 
consolidate some vendors. We're trying to look at our SG&A positions. And 
so that will play out during this year. The biggest synergy the reason for the 
acquisition was more on the client side synergies. Like, we mentioned, they 
have 30 plus clients, most of them in the mid-market and smaller space. And 
their service portfolio was rather limited compared to the broad service 

 
portfolio that we have. That's the synergies where we are starting to see 
some impact. It's still early days. 
 
 
It's just been three months since the acquisition. But we've already had 
interesting conversations with over 10 of their clients in areas, where Sagility 
could add value, which BroadPath didn't have the capability in the past. They 
are yet to convert into contracts and so on. But the early conversations are 
very encouraging and we hope that during the course of the year, we'll be 
able to convert some of those into specific contracts. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Understood. You did mention that, this year as a part of your growth, along 
with the wallet share green, the M&A would be a key area. So do you 
envisage a very active M&A activity in FY '26 or we would focus more on 
integration of BroadPath before moving on to the next? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yes. The integration of BroadPath is very critical to us because it was a sizable 
acquisition from a client's and people point of view. But we continue to look 
at other acquisitions as well. So, there's nothing impending that I can talk 
about. But like I said, other than expansion into additional clients, our focus 
continues to remain building our capabilities in the different areas where we 
service today. 
 
 
And so those capability focus, acquisitions is something that we'll continue 
to target. Yeah. How many, when, is still too early to comment on. But we 
are still active in the M&A space. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Yeah, the last one, you did mention that technology investments are very 
critical for margin resilience. Could you talk about for FY '26, what kind of 
areas are we prioritising to invest? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Look. AI, GenAI is an area that continues to be a big focus area for us. Like 
I've mentioned in the past, we've worked on several use cases. We are 
piloting, many of them with our existing clients. And depending on how they 
progress, they'll be good candidates to take to new clients as well. So that's 
an area we continue to work on. 
 
 
We're also working on healthcare specific solutions. So we've invested in a 
number of those solutions solving specific problems in the healthcare space, 
which are common across clients. And so that's in the area of utilisation 
management, provider data management, and so on. And so we continue to 
invest in those healthcare specific solutions as well. So those are the two 
broad areas that we'll continue to invest in. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Thank you, and all the best. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you, Ruchi. 
 

 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Ruchi. We take the next question from the line of Sameer Dosani 
from ICICI Prudential AMC. Sameer, your line has been unmuted. 
 
Sameer Dosani: 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. How to think about, dividend policy by 
generating a good amount of cash flow right now? So how to think about 
dividends from here on? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Srini, you want to take that? 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: Yeah, Sameer, as you had noticed that we had spent significant cash that we 
generated last year in acquiring BroadPath. And even as on the balance sheet 
date, we have a healthy cash. So, we have also given you the repayment 
schedule for our term loan. That has been agreed. So the payment of term 
loans and other financial commitments that we have already made, post 
which definitely we are likely to come with a policy, but it's too early, I would 
say. Probably in the next couple of quarters, we will decide and we might 
come out with a dividend policy. 
 
Sameer Dosani: 
Apart from the ₹820 crore debt we have to pay to the parent, we don't have 
any other obligation. We don't have a different consideration of any… 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: Yeah. We don't have any other obligation. Yeah. And that's the only 
obligation, and that is a structured, we are not paying everything in this year 
itself. So there is a structured payout, so we will follow exactly that. 
 
Sameer Dosani: 
And the other thing is this 24% to 25% adjusted EBITDA margin, this is net of 
dilution from BroadPath at least. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
No. This is before dilution of BroadPath, which is another 120 bps. 
 
Sameer Dosani: 
Okay. So one should think margin would be around 23%, 24% by considering 
that addition. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yes. 
 
Sameer Dosani: 
Okay. And over time, we can recover this is what we mentioned in BroadPath. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yes. 
 
Sameer Dosani: 
Okay, got it. Thanks for the clarification. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you, Sameer. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sameer. We take the next question from the line of Atul Mehra 
from Motilal Oswal Asset Management. Atul, your line has been unmuted. 
Please go ahead. 
 

 
Atul Mehra: 
Yeah. Hi, good morning, and congratulations on very strong performance. My 
question is given how the landscape is likely evolving in U.S. healthcare with 
Trump administration and so on, do you see that like the opportunities for 
M&A could be very interesting and could be perhaps sizable also in some 
other cases. Given that in a dynamic kind of environment, you will always see 
in terms of something, which is available in distress or whatever. So anything 
that comes to mind or in your radar on that particular sense? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Interesting, Atul. So look. I mean, I've told you the kind of acquisitions that 
are a good fit for us. So these are more either technology capability or 
services capability catering to payers and providers. So yeah, we are on the 
lookout. To your question, are we seeing a lot of deals out there under 
distress? Not yet. We are not seeing any of those. But yeah, I mean we also 
want to make sure that the quality of clients, the quality of relationships, and 
the profitability are solid before we decide on an acquisition. 
 
 
Like I said, we are active. We are looking at all deals that come to the table. 
And so if there's a good opportunity at a reasonable valuation, we'll definitely 
do that. But I mean, at this point in time, we are not seeing too many of those. 
 
Atul Mehra: 
Got it. Got it. And secondly, I have a question for Srini. So Srini, while you 
have spoken about the debt repayment schedule, is there a provision to 
prepay it in advance, or are there any in terms of cost implications around 
the early prepayment? 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: No. Actually, these are external commercial borrowings routed through, and 
we have an average repayment period to satisfy through the RBI. So, 
unfortunately, we do not have a prepayment option. So it is just for the next 
couple of years. And then, so we even we want to pay it off quickly, but we 
have to hold an average repayment period. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So in the next two years, broadly, we should be fully committed. 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan:  We should be done with it. Yeah. 
 
Atul Mehra: 
Yeah. All right. Thank you. Thank you very much, and wish you all the best. 
Thank you. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you, Atul. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Atul. We take the next question from the line of Vishal Purohit 
from INVESTRIX. Vishal, your line has been unmuted. Vishal, you can go 
ahead. Your line has been unmuted. Vishal, perhaps you are on. Yes, please 
go ahead. 
 
Vishal Purohit: 
Yeah. Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity. My question is 
related to the earlier two questions of the debt in your books and the 

 
repayment schedules. And how do you plan to fund this? Is the cash flow 
sufficient or you would look for other opportunities to fund this? 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: Vishal, you would have noticed the cash that we generate every year. So, we 
will be paying these debt repayments through operationally generated cash. 
We will not borrow to repay these debts. 
 
Vishal Purohit: 
A scenario, if I can ask the question, do we see some promoter level selling 
or OFS kind of scenario to just to repay the debt? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
No, the debt is on the operating company, it's a promoter debt. So the 
company has to pay the debt. 
 
Vishal Purohit: 
Okay. All right. So you don't see any kind of equity funding, taking place to 
fund just to fund that in the short term? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
No. 
 
Vishal Purohit: 
Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Vishal. That was the last question for the day. Thank you, 
members of the management. On behalf of Sagility India Limited, that 
concludes our webinar for the day and you may log off the event. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
