 
 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 
BSE Ltd., 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
NSE Scrip Symbol: BLS 
BSE Scrip Code: 540073 
SUBJECT: Transcript of Earnings Call held on May 16, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
In continuation to our intimation dated May 09, 2025 please find enclosed a transcript of the Earnings Call 
held on Friday, May 16, 2025 to discuss the operational and financial performance of the Company for the 
fourth quarter and year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at https://www.blsinternational.com/    
 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
 
For BLS International Services Limited 
 
 
………………………… 
Dharak A. Mehta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: FCS12878 
 
 
 
 
DHARAK 
ARVINDBH
AI MEHTA
Digitally signed by 
DHARAK 
ARVINDBHAI 
MEHTA 
Date: 2025.05.21 
19:07:48 +05'30'

“BLS International Services Limited
Q4 & FY '25 Earnings Conference Call”
May 16, 2025
MANAGEMENT: MR. NIKHIL GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR
MR. SHIKHAR AGGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING
DIRECTOR
MR. AMIT SUDHAKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
MR. LOKANATH PANDA – CHIEF OPERATING
OFFICER – DIGITAL BUSINESS
MR. GAURAV CHUGH – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS
MODERATOR:
MR. NIKHIL SHETTY – NUVAMA WEALTH
MANAGEMENT

Page 2 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '25 Conference Call of BLS
International Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by
pressing star, then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being
recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Shetty from Nuvama Wealth Management.
Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Nikhil Shetty:
Yes. Thank you, Alaric. Good day, everyone. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth Management, I
appreciate you all joining us for the Q4 and full year FY '25 Earnings Call of BLS
International Services Limited.
Today, we have with us the leadership team to discuss the company's operational and
financial performance. So, we have with us Mr. Nikhil Gupta, Managing Director; Shikhar
Aggarwal, Joint Managing Director; Amit Sudhakar, CFO; Lokanath Panda, COO, Digital
Business; Gaurav Chugh, Head of Investor Relations.
With that, now I hand over the call to Gaurav. Thank you, and over to you.
Gaurav Chugh:
Thank you, Nikhil. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking out time to join this call
today. Just to remind you that this discussion may contain forward-looking statements that
may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It may be viewed in
conjunction with our businesses that could cause future results, performance or achievements
to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Shikhar Aggarwal for his opening remarks, post
which Mr. Amit Sudhakar will discuss the financial performance of the company. And
subsequently, we'll open the floor for Q&A.
Thank you, and over to you, Shikhar.
Shikhar Aggarwal:
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on BLS International's Q4
and FY '25 Earnings Call today. We trust you had the chance to review our results, press
release and investor presentation, which are available on both the stock exchanges and our
company's website.
I'm delighted to announce that FY '25 has been an exceptional year for us with record-
breaking performance across all key metrics. Our consolidated revenue reached INR 2,193
crores, marking an impressive 31% year-on-year growth. Our EBITDA strengthened to INR

Page 3 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
629 crores with an enhanced margin to 28.7%, while net profit surged to INR 540 crores,
representing about a 66% increase over the previous financial year.
The exceptional performance is driven by several key factors. Robust growth in both our visa
& consular and digital business, the ongoing transition to self-managed model and the
strategic integration of various acquisitions we did during the financial year 2025, namely
iDATA, Citizenship Invest and Aadifidelis in India.
Our visa and consular business has emerged as strong contributor, experiencing robust growth
fuelled by sustained growth in the global travel, positively impacting the visa application
volumes, the successful execution of new contracts, the integration of new acquisitions and
the ongoing transition to self-managed model across various geographies.
We achieved a record high in visa volumes reaching 37.51 lakh in FY '25 from 28.65 lakh in
FY '24, with the net revenue per application increasing to INR 2,903 from INR 2,146 in FY
'24, a growth of 35%. In line with the growing trajectory during the financial year, we have
successfully opened new centres across various countries, including Colombia, Peru, Gambia,
Sri Lanka, Philippines, Egypt, UAE, Vietnam and others.
Additionally, in China, we have transitioned to enhance our operational efficiency further.
Ecuador also saw a significant transition this year, further solidifying our commitment to
expanding our footprint.
On the digital service front, we have witnessed strong traction, especially after the integration
of Aadifidelis Solutions, which has strengthened our position within the broader ecosystem
and enhanced our market presence in BC network.
The Digital Service segment reported revenues of INR 540 crores, growing 71% and EBITDA
of INR 60 crores, reflecting a solid growth of 22%. At the end of FY '25, the digital
ecosystem had expanded to 44,800+ CSPs and 142,000+ touch points, enhancing both
accessibility and service delivery across the under-served area.
The vertical also enabled loan disbursement of around INR 12,000 crores, including INR
6,700 crores through Aadifidelis solutions, supporting our financial inclusion initiatives. The
comprehensive growth strategy not only reinforces our commitment to serve diverse
community but also position us as a key player in driving sustainable economic development
through innovative digital solutions.
Moreover, in our pursuit of enhancing digital services, we have forged strategic partnerships
with many key institutional service providers, including Canara Bank, Central Bank, SBI and
Bajaj FinServ. These collaborations have significantly enhanced our outreach.
Additionally, our partnership with insurance providers like SBI General Insurance and Aditya

Page 4 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
Birla Insurance has allowed us to tailor our offerings to meet the diverse need of our clients.
By leveraging advanced technology and analytical skills, we continue to scale our business.
In FY '25, we invested more than INR 1,000 crores across strategic acquisitions. Despite this,
we ended the year with a healthy cash balance of INR 928 crores.
As we move forward, we remain deeply committed to deliver sustainable and profitable
growth. Our strategy remains two-fold, aggressively pursue organic growth by winning new
contracts and deepen client engagement while also exploring value generation, inorganic
opportunities in tech-enabled outsourcing and digital services globally.
In conclusion, this performance reflects our continued focus on operational excellence,
strategic expansion and business transformation. As we move forward, our strong
fundamental disciplined execution and customer-centric approach positions us well to sustain
momentum and create long-term shareholder value. Thank you once again for your continued
trust and support.
I will now hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Amit Sudhakar, to take you through the
financial highlights in more detail.
Amit Sudhakar:
Thank you, Shikhar. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to present the audited
consolidated financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year ended March 31, 2025.
In the Q4 FY '25, the revenue stood at INR 693 crores, a year-on-year growth of 55% from
INR 448 crores in Q4 FY '24. EBITDA for the quarter came in at INR 174 crores, registering
a growth of 93% Y-o-Y from INR 90 crores in Q4 FY '24, with EBITDA margin improving
by 496 basis points Y-o-Y to 25.1% from 20.2% in Q4 FY '24, reflecting our transition to a
self-managed model and contribution from higher-margin contracts. Profit after tax for the
quarter was INR 145 crores, up 70% Y-o-Y from INR 85 crores in Q4 FY '24, supported by
enhanced profitability across both our business segments.
During this quarter, we witnessed a remarkable performance in our Visa & Consular service
segment, which demonstrated robust growth. Revenue surged to INR 441 crores, reflecting a
significant increase of 19% Y-o-Y from INR 370 crores in Q4 FY '24.
Notably, our EBITDA margin expanded by an impressive 1,347 basis points Y-o-Y, reaching
to 34.2% compared to 20.8% in previous year Q4 FY '24. The growth was fuelled by a 38%
Y-o-Y increase in application volume from 7.1 lakh in Q4 FY '24 to 9.8 lakh in Q4 FY '25,
with net revenue per application standing strong at INR 3,149, a growth of 26% Y-o-Y from
INR 2,500 in Q4 FY '24.
In addition, our Digital Business segment also showed positive results, reporting a revenue of
INR 252 crores, marking a remarkable 226% Y-o-Y growth from INR 77 crores in Q4 FY '24.
The growth was largely driven by successful integration of Aadifidelis acquisition and strong

Page 5 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
traction in our BC network.
The EBITDA for this segment reached INR 23 crores showcasing an exceptional growth of
74% Y-o-Y from INR 13 crores in Q4 FY '24 with margins stabilizing at 9.2%.
Coming to the full year FY '25 performance, we closed the year with a consolidated revenue
of INR 2,193 crores, a growth of 31% Y-o-Y from INR 1,677 crores in FY '24. This is the
highest ever annual revenue for the company.
EBITDA grew by 82% Y-o-Y to INR 629 crores from INR 346 crores in FY '24 with
EBITDA margin improving from 808 basis points Y-o-Y to 28.7% compared to 20.6% in FY
'24. This margin expansion was driven by scale, transition to self-managed centers, higher
realization per application and integration of the newly acquired businesses.
Our profit after tax for the year rose by 66% Y-o-Y to INR 540 crores compared to INR 326
crores in FY'24. The Visa & Consular business segment posted a robust growth with the
revenue rising to INR 1,653 crores compared to INR 1,362 crores in FY '24, a growth of 21%
Y-o-Y. And EBITDA margin expanded by 1,293 basis points Y-o-Y to 34.5%, up from
22.1% in the previous year.
Application volume increased by 31% to 37.5 lakh in FY '25 from 28.7 lakh in FY '24, while
net revenue per application stood at INR 2,903 in FY '25, up 35% from INR 2,146 in FY '24.
The digital segment reported revenue of INR 540 crores, up 71% Y-o-Y from INR 315 crores
in FY '24, driven by Aadifidelis acquisition and traction in the Business Correspondent
business.
EBITDA for the segment stood at INR 60 crores, up 32% Y-o-Y from INR 45 crores in FY
'24 with the margin stabilizing at 11% in FY '25. On the balance sheet front, we continue to
maintain a robust financial position with net cash of INR 928 crores as on March 31, 2025,
even after deploying over INR 1,000 crores in strategic acquisitions during the year. The
return ratios remain strong with ROE at 31% and ROCE of 22% for FY '25. The Board of
Directors of the company have recommended a dividend of INR 1 per share.
Looking forward, we remain optimistic about our growth prospects, our healthy cash reserve,
improved margin profile and expanding global footprint position us well to capture emerging
opportunities in both in our core as well as digital verticals.
With that, I will request the moderator to open the floor for questions. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first
question comes from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investments.
Ravi Naredi:
Shikhar ji you and your team under Nikhil Gupta ji, you are doing excellent work. Our

Page 6 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
company profit in March 2020 was INR 50 crores, so it increased to INR 540 crores. First,
congratulations to entire team. Sir, my first question, how many visa permission we have
applied for which we are awaiting sanctions from countries? And what is our success ratio?
Means if we apply 10, how many we get?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
So as you know, in this quarter, we have done around 9.8 lakh applications. We have already
said compared to 7.14 lakh; it is an increase of 38% compared to last year. And we continue
applying for multiple tenders across the world. Currently, none of the tenders we applied have
not sanctioned. There is no sanctioned that have come out of those countries anyway.
I mean we continue to apply for different tenders. You see the result of the business that the
numbers we have achieved. A lot of it is organic and we've also won new tenders. Some of
this is deployed this year, some are in deployment stage. But at the same time, we are bidding
for new contracts in different geographies.
Ravi Naredi:
Right. And second, sir, in quarter 4, our fee for visa is INR 3,149. So now our base is
increasing. So what is target for financial year '26?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
See, our target is to first maintain the numbers that we achieved. We need to maintain the
target regarding which we are always striving at more cost efficiency, increasing the profits,
etc. So I mean, right now, a healthy growth of 15% to 20% minimum level that is the target
we want to achieve. We have been targeting that only every year, but we have been delivering
better. So that is what we are again targeting.
Ravi Naredi:
20%, right?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
See, internal targets are very different. But for the market, I don't want to give any forward-
looking number or statement. We have not given any target yet, okay?
Ravi Naredi:
And sir, lastly, due to Turkey involved with Pak in war, do you see any problem in our
business?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
No, no. Let me answer. We are working in 70 countries with multiple European governments
in different parts of the world and delivery of services in different parts of the world. So we
are a global company now. So there is no issue anywhere in the world.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Yogesh from Moneyvesta Capital Services.
Yogesh:
I want to know in the Visa & Consular segment, there is an improvement of more than 10% of
EBITDA. Is this level sustainable in the future? And can you throw some light on this?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
Yes. This level will be sustainable in the future in the Visa & Consular business.
Moderator:
Does that answer your question, Yogesh?

Page 7 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
Yogesh Anand:
Sir, can you explain some light on the reason of improvement of this 10% EBITDA margin?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
As we have explained in the past quarters also, because we have done a lot of efforts, in some
countries the transition from partner-led model where we had some partners, operational
partners, we are now completely operating on our own. Service fee has increased, conversion
of different services have improved, increase in prices have come. So a lot of factors have led
to this growth.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Gaurav Srivastava from Abundita Capital.
Gaurav Srivastava:
So once to all of your team members, very congratulation for the exceptional result given by
your team. I think it's a team effort which gives us a decent return. My one query is regarding
looking at the P&L account, I found the other costs increased significantly, accounting 47%.
So just wanted to know what is the other cost? Why is it so increased for the last 3, 4 years?
Amit Sudhakar:
You mean cost of service?
Gaurav Srivastava:
Yes. I just gone through your expenses breakup. So other costs contribute to 47% of your cost.
Earlier it was 10%. But this year, it has gone very high?
Amit Sudhakar:
Yes. So Gaurav, that is because as we have been talking in our earlier investor calls also that
we have changed our model, now it is a self-run model, as we have taken offices on our own
and we have our own people rather than a partnership model.
So where the commission used to be paid in the cost of services, now we have our own
employees and the rentals and the location administration costs, all are being paid by us.
Therefore, there's an increase in the other expenses, whereas if you see the cost of services are
coming down. Overall, the margins are improving.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Varun Subramanian from Ascent Capital.
Varun Subramanian:
Just a couple of quick book-keeping questions. So on revenue, the net revenue seems to be
essentially your net revenue per application into a number of applications. Is the delta between
revenue on the Visa & Consular services business? So the delta between revenue and net
revenue, is that also partially what is being passed on to the embassy and secondly, consular
services? Is that correct?
Amit Sudhakar:
To some extent it is right that the cost of services get adjusted because in certain places, we
have the embassy fees being part of the cost of services and all the direct expenses.
Varun Subramanian:
So essentially, the cost of services is being counted as revenue in the consolidated revenue,
right, top line? Net revenue will exclude that…
Amit Sudhakar:
Yes, for representation, we show it net revenue.

Page 8 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
Varun Subramanian:
Got it. So of the INR 150-odd crores, which is basically revenue minus net revenue, how
much would be roughly the Consular services?
Amit Sudhakar:
I don't have the direct figure.
Varun Subramanian:
Can I assume around $25 into whatever, 9.8 lakh applications would be the cost of services?
Amit Sudhakar:
See, that has not been in all the countries. There are only one or two, couple of countries
where the billing happens along with the embassy fees. So it's not in all the countries.
Varun Subramanian:
Okay. Understood. Okay. And second thing is on EBITDA margins between Visa & Consular
Services. Assuming, let's say, INR 50 crores - INR60 crores coming from Consular services,
what would be the at least margin percentage indicatively across these two businesses? And
what kind of growth are you seeing in the Consular services business?
Amit Sudhakar:
The margins are practically same in both the businesses. So this ~35% EBITDA margin,
which we have shown, as we have been saying in the earlier conference calls also that we
want this to remain above 30%, and we want to maintain it.
Varun Subramanian:
Got it. And one final question. I think you've been able to sort of increase the net revenue per
application quite significantly over the last, let's say, 5, 6 quarters. I'm assuming that value-
added services are largely driving this. Just wanted to understand where do you see this sort of
capping out because they're already at INR 3,000 per application?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
So I think, first of all, we've got an increase in our service fee also in many countries. And as
you see a lot of tenders QCBS bids, we are getting higher technical marks. So, our service fee
per application is also increasing. So definitely, there is a mix of factors for increase. And
right now, our target is to maintain that. Now how much further we can go, we cannot give
you exact number. But definitely, we strive to improve it every year.
Varun Subramanian:
So if I understood this correctly, it's also a combination of the pass on that the embassy is
giving you, not just increase in value-add services.
Shikhar Aggarwal:
Correct.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Anuj Jain from Global Capital.
Anuj Jain:
Congratulations on the wonderful set of numbers. So I just want to understand, I mean, like
we are holding some INR 900-odd crores of cash in our balance sheet. And we have done
pretty decent acquisitions in FY '25. So what are our plans of utilizing this cash going forward?
How we are planning for that?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
See, if you see last year, we've done INR 1,000 crores plus acquisition and we're also a
dividend paying company. This year also we have paid 100% dividend on the face value we

Page 9 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
have announced. So I mean, this is a cash-generating company. It's a negative working capital
business.
And as we grow, we generate more amount of cash. We are seeing effective ways of
utilization. Acquisition was one. Dividends we've been paying. We are investing on different
resources, growth of the company, getting good quality people, spending some on technology,
capex, etc.
So going forward, I think the growth that we foresee in terms of new contracts coming in, etc.,
some cash will be utilized in that. We are reinvesting in improving our offices, technology, etc.
And also, we are again open once the acquisitions that we have done, the synergies properly
kick in, we are open to more acquisitions in the future as well.
Anuj Jain:
Okay. And I just want to understand one more thing. I mean, like any new agreement with any
new country is in pipeline. I mean, do we expect any new business or it's a routine business,
routine thing?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
No, it's a growing company. Every year, if you see, we add new contracts, add new volume.
So whenever we sign a contract, we will announce it.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Sachin, an Individual Investor.
Sachin:
Congratulations on a great set of results, sir. I've been a long-term investor in the company,
and you never fail to disappoint us. So a big thank you from all the investors. So my question
is with regards to China. Can you please tell us what's happening with China in terms of post-
COVID volumes?
Have we come back to how it was before? And also, we saw an acquisition as part of an
exchange notification, was that the Indian Embassy work in Beijing that was taken over? Are
we seeing all of this because they're all getting self-managed by us? That's the question.
Shikhar Aggarwal:
Correct. So China, the volume is almost, not 100%, but it's almost back to pre-COVID level.
We have seen a good growth in terms of our revenue from China. And we've also transitioned
to our own model there. So that is why you must have seen an entity incorporation or
something. So we have a strong footing.
Sachin:
Can you also tell us in terms of cost optimization of self-managing. What percentage of cost
optimization still remains due in terms of like what we targeted versus where we are and how
much more can we actually look at self-managed offices for ourselves?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
To understand your question, you're saying about the cost optimization? Correct?
Sachin:
Yes. Surely, we'll have like a ballpark, right? So where are we in terms of how much more
can we do?

Page 10 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
Shikhar Aggarwal:
See, there was no set target, first of all, since we are a growing company, there was no target
to do cost optimization. But as in COVID, we learned a new way of doing business. So
definitely, we kind of learned that. But the acquisitions that we have done, where we can do
sharing of offices, economies of scale can help us that we are in the process of doing. And
we've done in many countries and some more countries are on the pipeline. So that is there for
sure.
Sachin:
Okay. And everybody's question is in terms of the cash balances and what we do. So we know
that you will keep looking at acquisitions. But are there companies out there like iDATA with
that sort of EBITDA profile still there, which can improve our company as well? Or is it all
competitive, less EBITDA sort of companies in the future? Because the concern is around
EBITDA numbers getting diluted with the BLS E-Services numbers getting added, right? So
whenever there is that...
Shikhar Aggarwal:
No. But if you see the visa business, the EBITDA numbers are 34%, and they continue to
remain that. And going forward also, there are still one or two companies in the business,
which have high EBITDA numbers. So we'll continue to remain on that trajectory.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Samir Palod from AUM Fund Advisors LLP.
Samir Palod:
Excellent set of results, so many congratulations. Shikhar, I wanted your views on sort of
what you expect in FY '26, the sustainability of the 30%-plus EBITDA margin. So if you can
sort of throw some light on expected sales growth from this high base that you've created of
almost INR 2,200 crores and on the margins as well there? Very helpful, that would be.
Shikhar Aggarwal:
So see, this is a factor, the EBITDA percentage number that we've achieved is a factor of
efforts that we started doing 5 years back. So it took a lot of time. And it started showing
results 1.5 - 2 years back. Every quarter, we've seen an increase in EBITDA numbers. And we
are quite comfortable with what we have achieved.
So in the Visa business, I think our immediate target is just to maintain whatever we have
achieved. There's no plan to grow that in the future. But I mean, all the initiatives that we take
every day, so it might lead to an increase. But right now, our plan is to sustain whatever
EBITDA margin we have achieved, and we are at a healthy number.
In regards to growth in revenue, etc., I mean, if you see in the past, this financial year we've
done 30% revenue growth and 82% EBITDA growth. If you see last 5 years, we've been
growing at more than 90% CAGR in terms of profit if you start from 2021. So definitely, our
target is to grow.
There is no set target that we're giving to the market, but you can take growth in visa volumes,
etc. So at least 15%, 20% normal growth that we've been doing on top of that. There are
multiple other things that we are focusing on. So I mean, there's no exact percentage that we

Page 11 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
can tell, but we wish to maintain the growth momentum that we have been maintaining for the
last 5 years.
Samir Palod:
Fair enough. And you had made an acquisition in Turkey, right, or one of the companies
which had a Turkish contract?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
No, no. Actually, please, I suggest that you see and read. We are working with European
Government. So we acquired a company called iDATA, which has contracts with Germany,
Italy and Czech Republic Government in 15 countries. So Turkey is one of the countries
where they operate.
So that is the scenario where people from Turkey who go to Germany, Italy, they apply for
visa in our offices. So there is no contract. The contracts are only with German Government
and Italy Government. As we have been operating for the Spanish Government there from
2016 as well. So globally, we operate in 70 countries with multiple governments. That is the
scenario.
Samir Palod:
So no likely impact of anything to do with India, Turkey tension, right?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
I told you that we are working with all these European governments globally. There is no
issue.
Samir Palod:
Right. And sorry, I don't have the balance sheet data in front of me, but what was the
operating cash flow in the current year?
Amit Sudhakar:
The net we have talked about is INR 928 crores is the net cash balance.
Samir Palod:
This is cash flow during the year? I'm not asking for the cash balance. I'm asking for the
operating cash flow during the year.
Amit Sudhakar:
So operating cash is INR 903 crores.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Manish Choraghe from KJMC Capital.
Manish Choraghe:
Congratulations on great set of numbers. I just wanted to know, would you be able to give any
specific numbers on iDATA and Aadifidelis solutions?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
I think there's no specific numbers, but what we can tell you is that we have achieved
EBITDA growth of 80% from last year and 20% of that growth has come from our
acquisitions, but more than 60% has come from organic. So it's only 20% growth that has
come because the full year numbers have not captured the full year numbers of these
acquisitions.
Manish Choraghe:
Okay. And any further acquisitions pipeline?

Page 12 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
Shikhar Aggarwal:
I think we are always looking at different opportunities. So as and when anything is finalized,
we'll definitely let you know.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Anupama from RatnaTraya Capital.
Anupama:
Yes, I had the same question actually on the acquisition. Can we have the revenue numbers
for the Aadifidelis acquisition and maybe the profitability also?
Amit Sudhakar:
So if you look at Aadifidelis, we have about INR 200 crores of revenue in the current
financial year.
Anupama:
And what kind of EBITDA or PAT would be from Aadifidelis?
Amit Sudhakar:
Aadifidelis has an EBITDA of around 4% to 5%.
Anupama:
4% to 5%. Okay. And do we have like the application number, some iDATA?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
I think we have the total volume. So we have done around 9.83 lakh applications versus 7.14
lakh, which is a growth of 38%. So this I think numbers include organic growth as well as the
growth from acquisitions.
Anupama:
Right. And can I just have like a guidance or commentary on what is the seasonality with the
applications? Like last June, I can see a good jump, but then it has sort of stabilized on that.
And then the last year or so, it's been at around INR 7 lakhs.
Shikhar Aggarwal:
I mean if you see last 2 years, that is how the business is, you have seen the numbers in the
last 2 years, every quarter that is how it operates on an ongoing basis.
Anupama:
So there's no seasonality between the quarters?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
No, there is. I'm saying as you are seeing seasonality between different quarters last few years
is the same thing this year also. So there is seasonality.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Veeranna Savadi, an Individual Investor.
Veeranna Savadi:
I'm an Individual Investor in BLS E-Services. My question is what is your future view for
BLS E-Services? And the second question is, is there anything you are going to expand BLS
E-Service outside India? So these are my two questions.
Shikhar Aggarwal:
So I think if I heard you right, see, BLS E-Services, if you see our EBITDA has grown 32% at
INR 60 crores now compared to INR 45 crores last year. And we are seeing a phenomenal
momentum in BLS E-Services. Our network has grown to more than 120,000 centers. We
have enrolled multiple new public sector & private sector banks

Page 13 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
We have started different adjacent businesses, higher-margin businesses I've been talking
about in the past years, the B2C segment, like insurance services, etc., that have started to
increase our profitability. And the loan distribution business that we've gotten into, I think
Aadifidelis is working in some codes now, with our presence we can really take that forward.
So in the next few years, we expect good growth in BLS E-services and we are looking at
multiple tenders with different banks to grow our BC business as well as e-governance
contracts as we have been operating in, I mean, Gujarat, West Bengal, we are looking at
multiple tenders in other states as well. So I feel it is a good business that has a great potential
to grow.
Veeranna Savadi:
Yes. My second question, Sir, anything you would like to expand this business outside India
as well, like maybe in neighbour countries, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, there might be some
opportunity to grow?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
Yes, definitely, right now, the market is very big in India. We are kind of first achieving a
good volume revenue there. And then in the future, definitely, we are open since we can take
the support of the parent company, BLS International, which has offices in 70 countries. So
definitely, in the future, if the opportunity arises, definitely we will look at it.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Nikhil Shetty from Nuvama Wealth Management.
Nikhil Shetty:
Shikhar, could you please share which countries are yet to transition from partner-led to own
model? If you don't want to name them, fine, but at least the potential, I mean, the revenue
percentage that would be helpful. So this shift could be a meaningful trigger for the margin
expansion. And you had mentioned about China. And could you elaborate on the potential
financial benefit that could materialize from this particular market, perhaps with some
indicative numbers?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
See, I think already, if you see we have transitioned most of the countries. There is -- in my
knowledge, maybe 1 or 2, but probably I don't know if that will be the significant change in
revenue or not. But from China, we started in January. So I mean, the numbers of China have
already been incorporated in the financials of this quarter. Maybe some more growth is
expected.
So going forward, this growth is multiple factors. That is just one element, the transition. So
that will continue to be there. But if you talk about if we have analysed what revenue will get
increased from Spain in the future, we have not done any of those studies. I mean majority of
the work has already been done. There are some one or 2 more countries left that we will be
doing.
Nikhil Shetty:
Okay. And also, while FY '26 appears well positioned with the steady base business and full
integration of the acquired entity. So it would be helpful if you could share your thoughts on

Page 14 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
the medium- to long-term outlook, specifically for 3 to 5 years, what kind of revenue growth
trajectory is the management deciding?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
See, we always like to take conservative numbers for the market, and if you see last 5 years,
we have done exceptionally well. We understand the base has increased of the company, and
it is not easy as a big company to grow. But if you see the opportunity size in this market
there's multi-billion there. It's humongous.
There are a lot of contracts that are in the pipeline. As we grow as a company, governments
are building trust on us. They're re-awarding tenders to us. New governments want to reduce
the monopoly, give work to multiple players, which are qualified, which only have 3 in the
world.
So we think that there is a big opportunity in terms of getting good market share organically.
There is an opportunity in growth in our existing business. Visa volumes will grow. Revenue
per application, service fees have been growing. Value-add services have been growing.
Conversions have increased. We are trying to do economies of scale combining our multiple
offices. So there is a good amount of organic growth that we continue to focus on.
And then on top of that, these tenders that we are bidding for and if there's an acquisition
opportunity that comes also in the future. So we expect healthy growth. At bare minimum
15%, 20% is something that we wish to maintain. We don't want to give aggressive numbers
to the market. But definitely, our target is to achieve more.
Nikhil Shetty:
And just to get a more sense on the tender side, if you give us a sense in next, say, 12 to 18
months, what is the opportunity size we are bidding for and the conversion possibility from
that? And any big in near term, big geography, which is up for renewal in near term?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
Yes. First of all, as we have explained in the past, our strategy as a company has been to bid
for all tenders. So we have been bidding. That is how we have grown the company. We have
been bidding for all tenders in our industry from day one the company got established.
So there is $1 billion worth of contracts that are coming up for renewal that we are clear that
we have been in touch with those governments. So definitely, we will be bidding for that. And
then in the future, more tenders will come up again.
Nikhil Shetty:
Okay. And lastly, just on the iDATA and Citizen Invest, how much is contributed for the
entire '25?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
I mean from the growth; I know that it's only 20% of the growth of EBITDA that has come
from the business. Out of the 82% growth in EBITDA, only 20% has come this year from that.
Nikhil Shetty:
In terms of top line?

Page 15 of 15
BLS International Services Limited
May 16, 2025
Shikhar Aggarwal:
In terms of EBITDA. I don't know in terms of top line, I think Amit can...
Nikhil Shetty:
Yes, I just want revenue numbers. I'm fine.
Shikhar Aggarwal:
Otherwise, yes, you can take it up later.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Sanket from GEPL Capital.
Sanket:
Congratulations to you guys. And I just had one question that we have acquired SLW Media,
just wanted to know what's the outlook for that company? How are we moving forward with
that acquisition?
Shikhar Aggarwal:
No, no. We have explained in the past that we have not acquired, this was a INR 70 lakh
investment
that we did to enhance our brand and that is doing very strong. And that is
profitable. We have no further investment that we are making in that company.
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the
conference over to the management for the closing comments.
Gaurav Chugh:
Thank you, everyone, for joining this call today. We hope all your queries have been
answered. In case you have any further queries, please do reach out to Gaurav Chugh or the
EY team. We look forward to interacting with you again next quarter. Thank you, and
goodbye.
Moderator:
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Nuvama Wealth Management, that
concludes this conference. You may now disconnect your lines.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Disclaimer:
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of
accuracy. Some minor editing may have been done for better readability. In case of
discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on May 16, 2025, will
prevail.
