 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited (Formerly known as “Gati Limited”) 
Registered Office: 4th Floor, B Wing, Allcargo House, CST Road, Kalina Santacruz (East), Mumbai – 400098, Maharashtra, India 
Corporate Office: Western Pearl, 4th Floor, Survey No. 13(p), Kondapur, Hyderabad, Rangareddy – 500084, Telangana, India 
E-mail: investor.services@allcargologistics.com Tel: 022 66798100 
CIN: L63011MH1995PLC420155 | Website: www.allcargogati.com  
 
 
 
May 22, 2025 
 
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001. 
Tel:   022 - 2272 1233 / 34 
Fax:  022 - 2272 2131 / 1072/ 2037 / 2061 / 41 
 
Scrip Code: 532345 
ISIN No.: INE152B01027 
Re.: Allcargo Gati Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  Mumbai – 400 051 
Tel:     022 - 2659 8235 / 36 / 452 
Fax:    022 - 2659 8237/ 38 
 
Symbol : ACLGATI 
ISIN No.: INE152B01027 
Re.: Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Analyst/Institutional Investor Meetings/ Earnings Call under the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015 (“Listing Regulations”).  
 
Ref.: Company Letter dated May 10, 2025. 
 
Reference the captioned subject and mentioned reference, the Q4FY25 Earnings Con-Call with 
respect to the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the 
fourth quarter and financial year ended on March 31, 2025. 
 
The aforesaid Transcript will also be uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.allcargogati.com. 
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Gati Limited 
(Formerly known as “Gati Limited”) 
 
 
Piyush Khandelwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A65318 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
PIYUSH 
KHANDELWAL
Digitally signed by 
PIYUSH KHANDELWAL 
Date: 2025.05.22 
17:08:15 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Gati Limited 
Q4 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call”  
May 16, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KETAN KULKARNI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ALLCARGO GATI 
LIMITED 
 
MR. DEEPAK PAREEK -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- 
ALLCARGO GATI LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY PUNJABI -- INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
ALLCARGO GATI LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUYASH SAMANT – STELLAR IR ADVISOR 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Allcargo Gati Limited Q4 and FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suyash Samant from Stellar IR Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Suyash Samant: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have with us today 
the senior management team of Allcargo Gati Limited; Mr. Ketan Kulkarni, MD and CEO of 
Gati Express and Supply Chain Private Limited; Mr. Deepak Pareek, Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Sanjay Punjabi from Investor Relations, who will represent Allcargo Gati Limited on 
the call. The management will be sharing operating and financial highlights for the quarter and 
full year ended March 31, 2025, followed by a question-and-answer session. 
 
Please note, this call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely 
based upon the company's beliefs, opinions, and expectations as of today. These statements are 
not a guarantee of the company's future performance and involve unforeseen risks and 
uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statements to reflect developments that occur after a statement is made. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Ketan Kulkarni. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Thank you, Suyash. Good morning, everybody, and a warm welcome to our Q4 and FY '2025 
Earnings Conference Call, and thank you all for being on it. We have uploaded our results and 
earnings presentation on the Stock Exchanges and the company website. And I do hope 
everybody has had an opportunity to go through the same. I will now share an overview of the 
business, the economy and the industry, after which, I will hand over the call to Deepak Pareek, 
our CFO, to discuss the financial performance of the company for the quarter and financial year 
ended March 2025. 
 
The Indian economy, as you all know, is projected to remain the fastest-growing economy in the 
current calendar and financial year with the IMF forecasting growth of about 6% plus. And this 
will outpace the global growth estimates about 2.5% to 3%. So we will, once again, be a very, 
very strong and growing economy, and that kind of augers very well for our business, which 
essentially is a trade facilitator for the industry. And this growth we are seeing is driven by very 
strong private consumption, macroeconomic fundamentals, and our resilience really stands out 
in a very volatile world that we are all experiencing. 
 
Apart from that, the International Monetary Fund has also highlighted our growing global 
influence supported by the tremendous reforms that have happened over the last decade or 
infrastructure, innovation, financial inclusion, the spirit of entrepreneurship. And all this kind of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 3 of 16 
 
positioning us as an economy, very, very well. As the global economic momentum kind of comes 
back, we'll be the front of it all. 
 
And within that, the logistics sector in which we operate, I think, significant tailwinds. Again, 
over the last decade, a lot of investments in road, rail, multimodal connectivity, the national 
logistics policy, Gati Shakti, Make in India, Bharat Mala, Sagar Mala, all kind of transforming 
the structural business of the logistics ecosystem. So that's a wonderful. 
 
And inflation also easing quite a bit in low single digit, as I read yesterday, and a lot of monetary 
support on the horizon logistics players. Well capitalized. There's rising demand in e-commerce, 
manufacturing is coming up. Consumption is a tad better. And with a good monsoon, I think that 
will accelerate further. 
 
So the long-term objective for the sector, very positive, good structural reforms, good playbook. 
And what really is happening for us is that there's a growing need for integrated and tech-led 
logistics solution players. And the group itself, Allcargo and within that, our business unit, very, 
very well poised. 
 
E-Way bill generation surged nearly 20% in March '25 to reach INR12 lakh crore plus for the 
first time. So again, that is a good indicator of economic activity. Net GST collections also saw 
a 7.3% year-on-year increase. So as I said earlier, all this kind of points to our direct or highlights 
the growing demand and economic momentum on which the logistics sector, as I said earlier, 
arrives very strongly being the trade facilitator. 
 
Coming back to our business, a lot of initiatives have been taken which will lead the company 
back towards a profitable growth path. We are onboarding new large marquee customers that 
kind of reflects their confidence in the quality of service we bring in the value to their business, 
refocusing on MSME and retail, which really bring good high yields. And with the government 
focus on MSME, we will partner very, very strongly in enabling that part of India's business 
,trade more in markets that were inaccessible to them. So our reach and depth kind of enables 
that a lot. 
 
Additionally, we are looking at our prices, our tariffs, which will further enhance our gross 
margins. With improving service quality and the value we bring to customers, we feel there is 
scope of improving our pricing and tariff strategy. 
 
Our ERP tech is such an important aspect now for logistics. The logistics is essentially a business 
that moves shipments, but those shipments move physically and they also move virtually on a 
tech platform. So our financial ERP, our operations ERP, all being modernized; the IT 
infrastructure being modernized. Apart from the digital infrastructure, a lot of investment in 
terms of the physical infrastructure, embedding of newer processes. 
 
So all in all, everything that needs to be done for the business to grow, to become more profitable 
is being done. We recently launched HubEye, GateEye  very innovative applications, which 
allow us 24/7 real-time visibility on trucks that come into our large surface transshipment 
centers, which we have about 21 across the country. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
Last-mile operations through our channel partners have also been strengthened on the tech 
platform with a new pickup and delivery app that's been under development. So a lot of ticked 
boxes on the business, moving it to a positive phase of revenue and profitability. 
 
That's my introduction of the business to you over the last quarter and the year. I hand over now 
to my colleague and CFO, Deepak Pareek, to walk us through the financial numbers, and we can 
definitely discuss some of those. Thank you, everybody, once again, for joining. 
Deepak Pareek: 
Thank you, Ketan. Good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to our Q4 and FY '25 
earnings call. I will take you through the financial highlights results for the full year and quarter 
gone by. 
 
Before I share the financials, I will share an update on the corporate restructuring. We have 
received all necessary approvals from exchange and shareholders. The meeting happened in 
February 18. We are waiting for NCLT hearing, which is scheduled on 2nd July. Post the 
hearing, the outcome of the scheme and order will be communicated to the stock exchanges and 
our shareholders. 
 
Another thing that I would like to highlight here is that in this quarter, the noncore assets, which 
we were identifying to say so far, we could sell one of them. And for other two of them, we 
could agree sign a definitive term sheet, and the process of closure would be completed in this 
quarter. 
 
Now moving to the highlights of our Express business, In FY '25, the total tonnage handled in 
the full year was 1.25 million metric tons. The revenue of FY '25 stood at INR1,510 crores as 
compared to INR1,479 crores for FY '24, which depicts a growth of 2% on a year-on-year basis. 
Gross margin for the year showed an improvement of 18 basis points compared to last year on 
the back of several cost initiatives. 
 
This has been reflected in our EBITDA growth, too. It has grown by 34 percentage as compared 
to FY '24. EBITDA margin for FY '25, on the other hand, has shown a growth of 110 basis 
points in comparison to the previous year. We are hopeful of continuing to build on this 
momentum with the initiatives highlighted by Ketan just now. 
 
Coming to the quarter. In Q4 FY '25, the total tonnage handled was close to 3 lakh metric tons 
as compared to 3,12,000 metric tons in Q4 FY '24 and 3,33,000 metric tons handled in Q3 FY 
'25. Revenue for the quarter grew by 9% as compared to same period last year. Gross profit stood 
at INR89 crores as compared to INR93 crores of the same period last year. EBITDA for Q4 '25 
stood at INR12 crores as compared to INR15 crores for Q4 FY '24. Net cash as of March '25 
stood at INR109 crores. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for question and answers. Thank you from my side. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Anshul Agrawal from Emkay Global. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
So a couple of questions from my end. First, on the industry level, like you mentioned in your 
opening remarks, indicators like E-Way Bill, GDP growth, etcetera, are all trending positively. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 5 of 16 
 
But prominent industry participants, including ourselves, are not been able to grow in line with 
what probably the historical performance of the industry has been. 
 
Is it because the industry seeding sort of the share towards -- or larger pan India operators are 
seeding share to regional players? Or is it that Express itself is highly difficult to grow? What 
could be the probable reasons around the tepid top line growth? Yes, that's my first question. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Sure, sure, Anshul. And a very, very good question. I think I'm sure you've been tracking the 
industry. The industry Express grows at about between 1.2% to 1.5% of the GDP. So in that 
sense, the growth is about between 8% to 9% that the Express industry grows at. Wherein 
Surface grows a tad faster than Air. So the industry is maintaining those parameters of 1.2% to 
1.5% of GDP. So that's in a comfortable space for the industry. 
 
Secondly, because of the formalization of the industry and the structural reforms that are 
happening, we are seeing that there is a propensity and favor in terms of organized national 
regulated players rather than regional players. So that's the organized industry is growing a tad 
faster than the regional industry. 
 
And thirdly, our own business, you have seen our numbers over the last quarter, numbers are 
here for you to see FY numbers and also over the last 2 or 3 years. So we have kind of grown 
much slower. But from the various measures that we have taken now, we have seen some 
positive green shoots of growth, and that should be visible as we kind of go into the quarters, 
the subsequent quarters. 
 
Anshul, I hope that kind of answers -- we could do right now or move to the next one. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
So partly, just a follow-up on this, sir. The volume growth is sort of what I was trying to allude 
to I understand we have other levers in place, but the volume growth seems to be trending 
unfavorably is what my question is. 
 
And not just for you, even for other larger participants. So I'm still unclear if despite the tailwinds 
of formalization, etcetera, when do we see pan-India operators sort of gain volume share -- 
volume market share? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Volume market share from the unorganized? 
Anshul Agrawal: 
That's right, sir. That's correct. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. So that's what I was saying. And the organized players is -- I don't know how we have, 
within yourself, segregated the market, but we see it at 2 cuts. One is the top 5 players, which 
includes us; and also the top 10 players, which includes us and we bring in another 6. So that's 
how we see the market. 
 
And that market, as an entity, is definitely growing, and we're kind of chipping away numbers 
from the regional players. So that's happening. And with improving infrastructure, as I said 
earlier, with regulation, we will see more of the organized market going much, much more 
stronger than it is now. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Sure. I'll move on to the second question, sir. Have we been able to take the price hikes that we 
had indicated earlier in Q4? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. In fact, Deepak just made the comment that the tonnage handled was much less, but there 
is a growth in revenue that clearly indicates that the yield has improved. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Okay. It's not product mix or lane mix, which has driven -- that have taken price hikes for like... 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Absolutely, absolutely. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Great. And as -- have you seen industry participants follow suit over here? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
I would not like to comment on competitors in the industry, Anshul. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Disha from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Disha: 
I just wanted to understand we have seen growth in the Surface business in FY '25, but there has 
been a decline in just a marginal decline in Air Express business. Now that I understand it might 
be alluding to the fact that we did take a price increase. But could you just comment on the 
revenue mix about these different segments? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes, you would like me to comment on what? 
Disha: 
The Segment mix surface, air and supply chain business. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Okay. So by segment mix, you want me to tell you client mix or... 
Disha: 
No, revenue mix. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
That's there in the presentation. 
Disha: 
Yes. But we see an increase in the surface revenue. So what... 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
You're saying why is the Air Express revenue degrown when the surface has grown. Is that your 
question? 
Disha: 
Yes, yes. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
And you correctly for -- that's right. So now I have I'm very, very clear. So yes, Air Express we 
kind of degrew because one of our very large customers moved away because of the pricing 
pressure that we have put on him. And that is the only loss that you are seeing there. In spite of 
yield increase and pricing pressure we put on our surface customers, we could hold them and 
grow the business, but that didn't work out with 1 particularly large air customer who we let go. 
 
But again, to kind of qualify the statement, Air is a focus area for us because Air improves our 
blended yields for the business. We see a great opportunity to be in Air because there is only a 
single player that has its own aircraft, but has just 45% to 50% of the market. So there is still 
50% of the market that operates on belly space of commercial airlines. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
So we see a delta to improve our Air Express business. And going ahead, you will see a lot of 
focus and action on the Air Express business in terms of improving transit times, in terms of 
deeper reach, in terms of a more aggressive go-to-market strategy. So a lot of focus, and we will 
see much better year-on-year growth on the Air Express business. 
Disha: 
So since we have a lot of focus on the Air Express business, would you like to give a revenue 
target for it or a guideline for it for, say, FY '26 or in the near long-term say, 2, 3 years? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
We will grow faster than the market is the indication. The air market grows at about 3% to 4%. 
We will grow in multiples of that. And the entire business have only given an indication in terms 
of earlier calls that we will grow at about 10% above the total express market. 10% means that 
the market is growing at 10%, we will grow at 11%. If the market is growing at 15%, we'll grow 
at 16.5%. But in Air, it will be much more a multiple than that, that is the guidance I can give 
you, Disha. And with the Disha we'd like to go. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capital. 
Chirag: 
My apologies if I missed the initial comments and my question is kind of repetitive. First thing 
I would like to know is that the earlier participant talked upon the competition point. If I'm not 
correct one-off, our unlisted peer is growing at an excellent pace when it comes to terms of 
volume. Is there any change in market share between the top five taking place where one is 
taking over the others. Could you comment on that? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. If you -- I mean, I don't need to comment Chirag, if we have been studying the industry, 
my flat revenue growth over the last 3 to 4 years, will indicate a drop in market share. But going 
ahead, we'll kind of chip in and gain market share every quarter. So -- and you qualified the 
competitors unlisted. So that was a comfort factor because the operations of listed and unlisted 
company will be totally different. 
Chirag: 
Okay. And second, sir, you have made a comment that Express distribution grows at 1.2 to 1.5x 
of what the GDP growth. Just wanted to -- I just wanted a clarification. Is it in terms of volume? 
Or is it in terms of the overall revenue? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
So it is in terms of how the GDP is measured. GDP is measured by value. 
Chirag: 
Okay. Third thing, as you have said that we have taken some price hikes. Just wanted to check, 
gross margins have taken a dip. So is it like there is an increase in costs which we are passing 
on? And is it both the thing? Like we are passing on the cost going forward plus the hike that 
we are taking? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. Definitely, our gross margins have taken a dip. And now I'll invite my colleague and CFO, 
Deepak Pareek, to kind of take the question and explain to you in a deeper sense. 
Deepak Pareek: 
Thanks, Ketan. Chirag, so if you see on a year-on-year basis the gross margin have gone up by 
80 basis points from last year, 24.6% to 25.4%. So that has been our focus to increase the gross 
margin on a constant basis. I think we have been reactivating this point. Only aberration what 
we did in this quarter was taking true from the market and our business partners. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 8 of 16 
 
We took some conscious decision in terms of taking some additional costs, which if you see on 
the -- as reflected in our current quarter margin fall. And we are very optimistic that the decision 
on the investment, which we've done on the service improvement plan, will get reflected as we 
move ahead in the next quarter. 
Part of it was already visible in the current quarter. If you see the growth in revenue of 9%, 
which, I think, we are comfortable and confident that we have done the investment in the right 
direction, and we'll move further in the same momentum. 
Chirag: 
Will it be possible for you to highlight what kind of services additional services that we are 
providing due to which both cost and revenue has taken a jump? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes. So as you know, we work on a business partner model where we have associates who work 
-- who partner with us in terms of pickup and delivery and lead generation and others. So the 
incentive plans for those business partners, we had done a rework in the month of Feb onwards,  
-- mid of Jan to Feb. 
 
There was some restriction on load pickups that we had relapsed so that any partner based on 
his capability or capacity, they can do further load addition to the volumes. So earlier, we had 
certain restrictions we also has to have the loan distribution across the business partners. So that 
is other initiatives. 
 
Incentives, if you see in terms of this business is very competitive, we need to keep the business 
partners engaged with the company. So that we did. And we were -- in this quarter, we were 
comfortable because we were getting -- we were in sight that we will end the year with a very 
positive note to see our PBT has shown a substantial improvement as compared to the last year. 
So that's the direction we follow. 
Chirag: 
I'm sure, PBT has taken a good jump. However, I feel that it is a one-off where income tax 
refunds I've taken due to which other income is high it has not to do with the operational part of 
the business. But I'll move forward. My next question is related to understanding, like I'm able 
to see we are doing a good expansion on our hubs. We got a chance to visit one of your hubs 
and understand how the big hub has been created. 
What the difference has been made. Just wanted to check how are we focusing on volume growth 
because after getting such benefits of creating better-doc for movement of products for better 
efficiency, everything leads down to how we can manage higher amount of volumes, right, 
which will lead to operational efficiency. So just wanted to hear your thoughts. How are we 
focusing on improvising better volume growth, gaining more wallet share from the current 
clients as well as making sure to land new clients? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. I think you answered the question yourself in the first half that -- and I'm very happy you 
went to the hub. And if I heard rightly, you kind of appreciate it also. So service quality is really 
the turning point of our industry -- and not ours, but everybody. If you are in the service industry, 
it's service quality. If you're in the manufacturing industry, it's the product. So a lot of focus, as 
I said earlier in my opening comments also. Service quality will be our differentiator. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
That service quality, coupled with the right price, will be the value driver. How we deploy that 
formula on various sectors that we are growing much more strongly will be the other 
triangulation point. So how we work with channel partners, as Deepak mentioned earlier in his 
comments on the remuneration on -- I mean, allowing them or enabling them to pick up more 
tonnage from the market, etcetera. 
 
So we are working at triangulating all these areas, which will work towards 2 things: volume. 
But that volume will not be adding to revenue. That volume will add directly to the bottom line 
in a much better manner because we are going after quality revenue. We are improving our 
yields. We are looking at what value-added surcharges we can deploy on the customer for the 
value-added services that we give him. 
 
We have started a build-it-all program where each customer is dissected for the services he takes 
from us and whether we are walking away by leaving any money at the table in the hunger for 
volume and business. So I think the whole lens of the business we are changing from revenue to 
revenue quality, and you will see that impact in the coming quarters. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough, sir. My next question is related to any updates on the restructuring that is taking 
place? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes, Chirag, I covered that briefly. So we had -- the shareholders meeting was on 18 Feb. And 
post that shareholders' approval, we had done the filing of petition at NCLT, and we were 
expecting a hearing before the vacation, but we could get the hearing schedule on 2nd July. So 
post any outcome post July we will communicate to you. I think that's the update we have on 
NCLT per se. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough. Sir, one question I wanted to understand a little of the -- I'm trying to understand 
the industry itself. Government is focusing on reducing the transportation cost as a percentage 
of GDP, right? And I have seen multiple industry where cluster creation takes place. For 
example, if we are a supplier of auto ancillary parts from one part of India to another, government 
focuses on creating cluster itself. 
 
Like the final car manufacturers at one place and nearby the cluster creates where all the auto 
ancillary companies are available. So that freight cost reduces. Just wanted to have some 
understanding from you. Is that something that is happening on ground from multiple industries 
which can be an impactful thing for transportation industry? Or am I reading it incorrect? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
No, I think you're reading it correctly, and I'm sure there is no doubt because you must have 
been studying the macroeconomic policy and its influence on various industries, including ours, 
which is logistics. 
 
So the focus of government in terms of reducing the cost of logistics very rightly pointed out by 
you. But the cost of logistics is broken up between direct cost and indirect cost. So the real focus 
of reducing our logistics cost will be on the indirect piece. But there's a lot of wastage in terms 
of goods, in terms of the warehousing, the damages that happen when goods go on, inadequate 
infrastructure, etcetera, etcetera. So the major reduction that the nation will manage or will focus 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 10 of 16 
 
on is to reduce the indirect cost of logistics. And this 14% cost of logistics to GDP is kind of 
equally broken up between 7% direct and 7% indirect. So that will be the focus. 
 
Coming to the second point in terms of clusters, etcetera. This is not a new model. It is the old 
model. If you see across states, there have been the industrial development parks, like the MIDC 
because we added Maharashtra MIDC or the GIDC or the Tamil Nadu industrial development 
parks, etcetera. So that is pretty old model and evolved, and it's not just in India, it's a global 
model. Everybody who sets up a large industry will want to have its ancillary suppliers very 
close to, etcetera. 
 
But apart from that, we have seen as nations and economies evolve, that model is not the sole 
model of how industries operate. It is part of a larger playbook. And we are very cognizant and 
we are the best place to take advantage of that because we have services which we classify 
internally as 21, 22, 23, 24. 21 is an intrastate service, whereas 24 is a national interstate service. 
And within that, we have the zonal service, cluster service, etcetera, etcetera. So I think very 
good observations that you made. 
Chirag: 
It is a bit clear to me as of now. So last question from my side. On of the box, thought process, 
is there any thought after the restructuring where the contract logistics business and the express 
logistics business clubs? Allcargo is willing to sell the stake of the entire India-based business. 
Is there any thoughts? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
I did not understand your question. 
Chirag: 
So once the contract logistics business from Allcargo -- from the logistics parent company gets 
transferred to the Allcargo Logistics business where both Express Logistics and Contracts 
logistic is there going forward? Is there any thought from -- on a parent level, the promoters are 
willing to sell the stake to someone else, some private equity companies to run the business 
going forward? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
I'm not a promoter, sorry. So how do we answer this? 
Sanjay Punjabi: 
Yes. Chirag, Sanjay here, I'll take that up. As of now, there's nothing that we can comment on 
or have knowledge about. It is status quo for us. We intend to run the business as is both Express 
and ASCPL after the merger is done, and that's the status that we can talk about right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shikha Mehta from Time and Tide Advisors. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Sir, I wanted to understand, we've been talking about increasing our share from retail and MSME 
for a while now but that somehow is not translating into numbers. So do we have a strategy? Are 
we seeing any change? Do we think it's the price increase? Can you help me understand that? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. Shikha, right, if I heard correctly? 
Shikha Mehta: 
Yes, yes. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. So Shikha, that is still a focus area on our radar, etcetera, etcetera. If you saw -- if you see 
and if you're referring to Slide 14, my retail business has grown by a percentage point over FY 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 11 of 16 
 
'24 same quarter last year. But the MSME business took a bit of a beating. But we've kind of 
compensated that by growing our KEA accounts much stronger. 
 
It is very difficult to sell to a KEA account because everybody vies for their business. Their 
standards are very high, etcetera, etcetera. So I'm very happy where that position we have been 
able to take. But MSME, I think that was a structural flaw in our internal go-to-market strategy 
on MSME, which we have kind of reversed and corrected. 
 
So you will definitely see much better and improving numbers quarter-on-quarter now from the 
MSME segment -- and let me requalify, you will see an improvement in our yields. So that kind 
of also didn't dent our yields too much. Retail and MSME are high-yield businesses compared 
to KEA. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Correct. And sir, another thing I just wanted to understand how the industry has accepted our 
tariff hikes as well. We have, of course, seen slower volume growth. And our EBITDA margins, 
gross margins growth have taken a hit because I'm assuming our volume is slightly lower. Do 
we have not specific guidance, somewhere we want to be? 
 
How are we looking at this? And if you have any margin at EBITDA level where we'd like to 
be because I think we were doing well for the last few quarters and then again this quarter has 
seen a hit if we remove the other income. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. I'll pass this to Deepak, Shikha, please, to answer. 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes, Shikha. I partly answered earlier. So EBITDA margin target, I think we -- when we were 
discussing in the last quarter, we were comfortable that we took a decision. That's why it is, on 
a quarter-wise, which is it. But on a yearly scenario, we are better on the EBITDA margin. And 
our focus to go to a level of 6.5% to 7% for the next financial is maintained. We are keen to do 
that, and which will be -- I think the growth in volume and revenue numbers which we discussed 
earlier also we still maintained. 
 
So yes, that target, which we have and I told you the initiatives which we get in this quarter are 
primarily with the intention to improve the service level offering, which is an elaborated that our 
business -- our business is more of a service quality driven business. Once I think that has helped 
in current year also, we had seen in pockets, whether in terms of reduction, there is a reduction. 
Overall collection improvement is there. So I think we are on the right path as of now. 
Shikha Mehta: 
And so we can expect all of this coming in the next financial year, right? We can expect -- at 
least that is our goal that this quarter, we've taken a hit to restructure our operations a bit so that 
next year and the year after that, we can see better growth? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes, yes. So we were mindful of this other income, which is coming to our profitability level. 
So that's made us -- allowed us to take the decision to be flexible on cost and see the impact of 
that on service quality, which we were planning to do previous quarter also. But I think we were 
quite flexible in this quarter to do that. And we took that risk. And we are confident that, that 
will be all. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Shikha Mehta: 
And sir, just to understand, in FY '26, post the rate hikes, are we seeing inquiries and traction? 
Or is it still little difficult post the hikes? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Are you saying of the GPI increase post the tariff? 
Shikha Mehta: 
Yes, yes, sir. 
Deepak Pareek: 
Shikha, the tariff hike was always on the cards. We were slightly -- we were delayed in terms of 
getting that from the market. Now with the service quality improvement and the tariff card, if 
you see, we are well priced across all the segments, whether it is air, surface and also the lanes 
and routes, which we have dominance. 
 
So we -- acceptance on the lane specifics, there are certain queries or some reservation. But 
overall, there is an acceptance of the tariff card from all the customers. There is -- the process of 
sign off goes on throughout the year. We have seen one effect in this quarter. And as we go in 
this quarter, next quarter, there will be follow-on effects, which will be visible. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capital. 
Chirag: 
Just wanted to check, is our targets related to gross margin still intact around 30 percentage going 
forward? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Chirag, 30% is quite steep. Knowing the challenges and the business environment, what you 
know, just yourself articulated what the industry growth and other challenges. On a gross margin, 
our realistic estimates is to move from 25.5 onwards to move to a level of 27 in this year. That 
would be the realistic assessment from our point. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough. And I just wanted to know, is it possible for you to bifurcate our direct overhead  
into fixed and variable as a percentage? 
Deepak Pareek: 
So direct or is straightaway linked to the volumes actually. So that's why they have kept it above 
the gross margin. There is no fixed components, fixed components goes out as other expenses. 
So if you see the cost which is there on employee and repairs and maintenance, rent and others 
are below the gross margin. So direct cost is purely the line haul, the pickup feeder, feeder costs 
and all those costs which are directly attributed to volume we get. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough. Fair enough. So sir, just wanted to understand where we are focusing on 100 bps 
to 150 bps improvement in gross margins. Will it be led by mix change and slight by the higher 
charges which we are trying to apply on time. Are these the 2 levers behind it? Or will it be 
something else, too? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes. Chirag, as Ketan elaborated that on the sales mix, there will be -- there is a lot of strategy 
in terms of build it all campaign or value-added services realizations. So focus is there on all 
counts. Product mix and about mix enhancement and also the previous sector business 
diversification, let's say, focusing on clusters. 
 
So all those are in place as we go. So I think it will not come from one bucket. It has to be 
followed to multiple approaches. We have been having regular sales lids, which gives us very 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 13 of 16 
 
insights on the ground, what's happening, so which we keep on pivoting our strategy as we move 
on. So yes, there is no one fixed answer, but it keeps on changing every day. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough. Fair enough. And sir, any -- as you have initially commented if I am not wrong, 
the fuel station business 1 out of 3, 1 is sold and 2 are expected to get sell by -- in FY '25 itself, 
is that correct? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes. So if you see in our financials, we have shown them as a discontinued operation. So one of 
the fuel station was already closed. The agreement was concluded in this quarter, Jan to March 
quarter. For other two, the term sheets are executed, and we are in the process of due diligence 
and other operations with the fuel suppliers and all. So I think once that is closed, it's slightly a 
cumbersome process actually, which we are enabling. And by this quarter or next quarter, it 
should be closed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Singh, an individual investor. 
Jay Singh: 
Okay. Let me first state that a couple of things that have changed since the new management has 
taken over. There are -- there is more visibility of the brand as such. So I must congratulate you 
on that part, especially when you came up with the idea of the fact that you've held the Tirupur 
cluster through and through these many years. 
 
But let me be blunt on the other side that the past management, since many years, has given us 
a lot of platitudes. And one such platitude always -- that has always been on the desk is that the 
high tide will make the business rise, and high tide like the economic growth and things. Of 
course, if the U.S. FTA comes about, you will be in a good spot. But having said that, what the 
investors and let me state that we are now very, very edgy and very, very -- having waited all 
this while, we need to understand a few things very, very clearly from the management. 
 
One is what are the key advantages vis-a-vis the competition that you have built in your system? 
It seems to be a classic case of structure being built and the strategy not being in place. So that 
is something which we need to understand. 
 
Secondly, drawing from your international linkages and the success of your international 
business, would you offer door-to-door service, okay, integrating both the companies, the 
systems that are -- the operations that are in place for exporting firms to transport your stuff from 
the gates of a factory to the doors -- to the warehouses of the customers. So would you be able 
to offer that kind of an advantage? 
 
And thirdly, have you ever thought of dominating certain industries and creating carving out 
business with key marquee customers. This is something which I need to ask of the present 
Managing Director. And very, very briefly to also touch upon the fact as to whether you would 
want to replace the few key personnel that you have lost in the last few months? Thank you so 
much 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. Thank you so much. A very long question. But I think I'll take it in parts, and thanks for 
your acknowledgment that the brand is very, very visible. You see much more of that being top 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 14 of 16 
 
of mind for any brand is very, very important for all stakeholders, for our customers, for our 
employees, for stakeholders, like you, etcetera, etcetera. 
 
You also kind of mentioned that the structure is in place, but the strategy was not in place. And 
strategy, essentially, is for me, more importantly. What no do you say to customers as it's very 
easy to sit in front of a customer and say, yes. So that yes, was being said more often than it was 
necessary. So we had a little a bit of unstructured selling in terms of our contracts, in terms of 
compromising our service quality by making it nonstandard because ours is a standardized 
business. 
 
The more we follow SOP, the more profitable we will become. To follow that SOP, we have 
kind of now, in my earlier half of the conversation, also spoke about how we are building tech 
to enable much more stronger processes, which will enable much better service quality. By 
service quality, I don't just mean operations. Service quality also means a recovery with the 
customer whenever a bad incident happens and that happens in our industry where we kind of 
operate, various value-added surcharges that we give our customer. 
 
We are very, very focused on automotive. We are very focused on the diversified industries, in 
fact, one of -- the largest conglomerate, which is diversified in the country is 1 of our top 10 
customers. So we are very focused on customers who are in diversified businesses that kind of 
enables us to build capabilities on e-commerce, enables us to build the capabilities on 
automotive, pharma, etcetera. So that's -- those are the factors that we are kind of focused on. 
 
And lastly, you spoke about the group capabilities and the international opportunity. So the 
group has 4 listed units on the stock exchange, and each has their core area of focus. But within 
that, we also have a cross-BU go-to-market program where our commercial heads regularly 
interact with each other, look at the large 500 customers or industries that are in the country and 
how we kind of approach them. 
 
And there are various companies where 1, 2 or even 3 business units of the group work with 
such companies. So that has always been a dominating thought process in the group and within 
the BUs. So that's the third part of your question. And the fourth was the key personnel. All the 
key personnel that exited have been replaced with talent that was internal. So we have promoted 
a lot of people internally. And the structure in terms of manpower, structure in terms of process, 
is all kind of in place. 
 
Slide 19 of the investor presentation, you will see the current management team that manages 
the Express business. So the National Head of Sales and marketing is the new incumbent. And 
so is the National Head of Operations. Apart from that, the team is very stable at human resource, 
CIO, CFO and MD CEO of course, notwithstanding the fact that the MD CEO and Deepak CFO 
are new to the business in the company, not new to the business, new to the company. 
Jay Singh: 
Yes. So... 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Your voice has become very weak. Can you come back, please a little stronger? 
Jay Singh: 
Yes. Can you hear me? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. Perfect, perfect, perfect. 
Jay Singh: 
So the first question, you possibly answered it as being the service component being the 
advantage over the competition. That is what you're trying to build? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. And by service, I meant, not just operating service, but service in terms of customer service 
how a complaint is resolved, service in terms of financial accounting, how the revenues are 
accounted, how the collection happens, what service we give customers. So it's a whole rounded 
experience apart from we pick up my shipment and deliver the shipment, which, of course, 
remains 80% of his core necessity. 
Jay Singh: 
Okay. Do you still have legacy issues on that count because you mentioned accounting. And 
those largely would have been legacy issues? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. And largely, they have all been sorted out. 
Jay Singh: 
Okay. So that's the first question answer. The second key question that I asked was whether you 
are able to offer door-to-door service to exporters because if at all, the FTA with the U.K. has 
come about -- if the FTA with U.S. comes about and you want the high tide to lift the revenues 
here and the profitability of the company, then you need to be with the exporters. So just as the 
Tirupur cluster, and you have a certain advantage as with Tirupur. The international operations, 
if they are juxtaposed with the domestic operations in some seamless manner, that would be a 
clear advantage over the competition. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
No, no, I'm perfectly aligned. And so is the group. And I think I had touched that point that there 
is a cross-view sales program that looks at the entire journey of a shipment from international 
borders to Indian bothers and within -- because we have the wherewithal with our businesses to 
bring transborder shipments into the country or take transborder shipments out of the country 
before going out of the country or after they enter the country, we have a capability of terminal 
handling for them. 
 
We have the capability of warehousing for them. And then we have the capability of door-to-
door delivery for them within the nation with Express. About 50-plus countries, I believe the 
group has already started door-to-door capability internationally in countries like the U.K., the 
U.S., etcetera, etcetera. So I hope I kind of answered that part of your question also. 
Jay Singh: 
That is very clear. And the last thing that I want to ask is what is the debt that is going to come 
on to the balance sheet post the merger? But before you answer that, let me state this. The idea 
of dominating industries was from a marketing point of view, not necessarily from the revenue-
garnering point of view, is what -- once you dominate an industry, and you prosper it as a 
marketing tool, then the fallout of that usually is in some multiples. I'll leave that to you for -- to 
mull over. But the last question really is how much debt would come over onto the balance sheet 
post the merger? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. Deepak, over to you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes, yes. So if you see the scheme document, which is approved by shareholders from 1st 
October, 1st October '23, which is already avoided in terms of the debt and the components of 
debt, which will come to the company. There would be certain repayments and natural 
repayments would have happened. 
 
So from our estimate, it would be in the range of INR80 crores to INR90 crores post the 
repayments of the existing debt, which has happened so far. Of course, the numbers could change 
based on the final scheme order and -- which we'll definitely share with you Jay… 
Jay Singh: 
This is a net figure that you're talking about? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes, yes. Yes. 
Jay Singh: 
Okay. Okay. And you see it upwards of, say, INR100 crores. Let's put it that way? 
Deepak Pareek: 
We'll share the information with you once the court order is given and how the numbers will 
look like. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's conference call. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Thank you, everybody, for coming on the call. It was a very interesting call with some very 
insightful questioning. I do hope we could answer all the questions to your satisfaction. But for 
any more information, do definitely reach back. My colleague and Head of Investor Relations, 
Sanjay Punjabi, will be happy to take those ahead. And thank you, everybody, once again. A 
pleasure to be on the call as always. 
Deepak Pareek: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Allcargo Gati Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
