 
 
 29 April 2025 
 
The Manager, Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The Manager, Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. c/1, 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) call 
 
Further to our intimation dated 3 April 2025, please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) 
call which is hosted on the website of the Company at https://www.mphasis.com/content/dam/mphasis-
com/global/en/investors/financial-results/2025/transcript-of-earnings-call-q4-2025.pdf  
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record as required under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Thanking you, 
                             
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Mphasis Limited  
                                 
 
Mayank Verma 
Senior Vice President and Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3A6E57D5-395C-457F-95E5-74E9C9A4EC39
MAYANK 
VERMA
Digitally signed by 
MAYANK VERMA

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
“Mphasis Limited 
Q4 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITIN RAKESH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
MR. ARAVIND VISWANATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
MR. VINAY KALINGARA – HEAD INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thanks for joining the Mphasis Q4 FY 2025 Earnings 
Conference Call. I'm Neerav, your moderator for the day. We have with us today Mr. Nitin 
Rakesh, Chief Executive Officer, Mphasis; Mr. Aravind Viswanathan, Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Vinay Kalingara, Head of Investor Relations. 
 
As a reminder, there is a webcast link in the call invite mail that the Mphasis management team 
will be referring to today. The same presentation is also available on the Mphasis website, 
www.mphasis.com, in the Investors section under Financial and Filing, as well as both the BSE 
and NSE websites. Request you to have the presentation handy. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today's discussion 
may be forward looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement 
in this regard is available on the Q4 results release that was sent out to all of you earlier. 
 
I now hand the floor over to Mr. Nitin to begin the proceedings of this call. Thank you, and over 
to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good morning, everyone. I'm glad to have you all on the call again.  
We are truly in interesting times. And as always, we continue to focus on the micro in an 
uncertain macro. As we close out FY25, let me recap a few areas that we've been calling out 
over the course of the year. 
 
We called out that our growth would be led by BFS and TMT verticals, that we would be laser-
focused on growing the pipeline and TCV, and with AI-led deals playing a bigger role, that we 
would continue to originate and close large deals led by our Savings-Led TransformationTM  
thesis to capture modernization and consolidation opportunities, we would continue to invest in 
our AI platforms and solutions, and all the while staying within our target margin band.  
I'm pleased to report that we have executed on this strategy and have delivered on all these 
parameters in FY25. We'll double click on these in the subsequent sections of this discussion. 
 
In the Q3FY25  call in January, we indicated a few paradigm shifts on how AI was driving and 
redefining both opportunities as well as the nature of how services are being delivered, namely 
by, Supersizing deals with Savings-Led TransformationTM driving wins, Unlocking opportunities 
through reimagining legacy modernization, Expanding the target addressable market and driving 
pipeline growth, Infusing our platforms NeoZetaTM and NeoCruxTM creating tremendous 
efficiency, cost savings and minimizing project risk outcomes. 
 
While our stakeholders continue to assess the potential impact of the recent macro uncertainties, 
there are certain tech imperatives that they're concentrating on Self-funding investments in their 
transformation, Modernizing, consolidating and simplifying their tech stack, Investing in AI to 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
enhance client experience while maintaining a low cost to serve, Integrating AI directly into 
business operations to improve client experience, and Continuing their investments in AI 
regardless of the macro environment. 
 
This is evident in our performance in Q4FY25 as we step into a new year, with AI-led 
transformation deals driving record growth in pipeline, especially large deals, Strong TCV wins 
across core modernization, AIOps, SDLC transformation, experience transformation, data 
strategy, and IT Value Stream transformation offerings gaining traction across the portfolio. 
 
Our commitment to innovation as well as our long-term focus on investments in AI are paying 
off and driving success for the company and for our customers. We are uniquely positioned to 
lead in this era, because of our differentiated full stack approach to AI innovation, and we are 
now seeing this operate at scale. 
 
We have a very structured, well-defined, four phase approach as per our AI strategy. (1) Building 
a strong data foundation, (2) Build enterprise-grade identity and access management for data 
security and privacy, (3) Build AI technology foundation and finally, (4) Develop an AI strategic 
roadmap based on the following design principles - LLM agnostic architecture, secure data 
orchestration and use of prebuild connectors. 
 
Earlier this week, we were listed as the leader in the DABStep challenge, further validating our 
ability to design AI agents that perform complex data analysis using multi-step reasoning on 
real-world data. 
 
I am also incredibly proud of the work we have done and the impact we are making. You may 
have read the news that Mphasis has been granted a U.S. patent for our innovative solution called 
‘System and method for optimized processing of information on quantum systems’. The newly 
issued patent outlines a pipeline to improve the scalability and performance of quantum machine 
learning (QML) on near-term quantum computing systems including quantum simulators.  This 
technology and the associated patent stand as a testament to our commitment to innovation and 
the advancement of next-generation technologies. 
AI is becoming table stakes for us, whether it's in the context of new deals that are AI-led or AI-
infused, existing clients or to increase their own employee productivity. This is both vertical 
centric, like for instance, insurance broker or for compliance management solutions. In terms of 
tech platforms that run horizontally, the Mphasis NeoZetaTM platform is an intelligent GenAI-
enabled platform that enhances the process of relearn, and through this platform, we can help 
enterprises extract context-specific information from code and documents regardless of their 
format or layout and integrate it with downstream actions for IT Value Stream modernization 
systems to generate actionable insights. 
 
Our AI-led deal pipeline is significantly up from 25% in Q4FY24 to 55% in Q3FY25 to 65% 
now in Q4FY25. AI levers continue to help create proactive deals, maintain competitiveness, 
especially on Run-the-Business spend and underscore our differentiation through the use of our 
platform-led approach. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
 
Our overall pipeline grew 86% YoY and 26% sequentially at the end of fourth quarter. BFS 
pipeline is up 70% YoY and non-BFS pipeline is up 99% YoY. Our large deals pipeline is up 
40% sequentially and 154% YoY, aligned to the efforts we've been making in that segment. 
Notably, planned priorities to repurpose and modernize the existing tech estate are reflected in 
the biggest growth vector in our pipeline, the IT Value Stream propositions. These include our 
Value stream acceleration, Agile IT Ops and Modernization tribe-led solutions. 
 
We continue to see a higher share of proactive deal wins as we stay focused on deal making. As 
our AI themes are reflecting in our deal wins, we're happy to report that 59% of the TCV in Q4 
is AI-led. New TCV wins for the quarter were $390 million, the highest in the past 7 quarters. 
We won two large deals in Q4 taking the total tally to 13 deals in the full year and we have 
cumulatively won 75 large deals since FY18 from the time we started reporting it. We had broad-
based TCV wins across verticals, our client pyramid and archetypes. 
 
TCV to revenue conversion pace remains steady. We continue to make investments in the right 
areas where we expect demand. To give you a sense of kind of deals we won, a large North 
America-based bank has chosen Mphasis for its data center modernization. Mphasis is helping 
them simplify their operations by consolidation, rationalization and modernization of platforms 
to reduce operational risk, increase resiliency and accelerate growth and profitability. 
 
Mphasis is partnering with a North American Logistics and Transportation major in its 
transformation journey into a data-driven enterprise. We will be involved in multiple initiatives 
aimed at enhancing the data strategy, governance, analytics and operational effectiveness.  
Mphasis also won a deal with a large Healthcare services enterprise that will utilize the 
capabilities of the Mphasis Javelina® platform, and the integrated Health Experience Framework 
to transform the user experience and back-end processing of enrolment in their products. We 
will deliver an evidence-based solution for evaluating customer acquisition, streamlining back-
end processing and lowering the demand for contact center interaction.  
In another example, a North American banking client has chosen Mphasis as a strategic partner 
for the modernization of its wealth services platform. The services will enhance growth, 
modernization and regulatory remediation priorities. 
 
Coming to performance by segment. We continue to push for revenue growth, which is anchored 
in our strong client mining model and tech-led offerings. Our Q4FY25 revenue came in at $430 
million, a growth of 2.9% sequentially and 5.4% YoY in constant currency terms. This is our 
highest sequential growth in the past 3 years despite the impact of a decrease in revenue from 
our non-strategic ATM business which is reflected in the 'Others’ secondary market segment in 
our MD&A. 
 
Our Direct business accounts for 97% of our overall revenue in the quarter. We expect the pace 
of revenue and deal conversion to remain strong, propelled by our Savings-led TransformationTM 
theme. Our Direct revenue for the quarter increased by 3.8% sequentially and 6.8% YoY in Q4 
in constant currency terms. Growth momentum in Direct continues to be strong and in our anchor 
geography, the US, we grew 3.7% sequentially and 7.1% YoY in the Direct business. EMEA 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
region grew at 0.9% sequentially and the rest of the world grew at 8.7% sequentially and 24.4% 
YoY in constant currency terms in Direct business. 
 
Our core service line, Enterprise Apps, constitutes about 72% of revenue, and the revenue 
contribution continues to inch upwards. We grew 3.3% sequentially in constant currency terms 
in the Direct apps business. BPO service line declined by 3.8% sequentially and the ITO service 
line grew approximately 21%, both sequentially and YoY, driven by transformation programs 
around IT Value Stream modernization that we won in recent quarters. Our mortgage business 
remained stable. 
 
Moving to our vertical performance. Both the BFS and TMT verticals continue the growth 
momentum. At an overall company level, BFS was up 5.6% sequentially and 11.8% YoY in Q4 
FY25 in constant currency terms. Specifically in the direct business, BFS was up 7.2% 
sequentially. BFS growth has largely been driven by wallet share gains in existing accounts and 
continued strong execution in new account wins, including large deals. The Direct TMT vertical 
grew 9.6% sequentially and 22.1% year-over-year, driven by continued deal wins and 
conversion from recent large deal wins to revenue. 
 
Insurance is also a growth engine now with an increase of 0.3% sequentially but approximately 
9% increase in the Direct business YoY. The vertical is poised for strong growth in FY26 as 
well, on the back of strong TCV and pipeline as well as recently won deals. 
 
Logistics and Transportation and Others verticals declined sequentially by 7.7% and 3.4%, 
respectively. These verticals have an outsized impact by the macro environment. Nonetheless 
we see significant opportunities in the pipeline for both Logistics and Transportation and 
Healthcare. 
 
Our client pyramid continues to improve across the board. YoY, we added 1 client in the $75 
million+ category, 1 client in the $20 million+ category and 3 clients in the $5 million+ 
categories, respectively. A couple of new accounts we signed recently have already grown to 
over $60 million on a quarterly annualized basis. 
 
You will note that we have seen robust growth across all customer bands. Top 10 accounts grew 
5.8% sequentially, 11 to 30 grew 5.7% sequentially. On an LTM basis, Top 10 accounts grew 
4.1% YoY, and the next 20 accounts grew 5.1% YoY. 
 
Looking at quarterly financial metrics, we delivered to our philosophy of maintaining margin in 
the stated band while making investments for growth. EBIT margin remained stable at 15.3%, 
despite the macro uncertainties. We reported that operating profit for the quarter grew 3.9% 
sequentially and 11.7% YoY. 
 
EPS for the quarter was INR 23.5, the highest ever EPS in a single quarter and 4.1% sequential 
and a 12.9% YoY growth. Operating cash flow generation continues to be strong at USD 52 
million for the quarter; 100% of the net income. DSO of 75 days increased 3 days over the last 
quarter. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
 
In summary, what we have witnessed is the highest quarterly growth in 12 quarters, with growth 
led by BFS and TMT; Our highest ever quarterly and full year EPS, Pipeline growth at record 
levels with 26% sequential and 86% YoY growth, $390 million in TCV wins in Q4; the highest 
TCV wins in the past 7 quarters, and our execution rigor has continued to deliver stable margins. 
To this effect, the board of directors has also recommended a dividend of INR 57 per share for 
the full year FY25. 
 
Coming to our outlook, we'll continue to focus on executing on the micro despite the uncertain 
macro. As we focus on investing in growth initiatives, we continue to strengthen and expand our 
AI-led offerings and propositions. We are sustaining our efforts on conversion of pipeline to 
TCV and TCV to revenue as evidenced in Q4 as well. 
 
For the full year FY26, we do expect to be above industry growth on our revenue front, gaining 
from strong TCV wins and a steady conversion of TCV to revenue across the portfolio. Our 
target EBIT operating margin would be within the band of 14.75% to 15.75%. 
 
With this, I would like to open it up for questions, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra AMC. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Congrats on great performance. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, towards the end of the quarter, 
in March and April month. Have you seen any major drop off in the client conversation rate or 
deal bookings, pipeline conversion or clients trying to push out ramp-ups, so on and so forth, 
reacting to the tariff volatility? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Sudheer, I think the answer is a little bit nuanced because if I look at the impact of tariffs or 
other uncertainties that came into fore in the last 30 days, there are certain industries that are in 
the direct line of fire, so they have the direct impact. For example, all global trade, logistics, 
supply chain, manufacturing, automotive, energy, railroads, fairly direct impact because there's 
a pretty significant impact of what happens across global trade flows, the flip-flop on tariffs 
hasn't helped them either because they've suddenly gotten frozen in some of their decision-
making, not just on our businesses, but in their own business, right? 
 
How do you make capex decisions, how do you make supply chain decisions, not knowing 
what's going to happen either on April 2nd or 90-day pause after that. So that's the first segment 
of customers where the impact of indecision is a little bit higher. 
 
Then there is a segment of customers like banks, insurance companies, healthcare companies, 
where the impact is not direct impact because they're not in the direct line of fire of tariffs. The 
impact is a second order of impact because there the questions are more around economic 
outlook, interest rate outlook, health of the consumer, provisioning for customer credit losses 
and so on. What happens to deal making to Wall Street firms. On one hand, they're making 
higher trading revenues. On the other hand, deals have dried up, IPOs have dried up again. I 
think in those segments, the impact hasn't quite shown up yet.  

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
In the first category, the impact obviously is visible. And we've seen a significant, I would say, 
nervousness, not to a point where deals are getting cancelled but definitely decisions are getting 
pushed out because a 90-day pause really doesn't mean much until we know what happens after 
90 days. I would kind of break it down into a nuanced, customer by customer, segment by 
segment impact. And uncertainty definitely creates indecision, but it varies by which industry, 
and which segments you play in. 
 
Given that 60% of our business is BFSI and another 7%-8% comes from Healthcare and Others 
and if you include some of the other businesses that are not in the direct line of fire we are 
actually not in a bad place, on balance, relatively speaking. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Got it. And the decline in Logistics this time, is it more broad based or led by 1 or 2 accounts? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes, I think it's a little bit broader than just 1 account. So, linked in part to what I just answered. 
And I think clients, obviously, will have to go through their own journey of where they are in 
that global macro environment as well as in their own journey of where they are with what 
they're trying to accomplish with their own transformation agenda. 
 
So, impacts are not just single customer based. But the good news is, if you look at the pipeline 
that we shared on the overall split of deals by vertical, you'll see a pretty healthy pipeline 
showing up in Logistics and Travel. And that's the one that we will absolutely focus on when it 
comes to the non-BFS jump of 99%, significant portion of that comes from that segment as well. 
So again, we are very focused on making sure that we get through this phase, and we bring that 
vertical back to growth through the year. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Got it, Nitin. And just one last question. There is no further update on any large accounts within 
this segment, right? I'm assuming. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Nothing more to call out, to be honest, at this point. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Congrats on the solid performance of both growth and the wins. Nitin, two questions from my 
side. I think our TMT vertical saw very good growth in this quarter. You alluded to a bit about 
it in your opening remarks. But what is exactly the driving force behind the revenue growth this 
year? And how do you see this getting impacted given the overall macro uncertainty that we are 
facing, especially with the tech companies also kind of under the hammer? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
So, I think we've talked about this in the last couple of quarters as well when you guys had some 
questions around some large deals that we signed using consolidation. This is an outcome of the 
deals actually ramping up for revenue. And then we are actually further expanding the wallet 
share using those deals that we signed. 
 
So, this is effectively consuming the TCV that we signed in the last 2 quarters and effectively 
growing a segment of the TMT customers into, as I mentioned in my remarks as well, the $60 
million annualized quarterly run rate. One of those customers happens to be in TMT. So, it's, 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
again, while the growth is not one-customer driven, but that definitely helps when you have a 
customer that grows exponentially in the last 3 or 4 quarters. 
 
We have obviously more opportunities in that segment. While there is some uncertainty that 
comes into the manufacturing part of the Hi-Tech segment, but I think our client base is broader 
than just being dependent on a manufacturing Hi-Tech business because of the combination of 
tech devices, med devices, ISVs and telecom in there. 
 
So, we feel very good about where we are. We think we will see further growth through the 
recent times as we get through Q1, Q2. And then, of course, as I mentioned, pipeline is pretty 
broad-based and that we should continue to convert those over the course of FY26 as well. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Which part of TMT are we growing, apart from the exceptional growth in the client? 
Which part of the TMT do you think we are more well placed, both from our own capability 
perspective and also from a macro point of view, which is where you'll see more opportunities 
in the coming quarters? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think enterprise tech, engineering services, R&D services, cybersecurity, the whole IT Value 
Stream modernization I talked about using SDLC transformation. So, it's a combination of 4 or 
5 things. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. That's very helpful. Secondly, on the deal win front, another very solid quarter of deal 
wins. I think it's the second highest deal wins that's been done. Have the conversations around 
the deal closures changed in the last 10, 15 days? Do you see the momentum of deal wins 
continuing in Q1? Or do you think the tariff uncertainty is basically leading to delayed deal 
closures and clients kind of holding back the decision making, from what we see? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Again, as I said, in some of our big verticals, the impact is more second order, hasn't quite 
trickled down into saying, okay, we don't want to make a decision because of what's going on 
with tariffs. Because they're not in the direct line of fire. But there are segments where we have 
seen some hesitation in committing to a program. not knowing what happens to US - Canada or 
what happens to global trade. So, I think the answer is a little bit mixed. But on balance, as I 
mentioned, given the spread of our business coming out of second order industries being a much 
bigger portion, the second order impact segments, I think we feel good about the fact that we 
should at to see this momentum carry through in Q1 and Q2 as well. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Just one last question, if I could squeeze in on the mortgage business. I think we are at 
that crossroad again where there are talks about interest rate cuts potentially trickling in. Do you 
see any uptick in the mortgage business leading to that? I know our refinancing business is 
probably going to take time. But in terms of at least the origination part, do you see some uptick 
happening maybe over the next couple of quarters? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Very hard to call. I think what I can tell you, what we are seeing definitely is a deep desire by 
customers to say, is there an opportunity to induce AI into my operation and reduce cost of loan 
servicing or loan origination. That's one play that's definitely giving us some expanded wallet 
share. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
 
I don't think volumes have gone up, and I don't know when they will go up because it's very hard 
for me to tell you whether the 10-year will be 4.3 or 3.8 in the next 30 days. And who knows if 
inflationary impact comes through, you might actually even see interest rates go up, right? It's 
very hard for me to call that. 
 
So, I think really a more a consolidation and an AI-infusion play right now that is driving the 
marginal growth or the stability in that segment. And we are pleased that segment actually grew 
quite well through FY25 despite having a very difficult FY24. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Nitin, a couple of questions. One is - even in the last quarter, you mentioned that there's an 
improvement in pipeline for Logistics, Transportation, etc. And are you seeing that the 
conversion for those will be a little delayed considering the uncertainties and conversion could 
take time. Or do you think that these are specific areas which actually help them in the current 
context and thereby you could see closures? So that's one. 
 
The second is, directionally, considering that we are not in the direct line of fire, is it fair to sort 
of assume that from a revenue trajectory perspective, at least in the near term, it's unlikely that 
we see any specific headwinds for a large part of our portfolio and thereby, from a momentum 
perspective, it could sort of continue considering the deal wins? Or is it that there is a risk to 
ramp ups being delayed a bit? 
 
And finally, just your thoughts on margin. So, you still do have a lower band margin at 14.75% 
despite an exit at 15.3%. So just sort of curious about what are you worried about from a margin 
perspective broadly? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
So, let me take the first one. We did announce a deal win in the current quarter in the Logistics, 
Travel, and Transportation segment. That definitely will help as we get through Q1 and Q2 as 
we convert that deal. So, it's not like decisions aren't getting done. That definitely is a stress 
segment because the level of impact on them is actually pretty high. 
 
Will that lead to further decisions being delayed? I think it's a combination. It's very much an 
account-specific conversation versus a sector-specific conversation when it comes to a deal 
because there may be a deal that actually lines up to the value prop where the uncertainty actually 
gives a trigger to the customer to make a decision or there may be a deal where they have do an 
outlay of spend that may get deferred because they want to see certainty of capital outlays. 
 
So, I think it depends on what type of deal it is, what the value prop is. We use this concept of a 
client value framework. It all depends on what's the value framework with which we are going 
with that deal. So, again, going back to the comment I made around focusing on the micro, I 
think we are taking a very nuanced deal level, client level, conversation level approach versus a 
macro segment, industry vertical or geography level approach. So, it's a bit of both. 
 
And I actually do feel good about the fact that there are a few deals in there that might actually 
give us a lift in Q1 itself, but we'll report on that as we come back to you in July. Finally, on the 
question around margins. I'll give you a very high-level answer, and I'll have Aravind elaborate. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
 
I think the reason to keep that flex with us, and just like we kept 14.75%, we also kept 15.75% 
out there for a simple reason that as we get into some of these large deals, let's say, we end up 
signing a mega deal, that requires us to actually make some investment in up-front ramp-ups, or 
technology, or orchestrating and working with the client for the first 30 to 60 days where we 
may need to make that investment, or if, anyway, we've actually made a pretty decent investment 
in building these AI platforms. That's just the reason we want to keep that flex with us. 
 
But Aravind, maybe you can give a little bit more color. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Yes. So, Nitin, we've kind of narrowed the range from before, right? It was 14.6% to 16%. We've 
reduced the range to 14.75% to 15.75%. I mean not much to elaborate beyond what Nitin has 
said. It just when you give a range, there is a reason that there are things that can happen in an 
uncertain environment, right? 
 
Obviously, we've not really demonstrated a margin drop or a lack of focus on execution on 
margins. But there are circumstances where we will make investments. And if those come to it, 
then we would still be within the range. So that's the purpose of the range. On a status quo basis, 
we don't expect to significantly deviate from where we are. But there are circumstances where 
either an investment or a deal may necessitate that, then we would still operate within this range. 
So that's how you should look at the range. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure, perfect. That's helpful. And I think the only thing you missed is, from a deal ramp 
perspective, are you quite comfortable? Or are you seeing customer behaviour in terms of 
delayed ramps or anything despite the strong wins? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
The spectrum is pretty wide. For example, we announced a deal in the last January call, that deal 
actually ramped up pretty nicely because there was a sense of urgency and a time window for 
the customer to execute the transformation thesis. There's another deal in the same industry 
where it's taken us many quarters to actually get to the run rate that we wanted to get to. 
 
So, it's, again, a little bit of a specific client-centric issue. But I think it's fair to assume, Nitin, 
that when there is this level of volatility in the environment, and when the stock prices are 
swinging between 3% and 5% at an index level, it's just very hard for many of our customers to 
stay focused on what may seem important to us, but may not be in their top 3 things to do given 
the environment, the volatility they're dealing with. So not that becomes an excuse for us or our 
field force, but that's the reality that we have to deal with as well. 
 
So I think it is a tough environment when it comes to getting clients to commit and put pen on 
paper, but I think the approach of being very focused on what value you're taking to the customer 
what problem are you solving, how you are aligning to the outcome of the business and how 
you're even sometimes able to repurpose what they may be doing today into a much more 
efficient and transformative approach, I think it's really what, in a way, stood out to us as a 
winning formula. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhishek Gupta from Axis Asset Management. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
Abhishek Gupta: 
Sir, just wanted to check on the levers of margin. As I see for the full year basis, the subcon 
seems to have increased overall… 
Moderator: 
Abhishek, sorry to interrupt. Your audio is not clear. Can you speak through the handset, please? 
Abhishek Gupta: 
So, the headcount for the last 4 years seems to have been decreasing. And that seems to be like 
switching to the subcon expenses as well as our utilization seems to at 86%. So, are we like kind 
of uncertain about the demand environment where we are like hiring, as per the deal basis? And 
will we continue to see in the FY26 also? Like will be not a margin lever going forward? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I don't think that's the way to think about the headcount metrics. I think sometimes what happens 
is, especially in the larger deals or transformation deals, you start with a certain headcount, or 
you take over a certain book of body and then you transform it. If you look at Q4, the offshore 
headcount actually went up.  And I think that's natural when you take on a large deal and you 
start transforming it, you will also try to offshore higher component of it. The reason you may 
see a subcon expense go up is because you don't want to hire the employee because you may 
only need them for 6 months or 9 months as you transition that work out. 
 
So, the way we are running supply chain is on a very dynamic basis given the level of uncertainty 
that exists in the business. We are not, we haven’t, and we don't intend to build a large bench. 
We will obviously onboard based on what we need on a rolling 90-day basis, and I think I 
explained that in a couple of calls ago. 
 
We are running a fairly dynamic process of what we call a rolling 90-day forecast based on deal 
wins, availability of people internally, as well as the ability to onboard people quickly. So again, 
a headcount or utilization is a good outcome of the way we run the supply chain and the 
operations. We don't target a certain utilization level or a certain hiring level. I think it's all linked 
to what sits in the pipeline and the linkage between pipeline and headcount supply chain. 
Abhishek Gupta: 
Got it. And sir, at the lower end of the margin, does it build any deterioration or some revenue 
decline for the next year too? Or is it just because of investments or the incremental headcount 
increase will be impacting that margin? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So let me take that. We've seen over the past couple of years, we have had a year where revenue 
has declined, and we have had a year where revenue has gone up, and our margin profiles hasn't 
changed too much, right? So, I think from an industry standpoint and from Mphasis standpoint, 
we've done a good job of managing our costs when we see a revenue headwind. 
 
So, I don't think a simplistic revenue drop would require us to operate at lower levels of margin. 
Nitin talked about it from a customer standpoint, saying whatever the macro, there are certain 
spends that customers will do and Mphasis or enterprises will also make certain investments, no 
matter what the macro environment is, right? 
 
So, to that extent, we do not compromise on critical investments which have longer value 
because there is a near-term shortfall on revenue. I think you have to look at it from that 
perspective, I don't think a simplistic assumption that revenue decline will necessitate margin 
drop, that would not be a fair assumption. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think the counterpoint to that also is that sometimes you may actually see an impact on the 
short-term margin because of revenue growth because that means you're investing in a deal, and 
I explained that a few minutes ago as well. So, I don't think that there's a direct correlation that 
we are keeping the lower end because we expect revenue to decline. I think the implicit message 
here is that we are keeping flexibility with us to continue to invest for growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Congrats on a good execution in a difficult macro. Just wanted to understand, Nitin, is there any 
large client-specific issue in any of the verticals when you are entering and FY 2026 outside of 
macro issues? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
So, Sandeep, firstly, thank you for the comments. I think, as I mentioned, right, depending on 
which segment of customer you look at, and even within the segment, it's not like every top 
client in banking is operating in the same trajectory for us. Similarly, not every client in every 
other vertical is going to operate at the same trajectory. There may be client-specific issues, there 
may be clients’ own journeys. So, I think the right thing to do is to focus on the portfolio, the 
growth guidance on the portfolio, the outlook on the business based on the early indicators like 
pipeline and pipeline to TCV.  
So, I think to me, the right conversation to have is, what's the plan for us to continue to convert 
at a clip that we've seen pick up in the recent couple of quarters. Can we increase the pace of 
conversion of pipeline to TCV and given the massive expansion we've seen in our large deal 
pipeline YoY, and again, it's very early days - we only set up that group 5 months ago. I think 
that's really what the focus of the business is. We will have to manage client-specific issues in 
every vertical, and that's no different from what we've been doing for years as well. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Perfect. And just we are also entering 1QFY26 with a very healthy order intake, which was 
similar when we entered 4QFY25. So, if I'm not wrong, you are trying to say the growth 
momentum of 4QFY25 can be sustained in 1Q and 2Q, is it the right way of looking at it? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
You are trying to draw us into giving a Q1 guidance, Sandeep, that's really not what we are 
looking to do, right? Nitin kind of explained how the market and the macro is playing out, and 
we are watching, staying close to customers and trying to execute on the deal closures. I believe 
we will grow in Q1 as we stand, and that's what I would like to talk about from a Q1 standpoint. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just on the GenAI and the agentic AI, as clients are scaling up the investments and 
we are also helping them to adopt the same, is there any increased instances where we have to 
pass on the productivity gains? Or are we in the phase where the demand is accretive rather than 
deflationary? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think it's a bit of both, to be honest, Sandeep, because there are certain segments of what the 
client does today, where they think that they can gain significant efficiency by introducing not 
just GenAI, but any other AI playbook as well. GenAI will be part of it, LLM can be used to 
train agents. I mean we talked about the Quantum machine learning model that we just 
announced and the rating we got. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
 
So there is one segment of the client business, especially on the run the business side, whether 
it is Ops, IT operations, customer service, business operations, claims, underwriting; all of those 
areas which require heavy human intervention can actually benefit from creating an AI or agent-
assist to work alongside the humans in taking away the manual tasks and increasing the 
efficiency. There is definitely an element of AI-infused efficiency that the client will expect to 
get from that operation. Good news is that they may be doing their operation themselves today. 
So that becomes a target addressable market for you to go in and implement the solution and 
sometimes take over the operation as well. 
 
Then there is a segment where they're actually building out the GenAI or the AI infrastructure. 
We actually call it the AI superhighway, and we've talked about it in the past. That's a net new 
opportunity because new spend is getting diverted there. The trick to playing in that spend is 
actually to have the right set of propositions. 
 
And the value framework there is more around helping the client, build the chassis for AI 
adoption, data governance, data pipelines, data privacy. So, there's a big data element, right? 
Then there's a big AI infrastructure element, a big FinOps element. And of course, the ability to 
orchestrate all of this in a manner that you can actually do ethical AI and governance of AI and 
traceability of AI because many industries are regulated in that manner, is a net new opportunity. 
 
Having said all of this, if you then look at the tech spends of most customers, we are not in an 
environment where the tech spend is going to go up by 8% or 9% or 10%. We are in an 
environment that the tech spend may only go by 2% or 3%, if at all including cost of inflation, 
whether it's people inflation or equipment inflation or the inflationary prices they get from 
software and hardware providers. So, in that environment, I think spends will get repurposed. 
 
So yes, clients will expect to see benefits of AI in their services and providers will have to find 
a way to make money, by making sure that there is enough and more left on the table for the 
client to get and for the service provider to be able to actually make money in that transaction. 
This is nothing different than what I called out earlier, which is Savings-led transformationTM. 
 
So, the ability to bend the cost and quality and time curve using AI has to justify that Savings-
led transformationTM. That's the way I would summarize the playbook of AI. And it's not 
unfathomable to see the industry slowly pivoting away from providing people-based services to 
actually providing us solution to a customer that drives a certain outcome and then getting 
rewarded for it. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the detailed answer. And the last question, if I can squeeze. On deal TCV and looking 
at your comments on the pipeline, is it fair to assume the earlier quarterly run rate of $350 million 
plus or minus, in terms of TCV can be maintained in FY26 unless the macro issues are really 
causing the concern? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think that is a reasonable assumption at this stage. Again, we don't know what happens over 
the next 90 days or 180 days. But at this stage, given the strength of the pipeline, large deals, 
that's a reasonable assumption. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets. 
Girish Pai: 
Nitin, do you think FY26 would be a better growth year compared to FY25? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
For Mphasis, given where we sit today, we definitely feel that we have the opportunity and the 
potential to better the growth over last year. The only caveat I'll make is if the environment gets 
worse, whether it's macro or geopolitics or something else, then, of course, we'll have to come 
and tell you again. But at this point in time, as we stand today, we do feel like we are in a place 
to beat our own performance from last year. 
Girish Pai: 
You also mentioned that you have a greater exposure to verticals which are probably susceptible 
to second order impact of the macro. So, would you say that the visibility on 2HFY26 is a little 
weaker as things stand today? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I'm not sure I can make that correlation between second order impact and second half of FY26 
at this point. I don't know maybe if I'm missing something, you want to elaborate? 
Girish Pai: 
No. The second order impact is going to come a little later and then the cost cutting or the 
postponement is going to happen a little later down the road. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. You're assuming that the second order impact means that the US goes into a big recession. 
I don't know if we know that yet. And that's why I said as things stand today. I think if that 
second order impact has to play out, then we have to see the macro deteriorate a lot more, which 
I don't know as we stand today. So very difficult to answer that question. Based on where things 
stand today, I think there's a bit of time and environment watching has to happen for us to get to 
that determination. Again, having said that, what we're really trying very hard to do is make sure 
that we go deal by deal, client by client, value framework by value framework and get those 
deals done. 
 
So as much as possible, we decouple from the impact of either first or second order macro. Not 
easy to achieve, but that's what we are trying to do because that's the only way we can run a 
business with a forward-leaning approach. And effectively, it keeps us honest. It's hard work, 
but that's exactly what we're trying to do right now. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. My last question is regarding consistency of performance because the last many quarters, 
we've seen a strong quarter and you have a succeeding quarter, which is weak. Do you think 
we've reached a stage where we can deliver consistently strong performance quarter-after-
quarter from here on because you said that we now have a large deal organization in place and 
stuff like that? So, do you think we are going to get into a certain level of consistency from here 
on from a growth perspective? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. I think I hear you. As I said, right, we've obviously taken many knocks on the chin based 
on what we've dealt with in the last 3 years, portfolio-wise, macro-wise, direct versus non-direct, 
all of that put together. So, our attempt is to get a lot more consistent. 
 
Again, what we are doing what we can control, which is, as I mentioned, deal focus, drive 
account action client by client. So that's definitely one of the reasons why we are focusing on 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
driving FY26 to be better than FY25. And if you do the math, you'll see that we'll probably need 
a lot more consistent sequential growth through the year for us to get there. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. 
Manik Taneja: 
Congratulations on a steady performance. My question is with regards to our segmental margins. 
So even while our logistics revenues have been declining for the last couple of quarters, we've 
seen a bump up in margins. If you could talk about what's driving that? 
 
And the second question was with regards to the strong growth that we've seen in top customers 
despite the decline in the single largest customer. If you can talk about how do you see growth 
outlook within some of your major customers that would have to be helpful. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Sure. So Manik, maybe I will talk about both of these, right? So, I think one of the earlier 
questions was exactly this, right? When revenue were to go down, will your margins range kind 
of give you a cushion on that. And my point was that we have an ability to offset revenue drops 
by taking out cost, and that's exactly what has happened here, right? So, there is a certain amount 
of variability on cost as well from a margin standpoint. And this vertical historically has operated 
at different levels of margins. So, we've kind of tightened the utilization and did a good job of 
allocating the bench and managing supply chain holistically to protect the margins . 
 
That is something that we will continue to be focused on, and we'll continue to do. So that is one 
element. On clients, again, it's a complicated correlation that you're doing to say the top account 
has degrown, etc., because it's an LTM-to-LTM comparison, the way we report it. So, in this 
quarter, all I can say is we have strong QoQ growth in top 10, and we had a strong QoQ growth 
in 11 to 30 also. So, it's been a holistic growth driven across. Obviously, some customers would 
not have grown, and some customers would have grown. But I think it's important to look at it 
at a basket, right? So, we can't really micromanage metrics like that. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. And if I can chip in with one more question. If I look at your longer-term performance on 
margins and Nitin has been at the helm for almost now 7 or 8 years, in the initial years when the 
transformation at Mphasis was playing out, we did see an improvement in profitability as the 
growth began to improve. And in the more recent past, through periods of high demand or stress 
that we've gone through in the last couple of years, our margins have been maintained. So would 
it be fair to assume that for us, margins will not benefit from any operating leverage even if 
growth improves. Is that the way to think about it? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Not really, right? There is a range where we have given, and we think that we have an ability to 
improve. I think there are a lot of puts and takes, right? There are too much of variability from 
a demand environment standpoint. 
I would rather reframe this question like this. I think our priority right now is to convert on our 
pipeline that we built, right, and convert the wins to revenue. And that's the biggest focus right 
now. We continue to stay focused and disciplined on margin. But if you ask me, margin 
improvement is not an independent drive that we are running as much as, let us say, driving the 
growth trajectory to be a lot more consistent in terms of our revenue growth. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Manik, if I can just add there, right? Just to add one last bit to that comment. I think the ability 
to drive margin growth is very much in our hands. We decide not to make a certain degree of 
investments. Operating leverage will definitely come into play as we convert some of these large 
deals because that's how you actually build long-term, sticky annuity platform-based revenue. 
 
So, I think we are very aware of the opportunities that come with it. But in the current phase, 
with the environment and the competitive intensity and the shift in landscape with AI, the 
prudent thing to do is to focus on growth and not try to do growth and margin expansion at the 
same time. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dipesh from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Dipesh: 
Nitin, just want to understand, earlier, we've seen pipeline to closure, and closure to a revenue 
conversion was impacted. Considering in the last 1, 1.5 months, whether you find any challenges 
to some of those conversions? Second thing is about deal wins. Now if I look, let's say, our deal 
pipeline, very strong growth over the last many quarters we have reported in terms of the way 
pipeline is shaping up. Partly, it also starts getting reflected into deal closure. If I look at the last 
few quarters, deal closure also was very strong. 
 
Considering some of the earlier deal to revenue conversion kind of narrative, the way you 
answered, do you expect this revenue growth momentum what we have started building is more 
sustainable, more durable, barring 1 or 2 quarter year as well, but it will be more durable and 
sustainable. But in your overall narrative purpose, it doesn't come out. So, you just want to get 
overall thought process, how you see these things to play out? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Again, good question. I mean I answered parts of that already, Dipesh. So let me just give you a 
quick summary answer again. You're absolutely right, the deal conversion pace picked up, that 
obviously is translated to some revenue conversion pace that we've seen in Q4. 
 
I think at this point; we just want to make sure that we continue to get the trajectory of bringing 
growth back and be a little bit more sustained and consistent about it. Not every quarter will be 
the same. There will be things that we can see, and there will be things that we can't see. But 
having said that, that's exactly the direction of travel. 
 
But instead of coming out of the gates and telling you all our challenges are behind us, and now 
we're going to grow consistently every quarter at a healthy clip, we're just taking an approach 
where we want to just make sure that we have enough and more momentum built in and early 
indicators of our pipeline, which is very healthy, indicators of recent TCV wins also healthy. So, 
let's just give it a quarter or 2 for us to make sure that we have the ability to get consistency in 
our own execution, because we're dealing with a lot of moving parts here. So, I think that's the 
way I would ask you to think about it. I don't think there is any debate in the objective or the 
direction of travel, which is consistent QoQ growth from an organic standpoint. 
Dipesh: 
Understood. And last question is on the win rate side, let's say, in last 6 to 8 quarters, can you 
comment - because pipeline is very strong. I just want to understand how win rate is changing 
or playing out for us? 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. I don't think we give that metric out per se. But I think, again, if you see the metrics around 
new gen deals, now we started talking about AI-infused or AI-led deals or even the proactive 
deals. The win rate has actually been pretty steady. We have work to do in certain segments. 
And in those segments, we do expect the strategic engagement team to come in and play a role, 
and that's how they started to do it. That's what they started to do. So, if anything, I think we 
would expect the win rate to improve. The pipeline has already improved. And hence, we gave 
the confidence that the TCV number, at least for the foreseeable couple of quarters should be 
healthy. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Congrats on decent set of numbers. One question, Nitin, in terms of, say, if I look at your onsite 
contributions, it's up almost 8% over the last 6 quarters. And in absolute terms, your offshore 
revenues have fallen. So, one, I wanted to get a sense in terms of nature of these deals and when 
do we start to see say, the savings being given out to the clients in terms of moving them 
offshore? Or is it different? 
 
And secondly, we managed margins pretty well despite the fact that there has been such a high 
bump up in terms of onsite. So, as you go forward and try and give savings to clients, why 
shouldn't the margins improve? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
The way I will answer that question is I think there are a couple of assumptions in your thesis 
that I would like you to revisit, because that's the shift we are going through in the industry. I 
talked briefly about it, but we are moving from a people-based services model to a tech-based 
solutions model. 
 
That doesn't mean that cost-to-serve at our end is not important or location is not important. But 
that definitely gives us an opportunity to not be tied to a rate card that may have a lower margin 
for onshore and higher margin for offshore. That's the first assumption that is starting to get 
challenged, questioned, addressed, monetized. If we're going to infuse the tech platform, we 
have to find a way to actually make sure that the tech platform is giving us something more than 
just a differentiation, right? And hence, the assumption that higher onshore revenue means lower 
margin, I don't think holds true, especially because of this migration from services to solutions. 
 
Second, I'll just give you a data point. If you look at Q4 numbers, the offshore headcount has 
actually ticked up, which means the model today is right shoring, right solution, right tech stack, 
right tech infusion and then you continue to optimize and find ways to not only expand what you 
can offer back to the customer but also try to keep some back with you. 
 
In the longer term, and I'm not going to put a time frame on what longer term means, if the thesis 
and the migration plays out well, then you're right. You potentially have an opportunity to 
expand the margin. Now whether you keep it in your P&L or where you put it back in the 
business, it's a call we'll take if we get to that happy place. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as our last question. Now I hand the call back to Mr. Nitin 
for closing comments. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Thank you, guys, for giving us the time. I know it was early in the day. And I'm energized by 
our progress on the opportunities ahead. We have a lot of work to do given that we are dealing 
with a certain set of variables that we necessarily cannot control, but we continue to be laser-
focused on execution and growth, and our tech leadership and AI portfolios are helping us attract 
new customers, grow existing customers and win larger deals. On that note, we look forward to 
speaking to you guys again at the end of our Q1 earnings. Thank you again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Mphasis Limited, that concludes this conference. If you 
have any further questions, please reach out to the Mphasis Investor Relations team at 
investor.relations@mphasis.com. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
