 
 
Registered Office 133,  Jehangir  Building,  2nd  Floor,  M.G.  Road, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India. 
T  +91-22-66556000 / 43214000   F  +91-22-66556099   E oa@orientalaromatics.com   CIN L17299MH1972PLC285731 
    www.orientalaromatics.com 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: OAL/BSE/NSE/11/2025-26 
 
2nd June, 2025 
 
To  
To  
The Manager 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                      Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID     : OAL 
Symbol: OAL 
Scrip Code: 500078 
Series   : EQ 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with the Institutional Investors/Analysts 
 
With reference to our letter dated 23rd May, 2025, intimating about the conference call with the 
Institutional Investors/Analysts on Thursday, 29th May, 2025 at 01.00 p.m. to discuss the 
financial performance of the Company for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2025, please 
find attached herewith transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
Further, the 
copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
www.orientalaromatics.com. 
 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
For Oriental Aromatics Limited 
 
 
 
Dharmil A. Bodani  
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 00618333 
 
 
Dharmil 
Anil Bodani
Digitally signed by 
Dharmil Anil Bodani 
Date: 2025.06.02 
17:40:20 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
Oriental Aromatics Limited 
Q4 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 29, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Oriental Aromatics Limited Q4 & FY'25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am 
Purvangi Jain: 
Good afternoon everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain 
from Valorem Advisors, we represent the Investor Relations of Oriental Aromatics Limited. 
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's 
earnings call for the 4th Quarter and the Financial Year ended 2025. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements 
are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions 
made by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned 
not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
Now, let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's Earnings Call 
and hand it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Dharmil Bodani – 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Shyamal Bodani – Executive Director; Mr. Girish 
Khandelwal – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Parag Satoskar – Chief Executive Officer; and Ms. 
Kiranpreet Gill – Company Secretary. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Dharmil Bodani, to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 20 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you Purvangi. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Dharmil Bodani – Chairman 
and Managing Director of Oriental Aromatics Limited. It is my pleasure to welcome all of you 
to our FY’25 and Q4 FY’25 Earnings Call. I extend my gratitude to our valued shareholders, 
analysts and partners, for joining us today. We have much to discuss, from the global industry 
landscape to our company's performance over the past year, and I would also specially like to 
touch upon the broader context in which we are now operating. 
I would like to begin my speech today talking about two legacy FMCG brands that have been 
part of the Oriental Aromatics portfolio for multiple decades. The names of the brands are 
Saraswati camphor and 3 Pine camphor and Bhimseni. Originally registered in 1967 and 1994 
these heritage brands have remained synonymous with purity, tradition and trust for over 
five decades. Making them among the oldest continuously operating names in India's puja 
FMCG segment. For several years, the manufacturing, sales and promotional responsibilities 
of these brands were franchised. In FY’23-24 OAL strategically internalized both brands into 
its direct product portfolio. As of FY’24-25 the complete management from production to 
market execution is now handled exclusively by dedicated OAL teams. With the induction 
process now successfully completed. We are excited to represent these two powerful brand 
assets to our investor community. 
Key highlights of the two brands pan India presence - established footprint with strong 
market leadership across multiple regions, trusted product portfolio - both brands offer high 
quality camphor products catering to everyday spiritual and household use. Premium variant 
offering - 3 Pine brand includes Bhimseni, known for its superior purity and deep spiritual 
relevance. Manufacturing backbone - together Saraswati and 3 Pine account for over 60% of 
OALs total powder camphor production, reinforcing their scale and relevance. Strategic moat- 
the synergy between our domestic brand strength and our global leadership in 
pharmaceutical grade camphor creates a robust competitive moat, offering insulation from 
broader industry volatility. Growth platform - these legacy brands served as a national launch 
pad for deeper expansion into India's fast growing and culturally significant puja segment, 
unlocking new FMCG growth avenues. As a trusted name in millions of Indian households, 
Saraswati and 3 Pine camphor not only reinforce our heritage, but also represent a strategic 
lever for future innovation and portfolio growth in the spiritual and traditional product 
segment. With that, I now invite Shyamal Bodani, our Executive Director to take over and 
continue the speech. Thank you, over to you Shyamal. 
Shyamal Bodani: 
Thank you Dharmil. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us for Quarter 4, 
Financial Year 2024-25 earning call. I would like to now give you a comprehensive global 
overview of all industry segments that we operate in. After which I will try to highlight as 
Oriental Aromatics Limited where we stand today and where we are headed as the company 
in the future. 

 
Page 3 of 20 
Globally, the fragrance and flavor industry demonstrates resilience in FY’25 despite facing 
multiple headwinds. Industry reports indicate that the traditional F&F market comprising of 
compounded flavors and fragrance blends grew modestly. Encouragingly fragrance 
application provided proved particularly robust worldwide. Fine fragrance perfumes continue 
to enjoy healthy demand as consumers return to social lives post pandemic and consumer 
product fragrances used in soaps, detergent and personal care maintain their essential status. 
In fact, the fragrance division of major global players outperform the other divisions in their 
portfolio. This trend underscores that even amid an uncertain global economy consumers 
value the experience and comfort of fragrance products provide. 
The theme for the FMCG industry in India seems to be premiumization. The other significant 
trend seems to be the emergence of rural India as a major consumer of FMCG products. Both 
these trends have created unique opportunities for F&F companies based out of India. Earlier 
in the year, many large FMCG customers globally and in India engaged in destocking, reducing 
their fragrance inventories which had been built up during prior supply chain disruptions. This 
caused a short term dip in orders to fragrance and flavor houses, especially in H1. However, 
by the end of the year, order patterns have been normalized as clients inventories reached 
equilibrium. Overall the fragrance and flavor industry demonstrated agility using innovation 
and pricing discipline to navigate cost inflation and volatility. 
Moving to the aroma chemical ingredient segment, this is the backbone of fragrances and 
flavor creation, comprising specialty aroma chemicals, essential oils and cosmetic ingredients. 
Globally, the market for aroma molecules and related ingredients also experience modest 
growth in FY’25. However, the aroma ingredient space in 24-25 was not without its 
challenges. Inflationary pressures on some raw materials like petrochemicals, natural oils and 
solvents earlier in the year squeezed margins for ingredient manufacturers. There were also 
pockets of oversupply in certain aroma chemicals, as new production capacities came online 
globally leading to competitive pricing. Despite these hurdles, the leading aroma ingredients 
producers maintained a focus on innovation, developing novel captive molecules and green 
chemistry processes and on backward integration to control costs. The result was that overall 
supply and demand stayed fairly balanced by year end. This bodes well for ingredient makers, 
as stable input costs combined with steady volumes can help restore reasonable profitability. 
In summary, the aroma ingredients industry delivered stable, if not spectacular growth over 
the year, focusing on productivity and value added products to sustain its momentum. 
Now let me address the camphor and terpene based chemical segments, which is an 
important niche, both globally and for our company. Camphor along with its related terpene 
derivatives such as terpineol, pine oils and other pine tree derived chemicals had a year of 
mixed fortunes internationally. On one hand, demand remained fundamentally healthy. 
Camphor is used in a diverse end market, from pharmaceuticals, topical balms to incense and 
religious devotional use. And these applications ensured baseline consumption stayed firm. 

 
Page 4 of 20 
Additionally, the broad pining chemicals market, which includes products from pine resin to 
turpentine, continues on a growth trajectory. 
On the other hand, price realization in FY’25 was a concern in this segment. FY’24-25 has 
been a unique year for the terpene based products industry. The critical raw material here is 
alpha and beta pinene. Companies operating in this space are used to cyclical pricing of alpha 
and beta pinene. However, this year, when the prices of alpha pinene globally dropped 
substantially at the start of the year, this drop was surprising as the prices corrected by 
multiple percentage points within a few weeks. This coupled with over capacity in most 
products and subdued demand of the finished products impacted top line as well as 
profitability for the first 2 Quarters, things have finally stabilized in terms of price and 
demand in the last 2 Quarters. As a result, increased competition and supply put downward 
pressure on market prices for products like synthetic camphor and terpene alcohols. Many 
producers including us, had to contend with compressed margins as selling price for bulk 
camphor and allied chemicals eased even while raw material costs remain relatively elevated.  
In short, the terpene chemical space is facing headwinds on pricing, making profitability 
growth more challenging. Despite these pressures, it is worth noting that our industry peers 
in this niche still fared reasonably well by focusing on value added grades in efficiency, 
companies with strong brands or specialized offerings in camphor, for example, high purity 
pharma grade camphor or branded consumer formulated camphor products managed to 
defend their market share. 
Overall, the global backdrop for our sector in FY’25 can be summarized as follows. Resilient 
demand with selective growth areas, especially in fragrances. Industry wide emphasis on 
managing inflation and the normalization of supply chains, leading to some price 
adjustments. The larger players in fragrance and flavor continue to grow and invest 
confidently, which sets a positive tone. At the time, all industry members have had to stay 
agile amid geopolitical and economic uncertainties. With that global context in mind now let 
me turn to Oriental Aromatics performance and highlights for the year. 
I am pleased to report that despite the challenging macro environment, Oriental Aromatics 
delivered a credible performance in FY’25 with a particularly strong positive push in the 3rd 
and 4th Quarter. We pursued a strategy of quality growth, prioritizing profitability and long 
term value over short term volume pushes, and this has reflected in our results. I will now 
review each of our divisions in detail, fragrances, camphor and terpene chemicals and 
specialty aroma ingredients, as well as provide an update on our new Mahad facility. 
Our fragrance division had a very good year, emerging as a key growth driver for the 
company. This performance is especially noteworthy given the context of an Indian FMCG 
sector slowdown in H2, especially urban demand. How did we accomplish this, firstly our 
team succeeded in winning new business, both internationally and domestically. We 

 
Page 5 of 20 
expanded our footprint with global clients, securing new fragrance wins from overseas 
market while also adding new Indian customers in categories like personal care, home care 
and air care. These new customer acquisitions contributed significantly to our growth. 
Secondly, we deepened our engagement with existing clients, many of whom are marking 
names in the FMCG sector, resulting in increased share of wallet and higher order volumes 
for Oriental Aromatics fragrances. Even as some large FMCG companies saw slower growth, 
they continue to innovate and new product launches, and we are proud to partner with them 
by supplying creative fragrance solutions for those launches. Our ability to grow with our 
clients by servicing their new product needs and expanding into more of their product lines 
has been a hallmark of this year. 
Another crucial factor has been the broad basing of our customer mix. Not only did top tier, 
national and global clients contribute, but notably smaller and regional customers also added 
significant volumes. This underscores the resilience of India's consumption story, demand 
from regional players and emerging brands in India remained strong and we tapped into that 
by providing tailored fragrance compounds for their unique needs, such as local incense 
makers, boutique personal care brands, by catering to a wide spectrum of customers we 
reduce dependency on any single client and open new avenues of growth. I want to 
emphasize the strategic advantage conferred by our backward integration in this tech 
segment. 
Oriental Aromatics is among the privileged few fragrance houses that also manufactures their 
own aroma ingredients. This means a generous portion of the aroma chemicals that go into 
our fragrance compound are produced internally at our facilities. In FY’25 this vertical 
integration proved invaluable. It ensured supply, security and cost control at a time when 
global supply chains were unpredictable. While other fragrance manufacturers might have 
faced shortage or inflated prices for certain key ingredients, we could rely on our in-house 
production or captive sourcing to meet our formulation needs. This not only protected our 
margins, but also gave us flexibility to price our fragrances competitively without 
compromising on quality. In essence, our fragrance creation team work hand-in-hand with 
our chemicals. R&D and manufacturing teams, allowing us to offer clients a compelling value 
proposition creative scents backed by reliable, cost effective supply of the ingredients that 
make up those sense. 
Turning now to our camphor and terpene chemical division, which includes our range of 
camphor products and a variety of terpene based chemicals. FY’25 was a year of 
consolidation for this business. We consciously adopted a strategy to preserve value in an 
environment of pricing pressure, as I noted earlier, the market prices for many terpene based 
products were under pressure industry wide and Oriental Aromatics was not immune to this 
trend. Rather than chasing unsustainable volumes at low margins, we took a calibrated 
approach, in some cases even reducing production volumes to focus on higher margin sales. 

 
Page 6 of 20 
This deliberate strategy meant our sales volumes for camphor, terpene products were flat 
year-on-year, and overall revenue from this division was subdued. 
However, it also meant that we avoided flooding the market and worsening the price decline, 
and we protected the business from operating at uneconomical price levels. By the second 
half of the year, this approach began to pay off, as market conditions stabilized and we were 
able to realize better pricing on our sales. That said, there were also positive highlights in the 
camphor division that I want to share. Camphor powder and formulated camphor sales for 
end consumer use remain steady, reflecting our strong brands and distribution. Throughout 
FY’25 we sustained our leadership in the Indian camphor market by leveraging good will 
associated with Saraswati and 3 Pine on the industrial and chemical side of this division, 
terpene chemicals like terpineol camphene derivatives, etc, will face the brunt of price 
erosion. However, even here there were bright spots, in Q4 and towards year end we saw an 
uptick in order inquiries of certain terpene specialties. We also had some success in export 
markets for terpene chemicals, capitalizing on India's reputation as a stable supplier when 
other sources were volatile. 
Our Bareli plant, which produces camphor and terpene chemicals, achieved improved 
operational efficiencies, energy conservation and yield improvements which helped partially 
offsetting the lower selling prices. This process continues as a part of our CPR program. As a 
result, this divisions profitability began to recover in the last 2 Quarters. In fact, I am happy to 
share that Q3 and Q4 FY’25 was one of the better quarters in recent times for camphor and 
terpene divisions in terms of realization, setting a hopeful tone for the new fiscal year. 
In summary, the camphor divisions weathered a tough year by holding firm on price discipline 
and leaning on our brand strength. We consciously traded off some top line growth in 
exchange for healthier margin and a stronger foundation. This prudence aligns with our long 
term view for the business, and we anticipated that as the cycle turns, Oriental Aromatics will 
be well positioned to capture the upside in camphene and terpene chemicals. 
Next, let's discuss our specialty aroma ingredients division, which encompasses a wide variety 
of aroma chemicals and specialty molecules we manufacture for use in fragrance flavors and 
other application. This division exemplifies our legacy of chemical manufacturing expertise, 
and includes products ranging from terpenoids to musk and sandalwood derivatives. In FY‘25 
the specialty aroma ingredients division, saw healthy demand and volume growth, reflecting 
its critical role in the supply chain of fragrances and flavors. We showed good growth in 
production, sales, volume of aroma chemicals throughout the year. 
Our customers, which include both internal captive consumption by our fragrance division, 
and external sales to other fragrance and flavor houses, needed steady supply, and we 
ramped up the output to meet their needs. I am proud to say that our manufacturing teams 
rose to the occasion running plants efficiently and increasing production without 

 
Page 7 of 20 
compromising on quality or safety. However, much like the global trend, our aroma 
ingredients business faced pressure on profitable price realization. In plainer terms, while we 
sold more volumes, we had to do so at prices that were often lower than the previous year 
for certain products. This was due to stiff competition and an oversupplied market for 
commodity aroma chemicals. We responded by emphasizing our specialty portfolio, focusing 
on niche and high value aroma chemicals, where we have efficient processes or quality 
advantages. This helped, to some extent, in protecting our profitability. 
Additionally, our backward integration again, the synergy between making our own raw 
materials and using them in our own fragrances allowed us to internally consume a sizable 
portion of our aroma chemical output at transfer prices, effectively securing an assured 
margin on those. Despite margin pressures it's important to note that this division remains 
the cornerstone of our ingredient model and the key to our future growth. The capabilities 
we have, like hydrogenation, ability to commercially manage a wide range of chemistries, our 
CPR program are world class, and we continue to invent and invest in them during FY’25. 
We commissioned new process improvements and R&D initiatives aimed at cost reduction. 
By the year end there were early signs that raw materials cost inflation was easing, which 
should improve the situation going forward. In summary, the specialty aroma ingredient 
division had a year of excellent operational performance. Volumes up new products 
introduced, but financial performance that was tempered by industry wide pricing challenges. 
We view this as a timing issue. Demand is real and growing, and once the supply demand 
balance normalizes, the profitability will follow. 
Now for an update on our Mahad plant commissioning, I am delighted to share with you an 
important milestone achieved during the year, the commissioning of our new greenfield 
manufacturing facility in Mahad, Maharashtra. This state of art plant is dedicated to the 
production of a specialized aroma ingredient, one of our newest products, branded 
Evermoss. We often speak about process efficiency and moving up the value chain. Evermoss 
is a prime example of that philosophy in action. Construction and commercial trials at the 
Mahad site progressed through FY’25 and I am proud to announce that as of November 12, 
2024 full commercial production commenced at this facility. Those initial shipments marked 
in the beginning of revenue generation from this investment. Only customer feedback for 
Evermoss has been encouraging, our global distributors and key clients, some of whom 
received pre-launched samples had expressed keen interest. The Mahad plants 
commissioning is a significant driver for our company's future growth. It's it adds substantial 
capacity and technological capabilities. It also reinforces our mission to deliver complex, high 
quality aroma chemicals at scale. From a financial perspective, we have begun seeing the 
capitalization of this asset, and while the full top line contribution will reflect in FY’26 and 
beyond, we wanted our investors to recognize that a major growth CAPEX has now translated 
into an operational asset. 

 
Page 8 of 20 
We remain focused on ramping up Mahad to optimal capacity over the next few quarters. 
Alongside Mahad, I should also mention that our other expansion projects, such as the new 
hydrogenation unit at Vadodara, commissioned in July 2024 are on track and already 
contributing by enabling new products and efficiency gains. All these investments underpin 
our confidence in the long term demand for our products, and they equip us to capture a 
larger share of the global market. 
Geopolitical environment in India's strategic position. As we assess our performance and plan 
ahead, we must also maintain vigilant about the broader geopolitical and economic 
environment. FY’25 and the start of FY’26 have been characterized by a considerable global 
uncertainty. Geopolitical tensions from the conflict in Eastern Europe to changing trade 
relations in Asia continue to pose both risks and opportunities. One pertinent issue in the 
landscape of international tariffs and trade policies, India itself has taken a more assertive 
stance in ensuring fair trade terms, as seen in recent WTO filings and bilateral talks. For our 
industry, which relies on cross border movement of raw materials and finished goods, such 
tariff uncertainties requires careful navigation. 
We saw certain ingredients globally and also export our products to many regions, so we are 
actively monitoring and hedging against trade policies, shifts that could impact duties or 
market access. We remain cognizant of near term uncertainties. Geopolitics can be 
unpredictable, situations can evolve rapidly, and we must be ready to adapt. We have 
business continuity plans and a diversified sourcing strategy to mitigate risks such as import, 
export bottlenecks or sudden regulatory changes. 
Overall, we are optimistic that the macro environment, while complex will offer more 
tailwinds than headwinds for Indian industry in the medium term, given India's strength 
standing. Looking ahead, we remain confident about Oriental Aromatics growth trajectory. 
The order by pipeline for our fragrance division is healthy. Both domestic FCG clients and 
international buyers have provided encouraging forecasts, and our creative teams are now 
working with a number of new fragrance briefs, which we expect to translate into business. In 
aroma ingredients, the new capacities our Vadodara hydrogenation, Mahad Evermoss plant 
are coming on stream at the right time to serve increasing demand, and we anticipate 
improvement in margins as the product mix shifts towards more value added ingredients, and 
as pricing gradually normalizes. 
For camphor and terpene products, early signs of price stabilization and volume uptick 
suggest that the worst is behind us. We are poised to benefit from any rebound in this 
segment with our lean operations and strong brands. From a financial perspective, I would 
like to reiterate our commitment to profitable growth. We are maintaining our guidance on 
operating performance. In fact, I want to clearly state that our EBITDA guidance remains 
unchanged from the previous year's level. 

 
Page 9 of 20 
In closing, I would like to say that FY’25 was the year that tested many companies and 
Oriental Aromatics emerged stronger and wiser. We navigated a tough environment by 
staying true to our core strengths, innovation, integration and prudent management. We 
have built a solid foundation for growth with new capacities coming online and new markets 
opening up. As we move into FY’26 we do so with humility about challenges and confidence 
in our team's ability to deliver. I thank all our employees for their dedication and hard work, 
they are the force behind every achievement I discussed today, I would also like to thank our 
Board for their guidance and our shareholders for your unwavering trust. Finally, I extend my 
gratitude to the customers and partners globally for continuing to collaborate with Oriental 
Aromatics in creating fragrances, flavors and ingredients that delight millions of end 
consumers. We are excited about the road ahead and look forward to sharing our progress in 
the coming quarters. Thank you for your attention. I will now hand it over to Mr. Girish 
Khandelwal, our CFO to brief you on the financial highlights. Over to you, Girish. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Thank you very much Shyamal. Good afternoon everyone. Let me begin by sharing our 
consolidated performance for the Q4 FY’25. The operating revenue is stood at Rs.253 crore, 
reflecting a 17% year-on-year growth and a 13.7% increase on quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA 
was reported at Rs.19 crore compared to Rs.22 crore in the previous quarter, and Rs.20.9 
crore in the corresponding quarter last year. EBITDA margins stood at 7.62% as compared to 
10.15% in the previous quarter. Net profit after tax to date Rs.1.4 crore 
Now coming to FY’25 performance on a consolidated basis, the operating revenue was Rs.928 
crore, making an 11% year-on-year growth. EBITDA stood at Rs.93.4 crore nearly doubling 
from Rs.47 crore in FY’24, with EBITDA margins stood at 10.06% up from 5.62% in FY’24. Net 
profit after tax stood at Rs.34.3 crore, significantly up from Rs.9.1 crore in FY’24, while PAT 
margins improved to 3.69% reflecting at 260 basis points year-on-year increase. 
During the year, cash profit stood at Rs.58 crore, a significant increase compared to Rs.28.9 
crore in the previous year. Return on capital employed for FY’25 improved to 9.33% 
compared to 3.90% in FY’24. 
Now let me speak about our wholly owned subsidiary Oriental Aromatics and Son’s Limited, 
the Mahad greenfield project, which has been recently commissioned and is under a sales 
growth and sales stabilization phase is an asset under this subsidiary. There is a net loss due 
to the stabilization phase of the asset in our subsidy to the extent of Rs.5.9 crore in Q4 and 
Rs.11.74 crore in FY’25. This loss is primary reason for a reduction of 1.35% in EBITDA in the 
net profit at a consolidated level. Investor friends are requested to make a note of the same. 
Thank you, with this we can now open the floor to the questions-and-answer session. Over to 
you Purvangi. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 10 of 20 
Ankit Gupta: 
So on the camphor side, you did talk about that the prices are seem to be bottoming out and 
things are improving. So can we expect that, FY’26 we should see some improvement in the 
margins there or how is the FY’26 looking like for camphor? 
Management: 
So primarily, we would like to be cautiously optimistic about the camphor division, we are 
seeing an uptick in terms of pricing, but the competitive landscape still remains in a situation 
where there is oversupply and the demand is growing, but is growing very steadily. So unless 
you do not have certain strategic levers, the ability to have sustainable profit margins is 
always going to be challenging, 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. But perhaps on the two new forward integrations that we have done, or the company 
that will be selling camphor and will be supplying 60% of our overall camphor sales to them. 
So is this a new development which has happened in the end of this financial year or it has 
been earlier also? 
Management: 
So, Parag you need to bring in some clarity on the first part of the speech. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Sure. So Ankit, as Dharmil mentioned that these two brands that he has just represented 
today have been part of our portfolio for almost the past 50 years. So the sales and the 
contribution have always been included in our numbers all throughout, what we have done In 
today's investor call is just representing these brands because they have now been 
internalized. And because they have now been internalized, they will be managed in a more 
efficient way. And, regarding the 60% consumption, that is a very strategic moat that is being 
created because, since a 60% of the formulated of the camphor powder that we manufacture 
is used internally for these two strong brands, it kind of insulates us from the market situation 
where the camphor powder pricing is very challenging. So just to clarify that these brands 
have always been part of our portfolio. They have been in a franchise model, and the 
contribution of powdered camphor was going in the franchising model. Today, we are just 
reintroducing them to the investor community, as these brands have now been internalized.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure, sir. But the fluctuation in the camphor pricing does impact there, as well is what you are 
trying to indicate, since this brands we were part of our sales for the past many years now? 
Parag Satoskar: 
It does impact, but it also being an FMCG product and a B2C customer gives you a little 
stronger strategic position than being in a B2B space where you are actually supplying 
powdered camphor to other formulated camphor’s. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure, okay got it. And my second question was on the subsidiary part the Mahad expansion 
that we have taken. So now since last quarter we were for all the phase of stabilization. So 
where are we in terms of stabilization and ramp up and how do you see this financial year for 
the subsidy, because last quarter and for full year we have incurred losses there. So do we 
expect to break even there and how do you see the ramp up in this subsidiary for FY’26? 

 
Page 11 of 20 
Management: 
So it's a large greenfield project, unlike a lot of our investments in the past which have been 
brownfield project. Because of the greenfield nature of the project, we have ended up doing 
CAPEX which is divided into two parts. There is a general CAPEX which was involved in 
development of the whole site for our future expansion as well. And then there was a 
dedicated CAPEX which was done for this plant. And after commercialization, the samples 
have now reached all our customers. They have also reached the internal customer, which is 
our fragrance division. And we are getting very encouraging results. As we ramp up volumes, 
this product gets added into our basket of products which are already supplied globally by us 
to our global customers. And we are very confident that the current, that initial phase of 
production capacity that we have set out for which is 250 metric tons of this material, would 
be sold out in the coming quarters, and we will be able to break in. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. So we should expect the given, if not in Q1 at least in Q2, Q3 is what we can expect? 
Management: 
We will inform you about the development that we are seeing in terms of sales growth and 
sales stabilization. But, I wouldn't really be very keen on giving you absolute numbers in 
terms of which quarter, we have to understand that this is a extremely large investment 
which has been done on a green field project. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Manish Periwal from Fiducia Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Manish Periwal: 
It would help if you could, in quantitative terms share the relevance of each of the three 
divisions. So like, you have a revenue of about Rs.928 crores that you have done. So if you 
could share with us as, how much each business contributes or the division contributes, that 
will give us a better perspective. 
Management: 
So Manish from a broad perspective, we have always been mentioning that the three 
divisions, which is the camphor and the terpene chemicals division, the specialty aroma 
ingredients division and the fragrance and flavor division individually contribute one third of 
the total sales revenue that we achieve. We have a plus or minus few percentage points 
every quarter, depending upon demand or depending upon seasonality, but broadly 
speaking, the contribution of each towards the sales is one third. 
Manish Periwal: 
Thank you. So since we are looking at the consolidated performance so this Mahad expansion 
and Mahad feasibility that would fall under which of the three division, assuming it should be 
aroma compounds? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Yes, it would be currently with the first phase of product launch that has happened from 
Mahad it would be in our specialty aroma ingredients. 
Management: 
Yes, specialty ingredients Parag. 

 
Page 12 of 20 
Manish Periwal: 
Yes. So would that shift the needle from one third, one third to maybe a different number? 
Management: 
So the broad objective is to continue growing each division. And so what we have seen is over 
the years whenever, because we have had substantial product launches in our specialty 
aroma ingredients division, but we have also had growth in the fragrance division. We have 
also had growth in our camphor and terpene chemicals division in the past few years. So 
more or less stays in the same zone plus or minus few percentage points. 
Manish Periwal: 
Fair point. In fact, I have been a user of the Saraswati camphor, and it's heartening to know 
that now the control and the whole operating mechanics of this particular component is with 
the company itself. So my compliments and all the best wishes. 
Management: 
So glad to know that Manish. If you can just drop me your phone number offline to the 
investor, we would send you a nice box of Saraswati camphor. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kaustubh Bubna from BMSPL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
So, I have two questions. The first one is more on your debt and finance cost. They have risen 
quite a bit in FY’25 versus FY’24 so could you give some guidance over here for going into 
FY’26, how would you look at your balance sheet, debt levels, and what's the rate you are 
paying on the total borrowings you have? And that's the first question and the second 
question is just, I am trying to understand more on the camphor market, given the 
geopolitical risks, I understand it's unpredictable, very unpredictable. But let's say there's a 
scenario where a basket of products from China is tariff to a level where India is at an 
advantage. Do you see that improving our camphor business in FY’26? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Sure. So, Kaustubh on debt, I would like to probably highlight that and Girish correct me if I 
am wrong, that the long term debt that we have is primarily to finance the brownfield 
project, which has come up in Baroda and our greenfield project and which as I said is in the 
growth, sales growth and sales stabilization phase. The working capital debt is primarily 
against inventories and receivables, which are with marquee customers and keeping a 
relatively higher level of inventories across all our divisions has been a strategic decision that 
we took this year. Because, when it came to the fragrance division we were seeing certain 
aroma chemicals and essential oils which were at their lowest levels ever. So, it was a 
strategic decision to probably maintain a bit of higher inventories there. When the same 
translated into our specialty aroma ingredients division, where we have seen certain raw 
material feed stocks, which are available at their lowest price levels for a long, long time. And 
the only probably way from the current level is they would start going up. So these are 
strategic decisions that we have taken at the inventory level, which has resulted in a bit of 
additional working capital, which has resulted in higher finance costs. But it's something 
which we are completely under check, review, and is strategic in nature. So that about the 

 
Page 13 of 20 
debt question. When you look at specifically camphor, the geopolitical risks about tariffs 
would probably not impact camphor, per se as a product because if you look at the global use 
of camphor, a large part of it in India is used for the puja space, but globally it's relatively a 
niche market used in pain management as well as in flu management, which is the wicks and 
the tiger balms of the world. So, centers where these products are manufactured are 
relatively stable in terms of the geopolitical risks. Having said that, the terpene chemical 
space and the specialty aroma ingredient space, if India turns out to be at a strategic 
advantage over China, would be very, very interesting to see in the coming quarter to come. 
Management: 
Yes, and also just to add to what Parag is saying, you have to understand that our camphor 
business is not primarily now related to the powdered business, we are using 60% of the 
camphor we produce internally for our own brands. The realization between powdered 
camphor and branded camphor under our two brands is at an advantage to us selling the 
branded camphor. Therefore, 60% is internally used, the rest is either in the pain 
management pharma space, because we have a GMP plant and we have a very little amount 
of powder that we today offer to select geographies in India and to select customers that 
don't compete with our own brands. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
Understood. So just to end this question, how much percentage of your, so you are saying 
most of your powder camphor’s used internally, right? 
Management: 
Correct. That was in my opening speech where, it's a moat for us, because 60% we consume 
internally for our two brands. So even with the expanded capacity in the country, we 
currently stay relatively insulated from it. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
Understood. How much percentage of your total camphor sales is to the US? 
Management: 
I wouldn't know the exact numbers. 
Management: 
It’s very limited, extremely limited. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
Okay. 
Management: 
Primarily only in the pharma space. And because we are US FDA approved, we again have a 
competitive strategic advantage over there. 
Management: 
Correct. And if you look at the calls in the last 3, 4 Quarters that we have had where investors 
have been asking us about our camphor strategy in the new expanded capacities in India 
scenario. So, we are just making a clarification to you all that these brands have been with us. 
We have internalized them largely because of the new competitive landscape, and therefore 
insulated us from the warfare which is there on the pricing on the powder. 

 
Page 14 of 20 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Richa from Equi Master. Please go 
ahead. 
Richa: 
My question is based on, as of this month if you analyze what kind of capacity utilization is 
there in Mahad? 
Management: 
So currently, we probably like I said that we commissioned the plant in November, and we 
are still in the process of sampling, getting approvals. And if you have heard a few investor 
calls in the past, we have anywhere between a 100 to 150 day cycle where the samples are 
taken by the customers. They are evaluated all effectively and also evaluated in applications. 
So we are currently in the process where we are building up stocks, and once we have these 
global approvals in, we should have a more substantial and more regularized business. 
Currently, a lot of the sales that are happening are internally to our fragrance division and are 
also happening to spot buyers in the world. So, I don't have the exact number, but it's 
relatively less. It will get ramped up once we have the global approvals coming in and some 
allocations happening to us in the global RMs. 
Richa: 
Okay. And sir post these expansions the brownfield and the greenfield, assuming the pricing 
scenario across different segments remains similar, what kind of turnover do we expect on 
this? 
Management: 
So, we normally stick to a number of 1.7x in terms of the investments that we have done. In 
the Mahad situation, since it's a big green field project and we have done investments for the 
preparation of the site, and certain specific investments that we have done only for the plant. 
We are going to probably stick to a turnover ratio of a very conservative ratio of between 1.4 
to 1.5. 
Richa: 
Okay. And sir like you said that this is just a start going forward how much expansion is 
possible at this Mahad facility, and what would be the CAPEX plan for FY’26 and 27? 
Management: 
So currently looking at the competitive landscape for a wide range of products that we have 
introduced or we are currently manufacturing, and the overall capacity utilization of all the 
global plants, we have taken a strategic decision that we are going to probably get into a 
moat where we are going to focus on stabilization, focus on capacity utilization and capacity 
selling of all our plants, focus on profitable growth and as and when we have very specific 
targeted opportunities, we are going to do CAPEX. In terms of just the land bank available, 
the Mahad facility can probably take three more plants, the size of the Evermoss plant that 
we have constructed. So we have sizable amount of land bank available for taking care of 
future expansions, if and when they come along with the environmental clearance. But 
currently we are going to focus more on stabilization, capacity utilization and sales. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Anisha from Geo Ads. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 15 of 20 
Anisha: 
Sir, I just had a question since there is some pressure on price, which is mainly due to the 
sales supply and import from China. Have we considered joining hands with other 
manufacturers to actually push maybe anti-dumping duties or safety duty? 
Management: 
So to answer your question Anisha, right now we do not have any such conversations going 
on and if there is any update on such conversations happening, we will revert back to you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saket an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Saket: 
So, first question is what could be the say, margin of the legacy OAL business, excluding 
Mahad and trading, and of course last time Parag, you had told that you have also got into 
say trading of certain essential commodities, and I see that almost Rs.20 crores of stock in 
trade now reflects in our P&L. So what has been the revenue from the trading business and 
the working capital has worsened quite a bit both on receivables as well as inventory front. 
So, is the worsening largely because of the trading business, or it is because of the legacy OAL 
part? 
Management: 
Sure. So to answer your question Saket, in terms of we are giving you a number on the 
margins because of the wide range of buckets or the products that we operate, it would be 
really difficult to give you a kind of a margin number, point number one. Point number two, in 
terms of the operations of the trading division, we are getting extremely good response from 
customers this is a operation which is pretty much India centric, and it kind of acts as a hedge 
for us, because of the increased volumes that we get because of this trading division, my 
overall cost of buying certain imported raw material comes down, which helps my fragrance 
division, for materials which we do not produce and they are buying from outside. So that is 
the strategic reason why we have the trading division. Regarding the worsening of the 
working capital, I had already mentioned in an earlier statement that it's a very strategic 
decision to ramp up inventories, because we feel that the inventories at their current 
valuation are going to be assets for us in the coming quarters, with the raw material prices 
going up for a wide range of materials for which we have the inventories and certain 
marquee customers of ours have extended their payments beyond their stipulated period, 
which has kind of put a bit of the pressure on the receivable side. But I am also glad to inform 
you that they are already in the process of course correcting and that situation will improve. 
So, to answer your question, the working capital situation is strategic, intentional, and we feel 
is going to deliver value. On the receivable side, the customers have already been informed, 
and they are taking corrective steps. And the trading division seems to have taken off pretty 
well and the customers that we have, including the internal customer which is fragrance 
division, is very, very happy. 
Saket: 
Got it. So we used to have say two EBITDA guidance, one was 10% to 12% during the volatile 
phase, and it's 14% to 17% for the stable state. Now, we were told that the EBITDA margin 

 
Page 16 of 20 
guidance stays the same. So which one should be referred to 10 to 12 or 14 to 17. And if I 
look at our peers, they have now reverted back to their normalized margins. So, what is the 
EBITDA guidance now going forward and, if not then when do we intend to say, revert back to 
the normalized 14% to 17% which used to be the guidance say in the normal scheme of 
things? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I can only say for ourselves and we like to always say that we are cautiously optimistic, 
and we would like to stick to our guidance of 10% to 11% and if we have the opportunity of 
improving our EBITDA margins.  
Management: 
Parag you said 11, 10 to 12. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Sorry, 10 to 12 and if we have the opportunity of improving them in any which way or form 
because of things that we are doing internally or externally, we will come back to the investor 
community. 
Saket: 
Is trading business also diluting it, because trading is usually less, carries lesser margin than 
manufacturing operations in the normal scheme of things. So is that also the reason why it 
remains 10 to 12 despite all the divisions now reverting back, and excluding Mahad will take 
its time. But is that also one of the reasons why the margin remains 10% to 12% despite the 
normalized operation now in most of the segments and even we now forward integrating 
into becoming now B2C players in camphor? 
Management: 
So Saket, if you look at the current size of the trading division compared to the size of the 
overall consolidated group, the size of the trading division currently stays extremely tiny #A, 
#B, like I said, that the trading division has a dual role, and hence we are not going to look at 
the trading division just by the ability to generate margins when they do individual 
transactions. So to answer your question, I don't think it's a trading division, it's our approach 
and our philosophy that we want to be cautiously optimistic and keep it in the 10 to 12 range 
and try to get it better and under commit and over deliver. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So the first question, is that we talked about this internalization of these two brands on the 
camphor side, which is B2C. So just wanted to understand whether that changes and you said 
already it was reflected in numbers as such, just that instead of franchisee now it's an 
internalized thing. So in terms of numbers, will it change anything because of this, at least in 
terms of margin or ability to price and a related question to that is that, even though it's a 
B2C thing. At the end of the day, it's a competitive market, so our ability to price or pass on 
price may be limited or, so given that the margin pressure is it going to reduce because of 

 
Page 17 of 20 
this, is that how you are looking at it it's more like internal consumption, and we are not at 
the wins and fancies of the market? 
Management: 
So primarily, it is a bit of everything, #A consuming large percentage of your output internally 
gives you definite margins at least for that percentage point, so it kind of insulates you from 
the market forces point number one. Point number two, the brands that we are mentioning 
today are brands that have been in the market for a large period of time, so have a sizable 
amount of reputation, and hence demand a certain level of premium, which is not available 
when you actually go and try to sell the best powdered camphor that is produced by any 
plant in India. So, if you just add up all these dots, we should and currently we have just 
finished the process of induction. So the whole play in terms of now offering produce having 
a better product offering to the market, because it was earlier franchise. So having better 
controls, having better product offerings, I am sure all these added together would eventually 
have a put us in a situation where we will have stability in margins and the ability to have 
better margins, vis-à-vis just selling the powder. And those will be factored into the coming 
quarters. Like I said, that Q3 and Q4 have been for us at the camphor and the terpene 
chemicals division, in spite of very challenging competitive landscape, have been better 
quarters compared to the last many quarters. 
Management: 
And, to add to that, if you take the 60% of internal consumption we have started with a very 
truthful number. So what would be interesting to see is in the years ahead, if we are able to 
take that 60% to 75% and what impact would that have on our margin. So, 60% is a good 
starting point for our investors to track our continuous growth of this brand. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Just one clarification, so it is safe to assume that till this brands were internalized and on the 
franchisee model, our supply to them was significantly lesser, and now it will ramp up right, 
he camphor. 
Management: 
Yes, absolutely.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. And second question is, on volume growth Parag, if you can develop it on the volume 
growth side, so from whatever capacities that we have put out including Mahad which was 
coming on stream aroma chemical should do very good in terms of volume growth. F&F also, 
the commentary is very strong. So, I am assuming that double digit volume growth is what we 
are targeting. So, this two probably we are looking at a decent volume growth and camphor a 
slightly more subdued, single digit growth or a steady, stable number is that how we should 
look at the overall picture? 
Management: 
Dhwanil, you have summed it up. Well, we also, the whole investor community also has to be 
mindful that if you look at the trajectory of Oriental Aromatics in the last four to five years. 
Every quarter when we have come and had a chat with you, we have had a plant which was 
just commissioned. So it had a number of products, which were in that first 100 days phase of 

 
Page 18 of 20 
getting approvals, et cetera, et cetera. So that whole cycle which started with the multi-
product plant in 2019 has now kind of seen its first phase of culmination, where the first 
basket of products that we wanted to go to the world market are already except Mahad, 
most of the plants are now, out of the 100 day cycle. So now and assuming that growth in 
aroma ingredients has come back to a stable level, we should only see the volume going up 
North. So to say the aroma ingredients is going to function like this, the fragrance division, as 
you rightly said that the commentary seems to be very strong and the base seems to be very 
low for us to really continue to grow. And the camphor and the terpene chemical space is 
something where, the puja segment surprises me every time and it shows a very strong CAGR 
growth. So, I wouldn't kind of discount it at all and like Dharmil said, that because it has now 
been internalized, and all the Oriental efficiencies will come into play, we wouldn't be 
surprised that we are then internally using more powder, and hence getting more share of 
the market. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Richa from Equity Master. Please go 
ahead. 
Richa: 
My question is on a sequential gross margin that seem to have compressed from 40% to 38%, 
so if you could elaborate on what were the factors which segments did you see this condition 
coming from. And what would be the guidance for gross margins going forward, considering 
that we are looking at value added products? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Gross margin will stay in the 39%, 40% level. 
Richa: 
But for this quarter there was a compression seen like 38% from 40% in December quarter 
and December quarter, was already subdued for you. So if you could just elaborate on what 
was the reason? 
Management: 
Girish, I will take this and correct me, if my understanding is incorrect. Richa, if you are 
looking at just the quarter numbers, for this particular quarter we had some onetime 
expenses which we had incurred for sales promotion activities where we had participated in 
certain global exhibitions as well as certain national exhibitions to promote our fragrances 
and aroma ingredients. So if you are looking at a quarter level, the quarter level numbers in 
terms of profitability are impacted because of this onetime expenses. 
Richa: 
But would this come in gross margin because I am assuming that was growing perhaps other 
expenses? 
Management: 
Okay, so Girish if you can give. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Raw material because of that, major reason was that some raw material prices has shown 
increased trend. 

 
Page 19 of 20 
Richa: 
Okay and sir, of the 46% export that you are getting, how much exposure is there to the US 
market overall? 
Management: 
So, I wouldn't have the exact numbers with me Richa, but you can reach out to the investor 
relationship team with your question, and we will revert back to you with an answer. 
Richa: 
Okay, thank you. And last, if I may, what is the extent of backward integration and going 
forward, given all those fluctuations and raw materials, finished prices. Do you have any 
strategy to increase it further? 
Management: 
Madam, our investments in the specialty aroma ingredients division is a proof that we wish to 
kind of leverage the whole backward integration piece to help our fragrance division and also 
our internalizing of the brands shows our commitment towards forward integration. 
Richa: 
Is there a way to quantify as such? 
Management: 
Madam, it's a dynamic situation where every new product launch kind of then initiates an 
activity in our creative division to use it more. So it's very difficult to really quantify. It's an 
ongoing process but the commitment is there. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Devanshu, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Devanshu: 
Just one question, can you give a sense of what is the three divisions profitability, EBITDA 
margins, and how they have behaved in the last three to four years what's the trend, can you 
just give a sense of that? 
Management: 
So Devanshu we normally do not give division level profit numbers. We always give it at the 
consolidated level. 
Devanshu: 
Would it be possible to give for us to get a sense of the breakup like how we mentioned for 
the sales one third each. Can you give a sense of that, how much that would be in FY’25? 
Management: 
You can probably reach out to our investor relationship cell, and they will then speak with the 
finance and if possible, we can share it with you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Dharmil Bodani from Oriental Aromatics Limited for the closing 
remarks. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you all for participating in the Earnings Conference Call. I hope we have been able to 
answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know 
more about the company, we would be happy to address the same. We are very thankful to 

 
Page 20 of 20 
all our investors who continue to stand by us and also have shown confidence in the 
company's future growth plans. And with this, I wish everyone a great afternoon. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Oriental Aromatics Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
