 
 
May 23, 2025 
To 
To 
The Secretary 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Trading Symbol: DIVISLAB 
Scrip Code: 532488 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of earnings conference call held on May 17, 2025 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015 
 
We hereby submit the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2025, held on May 17, 2025, at 15.00 hrs. (IST). The transcript is also available 
on the website of the Company i.e. www.divislabs.com, under the Investors Relations section.  
 
This is for your information and records.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Divi's Laboratories Limited 
 
 
M. Satish Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
SATISH 
CHOUDHURY 
MEKA
Digitally signed by 
SATISH CHOUDHURY 
MEKA 
Date: 2025.05.23 
15:48:35 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Divi’s Laboratories Limited Q4 FY’25 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
May 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. KIRAN S. DIVI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & CEO 
MS. NILIMA PRASAD DIVI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
(COMMERCIAL) 
MR. L. KISHORE BABU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. VENKATESA PERUMALLU – GENERAL MANAGER 
(FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS) 
MR. M. SATISH CHOUDHURY – COMPANY SECRETARY 
AND CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS OFFICER 
 
 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call of Divi’s Laboratories 
Limited for Q4 FY2025. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. M Satish Choudhury. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
M Satish Choudhury: 
Good afternoon to all of you. I am M Satish Choudhury – Company Secretary and Chief Investor 
Relations Officer of Divi’s Laboratories Limited. I welcome you all to the Earnings Call of the 
Company for the Quarter and Year-ended 31st March 2025. 
From Divi’s Labs, we have with us today Dr. Kiran S. Divi – Whole-Time Director and Chief 
Executive Officer; Ms. Nilima Prasad Divi – Whole-Time Director (Commercial); Mr. L Kishore 
Babu – Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Venkatesa Perumallu – General Manager, Finance and 
Accounts. 
During the day, our Board has approved audited financial results for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2025, and we have released the same to the Stock Exchanges as well as updated the same 
in our website. 
Please note that this conference call is being recorded and a transcript of the same will be made 
available on the website of the company. Please note that the audio of the conference call is the 
copyright material of Divi’s Laboratories Limited and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed 
in press or media without specific and written consent. 
Let me draw your attention to the fact that on the call, our discussions will include certain forward-
looking statements, which are predictions, projections or other estimates about future events. These 
estimates reflect management’s current expectations of future performance of the company. Please 
note that these estimates involve several risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to 
differ materially from what is expressed or implied. Divi’s Labs or its officials does not undertake 
any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of future events 
or otherwise. 
Now, I hand over the conference to Dr. Kiran Divi for Opening Remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to Divi’s Laboratories Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call. Thank 
you all for joining us today. I hope you and your families are safe and in good health. 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
3 
 
As we convene to review our fourth quarter and full year financial performance, I’d like to take a 
few moments to reflect on our broader operational progress and strategic initiatives as we wrap up 
fiscal year 2025.  
This year has been marked by significant external volatility, geopolitical uncertainties, persistent 
global supply chain constraints and continued pricing pressures, particularly in our generic segment 
due to heightened competition. These challenges tested our resilience and demanded nimbleness in 
how we operate. 
I am proud to share that our teams across the globe grow to the occasion, by implementing targeted 
pricing strategies, process optimization measures and enhancing our responsiveness to market 
dynamics. Hence, we were able to ensure seamless and timely delivery of product to our customers 
without ever compromising on quality. This operational discipline has enabled us to complete FY25 
stronger, more agile and better prepared for the future. 
Let me now walk you through the Key Performance of our Key Business Verticals –  
Starting with our Generic Business:While pricing headwinds remain a persistent challenge, we have 
successfully maintained stable volumes in all our core products. The competitive intensity in the 
market continues to be high. However, Divi’s sustained its leadership position by constantly investing 
in process innovation, operational efficiency and long-term capability and capacity building. These 
efforts reinforce our position as a dominant player in the industry. 
Turning to our Custom Synthesis Segment: We are witnessing strong and sustained momentum in 
this business. Customers engagement level remains high with a healthy uptick in RFPs and regular 
site visits, reinforcing our stature as a Partner of Choice in the CDMO space. A significant recent 
highlight was the signing of a long-term manufacturing and supply agreement for an advanced 
intermediates with a leading global pharmaceutical company. This partnership not only strengthens 
our presence in custom synthesis space but also opens new avenues for our innovation-led growth. 
Coming to our peptide business: Our peptide business is gaining significant traction as a global 
demand for novel peptide-based therapies including GLP-1’s, GIPs and GLP-2 analogs, continue to 
accelerate. To address this rising demand, we have made strategic investments in both solid-phase 
and liquid-phase synthesis capabilities. These investments will be instrumental in expanding our 
offerings and sustaining our competitive edge in this rapidly evolving therapeutic area. 
Our progress in Contrast Media segment remains steady and encouraging. We continue to invest in 
expanding our capacity and capabilities in this high growth market as we work towards becoming a 
leading player in this space. 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
4 
 
On the manufacturing front: I am pleased to share that construction and commissioning activity at 
our Unit-III facility near Kakinada are progressing as per schedule. Phased production has already 
commenced, supporting our backward integration strategy and enhancing our capability to manage 
input costs effectively. 
In parallel, we continue to invest in next-generation technologies such as Continuous Flow Chemistry 
and Biocatalysis, both which are integral to our strategy for sustainable and scalable small molecules 
manufacturing. 
Beyond our business and operational achievements, we remain deeply committed to create long-term 
value for our communities we serve. Our Corporate Social Responsibility initiative this quarter 
continues to focus on core areas of education, healthcare and rural empowerment. I am proud to share 
that these efforts have positively impacted over 1.3 million lives this year alone, truly a testament to 
our belief that inclusive growth is the foundation of sustainable success. 
In conclusion, this quarter underscores our continued focus on strengthening our fundamentals 
through capacity expansion, technological innovation and proactive risk management. Despite the 
complex global environment, our integrated efforts across generics, custom synthesis, peptides and 
emerging growth areas supported by resilient procurement and logistical strategies, placed us in a 
strong position to capitalize on future opportunities and enhance our competitiveness in global 
market. 
Thank you once again for your time and continued support. I will now hand over the call to Ms. 
Nilima Prasad Divi, who will walk you through the Financial Highlights for Q4 ‘25 and provide an 
outlook for the Full Year-ended March 31, 2025. Thank you. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Divi’s Laboratories Q4 FY25 Earnings Call. It’s a 
pleasure to connect with you today and I appreciate you taking the time to join us. I hope you and 
your families are in good health and high spirits. 
Before we dive into financial performance for the year, I would like to begin with a detailed update 
on our supply chain and logistics operations, areas that have played a critical role in ensuring business 
continuity and customer satisfaction in a volatile global environment. 
Let me start with the Procurement and Raw Material Sourcing Landscape: 
This quarter we witnessed relative stability in raw material pricing, which is an encouraging sign 
given the fluctuations seen in the previous quarters. Our multi-source procurement strategy spanning 
suppliers from across the US, European Union, Middle East and Asia, while promoting domestic 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
5 
 
sources, has continued to serve us well, ensuring consistent availability of key inputs and insulating 
us from regional disruptions. This geographical diversification remains a cornerstone of our supply 
resilience.  
However, while pricing remains stable, global transit times were notably impacted by persistent 
disruptions in maritime routes. Specifically, the security situation in the Red Sea has necessitated 
widespread rerouting of cargo vessels around the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa. This alternate 
route has extended lead times for shipments from both the US and Europe by approximately two to 
three weeks, creating ripple effect across planning, production and cost structures. 
In response, we have taken several proactive measures. Our teams have intensified inbound logistics 
planning, optimize safety stock levels and work closely with suppliers to implement contingency 
sourcing models. These efforts are designed to mitigate delays and ensure continuity of raw material 
inflows, thereby minimizing any operational impact. 
Looking ahead, we expect this proactive approach combined with continued price and supply 
stability to keep our procurement environment favorable over the next two quarters. 
Shifting focus to Outbound Logistics: The Red Sea disruptions have not only affected inbound 
shipments but have also significantly influenced our global delivery timelines. Vessel diversions and 
increased congestion at transshipment ports have resulted in extended shipping times and elevated 
freight costs, especially to key markets such as European Union, the United States and Latin America. 
To tackle these challenges, our logistics and supply chain teams have adopted a pro-active customer-
centric approach. We are working in close coordination with reliable freight forwarders, securing 
container space well in advance, and maintaining regular transparent communication with customers 
through timely sea trade updates. This enables our partners to plan their inventory and production 
schedule with greater confidence despite prevailing global uncertainties. 
We have also enhanced our tracking capabilities, allowing us to monitor each shipment closely and 
respond swiftly to any unforeseen disruptions. This end-to-end visibility has significantly improved 
our service reliability and allowed us to maintain a high degree of fulfillment assurance across our 
markets. 
Looking ahead to the first quarter of FY2026, we anticipate that sea freight rates will remain broadly 
stable. However, we do expect air freight charges to gradually normalize in alignment with the 
revised transit expectations and improved route predictability. Our logistics team will continue to 
monitor these trends closely and make tactical adjustments where necessary. 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
6 
 
In conclusion, despite an increasingly complex global trade environment, Divi’s Laboratories 
remains well-positioned to navigate these challenges. Our continued emphasis on strategic sourcing, 
agile inventory management and reliable logistics execution ensures that we are able to support our 
customers efficiently without disruption while preserving operational agility and cost- effectiveness. 
I will now provide you with an “Overview of Financial Performance for the 4th Quarter of Financial 
Year 2024-25 and the Financial Year-ended on 31st March 2025.” We have achieved a consolidated 
total income of Rs.2,671 crores for the current quarter as against the consolidated total income of 
Rs.2,382 crores for the corresponding quarter of previous year. 
Profit before tax for the current quarter is Rs.864 crores as against a PBT of Rs.713 crores for the 
corresponding quarter of previous year. Profit after tax for the quarter is Rs.662 crores as against a 
PAT of Rs.538 crores for the corresponding quarter of previous year. 
For the current quarter, we have a Forex gain of Rs.10 crores as against a Forex loss of Rs.2 crores 
for the corresponding quarter of previous year. 
For the year 2024-25, we have earned a consolidated total income of Rs.9,712 crores as against 
Rs.8,184 crores for the previous financial year. PBT for the current financial year is Rs.2,916 crores 
as against Rs.2,163 crores for the previous financial year. PAT for the current financial year is 
Rs.2,191 crores as against Rs.1,600 crores for the previous financial year. 
For the current financial year, we have a Forex gain of Rs.48 crores against a gain of Rs.30 crores 
for the previous financial year. 
Material consumption remains at about 40% of the sales revenue for the current as well as the 
previous financial years. Our constant currency growth for the current financial year has been at 18%, 
whereas it was negative 2% for the previous financial year. 
Export for the current financial year remains at about 88% of the total sales revenue. Export to Europe 
and the US accounted to 73% of the total sales revenue for the current financial year and 70% of the 
total sales revenue for the previous financial year. 
Product mix for Generics to Custom Synthesis for current financial year is 46% and 54% respectively. 
Product mix for Generics to Custom Synthesis for current quarter is 49% and 51% respectively. 
Our Nutraceutical business amounted to Rs.781 crores for the current financial year and Rs.205 
crores for quarter-ended 31st March 2025. 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
7 
 
We have capitalized assets of Rs.560 crores during the current quarter, of which assets capitalized 
for Kakinada project amounted to Rs.337 crores. We have capital work-in progress of Rs.1,022 crores 
as at 31st March 2025, of which Kakinada project accounts to Rs.562 crores. Total amount spent on 
Kakinada project, including assets capitalized and advances given till 31st March 2025 is Rs.1,497 
crores. As of 31st March 2025, we have cash on books of Rs.3,696 crores, receivables of Rs.2,855 
crores and inventory of Rs.3,033 crores. Thank you. 
M Satish Choudhury: 
Thank you Madam. With this we would request the Moderator to open the lines for Q & A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and--answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Surya Narayan Patra from Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Surya N Patra: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the good set of numbers in the difficult time. My 
first question is on the growth number that we have witnessed on the generic business front. 
Interestingly, after kind of a two-year period, we are seeing a kind of strong momentum in the generic 
business both sequentially as well as YoY. And similarly, if I just comparatively see that even the 
margins also had seen a similar improvement, the exit rate for the quarter is strongest in the last two 
year period. So, how should we see this the generic growth, whether it is driven by the price rise and 
whether that has contributed to the overall margin scenario here? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
As I have mentioned during my speech, right now, the generic performance itself is at a high 
competition level whereby we have continuous pricing pressure in the generic side. As market share 
continues, we are still a dominant player in the market, and we continue to play that role. In terms of 
new molecules that are being coming off-patent, as and when they come off-patent, we will start 
producing them and slowly start building our shares. 
Surya N Patra: 
And regards the margin scenario, sir, that we are seeing the exit rate for the quarter in terms of either 
gross margin or even the EBITDA margin, it is, I think one of the strongest number over the last two-
year period. So how should one think going ahead or it is just a quarter-specific product mix that is 
driving this number or how should one going ahead think about the margin scenario? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
This is mainly to do with the product mix that we have and it would keep changing quarter-on-
quarter. So, I would recommend like looking at it on a yearly basis rather than just focusing on one 
quarter. 
Surya N Patra: 
Okay. Just last question from my side is that, see in the last one year period, obviously, we have seen 
a significant pricing trend in the RFQs for the CDMOs generally. Obviously, that was supported by 
the potential implementation of the Biosecure Act, China Plus One and those kind of things. But 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
8 
 
now, those kind of things are now in the back stage. So any practical change in terms of your RFQs 
or the customer engagement, although that you have indicated there is a heightened engagement that 
is still there. But since we are completing the financial year, any commentary that you can provide 
for the next year in terms of your outlook or guidance or anything on that front? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Firstly, we have always been in the CS business, custom synthesis business right from the inception. 
It’s not something that we started after China Plus One or the Biosecure Act has started, our business 
was there. We’ve been in this business even before anyone has ever been in it. So for us, RFQs, RFPs 
coming in on a continuous basis is always there. With the Biosecure Act or China Plus One, we are 
seeing a little more than what we have seen before. And we have several products in the pipeline, 
some are going through R&D phases, some are in pilot scales right now. So it’s hard for us to put a 
finger on it because of confidentiality. But what I can say is Divi’s is very strong in the custom 
synthesis business as well as the generic side of the business. 
Surya N Patra: 
Sure, sir. Yeah, I have a couple more. I will come in the queue, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. Please go 
ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question. My first question you know just understanding the gross margin 
expansion that we have seen. While I understand you mentioned the product mix, but has the 
backward integration, given the Kakinada that just commissioned, has the backward integration from 
Kakinada started already helping gross margins or would that take time to reflect and that’s 
something that we should build in going forward? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So Kakinada definitely, we started in January; the production and the backward integrated material 
has slowly come into the product. So we will see the benefits going in the future as Phase-I and 
slowly we will start constructing Phase-II where we will add additional blocks. Definitely, we will 
see benefits that’s coming in. But Kakinada more than creating space or controlling our price, the 
main reason of having Kakinada is for having continuous supply of our own raw materials and our 
critical starting materials. So, to avoid any disruption in supply for us, to have continuous supply for 
our customers, is why Kakinada also started, apart from pricing and controlling our impurity profiles 
and several other factors. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. And if I have to also think about Kakinada’s impact on earnings, would it be fair to 
assume that it will take a couple of quarters for Kakinada to become like an EBITDA-neutral from a 
cost versus the benefit from Kakinada, would that be a right way to look at it? 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
9 
 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
I would rather instead of looking at Kakinada as a single unit because see the raw material or the 
starting material it’s producing goes straightly into one of the units where GMP material is being 
produced. So we have to look at the molecule as a whole. We cannot look at the molecule into 
separate unit and then break it up. So as a whole, yes, there will be a benefit. I would look at it more 
as a company and then look at the molecule being manufactured in different areas. 
Neha Manpuria: 
My second question is just understanding our peptide capabilities, just wanting to know if we’ve 
expanded these capabilities to non-GLP-1 areas as well? And just an extended question is on the 
capabilities. If I look at presence across other modalities, are we targeting ADCs or even nucleotides, 
any updates that we can give on the capabilities that we are developing in terms of client interest on 
custom synthesis? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Could you just repeat your question again please? 
Neha Manpuria: 
So first is on peptides, do we have capabilities that extend outside of GLP, are they extending even 
to non-GLP areas and also are we focusing on ADCs or nucleotides, when should we start seeing 
there, are investments that we are making there based on client RFPs? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So to answer about the peptides, we are right now looking at peptides only for manufacturing for the 
innovators and looking at their pipelines and working with them. As you know, Divi’s is very strong 
in manufacturing their individual peptides and protected amino acids and that is how which we have 
entered about 18-years ago and that’s why we are now entering into manufacturing fragments either 
by solid-phase or by liquid-phase, I cannot comment more on these because I am bound by 
confidentiality, so I can only talk about that we are working with several customers and at several 
phases right now. Divi’s has actively invested in both solid-phase and liquid-phase so that, as and 
when required, we can support customer requirements. Coming to your ADCs and nucleotides, it’s 
still in the preliminary phases right now. I cannot comment too much on those molecules. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dr. Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie. Please go 
ahead. 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. One more strategic question. Several of the large pharma 
companies in the US have announced large capital expenditure to kind of reshore the manufacturing. 
So, how are you viewing this announcement in context of overall industry growth rate and 
specifically, do you read across for Divi’s since we kind of work with all these large pharma 
companies? And recently, because of this, have you seen any change in conversations that you are 
having with these companies? 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
10 
 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So as you know, Divi’s is in both custom synthesis, custom also includes peptides or if you look at 
we are in contrast media, generics. Any business related to custom synthesis is based on a long-term 
contract. It is not like we just jump in, make something and then we forget. So, we have long-term 
multi-year contracts with structures in it; and we are seeing new opportunities in the pipeline. We do 
not see any issues at this point. But if something arises, of course, we will definitely know. As of 
now we don’t see anything. 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. And the second one on the GLP-1 portfolio that we have with multiple innovators. Would you 
say that our portfolio would extend beyond peptide GLP-1s, we would have some non-peptide or 
maybe small molecule GLP-1s also in the portfolio? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Like I told you in my presentation, Divi’s is working on GLP-1s, GIPs, GLP-2 analogs and on small 
molecules and we are very active with different customers at different phases… they are at different 
phases in our development or in our advancement. 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
And lastly, if I can just ask one more on the Kakinada plant, I think we are more or less done through 
phase-1. So one part is how much we can scale here, how many phases we should expect, you know 
whether it’s a 3-Phase journey, five phase journey? And In terms of whatever phase-1 that we have 
commercialized, what proportion of that is as percentage of total phase-1 capacity? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So Kakinada is a total of 500 acres. In 500 acres we have occupied about Phase-I we have used 200 
acres and we have built production blocks which about seven of them which will help us in taking 
care of certain raw materials so that it helps us in our backward integration. Apart from this, it will 
also free some of our existing blocks in our Unit-I and Unit-II; thereby we can add certain molecules 
and manufacture GMP products, while Kakinada goes through its own regulatory phase. We still 
have 300 acres. Based on the requirement in the market and opportunities we see, we will expand, it 
can be either in two phases, maybe it will be Phase-II and III, or it will be in one phase you may use 
the remaining 300 acres. Everything is based on the opportunities we have and when for example in 
a CS molecule will come to life and we need space immediately, of course we have to invest and 
move forward. 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
 Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Just the first one on the announcement in April 
and also from last April, right, similar kind of amounts like Rs.700- crores odd that was a long-term 
supply agreement, this is again a long-term supply agreement. Can you just compare in Contrast? I 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
11 
 
don’t know whether you put out anything on the last year, but this year was advanced intermediates. 
So, if you could help us, I know you are not going to call out the names but just want to understand, 
why not API in this one?. So just to compare in Contrast the type of announcements, these are the 
largest two announcements we have done, so just wanted to understand the qualitative color? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
That’s quite a difficult question because I am bound by confidentiality. Both are related to CS 
projects. Yes, the recent one is an advanced intermediate, the one before all I can say is it is an active 
API. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Helpful Kiran. In your opening remarks, you alluded two projects in the latest announcement to say 
it has opened new avenues of growth. Can you like double click? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Could you repeat your question again please? 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
So, Kiran, in your opening remarks, when you talked about the second announcement, you said that 
this had opened more avenues of growth on the innovation side. So what do you mean? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So within the peptide division or if you look at our existing… new chemistry development like 
continuous flow chemistry, this is a new thing that several customers are looking at and also on 
biocatalysis where we have been investing heavily and this is where most of the innovation and new 
molecules are coming from, so that’s what I meant by new opportunities. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Understood. Thank you. Just the second question is on the financials. So if you look at full year Fiscal 
‘25 versus Fiscal ‘24, EBITDA margins have gone from 29% to 32%, gross margins have been flat, 
but the biggest delta has come from other expenses, which is excluding wages I am talking about 
which has come down by 250, 300 basis points. So if you could explain like what is driving and 
that’s been the case for the quarter as well, so just want to understand what are we doing right to keep 
other expenses to actually in fact declining for the year when we had like 18%, 19% growth? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Can you just repeat your question again? The voice was not pretty clear. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Srinivasan, I would request you to use your handset, sir. Voice is muffled. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes, sure. The question was on other expenses. Other expenses as a percentage of sales last year was 
17% and this year was 14%. This is despite we are having 18% constant currency growth. So just 
want to understand what is driving this operating leverage. 
Moderator: 
I am sorry, ma’am, you are not audible. 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
12 
 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
So, I would say the major driver behind it could be like quite a few things, it’s not just one thing that 
has led to the other expenses being the way it is. It could be from various expenses, it’s not just one 
expense that I could put my finger on. We did have higher repairs on the older plant and machinery 
considering some of the units are about three decades old. And besides that, there has been an increase 
in freight and travel expenditures and as well as the environment management expenses. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
So the costs have come down, not gone up. I am just confused. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
These are the ones that have made all the changes. That’s what I was trying to say. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Understood. And then lastly, any guidance for the revenue and EBITDA for Fiscal ‘26? Thank you. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
The revenue guidance, as I would say like I have said earlier, we would always look at double-digit 
growth and we would always assume, and our work would always be towards making sure the 
organization grows at a consistent pace of double-digit growth. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
 Thank you. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amay from JM Financials. Please go ahead. 
Amay: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Most of the questions are answered. So one incremental 
question is on GLP-1. We said that we are only working with innovators. So, next year, which the 
generic opportunity in the Semaglutide which is opening up, so are we not going to participate in that 
opportunity? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi:: 
Like I said, we are working with innovators on several phases. As of now, we are not looking at 
working with GLP-1s at the generic space. 
Amay: 
And any rationale behind is it because we are bound by the contract with the innovator, or you believe 
that it’s not lucrative enough to enter? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
See, as of now, I am bound by confidentiality. It is whether I am producing for innovator, I mean, 
based on our knowledge, knowhow and everything, we believe we are best suited now to work on 
innovative molecules in the GLP space. 
Amay: 
Sure. For the innovator space, because the products have been there in the market for a while now, 
so is there any wallet share being committed to us by the customer or like how are we thinking about 
that? 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
13 
 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So like I said, because we have long-term supply agreements with several customers. Apart from the 
ones which are also in the market, you also have to understand, there are several molecules in the 
pipeline at various phases, GLP-1s, GIPs, GLP-2s in place which are in various stages of 
development where we are active; and we will see as and when opportunities grow we have long-
term contracts in place and we will see how it forms out. 
Amay: 
Sure. And the next question I have on the next year, we have given the double-digit growth guidance. 
So within segments, do you expect API also to grow in double-digit, the generic segment? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I cannot comment on that. I would say the overall revenue of the organization would be 
approximately double-digit growth. 
Amay: 
Sure. Thank you so much. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question 
is with regards to your investments on the new project. You talked about GLP-1, GIPs and GLP-2 
products. So, in terms of whatever you have spent in terms of your capacity addition, any color if 
you could provide to us what is the investments done into this space so far? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Can you repeat the last part of your question? 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Yes. My question was with regards to the capital investment, which you would have done for your 
newer projects which include GLP-1s and other opportunities. 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
We haven’t classified it as a particular investment towards GLP-1s because several of the equipments 
could be used both for the API or other custom products or GLP-1s. So we haven’t classified it in 
particular saying that this is only a GLP-1 based situation. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Okay. Next one is on the two new projects which you have announced on the CS side. So, any color 
on when the revenue generation would start from these plants? And secondly, with the quantum of 
investment what you have done, any of this project could it be in line with what the opportunity you 
would have seen during the COVID time? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Firstly, this is a long-term opportunity is how I would put it which are quite promising molecules. 
Number 2, we completely depend on the regulatory approvals of our customers, once we produce 
our commercial batches. So maybe by 2026 end, or 2027 is when we hope to see commercialization 
of these projects. 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
14 
 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Understood. Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Hi, good afternoon. Most of my questions are answered. Just one. What would be the CAPEX for 
the coming financial year? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
It would be mainly the projects that have been announced this particular financial year, would be the 
additional CAPEX that we are expecting. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
So sorry, so that is around Rs.1,400 crores if I get it correct, plus some maintenance CAPEX? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Yes, so it would be Rs.1,400 crores plus some maintenance CAPEX, I mean, that would be the one 
that we would be looking forward to. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Got it. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Hi, sir, thanks for taking my question. Sir, on the two long-term contracts, by when would the 
commercial impact of these two contracts likely to be visible? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I think there would be around late 2026, early 2027 we would be seeing the impact of those, but this 
is also subject to when the regulatory approvals would take place. It’s not just the CAPEX that we 
need to look into, but one is the CAPEX, but also when we start manufacturing, we need to also get 
regulatory approvals, so that would take time as well. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Just to clarify, this calendar year ‘26 end that you are talking about, right? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Yes, we are talking about sometime in 3rd Quarter end of 2026 or 4th Quarter or January of 2027 
around that time hopefully if all regulatory approvals come in place. 
Nitin Agarwal:: 
And just secondly on Kakinada, how much incremental CAPEX have we planned for the first phase? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Currently Phase-II, we haven’t planned anything, we are still in the phase one and we are working 
on, like based on the newer opportunities we are getting and how we are planning, we are still 
working on how to go about Phase-II, we haven’t started anything in Phase-II. 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
15 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
In Phase-I, we’ve spent almost Rs.1,497 crores so far. How much more are we intending to spend in 
Phase-I? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
About Rs.200 crores is what we are looking at Phase-I. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lakshmi Narayan from Tunga Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Thank you. So what I understand is the success of our company is dependent on three aspects; one is 
production, one is research and third is the client development or the business development/sales, 
right. Now, while on the first angle, we had mentioned the capacity. Just want to understand in the 
last two, three years, how have you beefed up your research capabilities and also your front end sales 
capabilities? That’s my first question. My second question is that qualitatively how do you think the 
next three years is going to be far better than the past few years, and can you just help me understand 
what are the two or three things as investors we should look for and what gives you confidence that 
the next three years is going to be better than the last three years? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I will answer your second question first. We have always been a conservative organization. We have 
not been extremely competitive or extremely proactive in sharing our numbers or revenues or growth 
so because we believe in being conservative in the way we project, and we would want to deliver 
what we promised. So my stand on that would be, as I said earlier, we would be thinking about having 
a double-digit growth for the next few years. Now, coming to your first question, we weren’t clear 
what the question is in the first place. So can you please repeat your question again? 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
My question is that success for a company like us comes from three different parts in my view; one 
is the production capability, second is the research capabilities and third are your sales/client mining 
capabilities, right? While on the first one, you have outlined kind of capital expenditure you have 
incurred in the last couple of years.  just want to understand at least in the last two or three years, 
how have you enriched our research capabilities, some kinds of a quantitative or qualitative feedback 
would be helpful, which means that we have increased our workforce and research or we have 
actually got into two or three new areas, that could be one way to think about it. And the last is from 
a client mining capabilities, how have we beefed up our you know front end or so-called front-end 
workforce? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Okay. So coming to research and development, we have always been very proactive and yet being 
very, very smart in grabbing opportunities, which has been one of our biggest strengths. I mean, If 
you ask what Divi’s has done in the last two, three years and for the years going forward, we have 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
16 
 
been very active in peptide chemistry, we have been very active in fragments, then we have gone into 
solid-phase peptide synthesis, liquid-phase peptide synthesis. Apart from this, we have gone into 
flow chemistry, biocatalysis. So we are constantly looking at opportunities and discoveries and 
innovations across the world understanding what technologies are available and how it is helping us 
in our own manufacturing by increasing either our yields or going towards green chemistry or we are 
looking at atom-to-atom efficiency, looking at all these factors is one of the Divi’s biggest strength. 
If you look at customer base what have we done, our reputation as one of the top CDMO for being 
on-time delivery for someone who has supplied material with zero recalls and on-time delivery and 
maintaining our commitment itself gives us a lot of credibility in the market whereby several 
customers approach us and we have continuous business and continued molecules which keep 
coming to us. 
Lakshmi Narayan:  
Got it. Okay. And in terms of your sales or the mining team, how have you enriched that particular 
part? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
I didn’t get your question. What were you trying to ask? 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Like what I understand is we keep going deeper with their end client in terms of their research and 
trying to understand what are the products there are there, what are the molecules they are coming 
out with and so we are actually proactively looking at it and so in that count, how have we increased 
our sales force or the client development activities qualitatively in the last two, three years? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So to answer this right, Divi’s has been in custom synthesis from the from the inception, it’s not that 
it’s something new we started today where I have to develop my BD and then give them incentives 
and ask them how to move forward. Like I explained to you, our reputation is where we have been 
given opportunities with several of our existing and new customers. We have already been working 
with several multinationals, it’s not something today that I am developing this story, I mean, if you 
go back even 10 years or 15 years, our CS business worth 50% of our total revenue. To answer this 
question, our teams are already in place, there’s nothing new about it. 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you for a detailed answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav T from Antique Stockbroking. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav T: 
Hi, good afternoon and congratulations to the team for every accomplishment. We understand the 
confidentiality nature of the custom synthesis business, you can’t talk about clients or products, but 
any insight that we can get in terms of the quantum of total order book contracted which is yet to be 
executed? 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
17 
 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I am sorry we cannot comment much about that particular kind of numbers. 
Gaurav T: 
Any insight on how that Contracted backlog has been growing over the last two, three years? I respect 
that you can’t disclose the number, but any growth trends historically? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
See, historically and as well as in the future, what we’ve seen so far has been a double-digit growth 
year-on-year, be it generics or our revenue as a whole or custom synthesis. So, that’s something that 
we also expect to see in the future, its the double-digit growth. 
Gaurav T: 
Okay. Just in terms of understanding the sales cycle from RFP to contracting in the custom synthesis 
business how long can that take from contracting to revenue accretion start, typically what’s the 
timeline we can see, some kind of insights on your sales cycle please, if that’s possible? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So just to give a brief about it, right, so when you get an RFP, it could be a Phase-I, Phase-II, Phase-
III. You don’t know which phase is the molecule first. So once you get an RFP, the time cycle of 
what the customer is expecting, then his regulatory approvals, then our regulatory approvals, whether 
the lifecycle of the molecule is going to go through. So typically, once you get an RFP, it could be 
anywhere that we have seen RFPs where we launched it and got it commercialized within one and a 
half to two years as an aggressive RFP to all the way we have seen an RFP, which we even took 
about six, seven years. So it’s hard to comment because there’s not a fixed timeline, it completely 
depends on the nature of the molecules, the approvals from the regulatory bodies and how interested 
the agencies are in getting this product into the market. So there are several factors entangled into it. 
We are only a part of it who only manufacture the active ingredient and then supply to innovators 
who has to take it much, much forward. So it’s a complete matrix. It’s very hard for me to say it goes 
in certain times. But what I can say is we have executed projects within two years’ time and there 
were also times where even some projects even took six to seven years. 
Gaurav T: 
Thank you. I will come back in the queue. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Hello! I have two questions. So in the initial comment, Nilima mentioned that there are still issues at 
the logistics side and it’s taking time and all. But if I look at our inventory build up over last four 
years since Molnupiravir sales, our inventory was held around Rs.2,800, Rs.3,000 crores; and this 
year we’ve hit the highest sales, but still our inventory is around Rs.3,000 crores. So how should we 
see it? One way to look at it is that you see the RM environment or the material environment on the 
pricing side and availability side easing a lot, which is why you are not building a larger inventory, 
how should we understand here? 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
18 
 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
If you see the sales that are going up but also our portfolio is increasing over a span of many products 
and we are also maintaining the raw materials based on the entire product portfolio, and if you are 
seeing from the time we are looking at Molnupiravir, from that time, there has been some or the other 
crisis be with respect to COVID or be it with respect to China or be it with respect to the logistics, 
we have been constantly facing pressure with respect to various factors. So based on the product mix, 
the kind of raw material that requires attention, we’ve been stocking those kind of raw materials for 
the product mix we have. 
Nikhil: 
Would it be right to say that going forward as we clock a double-digit revenue growth, like as a 
percentage of sales this is the kind of inventory level we would like to keep because in initial year 
between ‘23-24 we hit almost 40%, 45% of inventory versus our sale which today on our year-ending 
sales is around 30%. So is this like a normalization on the working capital side? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
It’s difficult to comment on this. I wouldn’t normalize it. I would say it would depend on the products 
that we are manufacturing, whether it is a large molecule or is it a small molecule project or is it a 
combination of which particular unit we are manufacturing it from and is the material available 
domestically, are we developing new sources that are manufacturing locally within the country or are 
we forced to procure only from international sources. So, it all depends on various aspects. But if you 
ask me what my wishful thinking is, I would love to maintain a lean inventory. I wouldn’t want to 
have lot of inventory stocks, I would definitely want to have a lean inventory wherein I can implement 
more of just in time and have it just source what I am manufacturing at that point in time. 
Nikhil: 
Sure. Second question is, see, if I look at our last 15-years we’ve been doing this CSM business for 
almost 20, 25 years now and we always had a good relationship with the top-20 pharma companies. 
But prior to COVID, we never had dedicated blocks, all our plants used to manufacture all our 
products. But since the time of Molnupiravir, this is like in a way saying this is like third or two 
molecules, which are where we are going for dedicated blocks. So, what I am trying to understand is 
what are the underlying guardrails on which we decide whether we will go for a dedicated block or 
not and is it a quantum of business size which we want to go for like tomorrow if someone comes 
and says for a Rs.300, 400 crores kind of a top line, even there we will go for a dedicated block. Just 
some idea if you can share what are your guardrails and what are your benchmarks on which you 
decide whether we go for a dedicated block or not? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I would say that we did have dedicated blocks way back if it is a product of large volume and where 
we are manufacturing throughout the year and we did have multi-purpose blocks for the products 
that are smaller volume, we would take advantage of the facility by doing campaign-based 
production. However, I don’t think we ever mentioned that we are setting up dedicated blocks for the 
expansion plan. We said we are going to invest a certain CAPEX of certain value but we have never 
mentioned that it’s a dedicated block. 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
19 
 
Nikhil: 
Okay. So even for the two new molecules, the Rs.700, Rs. 800 crores CAPEX we announced, these 
would all be multi-purpose plants like this is not dedicated for any customer? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Since these products are mainly custom synthesis projects, I am not at a liberty to divulge on 
information, I would refrain from answering that question. 
Nikhil: 
Sure. Thanks. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Satish Choudhury for closing comments. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
M Satish Choudhury: 
Thank you all for joining us today for the Earnings Call of Divi’s Laboratories Limited. In case you 
need any further clarifications, please reach out to our investor relations. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Divi’s Laboratories Limited, that concludes 
this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
