 
 
 
 
Date: May 22, 2025  
 
 
                   
 
  VCL/SE/20/2025-26 
 
To 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 516072 
Through: BSE Listing Centre 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051  
Symbol: VISHNU 
Through: NEAPS 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on May 19, 2025 on Q4 and FY 2024-25 
Financial Results 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, enclosed please find transcript of the Earnings Call held on Monday, May 
19, 2025 on Q4 and FY 2024-25 financial results. 
 
Kindly take the same on record.   
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
 
Vibha Shinde  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Vibha 
Shinde
Digitally signed 
by Vibha Shinde 
Date: 2025.05.22 
13:06:35 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SIDDARTHA CHERUKURI – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – VISHNU CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. HANUMANT BHANSALI – VICE PRESIDENT – 
FINANCE & STRATEGY– VISHNU CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MEET VORA –EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
of Vishnu Chemicals Limited hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Meet Vora from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Meet Vora: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the earnings conference call of Vishnu 
Chemicals Limited for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2025. I would like to welcome 
the management and thank them for giving us this opportunity to host them. We have with us 
today, Mr. Siddartha Cherukuri, Joint Managing Director; and Mr. Hanumant Bhansali, Vice 
President, Finance. 
 
Before we begin this call, I would like to point out that the discussion during this call may 
contain forward-looking statements reflecting the company's current view of future events and 
their potential effect on Vishnu Chemicals' operating and financial performance. These 
statements involve uncertainties and risks, which could cause actual results to differ. The 
company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking 
statements. 
 
I shall now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, Siddartha. 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
Thank you Meet. Good morning everyone. We are quite pleased to deliver a robust growth in 
the revenue and profits combined with a deleveraged and cash-rich balance sheet during this 
financial year.  
I would like to share some fundamental highlights first. Let me start off with that.  
We are pleased to deliver 4 quarters of sequential revenue growth, achieving the highest ever 
operating revenue of INR1,446 crores in FY25. Net cash flow from operations has grown 
33.7% from INR68 crores in FY25 to INR80 crores in FY25, demonstrating our focus on cash 
flow and internal accruals. Our debt-to-equity ratio has also seen a reduction for 7 years in a 
row. It now stands at 0.37x.  
We acquired Ramadas Minerals in quarter 2 FY '24, the company has recouped 60% of the 
investment in Ramadas Minerals in just 6 quarters of operation. With the plant being 
operational, we have saved valuable time compared to embarking on a greenfield project, 
which otherwise would have taken longer. 
At Vishnu Chemicals, diversification is our strength and agility is the reason for our consistent 
performance. Sometimes, even with the right product and the right team, timing will make a 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
huge difference. We firmly believe that agility and diversification are more important now 
than ever before. 
 
We remain committed to our customer-first strategy while remaining focused on delivering 
industry-leading ROCE with our balanced investments across forward as well as backward 
integration. Lately, we have adopted an asset-light model that allows us to export to 50-plus 
countries sitting in India without the necessity of having an infrastructure in the geographies 
where we serve. At Vishnu Chemicals, we are collectively dedicated to improve the existing, 
execute the present and timely pivot in the future. Therefore, inspiring the best of the talent to 
take up manufacturing as a career of choice. 
 
In this direction, the company is investing in training its talent pool in with emerging 
technologies such as AI as we foresee a way of more agile, user-friendly and cost-effective 
tools capable of improving productivity. Moving forward, we are optimistic about our 
chemistry and positive about delivering value-accretive growth for our shareholders in FY26 
and beyond that. We'd like to express our gratitude to our customers, employees and 
shareholders for their continued support and faith on Vishnu Chemicals. 
 
Now I hand it over to Hanumant, who will provide insights on our financial performance. Over 
to you, Hanumant. 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Thank you Mr. Siddartha, and good morning everyone. Let me now share the financial 
highlights for the quarter Q4 FY25 and full year FY25.  
On a consolidated basis, the company recorded operating revenues of INR392.6 crores in Q4 
FY25, an increase of 31% on a Y-o-Y basis. The consolidated EBITDA in Q4 FY25 was 
INR64.1 crores, an increase of 1% on a Y-on-Y basis. The consolidated PAT in Q4 FY25 was 
the highest ever for the company, INR38.9 crores, an increase of 40% on a Y-on-Y basis. Q4 
FY25 EBITDA margins were 16.3% and PAT margins were 9.9%. 
 
For the full year FY25, the company recorded operating revenues of INR1,446.6 crores 
compared to INR1,212.6 crores in FY24, an increase of 19% on a Y-o-Y basis. Consolidated 
EBITDA was INR228.4 crores in FY25 compared to INR201.5 crores in FY24, an increase of 
13% on a Y-o-Y basis. Consolidated PAT was INR126.6 crores in FY25 compared to 
INR101.1 crores in FY24, an increase of 25% on a Y-on-Y basis. The company maintained 
healthy margins with an EBITDA margin of 15.8% and a PAT margin of 8.8% for the year. 
 
Consolidated domestic and export sales continued their upward trajectory in FY25, recording 
year-on-year growth of 22% and 16%, respectively. The company achieved a well-balanced 
mix of sales between domestic and exports in the ratio of 54:46 during the year.  
The company has maintained a strong and prudent financial position. The consolidated and 
standalone debt-to-equity ratio stood at 0.37 and 0.20 respectively. The consolidated current 
ratio was 1.7x, reflecting healthy liquidity. Cash and cash equivalents stood at INR80 crores, 
further strengthening our balance sheet. Return on capital employed for the year FY25 was a 
robust 19%. 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
The company has a continuous track record of paying dividends. The Board members of 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited have recommended a dividend of 15% on the face value of INR2 
per share, which is subject to shareholders' approval at the upcoming Annual General Meeting. 
 
With this, I now conclude my remarks. We can now commence the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Rohit Sinha: 
Congratulations for good set of numbers. So first question is on the gross margin side, 
especially for the stand-alone business. So as PPT mentioned that because of higher raw 
material prices and freight cost, gross margins have contracted. So how much increase was 
there in the chrome ore prices for this quarter? 
 
And how we should see this gross margin going forward in the next quarter as in the previous 
quarters, we have been maintaining more than 44%, 45% kind of gross margin consistently. So 
this was some big drop in the gross margin. Hopefully, this should not continue, but how we 
should see going forward in this regard? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Yes, the Barium segment overall outperformed the Chromium segment in the current quarter. 
The margins in Chromium chemicals were temporarily impacted by overall higher raw 
material prices and higher freights, which led to a decline in the margins. I'd just like to 
highlight both on the gross margins as well as EBITDA margin side, just like last year's Q4 
FY24 was an outlier where we achieved 21% EBITDA margin. 
 
The current dip is also not reflective of the long-term trend and the 40-odd percent of gross 
margins that we have achieved is not a benchmark. From a full year perspective, our stand-
alone gross margins remain healthy at around 42 %. And going forward, we are again focused 
on taking it to around 44%, 45% levels with support from value addition and also stabilization 
that we will expect to see in the export markets. 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
Yes, I'd like to add to it, what Hanumant said that is quite structural. With improved 
procurement and stabilizing of input costs, which we are already witnessing and stronger 
export demand moving forward, we expect the margins to rebound back to 45% range, which 
were relatively consistent over the last 4 years, in the coming quarters. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. Okay. Great. Secondly, on our subsidiary side, I think there's -- obviously, there's a 
strong performance in the subsidiaries business. So if we separate the subsidiary EBITDA 
margin comes out somewhere around 32%, 33%, I guess. So how to see, again, going forward, 
how much is this sustainable for us? And secondly, after this Jayanshree Pharma coming into 
picture, how much revenue addition we should see as well as on the margin side, how should 
be the picture in the coming year, FY26, especially? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
Yes. So I understand these are two different questions. One is regarding the Barium 
outperformance. I think it's not purely based on where the market and how the market is. It's 
also the kind of efforts we have put into in terms of backward integration. Our investment into 
Ramadas Mineral has supported this EBITDA margin growth. 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
And at the same time, the customer approvals in Barium Sulphate and robust demand and 
growth in paint industry added to it. And I can say this is not a one-off thing. Moving forward, 
we are going to continue seeing the growth. And definitely, the EBITDA margins would 
remain sustainable given where the end user industry and its outperformance in general. 
 
That's regarding the Barium outlook. Strontium, since it's going to be the first year of 
operations, I won't be able to give any kind of guidance in terms of what would be the 
operating level and kind of volumes we'll be able to get out during this first year of operation. 
 
So -- I mean, probably during the next call, I'll be able to comment. But we are -- we remain 
very positive given the fact that one of our competitors in Mexico have discontinued operating 
because of the fire accident there. So this gives us a good opportunity, and it will be a situation 
where the customer approval will be relatively fast than in a normal case. So we remain 
positive in terms of order approvals and order book moving forward in general. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. Okay. So just on this approval thing, so -- I mean, any timeline by when we should be 
expecting that approvals are ready with us, or the revenue should start kicking in? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
I would say H2 of this financial year, so starting off from October. So we are planning to start 
commercial production by June, mid of June. So some postoperative work will be there as well 
as stabilizing the product and getting the sample approved. With that being said, I think we are 
quite positive from H2 of this financial year, we'll be able to start the sales activity. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. Okay. One last question. Just on the volume side, if you can just highlight on the 
Barium and chromium side, what was the volume growth for FY25 on a full year basis, it will 
be okay. 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Thank you, Mr. Rohit, for the question. On the volume side, the growth in Chromium business 
was driven by nearly 9% increase in volumes through the year. And in Barium business, the 
growth was driven by close to about 30% increase in volumes in FY25. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Sudhir Bheda from Bheda Family Office. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Hearty congratulations to entire Vishnu team for delivering the highest ever net profit in the 
quarter. So congrats to you. Am I audible? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
Yes, very much audible, Mr. Sudhir. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Yes. My question is on the Chromium side, I think you have answered the question for the 
drop in the margin. Another question is like what is your outlook on the new development like 
mines which you have acquired, firstly? And secondly, chrome metal. So just wanted to 
understand the -- if you can throw some light on these two developments and -- or any other 
development which you are thinking of? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
Mr. Sudhir, am I audible? 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Yes, yes. 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
On the mining side, like I said, I mean, the things are progressing quite well. Currently, it's 
been reviewed by the authorities there. And we are hopeful that by September, October period, 
we'll be able to get our foot in and start producing. And with respect to... 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Both the mine and processing plant, both will start, maybe you are thinking to start in 
September, October, right? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
Indeed. Yes. While chrome metal, it remains our long-term strategy. At present, we focus in on 
commissioning strontium carbonate project. Once that is on track, we will revisit the chrome 
metal with clear road map because there are better opportunities out there. This could be done 
by us or in a partnership. 
 
So we are still considering  the way forward. So we are looking at more on a medium- to long-
term perspective. But this is definitely on cards, and we are -- we continue to work on this, 
keeping in mind that market demand and capital allocation, we should maintain some 
discipline for that. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Great. And sir, my last question is like once mine starts its full operation, maybe like 2026-27 
financial year. So how much saving do you expect in our raw material side? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
See, I mean, I won't be able to share a number in general, but definitely, it's going to improve 
the EBITDA, and that will give us leverage to be more aggressive in the market and have more 
customer wins as well as the operating levels and also support in terms of inventory days and 
working capital as well moving forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So my question is on Barium. So we see another round of EBITDA margin expansion in the 
quarter 4 and the absolute number also. Now if you look just a simple math, if you look at 
difference between consolidated and stand-alone, and we are at about INR80 crores, INR90 
crores of EBITDA on a balance sheet size of about INR290 crores for a product which is a 
certain pricing product, less than $1 product. 
 
So what is the sustenance of these type of ROICs in Barium? Are any capacities emerging or 
any supply source emerging in Barium, which can challenge the continuation of margin? Or do 
you have any outlook otherwise, specifically on Barium? Because now if you see the ROICs of 
Barium is far higher now versus Chromium as well. 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
Thank you, Mr. Pritesh. Sorry, are you done with your question? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Please go ahead. Please go ahead. 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
No, I hear you. We understand definitely Barium has outperformed. Like I said, it's not purely 
because of -- based on how the industry is performing and the backward integration of 
Ramadas, it really helped because it was an inorganic acquisition and stabilizing it took us 2 
quarters since we bought. So -- I mean, definitely, those numbers fell into the overall margin 
and improving of ROCEs. 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
Also, the Barium Sulphate per se, when we envisage this project, it was -- the idea was to 
balance it out between export and domestic, but where the industry outperformed and the 
demand which has come along, things have fallen into place. But definitely, we are not going 
to take things for granted in general. And the idea is -- in terms of competition, it's again 
subjective. 
 
So where we are today, what we are operating, we are working in an industry which is working 
-- capital as well as working capital intensive moving forward. And this is the chemistry which 
we have nurtured. So for any new entrants per se, it's going to be a learning curve and a very 
long learning curve for them. So that's what I can say. 
 
And with the kind of cost model we have with mineral processing, doing related value-added 
products, we will be the lowest cost producer in Barium, not just in India, even if I look at -- if 
my -- our numbers are right, but even compared to China, we are able to compete in the global 
market. 
 
One thing is to look at will we call it competition, that's one point and also look at China as an 
immediate peer, we are able to compete with them globally as well. We don't see them as a 
challenge at all in general. In spite of weaker macroeconomic conditions, still the ceramic 
industry, paint industry as well as building material industry remains to be resilient from our 
view. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So is it that -- so first of all, I want to clarify, so when we look at the quarter 4 number, 
basically, it's based on 60,000 tons of Barium capacity, correct? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
Also, I'd like to add when you spoke about ROCE, why these ROCEs are sustainable. We do 
expect margin to normalize slightly as capacity stabilize. At present, there is no significant 
new supply pressure. I mean, that's how we look at it. Our strength is and will remain in 
localized sourcing through Ramadas and efficient manufacturing setup, which gives us a cost 
edge moving forward. 
 
Looking ahead, to be honest, we remain focused on what we have done in chrome as well, 
right? The value-added grades, improving the spreads across the various applications. And I 
mean, this -- coming back to chrome, although you see year-on-year, there is a slight dip in the 
gross margin, with chrome mine coming in towards the end of this financial year, and the full 
impact you're going to see in FY26, I mean, we won't be surprised to see these numbers, 
similar numbers in chrome in the next financial year in FY27. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So sir, just one clarification. So Barium, what we are -- these numbers are based on 60,000 
tons of capacity that you had in quarter 4, correct? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
We have a total capacity of 90,000 tons in Barium. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So have you added any capacity in the ongoing year? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
No, we have not added any capacity. So we have a total of 90,000 tons in Barium. 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. 90,000 tons at what utilization level? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
We don't necessarily share the exact utilization levels. But just to share with you that in the 
current financial year, our capacity utilization in Barium vertical has been in the -- in mid-60s 
compared to FY24 capacity utilization in the mid-50s. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
No problem. This is -- so you had 90,000 tons available throughout the year, right? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So basically, between now and next 2 years, so you will have growth coming on Barium 
because you have capacity there, let's -from an EBITDA perspective and assuming that the 
margins don't change. Then you have the Chromium EBITDA growth. You have strontium 
carbonate, which adds to the number maybe next year because this year, you said that it won't 
materially contribute to the number. And then you have the chrome mines adding to EBITDA. 
In chrome mines, how much capital are you investing? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
So right now, we have not started investing any capital because it's still under statutory 
process. We are awaiting the clearances from the government of South Africa. So once the 
approvals are in place, then we will be able to envisage the investment required in chrome 
mine. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But you would have budgeted for some capital spend, right? You would know that... 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Yes. But because of -- yes, we do have a budget. Internally, we do have a budget. But because 
of the sensitivity of the acquisition, we won't be able to share anything with the shareholders at 
this point of time. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And the benefit of chrome mine will be available next year, right? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
That's right. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Will it 100% be captive, it will suffice to 100% requirement, or you'll still have to buy from 
the market? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
I would say probably if we consider next year as year 1, it will suffice about 70% to 80%. And 
year 2, we'll be going up to 90%. We always would like to have a second source just to 
maintain a balance in general. Even like 2, 3 years down, the idea is to source 90% from our 
mine and have a second source of 10% as well. And that's broadly our policy when it comes to 
any sourcing. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And the last thing is this Barium capacity, can it be used to what utilization level? Can it 
be 100% -- these capacities run at 100 % or they run at less than 100%? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
I mean, any inorganic chemical manufacturing, if it's operating at over 80%, that's a good 
operating. We don't see in general in any inorganic chemistry operation over 90%. It will be 
far stretched in a way. 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Sagar Jethwani from PhillipCapital PMS. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
What is the reason for the 51% jump in the power cost during the quarter? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Thank you for your question. Yes, the power cost increased by nearly INR5 crores in Q4 
FY25, primarily due to higher power consumption during the quarter. And the power costs are 
expected to normalize from the current quarter itself as we have seen generation from solar 
power improving and thereby reducing our costs. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
Yes. And also, if you can give some clarity on the growth and capex guidance for FY26 and 
any fundraising plans, any acquisition plan, if you can comment on that, please? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Sure. So just before I give a guidance, I'd like to share with our shareholders the capex and the 
investments that we have made in the last financial year. So in FY25, we spent INR88 crores at 
a consolidated level towards capex. And over and above this, we also spent on acquiring 
Jayansree Pharma for about INR51.99 crores. 
 
Of the INR88 crores that were spent on capex specifically, nearly INR28 crores were spent on 
Chromium Chemicals as a replacement capex and INR30 crores have been spent on our 
strontium chemistry, which is a work in progress and the balance was spent in Barium 
Chemicals. 
 
For the current financial year, we are -- as Mr. Siddartha explained, we are currently focused 
on commissioning the project of strontium carbonate. And then we will be able to share with 
the market about our investments across core and new chemistries for the current year. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
Any comments on the growth and acquisitions, if any? Also growth in FY26? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
On the growth side, yes, we are going to -- we are already investing in new chemistries as well 
as existing chemistries, and we are anticipating the growth of in the range of 15% to 20% on 
our top line. That will also translate into a better EBITDA for our company. We don't have any 
fundraising plans. As you have seen, our debt-to-equity levels are quite low at 0.37x. 
 
So any requirement of capital for our capex or investments will be fully available through our 
cash of nearly INR80 crores and debt. That will suffice our capex and investment requirement 
for now. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
Okay. And last question from my side, what kind of the cost benefit analysis -- cost benefit 
you see coming from the chrome mine in FY24 --27, sorry? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Due to the sensitivity of the transaction, it's very hard to share the numbers right now. Till the 
statutory clearances are there in place, we won't be able to quantify the savings with you. But 
yes, like we have shared in the concall that in the long term, the acquisition will help us not 
just secure our raw materials, but give us definitive clarity for a period of 25 to 30 years on our 
cost of goods sold and help us win more customers in the long run. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Ankur Bhadekar from ULJK Financial Services. 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Ankur Bhadekar: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. So a couple of questions from my side. One is on 
the Chromium segment. So what is the current pricing scenario for chrome? And how is the 
demand for the chrome segment shaping up in the export market? If you could give a sense on 
that? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
On the Chromium segment, pricing has remained stable to slightly soft in the recent months, 
especially in the export market largely due to cautious buying pattern and tighter inventory 
cycle by our customers among the geopolitical uncertainties. However, demand fundamentals 
remain relatively intact. 
 
We are seeing healthy traction coming from Europe and Southeast Asia. And with logistics 
cost easing and stability returning, we feel that export demand will gradually pick up, 
especially coming from North America, where there's a little bit of uncertainty, which we all 
are witnessing. 
 
Domestically, demand has remained relatively steady. And we are quite optimistic about a 
recovery in exports in H1 FY26, which should support both volumes and margins moving 
forward. This is how we look at it. 
Ankur Bhadekar: 
Okay. And how do you look at the business going forward in terms of like EBITDA margins 
or gross margins given your -- given all the backward integration plan that you are planning? If 
you could give any idea on that part? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
I'd like to reiterate what we've been saying. We won't be able to give a guidance on the 
EBITDA number, either on the percentage or the absolute value. But let me put it this way. We 
can see -- I mean, how Ramadas, the backward integration has supported the Barium business 
and the kind of EBITDA growth which we have witnessed during last quarter. And we're 
definitely going to see a similar pattern in the chrome business once the chrome mine will be 
fully operational in about 3 to 4 quarters from now. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Congrats for a good set of numbers. Sir, when you said 15% to 20% top line growth next year 
and better EBITDA. So is it like Chromium will help in better EBITDA or Barium also will 
have higher margins than this current year? And you also said Barium will have slightly 
normalized EBITDA when things stabilize. So when do we expect that? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Thank you, Mr. Ankur, for your question. Yes, we are anticipating a better year in FY26, but if 
I like to reiterate that it's very hard to point on which segment will perform or outperform 
because as we see from a company's point of view, the strength of our company is 
diversification and remaining agile. 
 
As we have shared with you that our diversified portfolio continues to be a key strength. And 
this is something that has been enabling us to manage our short-term fluctuations effectively. 
Plus our presence across geographies help us mitigate any short-term volatilities, be it 
sometimes in India and sometimes in export markets. So this balance of geographic mix and a 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
diversified portfolio is going to give a very, very meaningful improvement in health of our 
company. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. And sir, on export side, what is our total revenue share from the US market? And 
how are we thinking about this tariff thing? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
The overall revenue share on a consol basis is about 7%. As such, I can tell you what we are 
not witnessing much impact. As such, our Barium Chemicals are kind of out of the tariff or 
either reciprocal or the standard tariff. But like we remain cautiously optimistic moving 
forward because as such, we don't see a lot of nervousness either from the end user as well as 
our distributing partner there. So we keep watching how things progress. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of A.M. Lodha from Sanmati Consultants. 
A.M. Lodha: 
Sir, one general observation first. This con call has been done during the working hours. It 
should have been done after the 3:30 or 4:00, it would have been better, number one. Number 
two, your presentation and press release were just loaded in the BSE 1 minute ago and 4 
minutes ago. So at least investors should have been given a time to read the presentation and 
the press release comfortably? 
 
So previous day, you get the presentation and the press release loaded in the exchange. Then 
next day, the con call should be kept. This is my suggestion, sir. I trust the management will 
agree to my point of view, sir. 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
We have taken note of your observations. 
A.M. Lodha: 
No, I'm coming to my -- I have got two questions, sir. Number one, what is the net debt in the 
company, sir, hedge on debt? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
Hanumant, you would like to take this? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Yes. The net debt in our company is close to about INR260 crores. 
A.M. Lodha: 
Okay, sir. Another thing, sir, how the price trends of the -- both chromium chemicals and the 
strontium chemicals, general price trends? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
In the year gone by, we had already taken price increases in Chromium Chemicals in the third 
quarter of the fiscal. And in the Barium Chemicals, we have gradually increased the prices 
throughout the year to the extent of nearly about 20%, in line with the increase in the raw 
material prices. 
 
But we don't want to overburden the customers with higher prices because still there is a lot of 
softness in the export market, and there was a prevailing impact of Red Sea crisis, which had 
already increased the prices of freight for our end users. And that's the reason why we have 
controlled the price increase at a consolidated level and focused more on volume growth this 
year. 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
A.M. Lodha: 
Okay. My last question is, sir, related to the freight rates. I was listening to the previous 
comment that you have mentioned that due to freight rate costs have gone up. But what I 
believe from the other con calls that the freight rates have been stabilized now. It is not going 
up every day like it has gone previously, sir. So would you like to comment something on that 
freight rate, sir? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
Like I said, you are right. I think since we are discussing more on year gone by, so that was -- 
there was a major impact. Moving forward, yes, the prices have relatively stabilized at the 
moment, and there's a lot more certainty with respect to logistics, both with respect to cost as 
well as availability of inventory. Since we are discussing on the year gone by, so we wanted to 
bring it to the -- to our valuable investors and share our views about it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Gunit Singh: 
Sir, you mentioned that Chromium is in the 60% utilization range. Sir, what is the optimal 
capacity utilization for Chromium? And what is the current, I mean, utilization for the Barium 
side of business? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Just to add over here that in Chromium Chemicals, our capacity utilization is not 60s. It's in the 
mid-80s. And we have also seen a growth in volumes in the current -- in the FY25 financial 
year. And our optimum utilization in both Chromium and Barium vertical is expected to be in 
the 80s to 90s, like 85% levels. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. And sir, what about the utilization in Barium Chemicals? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
So in the full year last year, the Barium utilization was close to 60% to 64%. Towards quarter 
4, it was close to 77%. For this year, we are aiming to go up to 80% and also work on the 
product mix in general, which we believe is an optimal and sustainable level for that business. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right, sir. Got it. And we would start production of strontium carbonate in H2. So -- I 
mean, do we have any order visibility or intent from customers to buy that from us? And by 
when do we expect to ramp it up to optimal utilization? What kind of margin profile do we see 
there? Also, what would be the revenue potential from that part of -- that side of the business? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
See, I would start off by saying there's quite a bit of interest among the end user industry, 
which is ferrites as well as -- ferrite industry and building material industry as well as zinc 
purification industry. As such, we don't see Chinese being very active in this product. That was 
the clear moat for us to start this vertical in general. 
 
And with what has happened in Mexico with one of the peers closing down due to fire. So 
obviously, there's quite a bit of interest among the end users in India. There's a sizable demand 
for this product in India as well as in the export market. 
 
So with that being said, the product approval will be done in a faster pace by the end users. 
That's what we are hoping for. And right now, like I said, we won't be able to give a guidance 
in terms of what volumes and -- I mean, what values -- I mean, what revenues we'll be able to 
generate in the year 1. 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
 
We'll be able to get to it towards quarter 3 of this financial year. We'll be able to give a better 
guidance on how things are looking in general. But for now, we remain positive even with the 
developments in the market and with what's happening with the peers and so on. 
Gunit Singh: 
And what kind of revenue can we reach, I mean, at optimal utilization, say, 2, 3 years down the 
line from this? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
We are expecting close to INR250 crores to INR300 crores of revenue in next 2 years from 
this vertical per se. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. And sir, what kind of pricing contracts do we have with the customers? And how 
often are they renewed given that in Q4, our margins have declined due to rise in raw material 
prices. So I would like to understand, can we pass on the price rises? And I mean, how often 
can we take price hikes if we see such scenario in the input costs? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
See -- so we do have contracts with the domestic customers. I mean, up to 1 or 2 quarters, and 
we link it up to our raw material cost to -- especially to our top 3 customers who are 
contributing about 18% of revenue. In terms of export market, we go by quarter. And given 
where the market is, I think we leave this pricing discussion quite open, and that's what even 
they expect too. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right, sir. My last question would be regarding the steady-state EBITDA margins. So I 
mean, 2, 3 years down the line with everything in place, I mean, what kind of consolidated 
EBITDA margins can we expect from the current 16% to 17%? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
So ideally, I think 2 years, we'll be looking at like I've been saying that over 20%. I think with 
what is happening in Barium, it's looking positive. And this is going to also reflect in 
Chromium once the backward integration kicks in and the chrome more we'll be able to source 
over 80% from our mine. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our last question from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. If I remember it correctly, I mean, in the last call, 
you had given hints on there could be possibly a second phase of expansion for Precipitated 
Barium Sulphate. And so wanted to understand what is the idea going forward in that segment. 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Yes, we are quite optimistic about increasing the capacities in our Barium vertical, both for the 
Precipitated Barium Sulphate as well as Barium Carbonate. Here, the only objective is that we 
are looking to currently stabilize our capacity utilization to 80% levels, which was in the mid-
60s in the last year. 
 
And then we still have a lot of projects in hand to complete like the strontium carbonate. It's a 
new chemistry for us. Once we stabilize both of this, we will be in a better position to share 
with you about our timeline for expanding our Barium business. 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
I would like to add to it saying that this segment, as you can see, is strategically important to 
us, and we will scale it prudently backed by customer commitment. That's what we're looking 
forward to. And that's what we are working on. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
So just one last question on my side. So we have the required land, if I'm not wrong. So for a 
brownfield expansion from the day you commit the capex, what would be the timeline for the 
capex to kick in? I mean how -- what would that timeline look like? 
Siddartha Cherukuri: 
Like since it's a brownfield expansion, we would say about 9 months from the groundbreaking. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Thank you very much. I'd like to share with the investors that our results, earnings release as 
well as the investor presentation have been uploaded on the exchanges and the company 
website. If you have any further questions, feel free to reach out to us on 
investors@vishnuchemicals.com. Thank you for your valuable time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
