—SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
— 
06" June 2025 
SAMHI Hotels Ltd. 
CIN 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Refd Office: 
Ca 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Limited 
Sf o N 
: 
- 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Road, O 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
ll}it’m 
alimar Bagh, Delhi- 
Maharashtra, India 
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 543984 
Scrip Code: SAMHI 
Sub: Transcripts of Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call with the 
Investors or Analysts held on Thursday, 30" May 2025 at 11:30 a.m. (IST). 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Sanjay Jain 
Senior Director- Corporate Affairs, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Correspondence: 
SAMHI Hotels Ltd 
1124 4910100 
Fax: +91 124 4910199 
www samhi co.in
SANJAY 
JAIN
Digitally signed by SANJAY JAIN 
Date: 2025.06.06 18:02:19 +05'30'

" 
SAMHLI 
=—SALART HOTEL INVESTMEN T3 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 30, 2025 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 30th May 2025 will prevail. 
9o 
SAMI 
I I 
o 
- 
—SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS— 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH JAKHANWALA -MD & CEO 
MR. RAJAT MEHRA - CFO 
MR. GYANA DAS— EVP & HEAD OF INVESTMENTS 
MR. NAKUL MANAKTALA — VP (INVESTMENTS) 
Page 1 of 15

SAMHI 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to SAMHI Hotels Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant line will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Jakhanwala, MD and CEO, SAMHI Hotels 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to SAMHI Hotels Earnings Call for 
the quarter ending March 31, 2025. Thave with me today, Gyana Das, who is EVP and Head of 
Investments, Rajat, who's the CFO, Nakul, who's VP of Investments. We also have on call our 
Investor Relations Advisors, Strategic Growth Advisors. We have uploaded our Quarter 4 FY 
25 financials and presentations on the exchanges and I hope everybody had an opportunity to 
go through the same. 
To begin with, I would give you all a quick recap of financial year 2025 and what all we've 
achieved thus far, This will also set the pace for our future endeavors, as we look at financial 
year 2026 and beyond. We'll then have Rajat, give a quick snapshot of our quarter 4 of FY 25 
and full year FY 25 financials, following which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
For financial year 2025 has truly been a transformational year for SAMHI as it is our first full 
financial year post our IPO in September 2023. Our portfolio led by markets in Bangalore, 
Hyderabad, Pune and NCR continues to drive strong growth in both top line and bottom line. 
Our same-store assets delivered a 16.5% year-on-year RevPAR growth, which led to our group 
level revenue increasing by 17.5% year-on-year to INR1,150 crores. 
Flow-through and margins remain healthy and EBITDA pre noncash ESOP was at INR443 
crores for the full year, which sets the base for strong same-store growth going forward. From a 
growth perspective, we have made 2 very strong acquisitions this year, which complement our 
current portfolio and will augment our same-store growth over the next few years. 
First, as you know, is the acquisition of the operating 142 rooms, Trinity Hotel in Whitefield 
Bangalore. We are in advanced stages of design and development of this asset, which will be 
converted into 362 rooms Westin and Tribute portfolio dual-branded hotels. 
On current average rates, we expect this hotel to operate at about INR50 lakh to INRSS lakh per 
revenue range. So we are looking at an additional INR180 crores to INR200 crores of revenue 
from this asset on FY '25 average room rate basis. 
Next is the long-term variable lease we have signed in Hi-tech City, Hyderabad for the 
conversion of an office building to a 170-room hotel being to be managed in the Marriott's W 
Page 2 of 15

SAMHI 
Rajat Mehra: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
brand. Development has already started, and we expect the hotel to open in the second half of 
FY 27. 
We believe that the strength of the market, a very strong and recognizable brand and the product 
shall position the hotel towards the top of the concept, with revenues per key upwards of INRG0 
lakhs, which will add another INR100 crores of total revenue on an FY '25 room basis for this 
hotel. 
In addition to the above, we have 300-0dd new rooms within the Holiday Inn Express portfolio 
in Calcutta, Greater Noida and Whitefield, Bangalore, which are now operational. Add to that, 
the 54 new rooms in Sheraton Hyderabad and 22 rooms in Hyatt Regency Pune. You will start 
seeing incremental revenues coming from this new inventory in FY '26, adding to our same- 
store growth. 
Nextis the milestone strategic partnership we have established with GIC, Singapore's sovereign 
wealth fund. GIC brings unparalleled institutional capabilities for us to benefit from. In addition 
to committing INR750 crores of capital of which INRS80 crores have been received as of May 
27th. This partnership has multiple benefits for SAMEL 
It strengthens our balance sheet by taking the net debt-to-EBITDA down to 3.2x on an FY 25 
basis, thus unlocking substantial free cash flow generation going forward. It provides us INR150 
crores of capex funding for the Western Tribute portfolio Whitefield development, where there 
is about INR375 crores of pending capex. It gives us access to a marquee institutional investor 
and capital partner in GIC to accelerate our growth. 
With a strong balance sheet and significant freeing up of cash from operations post the debt 
reduction, we are now focused on growing our platform using our time-tested acquisition and 
conversion strategy. But also increasing through long-term variable leases. We have visibility 
of an actionable pipeline in our core markets. We're also very pleased to inform you that this 
was our first full year of profit. Obviously, after we've gone public. 
With this, now Ill request Rajat to give us a summary of our financial performance for the 
quarter and the full year, and over to you, Rajat. 
Thank you, Ashish. Good morming, everybody. It gives me immense pleasure to announce 
SAMHIS financial performance for the quarter ending March 31, 2025. On same-store assets, 
we have recorded a healthy 15.8% year-on-year growth in topline for the quarter, resulting in an 
EBITDA growth of 22%. 
Complementing this is the ACIC portfolio, which now has crossed 40% milestone after multiple 
cost intervention steps taken over in the last 18 months since the acquisition. We will now truly 
unlock the value of ACIC portfolio in FY 26 and FY 27 once the revenue management of 
Marriot kicks in and we convert the Pune and Jaipur assets to Courtyard by Marriot and Tribute 
Portfolio, respectively. 
The net result of this is a consolidated income of INR324 crores for the quarter ending March 
31, 2025, representing a year-on-year growth of 12%. 
Page 3 of 15

SAMHI 
Moderator: 
Karan Khanna: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 131 crores with a year-on-year growth of 
21%. After accounting for a noncash ESOP expense of INR 4.4 crores our reported consolidated 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR126 crores, delivering a 31% year-on-year growth. 
The PBT for the quarter stood at INR42 crores and accounting for exceptional items, the PAT is 
INR 46 crores. I'm also happy to report that on a full year basis, we have reported a topline of 
INR 1,150 crores in the financial year 2025, delivering a growth of 18% on a year-on-year basis. 
Consolidated EBITDA pre-ESOP stood at INR 443 crores, growing at 27% on a year-on-year 
basis, which gives us a strong base to deliver future growth. ESOP costs stood at INR 18 crores 
for the year, which will reduce to INR 10 crores in FY 26 and will stabilize at that level. 
Depreciation and amortization expense are largely stable at INR 117 crores. 
Our overall finance cost stood at INR 229 crores, which includes INR 30 crores of noncash 
expenses relating to amortization of processing fees, interest on lease liability and other noncash 
in their accounting entries. Accounting for ESOP costs, depreciation and finance expenses, we 
have reported a profit before tax PBT of INR 80 crores. 
Further accounting for exceptional items, as mentioned, our reported profit after tax was INR 86 
crores for the full financial year. From a capital structure perspective, our net debt as on March 
31,2025, stood at INR 1,967 crores with a weighted average cost of debt of 9.2%, with a 20 bps 
reduction in our costs from the previous quarter. 
With GIC capital infusion, our net debt is now around INR 1,430 crores matk, taking our net 
debt down to 3.2x, thus materially strengthening our balance sheet. After adjusting for the INR 
250 crores of capital allocated towards growth projects such as Trinity Whitefield which has 
negligible EBITDA contribution in our financials at the current state, our net debt to EBITDA 
for our operating assets stood at 2.7x. The growth in EBITDA of our same-store assets coupled 
with the unlocking of value in our balance sheet post the GIC transaction, will lead to a strong 
cash flow generation for the funding of the capex commitment that we have in the future and 
further accelerate our growth through tactical merger and acquisition opportunities and long- 
term leases. 
With this, now 
I open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin with the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. 
Ashish, the first question, if 
I look at Slides 22 through to 24 of your presentation, what I can 
see is that the occupancies for upper mid-scale and the mid-scale hotels seem to be peaking out. 
Let's say, downward trend in your mid-scale occupancies, while even in case of upper mid-scale, 
it seems to be stable quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. 
So is that a trend that you're seeing where supply seems to have caught up on the mid-scale side 
because of which occupancies have been peaking out? Or is it your conscious strategy to focus 
‘more on the RevPARs rather than the occupancies in this segment? 
Page 4 of 15

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
So Karan, the strong RevPAR growth s a clear demonstration of the fact that there s no supply 
pressure on the performance. I think every operator and owner understands that our revenue 
driven by rate is more profitable than a revenue driven by just volumes. So this is a classic 
revenue management, yield management play. Wete seeing absolutely no stress from supply, 
and therefore, the RevPAR performance continues to be very strong, driven by average rates. 
The second question actually was, if you look at RevPAR for your overall portfolio, this was up 
18% Y-0-Y. The revenues were up just 14%. So could you shed some light on the difference? 
And as a follow-up, I think in the previous calls, you've spoken about ramping up the F&B 
offerings. So how is that progressing? 
Yes. So Karan, we are sceing a stronger growth in room revenues largely driven by 
demand/supply airlines office. And that's why you would see in our portfolio, at least the 
RevPAR is continuing to remain ahead of total revenue growth. That's number one. 
In terms of food and beverage, the steps have been taken, but theyll start showing results 
towards, I would say, H2 of FY 26. Things like the renovation of the ballroom and Sheraton 
Hyderabad, improvement of the ballroom in Hyatt Regency Pune. 
Some of the F&B initiatives we are taking for our upscale hotels. So all of those efforts are 
underway with an intent that we should start seeing an equal contribution from food and 
beverage growth as we are seeing in room revenue growth. 
Secondly, you seem to reverse some provisions for impairment, I think for the Navi Mumbai 
land litigation. So, could you share if that is the case and are you expecting any developments 
happening here anytime soon? O is to pertaining to some I think claim from the sellers on the 
land? 
Yes, 50 we had made provisions in quarter 3 of FY 24. As of today, of course, we had written 
off the value of that asset completely. We have fairly constructive dialogue going on with MIDC, 
which is the relevant authority Karan. As a team basis those conversations, we feel fairly 
confident that over the next quarter or 2 we would get written confirmation from MIDC, which 
will then allow us to write back that value of the asset into our books. 
Sure. And my last question for the ACIC portfolio, while the margins seem to converging well, 
which is very encouraging, the RevPAR seems to be lagging compared to the same-store 
portfolio. So please state what was the RevPAR growth for ACIC portfolio in 4Q and FY 25 
and your expectation is going ahiead on the same? 
So what we are expecting is, Karan, that in ACIC, we need to remember that we have the Four 
points in Pune and the Four points in Jaipur. Which are being prepped for renovation and 
rebranding. So obviously, these are large hotels. Pune is one of the second largest hotel in the 
ACIC portfolio after Hyderabad. 
Of these hotels that are not due for rebranding, let's say, Hyderabad in all, we have seen pretty 
impressive year-on-year revenue growth starting quarter 4 actually. Prior to that, because it was 
self-managed the focus was on cost management. 
Page 5 of 15

SAMHI 
Moderator 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
Post Marriott taking over the portfolio we've seen encouraging revenue growth, but we need to 
be mindful of the fact that there's 2 hotels in ACIC, which will have a deferred income growth 
on account of the pending renovations. 13% for the 3 assets which are not due for renovation. 
So we've seen in quarter 4, total revenue growth of 13%, a RevPAR growth of 13%. But the 2 
other assets are due for renovation. So there, you will see flattish trends. 
Next question is from line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. 
Sir, my question is on the sale of the Chennai hotel. I think when we did this transaction a couple 
of months back, the sale price was approximately INRS3 crores. However, in the results press 
release, we have stated that the sale price is approximately INR3 crores. And we have recorded 
some exceptional loss on that exit? 
So if you can just explain this part a bit better and also a related follow-up is that given we have 
an asset recycling plan in place and we may choose to exit certain nonperforming assets in future 
as well. So s there a possibility that you might see such losses come through in future whenever 
we plan to basically exit? 
So Jinesh just 2 clarifications. The sale price is INR 53 crores. I don't know wha 
There was a debt in that particular asset close to about INR50-o0dd crores. So net proceeds... 
Yes, INR 3 crores on net proceeds post settling the leverage on that asset but the sale price was 
INRS3 crores. That's point one. Point two, this was an asset acquired through the ACIC portfolio, 
whereas the time of the acquisition, we've had to create certain goodwill. So what we have 
basically done is written off the goodwill Jinesh. 
Otherwise, we have sold the asset at a fair value. Answering your question about subsequent 
assets, there are very few assets where we have this issue of, I would say, material goodwill on 
top of the asset value. The assets that we are currently reviewing for asset recycling, none of 
those assets have any such issue. So we do not expect any such accounting adjustments to come 
for the future assets. 
Tt will be positive. 
Yes. Actually, some of those assets based on the current discussions will end up leading to profit 
rather than any accounting losses. 
Understood. And s, in response to the previous participant's question, you mentioned 
that given 
you are expecting a feasible verdict from MIDC. There could be some write back also, which 
could come through as you saw in this quarter. So can you just share what was the total written 
down amount? And how much of it can be expected to be written back? 
So Jinesh, we actually took a total hit of INR 76 crores in our December quarter financials in 
FY '24. When we get the favorable order, the entire amount will actually be reversed. There 
cannot be any partial reversal. Its a very binary situation. Once the order is there in our hand, 
Page 6 of 15

SAMHI 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Murtuza: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Murtuza: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
which will be favorable since our discussions as of now. There will be a complete reversal of 
INR76 crores in our balance sheet and the P&L. 
Sure. So the reversal that happened in this quarter, it pertains to this only, right? 
It pertains to some other properties. The INR 76 crores of reversal still has not been taken into 
consideration. As we speak, we have close to about INR 138 crores worth of impairment that 
we have still not reversed. That's an opportunity which is available for us in the future, which 
includes the INR 76 crores that we are talking about. 
So Jinesh, the number that has come in this current quarter is not for the Navi Mumbai. It's 
certain impairment provisions we had created during COVID times, right? And some of that, I 
think, reversed as we've seen consistently strong performance through the last several quarters, 
right? 
And in addition to what has been taken in the current quarter, as Rajat clarified, there is 
approximately INR130-0dd crores - INR138 crores of potential impairment reversals and 
INR76 crores is a part of that INR138 crores. So even if that - Navi Mumbai does not come, 
you're potentially still talking about INR 50 crores, INR 60 crores of impairment reversals to 
happen over the course of the next few quarters. 
Maybe atthe end of the year. 
End of the year, actually. Impairment testing will be done at the end of the year. 
Next question is from the line of Murtuza from Kotak Securities. 
Just a question. If 
I look at my quarter 4 asset income that’s grown by about 14% your same- 
store RevPAR growth is closer to about 20%. How do we reconcile the two? Is there any - I 
would have typically expected. So is it that the other revenues are growing at a slower pace? Or 
what should be the in-built if 
I were to look at quarter 4 asset income versus quarter 4 FY 25 
asset income. What should be the implicit sort of room rental growth against that 14% overall 
revenue growth? 
So Murtuza, thank you for asking that. Let me clarify it will be a benefit to all. So as you rightly 
said, if you look at the same-store for quarter 4, the total RevPAR growth was about 20%. And 
if you look at the Page number 16, where we've given the bridge for quarter 4, the same-store 
revenue growth was about 16%. 
So there s this 4% drag because of the F&B and other income during the quarter, where the total 
RevPAR growth has kind of is higher than the total revenue growth. A large part of that, 
Murtuza, is we needed to do with if you ask me, what's happening in the food and beverage. 
Where we are seeing fairly muted growth year-on-year. 
And as I mentioned earlier in response to Karan's question, actually, F&B growth is about 6.6% 
year-on-year Murtuza to be precise, right... 
For the 4th quarter? 
Page 7 of 15

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Murtuza: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
Yes, for the relevant quarter, the quarter 4. So that is a drag. But having said that, as weve 
explained earlier, 2 of our big ballrooms, the one in Hyatt Regency, and the other one in the 
Sheraton Hyderabad are now under planning for renovation. And you would see in H2 because 
of that work being completed, the dilutive effect of food and beverage on total revenue will start 
to taper off. 
So we should move again to the overall RevPAR growth more or less reflecting in the revenue 
growth number. Because the F&B... 
Yes. But Murtuza, we need to be mindful of the fact that RevPAR growth, I would expect our 
portfolio to remain slightly ahead of the total revenue growth because we dont expect or 
underwrite the F&B to grow at the same momentum as we can expect rooms to grow. 
I mean in markets like Bangalore and Hyderabad which are big markets for us, the demand 
supply and balance for guest rooms is leading to -- I mean, just to put things in context, Murtuza. 
In a market like Bangalore in quarter 4, we saw a total RevPAR growth of 40% year-on-year. 
Now when you see rooms growth being so bullish it will be difficult for F&B to catch up, 
honestly, right? So I think we should set our expectations for RevPAR growth to remain slightly 
higher than the total revenue, but 6.6% is also not the right number for F&B growth. The F&B 
growth should grow in double digits, right? So that the dilutive effect is not so large. 
Next question is from the line of Pradyunma Choudhary from JM Financial. 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. I just have 1 question. What was the Y-0-Y growth in Q4 
for the ACIC portfolio? 
Pradyumna, just give us a second. Il give you overall and then for the 3 assets which are not 
under renovation. So the 3 assets which are not under renovation, the Y-o-Y growth was 12.9% 
RevPAR and 6% was total revenue growth, 11% was EBITDA growth. 
So those are the 3 numbers. If we add the Jaipur and Pune assets with are now due for renovation, 
which is where the total income growth becomes flattish, actually, it's about 3.6%, but the 
EBITDA growth is still 8.2%. 
Okay. So if we add Jaipur assets, then the total revenue growth is getting flattencd. So basically, 
there's been a degrowth in the Jaipur asset. Is it right? 
No, in both Pune and Jaipur, if you take them together, there is still a growth of about flat about 
0.5%. But EBITDA growth is about 4%. 
Understood. And when are we expecting these 2 assets to be converted? 
So the work on Pune has actually started. We are in the process of completing the mock-up 
rooms. And through this year, well continue with the renovation. As you know, we are not 
shutting down the hotel for innovation. So therefore, we dont want to lose the existing revenue 
and profits we're getting from that hotel, right? 
Page 8 of 15

SAMHI 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
‘Vaibhav Mule: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
So the mock-up rooms are underway, should be ready in the next 1.5 months or so. And 
immediately after that, the work will start. So we expect that by the same time next year, we 
would have the hotel fully renovated and rebranded 
to Courtyard by Marriot. 
All right. And what about the Jaipur? 
Jaipur will start same time next year because we want to do the full renovation in that. So unlike 
Pune, Jaipur has high seasonality, we see a significant difference in the revenues in H2 and H1 
in Jaipur market largely because it's got a lot of inbound. So the Jaipur renovation will really 
happen between, I would say, April 2026 and I would say around August of 2026. 
Okay. We just want to ensure that for H2, it's available basically H2 FY 27, the Jaipur? 
Pradyumna, you booked 80% of your profits in that hotel in F2 really. So you want to make sure 
that you wont lose much in the H1. And actually, because of the renovation and rebranding you 
will recover more than enough for whatever you lose in H1 and H2 with the revised brand. 
So then right now, there is work going on, right, in Jaipur. So why is Jaipur not really growing 
in line with the overall industry? 
No. So Jaipur because it needs a renovation and rebranding, Pradyumma till the time we dont 
improve the product, we really dont expect. It's being held in operations. But otherwise, there's 
nothing for us in terms of products to be able to push it in comparison 
to the competition. 
Next question is from the line of Vaibhav Mule from Yes Securities. 
First question on the Bangalore market. You said you saw total RevPAR growth of 40% year- 
on-year, which is actually very fabulous, but significantly higher than your peer set, which is 
operating in a similar location as yours. So I just wanted 
to understand the reason of such strong 
RevPAR growth for Bangalore market? 
So Vaibhav, I always therefore caution us from generalizing anything, including market 
performances. I mean today, Bangalore is a very large hotel market, it has very defined precincts 
and micro markets, which dont always necessarily behave in sync, right? 
We benefit from 2 of our hotels, which is a 1 single hotel complex Courtyard Fairfield 
Bangalore, situated in outer-ring road Bangalore. And that stretch of road has seen 
to the best of 
our knowledge has seen the strongest of absorption and therefore, performance growth also. 
So it's a very micro market-driven outcome. And therefore, there could be some discrepancies, 
50 to say, between us and the broader Bangalore peer set. But yes, in our hotel, for the quarter, 
not -~ I mean, for our portfolio in Bangalore, we saw 40% Y-o-Y for the quarter. 
And for the entire year, also, it was 22.8%, actually. So it was not 1 quarter wonder. For the 
whole fiscal year FY 25, we saw the RevPAR for the city moved from INR 5,120 to INR 6,290, 
which is a growth of about 22.8%. 
Page 9 of 15

SAMHI 
‘Vaibhav Mule: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
‘Vaibhav Mule: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
‘Vaibhav Mule: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
Correct. And now you are opening Holiday Inn Express in Whitefield Bangalore only, it under 
preopening. So do you expect similar RevPAR trend for this property as well? 
Yes. So what will also happen is that and while the inventory is small, Vaibhav it's 56 rooms, 
and our Bangalore inventory pool is pretty large, actually. But if you see the Holiday Inn 
Express, the current product is 14 square meter and has been doing really well. Its got about 
160-0dd rooms. 
The 56 rooms addition is actually 17 square meters, and they are being positioned at a higher 
category. So actual RevPAR realization for the incremental inventory would be substantially 
higher than from the existing inventory in that hotel. So we do expect that to obviously also have 
a positive impact. 
Generally, during the current year, we've seen North Bangalore, where we have a Fairfield by 
Marriott and Holiday Inn Express do extremely well, Rajajinagar and Tumkur Road. Outer Ring 
road, the Courtyard and Fairfield continue to doreally well. 
And then in Whitefield, we have 2 hotels, operational one is the Trinity that we acquired recently. 
And all 3 hotels are actually doing reasonably well. So we continue to expect seeing good 
performance from this market. 
Okay. So you dont expect any sort of moderation in ARR in the coming year? 
To be blunt, we have not underwritten such RevPAR growth rates. So we only feel really happy. 
If you're referring to 40% and 22%, and I will always say moderate your expectations. But I 
think this market will continue to deliver good double-digit RevPAR growth. 
Okay. Great. And just the last bit on the renovation side. You said you are renovating 2 
ballrooms. So what is the renovation expense for these 2 and any other renovation planned in 
the current year? And what is the total R&M expense related to that? 
Okay. So let me take you through. There's a fair bit happening actually good that you asked that 
question. So in terms of total planned activities, we would have the opening of the additional 
rooms in Sheraton Hyderabad and Hyatt Regency, Pune. The work is going on. We expect them 
to be operational in at least starting of H2 plus/minus a month, depending on the final consent 
that we would require. 
We then would also be renovating as I mentioned, the Sheraton ballroom and the ballroom in 
Hyatt Regency, Pune in addition 
to the additional rooms there. The ballroom renovation actually 
is a low capex, its about INRS crores between the two renovations. The room inventory, of 
course, we've given the numbers earlier in terms of what the renovation budget would be. This 
is the majority of the renovations planned. And of course, the work that we stat for converting 
Four Points, Pune into Courtyard Pune, that would start getting incurred during the current year. 
Overall, we do expect about INR 175 crores to INR 200 crores of capital expenditure during the 
fiscal year FY 26 of which INR 50 crores will be contributed by GIC in the specific Bangalore 
asset and about, let's say, INR 125-0dd crores would be spent by us from our own cash flows. 
Page 10 of 15

SAMHI 
‘Vaibhav Mule: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
‘Vaibhav Mule: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
Understood. And post renovation for these 2 ballrooms, do you expect better rates? Or do you 
expect occupancy improvements? So where is it currently lacking? 
So I'will allude to Murtuza's questions earlier about why total income is 15.5% when RevPAR 
is growing at 20% or 21%. And the result is that the total F&B growth is around 6.5%, 7%. Now 
if you look at our portfolio, a majority of our F&B income actually comes from our upscale 
portfolio, and these 2 hotels are a large contributor to the upscale portfolio. 
So.as we get the better penetration and usage of these 2 large ballrooms in 
2 big hotels, what we 
expect to do i see a higher growth in F&B income on a year-on-year basis, which means that if 
myRevPARS are growing at 20%, I expect the revenues to not grow at just 15%, but 16%, 17%, 
18%. 
As T mentioned, T always expect total revenue to remain short of RevPAR growth in markets 
like India, because the room demand is really, really strong. But the 5 percentage point dilutive 
effect that we saw last quarter, we should narrow it down to maybe 2, 2.5 percentage points 
really. 
Understood. And just one last bit on the brand up-gradation. So can you expect the delta in terms 
of percentage ARR improvement that you expect for conversion to Courtyard, Fairfield and 
Tribute maybe for all 3 respective categories? 
Yes. So I think our big opportunity is right now in Four Points to Courtyard and Four Points to 
Tribute. In Four Points Pune to Courtyard, our expectation, and we have said it earlier, it's about 
20%, 25% total revenue growth. 
In Jaipur actually because the asset is grossly underperforming. And there is a combination of 
both really bad product and also the brand that we're trying to bring in stronger. There, we expect 
the total revenue and RevPAR growth to be upwards of 30% change. So we see this sort of 
change in both the market. 
T would like to take your attention to the data on airline growth. And if you see markets like 
Hyderabad, Bangalore have grown between 12% to 16.5% year-on-year change in passenger 
traffic. And thats a good indicator for what's happening to hotel rooms also in these markets. 
Next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors. 
Congratulations Ashish and team. Ashish, as you alluded that for the company growth will not 
be in line with the RevPAR because of lower growth in F&B. But in that case, how do we think 
about the impact on the EBITDA margin really can play out? If you can give some color onour 
EBITDA margin for the room as well as F&B and then overall impact. 
So Bharat, fantastic question. And let me tell you, whenever you see a total revenue growth 
driven by room revenue, you do expect the margins to expand significantly, right, because rooms 
produce higher contribution margin as compared to food and beverage.If you see overall margin 
profile, if you look at quarter 4, which is Slide number 18, you would realize that our asset level 
Page 11 of 15

SAMHI 
Bharat Sheth: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Pranav Shrimal: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
EBITDA has reached about 43% for the quarter after accounting for net corporate G&A is about 
40.5%. We expect this to be a trend we should see on an annualized basis going forward. 
So our expectation and endeavor is that not just for quarter 4, which we all know and accept as 
a strong quarter, we should sce this margin profile remain applicable for all of SAMHI for the 
full year period. And we do expect to get there, I would think, in the next 4 to 6 quarters, so that 
the whole company s reporting these sorts of margins, not just for a quarter, but for the whole 
year. 
And what are kind of a margin one should look forward for F&B? 
So Bharat, if you look at Uniform System of Hotel Accounting, which is the only way to 
articulate departmental profit, in a USHA format, you would see rooms division producing about 
60-odd percent contribution margins. And then F&B would be between 40%, 45%, right? But 
the big gap there s that HLP is accounted for below. 
So unfortunately, it's not a true reflection of the margins because we all know food and beverages 
encrgy guzzler. So accounting for utilities expenses within the Uniform System of Hotel 
Accounting are actually below departmental profit, we would think the F&B margins are not 
‘more than 35% really. 
So there s a big gap between what margin rooms can produce and more so in a high capacity 
utilization, higher rate environment related to what food and beverage can produce. So, we love 
the fact that our business is driven by very predictable, sustainable, repeatable rooms business. 
‘We just want to make sure that any drag which F&B brings to RevPAR to total revenue can 
minimize that drag in the times to come. 
Next question is from the line of Pranav Shrimal from PINC Wealth Advisory. 
Just a couple of questions from my side. Sir, firstly, are we still secing any supply, demand 
mismatch going forward in our main areas which is Bangalore and Hyderabad? 
So Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune, NCR, which are 4 markets where probably we get 75% of our 
total revenues, right? We are seeing negligible. So Bangalore is still seeing some supply, but 
thankfully, the market size is so large that on a relative basis, the supply growth is just about 4% 
. 4.5%, 5%, against airline growth of 11.5%, 12%, office growth of about 8%, 9%. 
So we are seeing demand remain 2x of supply growth in Bangalore. In Hyderabad, Pune and 
NCR, we actually just are not able to see any supply. So we actually expect Hyderabad 
to grow 
faily rapidly. Interestingly, for the same segment of hotel, Hyderabad is still selling rooms at a 
reasonable discount to Bangalore. 
And it is our expectation that over the next few quarters, we would see that gap narrow down, if 
1ot be completely the same actually rates for the same set of hotels. So we are not secing any 
reasons to worry about supply side. And one of the good thing about the sector is that because 
supply needs a hard asset to be buil it's not something that will be surprised by next year. 
Page 12 of 15

SAMHI 
Pranav Shrimal: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pranav Shrimal: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Nirvana Laha: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Ni 
ana Laha: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Nirvana Laha: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
So we think we have a clear runway over the next at least 3 years before we start worrying about 
supply, having any meaningful impact. But I would caution you my optimism is extremely 
myopic about the market we are presenting and the markets that we are investing our capital in. 
It should not be applied 
to all markets, inall cities. Some of the Tier 2, Tier 3, we may see some 
higher supply growth relative to the Tier 1 market. But your answer - your question was about 
our market, we remain fairly upbeat about what we are seeing on demand and supply. 
And coming to a Hyatt Regency and Sheraton in our PPT we said that well complete by this 
FY. Is there any quarter target that we have set to be opened by Q2 and... 
Yes, quarter 3 is when we expect this inventory to be operational for both these hotels. 
‘We can sort of estimate that H2 these 2 inventory will be contributing? 
Yes, it will be. 
Next question is from line of Nirvana Laha from Badrinath Holdings. 
I have 2 questions. So the first question is if 
I look at the H2 revenue growth for the company 
when ACIC has been in the base, it's been about 12%. So going forward for FY 26, do you think 
that's a fair rate of growth that we can look forward to? And also if you can give the ACIC 
revenue and EBITDA for FY 25 and FY 24, please? 
Okay. So in terms of total revenue growth, Nirvana, I think we've always maintained that for 
same-store hotels. And I think we'd like to repeat ourselves several times that when we look at 
KPIs and revenue growth, it's important to look at the same set of hotels because the moment 
you add new openings itjust confuses a trend, right? 
So for the same set of hotels, we expect the total revenue growth to remain in the carly double 
digits, right? We've been saying it for the last several quarters, but market has been supporting 
a higher growth, but we maintain that for a sustainable long-term growth for same set of hotels 
should be a total revenue growth of early double-digits, right? 
In terms of actual absolute, you would see about INR 190 crores revenue from ACIC for both 
years. Actually, 2024 was INR 192.2 crores, 2025 is INR 190 crores. So this is for all the 5 hotels 
put together. 
Okay. And in terms of EBITDA, please, for the 2 years? 
EBITDA was INR 66.8 crores in FY 24, it is INR 74.2 crores now. 
And coming to a question on -- so I think in the press release I'n forgetting which document. T 
think you've indicated that interest costs, your projection is INR 140 crores for next year. And 
then there are some noninterest finance costs, etc., which I think this year was close to INR 50 
crores, you can confirm that. 
Page 13 of 15

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Raghav Malik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
So I'm just trying to understand next year, as we grow in early double digit and the EBITDA 
grows a little bit more, and the CFO that we generate next year after finance cost and capex, you 
indicated INR 125 crores of capex I think from SAMHIS profit. So do you expect some cash to 
g0 towards further deleveraging. My math is telling me you might have about INR 100 crores 
organic cash for further deleverage. So if you can comment a little on this? 
So you're absolutely right. T mean even if you just look at -- and we hate doing a point forecasting 
for the future. But even if you look at FY '25 numbers and what to draw pro forma for the current 
year, you would see that against the INR 443 crores of cash EBITDA pre-ESOP, we would have 
a cash interest expense of INR 143 crores. So you would see about INR 298 crores free cash 
before capex. 
Now for the next year, if you were to apply, let's say, a 15% growth on EBITDA, backed by, 
let's say, 10%, 11% growth in total revenue you would expect the EBITDA to expand by about 
INR60-0dd crores. And all of that is a straight flow through to your free cash. So you would 
expect about let say INR 360-0dd crores of fiee cash. 
And our current estimate is that we need about INR 125 crores to INR 150 crores for growth 
capital expenditure and about additionally INR 20 crores of maintenance capital expenditure. 
And the rest is the free cash available, which is obviously available for either growth or 
deleveraging. 
Next question is from line of Raghav Malik from Jefferies India. 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question is a follow-up to one of the previous 
questions. So the GIC co-investment on Four Points you mentioned, the Four Points conversion 
mentioned is INR 50 crores. But the other conversions that are happening and integrations into 
the upscale portfolio, talking about investment, what would the GIC co-investment the amount 
that you could quantify? 
So Raghav, just to clarify, when you look at our total capital expenditure growth plan, the largest 
bit in that today is the Westin and Tribute Bangalore, where we have INR 375 crores of pending 
capex over the next 3 years, of that INR 375 crores pending capex, GIC will first bring INR 150 
crores to get to a 35% position and the subsequent incremental will be funded in - by both 
partners in a 65%, 35%. 
But we need to remember that the three subsidiaries that are part of the joint venture today have 
a trailing EBITDA of about INR 140 crores and a net debt of about INR 150 crores, INR160 
crores. So we do expect a lot of free cash to come through those subsidiaries. And our 
expectation s that, that itself will fund a reasonable amount of capital expenditure required to 
build out the Westin and Tribute. 
For the other assets which are outside of the joint venture, let's say, the W in Hyderabad, the 
conversion of the Four Points to a Courtyard or Four Points to a Tribute which are the big capital 
expenditure items, that is going to be done from the free cash that we are generating in our 
business. 
Page 14 of 15

SAMHI 
Raghav Malik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Raghav Malik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Raghav Malik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2025 
Okay. So for that GIC will not be contributing? 
No. 
And the other question that T had was for May, what would revenue or RevPAR impact kind of 
have been because of any cancellations or rescheduling that we may have seen? 
So we saw April being very strong and May because of that 1 week of escalations, we are for 
the month maintaining a reasonably, we're still maintaining a reasonable — small growth over 
last year. But for the quarter, we're maintaining a reasonable growth, actually. So because of a 
very strong Aptil, we are maintaining a reasonable growth in the current quarter. But for the 
month, it is so far kind of flattish because of what happened for those 2, 3 weeks really. 
This is revenue growth, right? 
Total revenue growth, yes. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'l take that as the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Ashish for closing comments. 
Thank you so much. I'd like to thank you all for your time and of course, to our shareholders for 
their support. I think theyre very proud of the fact that SAMHI has in just 14 years created an 
industry-leading platform. And we believe we are now ready to pivot the business towards this 
next phase of growth and value creation, and we look forward to continuing to talk to you and 
end up achieving that endeavor. Thank you so much, and talk to you soon. 
Thank you very much. On behalf of SAMHI Hotels Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 150f 15
