                                                                                      
 
 May 27, 2025 
 
 To, 
 
Listing Compliance 
Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 544029 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, “G” Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: GANDHAR 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam(s), 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015 
(“Listing 
Regulations”), in furtherance to our letter dated May 23, 2025 regarding the audio 
recording of the Analysts/Investor’s Earnings Call for the Quarter and Financial 
Year ended March 31, 2025 (Q4 FY2024-25), please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the said call. The said transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website i.e. www.gandharoil.com 
 
Request you to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Gandhar Oil Refinery (India) Ltd 
 
 
_________________ 
Jayshree Soni 
Compliance Officer and Company Secretary 
Mem. No.: FCS 6528 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
JAYSHREE 
DEEPAK SONI
Digitally signed by 
JAYSHREE DEEPAK SONI 
Date: 2025.05.27 14:19:30 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited Q4 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASLESH PAREKH - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
GANDHAR OIL REFINERY INDIA LIMITED 
MR. INDRAJIT BHATTACHARYYA – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, GANDHAR OIL REFINERY INDIA 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIRAL SANKLECHA – MUFG INTIME 

 
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Viral Sanklecha from MUFG Intime. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Viral Sanklecha: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you to the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited. 
To discuss the Q4 and FY '25 business performance, we have from the Management Mr. Aslesh 
Parekh – Joint Managing Director and Mr. Indrajit Bhattacharyya – CFO. 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risk and uncertainty. For more 
details, kindly refer to the investor presentation and other findings that can be found on the 
company's website and stock exchanges. 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for the opening 
remarks and then we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Aslesh Parekh: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone who is present on this conference call. I, 
Aslesh Parekh - Joint Managing Director of Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited, I am joined by 
my CFO – Mr. Indrajit Bhattacharyya. We appreciate your time and interest as we review our 
financial performance for the 4th Quarter and the full year of FY '25. 
Today, I will provide an overview of our business performance amidst a dynamic economic 
landscape. 
During the Quarter 4 ended FY '25, we recorded a revenue of Rs. 9,617 million. For the full year 
ending FY '25, our revenues stood at INR 38,969 million. In volume terms, we saw a healthy 
increase of around 3% FY '24 to FY '25, a clear sign of stable operational throughput. However, 
revenues from operations were affected primarily due to a reduction in average realization from 
INR 82,824 per KL in FY '24 to 76,223 per KL in FY '25. The contraction was mainly driven 
by softening prices, reduced demand in FMCG and pharma segments and a broader impact of 
global geopolitical challenges that we have been facing. 

 
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Our international business remains a cornerstone of our strategy. Our overseas sales still 
contribute to around 40.2% of the total sales both in Q4 FY '25 and for the full financial year. 
However, export revenue decreased from INR 24,028 million in FY '24 to INR 15,656 million 
in FY '25, largely due to shipping disruptions in the Red Sea, the ongoing conflicts such as the 
Russia-Ukraine war. Despite this, we successfully mitigated the impact by strengthening our 
domestic market presence leading to a compensatory rise in the domestic sales. This shift in 
sales mix is part of our deliberate and agile approach to market dynamics, showing our ability 
to adapt quickly and to protect our overall top-line performance. 
On the operational front, our consolidated manufacturing volumes remain stable while 
standalone manufacturing volume grew to 99,934 KL in Quarter 4 ended FY '25. While pricing 
headwinds affected our top-line, we maintained cost discipline with reduction in both finance 
cost and our employee cost in absolute and percentage terms, demonstrating our focus on 
efficiency. There has been a slight increase in other expenses, mainly due to the higher shipping 
freight rates arising from the global disruptions. However, these are expected to stabilize in the 
coming quarters. We remain firmly committed and focused through our long-term growth 
strategy. 
Our focus continues to be on expanding our presence in the White Oil segment particularly in 
the PHPO that is the Personal Care, Healthcare and Performance Oil segment. We are driving 
product diversification, geographic expansion and even deeper customer management with 
positioning us for sustainable growth and amid an evolving macroscopic landscape. While 
shipment delays and freight cost escalations have presented near-term challenges, we view this 
as very one-off and temporary disruptions. We are confident in gradual improvement in the 
quarter side as global chains are stabilizing. 
In terms of forward-looking developments, we are excited to share that your company has signed 
a non-binding agreement with the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Authority that is the JNPA for the 
proposed Vadhavan Port Project, a Greenfield deep draft major port being developed in Palghar 
district of Maharashtra in collaboration with the Maharashtra Maritime Board. The port is 
expected to have its completion by FY '30 is designed to handle a significant cargo volume 
including 23 million tons of container per annum. It will host multiple terminals including 
Container, Liquid Cargo and Coast Cargo, all the three. We intend to set up a terminal for the 
storage of our base oils, chemicals and other liquids, along with blending plant in the jetty. The 
Envisat investment stands at around Rs. 1,000 crores, subject to necessary regulatory clearance 
and successful bidding outcomes. We believe this project has the potential to significantly 
enhance our logistics efficiency and strengthen our long-term supply chain capabilities. 
With this, I hand over my call to Mr. Indrajit Bhattacharyya, who is the CFO who will take you 
through the financial in detail. Thank you once again. Over to you, Mr. Bhattacharyya. 

 
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
Thank you, Aslesh bhai and everyone who has joined us on this call. I shall now take you through 
the financial performance of Gandhar Oil Refinery for the 4th Quarter and the full year of FY 
'24-25. In Q4 FY '25, carrying on for the full year ending on FY '25, consolidated revenue stood 
at INR 38,969 million. On a consolidated basis, EBITDA for Q4 FY '25 stood at INR 336 
million. 
For the full year ended FY '25 EBITDA totaled at INR 1,756 million. Consolidated profit after 
tax for Q4 FY '25 was INR 123 million and for full year ended FY '25 stood at Rs. 835 million. 
On a consolidated basis, there has been marginal increase in inventory and debtors and the 
reduction in creditor days. The current ratio remains healthy. The debt equity ratio stays at 
nominal levels. 
Thank you for all your attention. This concludes my summarization and with that we will open 
the floor for any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Enigma. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Hi, sir. Sir, if I look at the presentation, gross profit has actually increased this quarter. This is 
in spite of our raw material prices correcting which would have led to inventory losses. So can 
you explain how did this happen and what is the quantum of inventory losses we had in Q4 and 
what will be the inventory losses we are already having in Q1 till now? 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
As far as inventory losses are concerned, like to point out that we hardly carry any significant 
inventory. So the question of inventory losses practically is minimum. And yes, the gross margin 
did improve because it also had led to an improvement in the procurement basis in the 
procurement terms. 
Viraj Mehta: 
So this 1,130 kind of gross margins in your view, is it kind of sustainable? 
Aslesh Parekh: 
The endeavor is to have increased gross margin. So obviously these are not the reflection of the 
gross fund that would like to keep. Obviously, internally, we have a benchmark of what gross 
margins we would like to achieve. Being a forward-looking statement, I would differ in giving 
you a forward-looking statement, but yes we would like to definitely improve the gross margin 
from where we are today in Quarter 4. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Right. And for post our IPO, if I see and again I am probably new to your company, so please 
pardon me if my question is not correct, but if I look at post-IPO from FY '23, our sales have 
essentially remained constant or fallen a little bit because of decreasing realization, but our 
EBITDA from Rs. 320 odd crores have fallen off the cliff to Rs. 175 crores. In your view, once 
the gross margins are stabilized and you will not see any temporary issues like freight, what is 
the sustainable gross margins you think you can do in EBITDA margins? 

 
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Aslesh Parekh: 
Yes, sure. See, although the revenue has been constant or a slight increase or decrease, but if 
you see the volume, if you compare it vis-a-vis volume, we have shown volume growth even in 
the last year ended FY '25. So there has been an increase in the volume basis. So that would be 
a real indicator in terms of the performance of the company because the revenue is a component 
of the raw material that we use which is subject to changes in the price because of the fluctuation. 
So there has been an increment in the volume terms which we already highlighted during my 
speech. Can you just repeat your second question? 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sir, EBITDA margins has significantly fallen since our IPO days. So, as an outside investor, I 
don't know what is the sustainable EBITDA margins because like are they what you were doing 
earlier as in high single digits or are they today 5%-6% is the real reflection of our numbers. So 
I don't know, so I am asking? 
Aslesh Parekh: 
See, as you are well aware that across the board including all the specialty chemical industries, 
there was COVID related incremental margins, which was there by all the companies which was 
even reported by us. So obviously, we would ensure that we would like to, obviously, the 
endeavor is to have high single digit or double digit of gross margins going forward, EBITDA 
margins going forward. That is the endeavor we would like to benchmark ourselves against. And 
we are trying our level best by optimizing our inventory, adding new products as well to achieve 
these gross margins. 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
Just to take off from there, we are in the process of getting into higher value addition products, 
which will contribute to higher EBITDA. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Thank you. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Isha Murthy from IM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Isha Murthy: 
Sir, as you mentioned that you target high EBITDA, so like considering the stabilization in the 
global supply chain you have also mentioned that so what is your outlook in the Financial Year 
'26? 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
So Financial Year ‘26 on a volume basis, we are projecting increased increment of about 10%-
12% and we anticipate that the realizations which are currently around at Rs. 76,000 per KL will 
also improve. Further, there is a big component of cost increase on account of the Red Sea issue. 
We are hopeful that should get stabilized. If that happens, the freight costs also will come down 
substantially. So yes, we are looking positive towards the next year. 
Isha Murthy: 
And my second question would be like how do you expect your product mix to evolve in like 
Financial Year ‘26 especially with PHPO currently contributing about 47.27%? 

 
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Aslesh Parekh: 
We have been trying to optimize our product mix by focusing more on value added products 
which are primarily in the PHPO segment. So our endeavor is to further strengthen our PHPO 
revenues and also further increase our PHPO revenues from where we are today. 
Isha Murthy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajeev Roy from RR Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajeev Roy: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. So first is, sir, how are we 
managing our raw material procurement and the pricing volatility, especially in lubricant and 
PIO segments? Second question is what is our current utilization rate across our manufacturing 
facilities and do we see any foresee in capacity constraints? 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
Taking your last question first, no capacity constraints at all because we have enhanced capacity 
at our Taloja plant last year itself and we have not yet reached that peak capacity utilization of 
the Taloja plant. So capacity is not a problem. Raw material is mostly procured from refineries 
across the globe. And this is index-based procurement and the entire pricing is index based and 
even with the movement in the price of crude, it gives us enough time to anticipate that 
movement and work it out. So it is a pretty tried and tested method which has worked out for us. 
Rajeev Roy: 
Sir, I have one more question. Sir, could you give me some color on any international markets 
which are driving our growth as of today? 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
Which are driving out? 
Rajeev Roy: 
Yes, which are helping us in driving the growth? 
Aslesh Parekh: 
See, Gandhar is exporting its product to 100 plus countries across the globe. The exports are 
almost evenly spread out across various regions, including Asia Pacific, America,  Africa. But 
if you look at the skewness, the majority of the sales are still coming in from Africa and South 
America. But we are trying to still strengthen our existing PHPO base of customers, including 
our multinational customers, like Unilever or Procter & Gamble and our local multinationals 
where we are adding new products and we are growing in terms of volume with the existing 
customers. 
Rajeev Roy: 
Thank you for answering the question. That is it from my side. 
Aslesh Parekh: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankita Agarwal from RK Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Ankita Agarwal: 
Sir, my question is regarding PHPO segment, which continues to lead the revenue. So are there 
any plans to expand the capacity or launch new products in this segment? 
Aslesh Parekh: 
We had undertaken a capacity expansion, which has just come to stream from I think late last 
year or early this year. So obviously there is no current requirement of capacity enhancement to 
be frank. But we are covered enough for at least next couple of years for the CAPEX as far as 
the capacities goes, but in case if we are able to sell our products quickly and if there be a need 
of doing a capacity expansion, we have enough strength in our balance sheet to take care of the 
future capacity expansion. Coming to your second question in terms of the PHPO, we are 
working on product line, we are planning to add new products as well. We will soon come back 
to you with what all the products we are adding in the near future which will further strengthen 
our margins. It is a little bit too early for me to discuss on what products we will be coming up 
with. 
Ankita Agarwal: 
Thank you. And also what factor contributed to this strong 19% year-on-year growth in 
standalone manufacturing volume? 
Aslesh Parekh: 
As informed in the call we had a drop in the export volume. So our sales team was capable 
enough in terms of distributing the product to domestic customers. So obviously there have been 
incremental new customers which have been added across the various categories plus we had 
because of the global disruption in exports, the team was versatile enough to focus on the 
domestic sales. 
Ankita Agarwal: 
Thank you. Thank you so much for answering. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Kevin Mehta from Star Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Kevin Mehta: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. So sir, I have two broadly questions. So first is, can you 
elaborate on the strategic rationale or expected benefits of Rs. 1,000 crores MoU with JNPA for 
the Vadhavan port project? 
Aslesh Parekh: 
See currently, there has just been a non-binding MoU which has been signed subject to we are 
getting, we awarding the tender, being awarded in the bidding. Obviously, we will be setting up 
a state-of-the-art blending facility and also a tank storage terminal over there. It is too early for 
me to tell you in terms of what could be the run rate because the project itself is getting started 
by end of 2030, so it is too early for us to give you a ballpark amount of savings that we may 
have or the sales that we have. 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
Incremental income also. 

 
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Kevin Mehta: 
Got it, sir. So any sort of planning regarding the funding sources you are considering for this 
investment? 
Aslesh Parekh: 
Obviously, it would be a combination of. 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
We have kept our options open over there. Obviously, we will be the major equity partner in 
that. We will also have available term loan facilities available for this and if required, we could 
also have set up an SPV with some other partner to get in, strategic and financial help in that 
matter. 
Aslesh Parekh: 
And just to add one more line, even if you see today, we don't have any long-term debt. Our 
long-term debt is 0. So obviously, we have enough strength in the balance sheet as well to take 
care of even this specific new project as well. 
Kevin Mehta: 
Got it. That was really helpful. And sir, can you help me with any sort of revenue guidance or 
the volume growth in coming years like FY '26 and beyond? 
Aslesh Parekh: 
See, obviously as Mr. Indrajit highlighted, the endeavor is to grow in double digit in terms of 
volume for FY '26 as well and we would like to keep this as a benchmark not only in top-line 
but even in bottom-line. 
Kevin Mehta: 
That answers my question. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moksh Ranka from Aurum Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Moksh Ranka: 
Hello, I would like to know, currently we have Rs. 305 Cr of debt, what is the peak debt which 
we are anticipating? 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
Sorry, we lost in between, can you speak a bit louder? 
Moksh Ranka: 
Yes, so we currently have around Rs. 300 Cr of debt. So could you give some color on debt 
reduction plan or is this the peak debt? 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
No, most of the debt that you see over here, there is no debt on this standalone level. The most 
of the debt that you see over here is on account of our subsidiary at Sharjah. It is expected to 
reduce as we go ahead because the utilizations, the churning will be quicker. So I don't see us 
having debt beyond this. It could be incremental slightly. Otherwise, this is the peak debt. 
Moksh Ranka: 
And what is the current capacity utilization? 

 
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
In the Indian plants, the capacity utilization would be around that 85%-86%. On account of the 
recently installed capacity at the Indian plants, at the Sharjah plant the capacity is around 60%-
65%. 
Moksh Ranka: 
And when would we look at CAPEX, at what capacity utilization, we would look at CAPEX if 
any? 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
And see, like Mr. Aslesh just explained right now, we have installed capacity right now which 
is spare. See what capacity we built up at the end of last year, last year means 24 all that will 
come, it will take us 2-3 years to catch up to that capacity. So we don't see any capacity 
enhancement required in the next 2-3 years. After that, we see the CAPEX. 
Moksh Ranka: 
And last question, could you give some color on, we are getting into some value-added products. 
So generally, comparing to our current gross margins, these value-added products, how gross 
margin improvement we can see in those? 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
So these value-added products are mostly in PHPO and lubricants and if and when they do 
happen, this will generate additional gross margin. We expect the gross margin to go up 
significantly by 4%-5%. 
Moksh Ranka: 
That is it from me now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aditya: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, firstly, did we have any FOREX losses in the second-
half? 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
No, we are FOREX positive. 
Aditya: 
And sir now freight costs, we mentioned that it has increased because of Red Sea crisis, sir, from 
what I understand this issue was in the first half of FY '25, post that the freight cost had reduced. 
So why has it still affected us in Q4? 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
No, the vessels are still not going through the Red Sea. The vessels are still going down, all the 
way down to Cape of Good Hope to go across, so that is why the freight cost still remains the 
same. We had expected with the coming of the recent US President that this issue will probably 
even out, but it has still not happened and the Red Sea still remains an issue. 
Aditya: 
Understood. And sir, what would be the rate differential between going from that 2 routes? 
Aslesh Parekh: 
Sorry, come again. 

 
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
The rate differential between the two routes. 
Aslesh Parekh: 
The differential is the difference, the incremental freight that we had incurred. 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
So just to give you an indicator, we have additional freight cost during this year of close to Rs. 
13 crores which was not there last y 
ear. 
Aslesh Parekh: 
But as you rightly said, the freight rates have started softening as we see from the end of March, 
early April. So obviously I think we will not have this additional freight cost in the quarter 
coming forward. 
Aditya: 
Got it, sir. Thanks, sir for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Patel from Patel Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavesh Patel: 
Thank you for the opportunity and thanks a lot Aslesh bhai as well as Abhijit for setting up this 
call and giving us the opportunity to interact, I hope you will continue this practice. My question 
is around you did answer in terms of the CAPEX plan that worked out for both Taloja as well as 
Silvassa and how the margin would expand around it, but is there any impact because of the 
tariff war that we are having with US because I do remember we did close out the USFDA 
observations and we were hoping to have some more higher margin products especially for US? 
That is number one and the second is, why do we diversify into building that Vadhavan port 
terminal rather than growing inorganically in terms of buying the smaller companies in our core 
domain itself, those are the two strategic questions from my side? 
Aslesh Parekh: 
See, as far as, you are correct, we got a USFDA approval in the month of October last year. The 
idea was to expand our PHPO portfolio, which we are focused on and which we are doing by 
adding new products. We have started getting orders from customers after this USFDA approval. 
The volumes have increased. There has been traction from the customers as well since the plant 
is now FDA approved. Coming back to your second question on tariff war, currently, the product 
that we are exporting, there is no such new tariff being as of now, while we speak there is no 
such incremental tariff being added on the products that we are currently exporting. So we are 
hopeful enough that Trump would not be adding tariff to this kind of product. Now, coming to 
your second on diversification into Vadhavan port, see majority of our business if you look at 
the total landscape at Gandhar, it will be imports and exports. So there would be substantial 
amount of saving in case we have a facility in the port, which would help in optimization of our 
transportation cost, optimization of the resources being required and in terms also help us in 
achieving the sustainability factor. 

 
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
This is more or less a lateral integration on our part because storage is a very important part in 
our business and also this gives us additional storage facility, reduces the storage requirement 
and also gives us opportunity to lease the additional storage facility that will generate and 
generate income out of that. So it is not exactly absolute different field that we are getting into. 
Bhavesh Patel: 
Sure. Understood. Thank you. And again at the right time, but I hope with a strong balance sheet, 
you are also looking at inorganic growth as well as because organic growth you are talking about 
high teens or lower double-digit teens, but basically having that inorganic growth will be far 
better? 
Aslesh Parekh: 
We are open for inorganic growth as well. So obviously, the team is looking for the right ticket 
and the right size of the transaction to happen. So we are having our eyes open. 
Bhavesh Patel: 
Perfect. Thank you very much and all the very best, very hopeful, continue your great efforts. 
Thank you. 
Aslesh Parekh: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Viral Sanklecha from MUFG Intime for closing comments. 
Viral Sanklecha: 
Thank you. I would like to thank the Management for taking this time out for this conference 
call today and thanks to all the participants. If you have any queries, please feel free to contact 
us. We are MUFG Intime India Private Limited Investor Relations Advisors to Gandhar Oill 
Refinery India Limited. Thank you so much. 
Indrajit Bhattacharyya: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
