 
Regd. Office: HDFC Bank Limited, HDFC Bank House, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel (West), Mumbai – 400 013 
 
 
 
 
Ref. No. SE/2025-26/20 
 
April 24, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Dept of Corporate Services 
 
 
The Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
 
Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip code: 500180                                        
Scrip code: HDFCBANK 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025 
 
We wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings Call with analysts and 
investors held on April 19, 2025 with respect to the financial results of the Bank for the quarter and 
year ended March 31, 2025 has been made available on the website of the Bank at the below link:  
 
https://www.hdfcbank.com/personal/about-us/investor-relations/financial-results 
 
A copy of the transcript is annexed herewith.  
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
 
Ajay Agarwal 
Company Secretary  
Group Head – Secretarial & Group Oversight 
Encl: a/a 
CIN: L65920MH1994PLC080618 
Email: shareholder.grievances@hdfcbank.com 
Website: www.hdfcbank.com 
 
HDFC Bank Limited, 
HDFC House,  
H.T. Parekh Marg 165-166, Backbay 
Reclamation, 
Churchgate, 
Mumbai- 
400020 Tel.:022-66316000 
 
AJAY 
GIRIDHARILAL 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by AJAY 
GIRIDHARILAL AGARWAL 
Date: 2025.04.24 17:52:49 
+05'30'

  
 
 
“HDFC Bank Limited 
Q4 FY ’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 19, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SASHIDHAR JAGDISHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – HDFC BANK 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SRINIVASAN VAIDYANATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HDFC BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. BHAVIN LAKHPATWALA – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT, INVESTOR RELATIONS – HDFC BANK 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to HDFC Bank Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Vaidyanathan, Chief Financial Officer, HDFC 
Bank. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. Thank you. Good evening, and welcome to all. We have with us Sashi Jagdishan, MD, and 
CEO. We'll request him to give some opening remarks before we can jump in. Sashi, over to you 
for any remarks that you have. 
Sashidhar Jagdishan: 
Thank you Srini and thank you all for joining in on a Saturday evening. You probably would have 
seen the press release and the investor presentation that the team would have put it up. So let me 
give you a very brief context as to how we have done on a broad basis before Srini takes over some 
of the finer points. Within the global context, we believe India is well placed. RBI has recently 
commenced cutting rates. 
 
The moderation in food inflation and headline inflation also augurs well. We've already seen 2 rate 
cuts and the change in stance from neutral to accommodative is a welcome relief to all of us. RBI 
intends to increase durable liquidity, which is followed by concrete actions, which, along with rate 
cuts, will help supporting the GDP growth. For FY '26, we expect the GDP to be supported by a 
pickup in rural spending, discretionary consumer demand and investment activity. 
 
Of course, the goods exports may be impacted until the global trade and tariff situation becomes 
far more clearer. We acknowledge that the global macroeconomic outlook has become more 
uncertain due to the recent trade tariff-related measures and the volatility surrounding them. This 
may potentially impact global inflation leading to lower growth across economies. 
 
Corporates have adopted a wait-and-watch stance, and we are waiting for more clarity. We remain 
watchful. Coming to the bank. As you recall, we spelled it out in Q4 of last year and to be more 
precise, I think, somewhere around February. 
 
We continue to be on the journey that we spelled out. Our credit deposit ratio has been brought 
down from the highs at the time of merger, which was at about 110% to around 96% as of March 
2025. Our deposits have grown faster than the system and so has it grown faster than our loans as 
well. 
 
Next year, in line with what we had committed, the adjustment in CD ratio will not be so steep, 
supporting the loan growth for the bank, but it will be on a downward path. Cost remains under a 
tight leash, and we expect this to continue. Asset quality one of our USPs, remains pristine. 
 
As liquidity and growth improve, we are well placed to grow in both assets and deposits. We have 
been doing a lot of work on technology over the last few years and we should start reaping the 
benefits of the same gradually during the course of the year. This is a space to watch out for, and 
we shall unveil at the appropriate time. 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
I would like to express my gratitude to all our employees for their hard work and performance and 
to our shareholders and all of you who are on this call for being very patient with us during this 
period of adjustment. Thank you so much. 
 
Srini, over to you. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. Thank you, Sashi, for those remarks. With that, we can open it up, and we'll use the time 
for questions. Please go ahead whoever is on the queue, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We'll take a first question from the line of Chintan Joshi from 
Autonomous. Please go ahead.  
Chintan Joshi: 
Hi, good evening. Can I start with NIM? Some expansion coming through this quarter, if you could 
explain what the drivers of that expansion was? And also how we can think about NIMs 
progressing over the next year? On one hand, you've got the rate cuts, but on the other hand, your 
funding synergies are gradually coming through. Do you think if you see 100 bps rate cycle, NIMs 
can be higher than where we are today? 
 
That's on NIMs. And then the second question I have is more on the corporate sector. If I look at 
cash and investments on corporate sector balance sheet over the last 3, 4 years and how they park 
it in the banking system that's kind of gone up significantly. But these deposits are short term in 
nature, we don't have the LCR benefit like we have with the household sector, how does the bank 
take on these deposits? How do they use it? 
 
I assume they can't really be used for term lending. It would be helpful to understand in this period 
where we've got geopolitical uncertainty, there will be even more corporate deposits, how does the 
banking system or yourselves use that? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. Two things. One is at the macro level. First, I'll take the NIM first. You saw the NIM for us 
over the last 12 months if you see, operated in a very narrow band, 3.4 to 3.5. Last year, March 
quarter was 3.44; now on a core basis, 3.46; last quarter was 3.43 and so on, so it's in a very narrow 
band plus/minus 5 basis points here and there, that's where the NIM has operated. And if you look 
at the components of the NIM, one is the cost of funds, which is in one of our pages where we 
published that, which is I think is on Page number 15, I think it is in our deck. 
 
The cost of funds is also very stable at about 4.9. And there are two things going on in the cost of 
funds to be stable there. One is the borrowing mix has come down during this time period, 
whatever is on the page there, you see that the borrowing mix in the first of the time period, 
December '23 was 21% and then from then on last March, it was 18% and now it is 14% borrowing 
mix. So that's one of the tailwind that contributed as a positive item to the cost of funds. 
 
Then there is a headwind in the cost of funds we have seen is the customer preference towards 
time deposit. If you see the rate of growth even in the recent time period, time deposit rate of 
growth, INR2 trillion in a full year time period. In the quarter, this quarter, recent quarter, about 
INR0.8 trillion time deposit rate of growth, 20%-or-so, right? So we have seen that. 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
So the CASA ratio mix has not been favorable. It's an adverse variance there, right? But between 
all of these, the cost of funds, we kept it stable by selecting retail deposits and not pricing up on 
the nonretail deposits, and we'll come to the second aspect of what you asked. 
 
So the nonretail we've been circumspect, even I think it's going back to almost December '23, that 
time period itself, we saw that the pricing on the nonretail deposit was unacceptably high and 
competitive without consideration for the liquidity lendable value of those deposits. So we remain 
circumspect and didn't price, but try to manage it in a way that it's in a very narrow band there. 
 
Now come to the yield on assets, the other component of the NIM before we get to the conclusion 
of what you'd asked. So if you look at the yield on assets, they've also been pretty stable between 
8.3%, 8.4% that's the level at which we operated and that's how we manage that. 
 
Now yield on assets if you see here, the retail will give more yield than the nonretail because then 
you'll have to pay through credit cost in some manner now or at some point in time. But we have 
had a balanced growth there to manage this yield in a very stable band there. 
 
And again selection, we have seen over the last 12 months, 18 months, the corporate loans of the 
larger ticket corporate loans and the larger ticket SME loans, have been very competitive, 
particularly coming from certain public sector institutions where the growth is an objective and 
not necessarily margin or returns, we have seen that pricing is very, very low on those. 
 
I mean the loan spreads have been very low compared to the bond spreads. That means when the 
bond spreads moves up or down, the loan spreads is not moving, it's actually coming down, which 
is what we are seeing. Now we try to manage it through appropriate selection, both -- quality is, 
of course, the first criteria for selection. Quality passes, it has to pass the rate and if it doesn't 
passes, we were happy to let go and not necessarily bulk up the balance sheet because we said we 
can reposition the balance sheet and grow the loans at any time. So that's how we manage that. 
Now coming to what's happened in the recent time period; 3, 4 basis points always moves at any 
time for various reasons. So there's no one particular one we can say. Of course, there is a cash 
reserve ratio that changed sometime in December. So there was some positive impact last quarter 
and the balance of the positive impact in this quarter, call it, a couple of basis points. 
And then a few basis points moves up and down. There is no kind of a finesse. And similarly, 
when the NPA changes, lower agriculture in the March quarter that also is a good kind of a margin 
benefit you get to some extent, but they're all within a narrow band. 
Now where does it go? I don't want to provide an outlook where this goes. But all I want to tell 
you is that I described to you this long to tell you how we think about margin and how we manage, 
which is policy rates change, so the loans that are linked to policy rates like the repo rate gets 
changed right away, so which is a headwind. 
And the faster the policy rate changes, it starts to factor in faster. The deposit side or the funding 
side rates take time to factor it in. So I would urge not to look at quarter-to-quarter because it's not 
something that could be managed at all because the policy can change tomorrow and then the 
deposit rates can change over time. 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 5 of 17 
 
So you have to look at it at least a year or longer than a year to see how stable and how we are 
managing that margin level, which is what on the page that you are seeing shows that Page 15 at 
that kind of a level stability how it gets managed. That's the first part. The second part is you talked 
about the cash and investment and the corporate sector balance sheet, how it gets deployed. 
Again, the first part I tried to answer that certain categories of deposits have lower lendable value 
and the market doesn't price appropriately for that lendable value because that's how it should be. 
Typically, those kind of segmented deposits should be lower than a retail because the retail is the 
highest lendable value you can get. But these type of deposits are priced far higher than the retail 
deposits. So thereby only for large relationships, and where we could get certain other product mix 
aligned well, we patronize and participate. 
And there are certain other institutions like affiliated institutions to large corporates that we 
patronize and hold it. That's because we want to keep the wallet share on our lending. We are the 
largest working capital bank in the country, so we want to keep that wallet share growing in a 
reasonable manner. So we participate to some extent on these. Otherwise, we don't bid for these 
kind of deposits. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Good evening and congratulations. I had two questions. The first one is on deposit growth. So 
large banks have cut deposit rates in the most popular buckets by 30 to 45 bps, which is of course 
transmission, but are you comfortable that the liquidity position has changed enough to support a 
healthy deposit growth for the system and yourself? Because tight liquidity was really a big issue 
for the last 1.5 years, except in the last 2 to 3 months. So that's my first question. 
And my second question is on your priority progress. Of course, your CRB has been growing faster 
than your other loans. But if at all there are any shortfalls, how would that be managed? Would 
that have any ROA impact, so just a focused discussion on how priority will be managed? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. First is if I get on the rates and deposits as such, right? One is that it's not -- the deposit rate 
change, if you noticed, while we may have had gone first or second or whatever it is, across the 
industry, you're seeing -- at least the large top 3, 5 players you are seeing responded to the policy 
rate change. So that's something that was part of the transmission process. 
 
The loan transmission for good amount happens automatically because of the linked to policy 
rates. And on the deposit side, one has to manage it and announce it after deliberation. So you have 
seen that happen. So there is no change as such from a competitive positioning or whatever. 
 
All that differentiates with that ability to reach, that means have the distribution reach, bring in 
new customers, have better engagement through the RMs, that's been what we have done in the 
past, that's how we have grown, if you see the past year, rate of deposit growth about 15.8%-or-
so, that's INR3.4 trillion in the year. So we continue to be optimistic and continue to have that 
approach of energy to get that market share gaining, right?  

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 6 of 17 
 
So the rate is not a differentiator in the past, and we don't think rate is a differentiator to win 
something because that would be very transitional and a short-term approach to getting that. So 
that's one on deposits, right? We continue to be playing on an even field there, and we're confident 
of how we are positioned for that. Second aspect of what you asked is the priority sector lending.  
While the priority sector details get published in the annual report, but nevertheless, at an aggregate 
level, as we have said in the past, we do meet that 40% that is required. We're slightly above that 
level in terms of the aggregate priority sector lending. There are two sub-segments, which is the 
small and marginal farmer segment and a weaker section that always calls for something that 
inorganically, that means how do we go and buy it in the market either through certificates, IBPC, 
PTCs or any other manner or through on-lending program.  
There are several instruments that we use and we keep on. And if none of those economics work 
well, there is always the last resort is the RIDF. That's not our first -- if you don't get any of these 
done, then there is RIDF, right? If you look at the cost dynamics of any of these things, they all 
work almost very similar dynamics to the overall P&L. You rightfully so touched up on returns. 
What does it mean to returns? Whether you have one or the other instrument, the impact on the 
return is very similar, there's no difference. And that is what historically also we have done.  
Even if you look at the year that has gone by, we were about 1%-or-so short on these kind of 
segments. And even now, we continue to look for and search for how to close in that last 1% across 
SMF for the weaker and we will endeavor to do and close as much as we can. If not, the alternatives 
are already there, yes. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay, perfect. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Anand Swaminathan from Bank of 
America. Please go ahead. 
Anand Swaminathan: 
I have a couple of questions. Sashi, first question is on CRB. There has been a lot of media noise 
around senior management and some changes. It would be great if you could give us some 
confidence around what's happening and give us some clarity around that?  
 
That's number one. And number two, on ROAs. We have successfully defended the 1.8% ROA 
we've been guiding for the last several quarters. Srini, as we go into the rate cut cycle and growth 
slightly improving in the FY '26, do we have enough levers to defend this 1.8% level or we should 
expect a brief kind of decline and then come back above 1.8% when growth eventually recovers? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. I'm going to get it started first in terms of what it is, right? See, if you see, we had a 
reorganization. And Rahul Shukla who heads the commercial and rural banking had taken personal 
time off and is on sabbatical, right? So he's taken some time off or whatever, family reasons and 
so on. And the reorganization is expected to accomplish a few things, right? 
 
One is, if you see what is going on particularly in the rural segment, take -- example, I'll give you 
the -- how we are thinking about to drive certain synergy and capture the growth opportunity and 
bring some productivity, right?  

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 7 of 17 
 
So that's both from a customer point of view, better engagement; and from people point of view, 
better productivity and what does it do to get that. One is, simple thing, if you take about 
agriculture, that's now part of the retail management team who handled the two-wheeler and auto 
business and so on, that's the same kind of a leadership that handles agriculture. So once we reach 
the farmer, you know that as part of the prior growth approach, we expanded our geographical 
reach to 2.25 lakh -- 225,000 villages. 
 
Now the next phase of this growth is having a presence there, we need to go capture the volumes, 
that is reach out in the vicinity of those villages the right kind of farmer to bring in. So right now, 
we envisage not to just do an agriculture loan because that particular town, that farmer, that family 
and the neighbors do need a 2-wheeler, do need a car, auto loan and so on and so forth. 
 
So under the same team that we are trying to get these kind of multiple products made available to 
them. And also, if you look at where this particular thing is positioned, it's also positioned 
alongside the gold loan business. You know that in the country, a lot of farmers have gold and use 
gold for financing appropriately and perhaps rightfully so to fund the requirements of the farm. 
 
And so now these synergies are expected. And what does it do? It enables us to have a frequent 
connect with that farmer and that community in the rural segment through these kind of products 
which we are having. So it enhances our periodicity at which we will touch that customer. And so 
since we are delivering multiple products to the same customer, we do anticipate this is supposed 
to give better people productivity. 
 
So I gave you one example, and that's how if you look at anything, all of those things that we have 
done is expected to provide the significant lift in productivity across all of these product and 
geography and customer segments that we are operating. So that's one, I hope, that gives you the 
context of the CRB, what goes on... 
Sashidhar Jagdishan: 
Srini, I would like to add to whatever you have said. Rahul was one of our very good business 
managers. And obviously, he did express, as Srini mentioned, his desire to go on a sabbatical 
because he had some personal matters to attend to with his family and the academics of his 
children. 
 
But having said that, he built a very strong team. And as you probably heard Srini, we have 
reorganized the entire asset side of the balance sheet under an even more abler individual. As you 
know, Kaizad now handles the entire asset side of the balance sheet and the investment banking 
business. And all the heads who have been with us, we have, as we have mentioned several times 
in the past, we have a very good depth in management and they now all of them have now handle 
larger businesses and report to the Deputy Managing Director. 
 
I'm quite excited about this reorganization, and I'm sure that we will harness the most optimal way 
to find growth and as Srini mentioned, synergies between various asset groups so that we can 
optimize even our resources at the grassroots levels, so that there is not too much of an overlap. 
So this is going to be a very exciting period for us, and you will start to see a lot more efficiencies 
and even greater hunger than what we have seen from the CRB and the entire asset side of the 
balance sheet. 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
Obviously, optimizing yields, optimizing the need to maintain priority sector requirements and 
other aspects as well. So this is a year to watch out for in terms of the kind of benefits that will 
accrue from this so-called massive reorganization that we have undertaken during the year. Yes, 
Srini, over to you. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Yes. Thank you for that additional color. Very good. Now getting to your second aspect of ROA. 
See, if you see our ROA has operated around that 1.9 level, right, plus/minus a few basis points. 
Ever since we accomplished the merger July 1, 2023, it's been approximately around that level, 
right? We're consistently delivering there. 
 
When you had asked about what does it do in a different rate scenario, if whatever happens? I 
talked about the margin in a couple of questions before in terms of how we think about the margin 
to be within a stable range, right? So ROA similarly can move around 5, 10 basis points. 
 
Our long-term average of ROA, if you see, somewhere, I think we have published that also. Over 
a 10-year, 15-year period, if you see, anywhere between a merger or pre-merger or post-merger, 
any which way if you look at it, 1.9 to 2.1. 
 
And for many instances, the frequency of two is the highest. And sometimes we'd had 1.9 and 
sometimes we'd 2.1. So that is the optimal level, right, at which it operates. If the ROA tends for 
better cost of credit or better margin that comes through and for cost efficiency and so on, to some 
extent, there is always a reinvestment opportunity because at the end of the day, our market share 
on deposits is 11. 
 
Our market share on distribution, which is branches is 6% and our market share on loans is 14%. 
So we still have enormous room and a need to make investments, pace those investments 
appropriately to keep growing for the long term. So that's in that narrow band that we operate. So 
there is no one particular -- can we have a 10 basis points change in a year possible? Absolutely 
possible. But can it be far higher than that? Not likely, right? Because we have operated in a stable 
band up or down. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Anand Swaminathan: 
Thank you Srini. That is very useful. Just a quick follow-up… 
Moderator: 
I request you to join back the queue for follow-up question, please, as we have other participants 
waiting for their turn. Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Rikin Shah from 
IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Rikin Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Two quick questions. First one for the repo-link loans. Do they get 
repriced immediately as soon as the repo rate changes? Or is there usually a lag of a few months 
from the change of repo rate? And secondly, an extension to this, does the number of days impact 
your reported margins? That's the first question. And the second one is, was there any reversal on 
AIF provisions in this quarter? Those are my two questions. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. So in terms of the timing of the repo rate change and so thereby the transmission or flow-
through, by product, it is different. If you think about mortgages, which is 30% of the book-or-so, 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 9 of 17 
 
it can happen in the immediate cycle, rate changes and in the following month cycle, it can happen. 
So it can be anywhere within a month, it can happen. If you look at corporate loan or something, 
it can happen immediately. 
 
So it depends on product to product and the contractual arrangements, which are there in terms of 
the repricing frequency. But no -- it will not be a kind of an annual or something like that. It can 
be a month, it can be a quarter, but not something that it takes a year to get that transmitted. And 
your second aspect of number of days, yes, it can be a couple of basis points, it happens all the 
time. And yes, that's possible. 
Rikin Shah: 
Got it. And the reversal of AIF provision, please? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: AIF, there's nothing significant in this quarter in terms of the contingency. If you remember the 
AIF provision that we had last financial year, not the one that ended, was about INR1,200 crores-
or-so. Then after the RBI clarification in the beginning of the recent financial year, it was taken 
down. And then depending on the volumes that move up and down, it moves, but there's nothing 
significant as such on that, yes. 
Rikin Shah: 
Okay. The context of this question, Srini, was that in Note number 15 to your results, it says that 
AIF-related provision stock is around INR288 crores right now. The last quarter, it read around 
INR350 crores. So I just wanted to clarify, was there any reversal or just some of the AIF 
investments matured and hence, you were not required to carry them? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: So yes, it was not required, but then it didn't survive to the P&L to the bottom because there are 
so many ins and outs that happens in the provision. So the way of contingent provision didn't 
happen because at the end, there was some net addition of INR60 crores for various other reasons. 
So it didn't survive to the P&L to the bottom line, yes. 
Rikin Shah: 
Understood. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. Thanks for taking the question. A couple of questions. So firstly, again, sorry to harp again 
on margins. But the way you have been indicating the balance sheet construct is such that we 
should be able to operate margins within a narrow band, does that really change with the relatively 
higher repo rate cut? Or do we have additional levers to still manage margins relatively better 
compared to that of peers? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Yes. That's a good question, Kunal. Thanks for asking that. One is that when the policy rate 
changes in a steady manner over a longer period of time, you know that the adjustment that is 
required from a cost of funds catches up to neutralize -- to keep the margin safe. But if in quick 
succession the policy rate changes, then the matching of the cost of funds takes longer time. So 
that means you cannot look at whether it is in a narrow band in a quarter-to-quarter period. But 
when you look at a year, you will be able to see that it is in a very narrow band. 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. So on CASA, we have been indicating that in the falling interest rate cycle, generally, we 
would tend to improve the CASA, but the rate action both on the savings as well as FD seems to 
be almost similar or savings is relatively higher, then would it be fair to assume that maybe the 
overall structurally declining SA that phase can very much continue? 
And maybe a follow-up on the LDR. When you indicated that now LDR we will not see a steep 
decline, are we changing a stance that we need to get it to the premerger level at an accelerated 
pace and maybe even if it holds relatively higher at 90, 92, we would be comfortable then over the 
next 18, 24 months? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. First is the CASA. I do want to go back to describing that, right? The empirical study, both 
industry as well as for us, which is published CASA ratio and the policy rates if you see over a 15-
year period through the up and down rate cycle, the CASA has moved in the opposite direction, 
which is when the rate goes up, CASA ratio goes down; and the rate starts to come down, there is 
some lag. It's not instantaneous. A few quarters lag, the CASA starts to go up. 
So you'll see that if you map us over a 15-year period and the industry, you'll see that it moves up 
and down. So we do -- if the empirical is repeated, there is no reason to believe that it would not 
be the same or we're not seeing something different as such, we should get the CASA back, but 
not in a hurry, right? Because there have been 2 rate cuts that have happened. We need to wait and 
see how this stabilizes, what the global macro effects, what it plays in the country, both from an 
inflation cost and purchasing power of people.  
We need to see how all of those plays out, which you have seen in the last 12, 18 months that 
middle to the lower segment did not have adequate disposable income to be put in savings because 
they were using it for their day-to-day needs. So that's why you saw CASA had one more nuance 
to it that it came down, right? People had less to save. They were spending on certain things and 
money was moving from household to non-household and so on and so forth. So that's in terms of 
the CASA as such. 
Kunal Shah: 
And LDR? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: LDR, I'll take a shot at it to see. See, what we had described, Kunal, last quarter or even about a 
year ago is that the LDR will come down to the premerger level, 85 to 90; more precisely, it was 
87-and-change the quarter before the merger, 85 to 90 is what we have operated, that will come 
into that range in FY '27.  
So that is why we saw that the loan growth in this year that went by, FY '25, will be lower than 
the prior year for the industry and we took that opportunity, both industry loan growth going down 
and pricing being not to our liking, we accelerated to say, let's take this opportunity to slow down 
even further. So we grew at 7.7%, the assets under management in this recent time period.  
We have also indicated that in FY '26, we are subject to appropriate pricing, quality is always 
given, appropriate pricing that we will be growing at the market rate of growth. If you see the 
recent quarter that went by, March quarter '25, our sequential momentum growth was about 3.3%, 
which call it approximately annualized 12% or 13% thereabout.  

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 11 of 17 
 
So I'm not giving you an outlook of what you should expect, I'm just describing what happened in 
the recent time period and that's the kind of velocity at which it was growing. So we do expect that 
FY '27 is when it will come below that 90 mark. So at this moment, there is no other approach that 
we are having. And we continue to power on getting the right kind of deposits at the right price to 
keep that leadership position and gaining market share on deposits. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Abhishek M. from HSBC. 
Abhishek M.: 
So a couple of very quick clarifications and then one question. The first is when you say repo cut 
gets passed on right away, does it happen exactly right away or does it happen on a particular day 
in a month or a particular day in a quarter? When does the transmission actually happen? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: It can happen -- if your repricing date is set for 15th, it is 15th. If Bhavin's reset date is set for 25th, 
it is 25th. If my reset date is 5th, it is 5th. And it depends product to product. And that means the 
mortgage product is different. Wholesale product is different. SME product is different. So it is 
different product. There's no one that is what it’s broadly. Will a good amount reprice in a month? 
Yes. Will most of it reprice in 3 months? Absolutely. 
Abhishek M.: 
Right. So the cumulative impact will probably be seen in Q1 may not have been seen in Q4 yet, 
that's the understanding, right? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: That is correct. 
Abhishek M.: 
Right. And then just in terms of the... 
Bhavin Lakhpatwala: 
Abhishek, also the fact that quarter 4 -- Abhishek, the first repo rate cut happened in February 
itself. So even the full quarter impact of that you have not seen, you will see that only in the April 
to June quarter. So you'll see the full 50 basis points impact happening in this quarter, what you've 
not seen perhaps in the fourth quarter. 
Abhishek M.: 
Perfect. Yes. That's what I wanted to clarify. And therefore, in terms of the NIM trajectory, right, 
1Q would anyway not have any benefit from the TD cuts that you are taking now? So there should 
be a bigger impact in 1Q and then through the year, you would see some benefit of the rate cut, 
etcetera, that you're taking, that should build up... 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: That is correct, but I do not want to talk about it quarter-to-quarter at all. You should look at a year 
because we do not know what will come next week or next month, so we will handle it as a 
management appropriately to market needs and customer needs. 
Abhishek M.: 
Yes, fair enough. And therefore, in terms of this 2% ROA target, let's say, is this like now a 2-year 
or a 3-year kind of target? Because it will take time for cost of funds to catch up and for policy 
rates to maybe stabilize at some level. So does this become like a '27 or '28 kind of target for you? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: I don't want to give you an outlook. And by the way, I do not know where you picked up a target 
of a 2% ROA. We've not specified that. All we specified even in this call earlier was that when 
you look at the frequency of the 2% over the last 10 years or 15 years, the 2% has been the 
maximum frequency at which we have hit on an annual basis. That's what I mentioned. 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Abhishek M.: 
Yes. Okay. Fair enough. So let me modify the question. Basically, do you have any other levers in 
your P&L, maybe fees or maybe opex where you could see some improvement from here? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: We have told you about the opex, right, in terms of how we have made investments, if you think 
about the branch investments, and so the time for getting some realization benefits as well as the 
productivity benefits are on the anvil on that. If you look at a 5-year period, 250 branches to 350 
branches to 750 to 1,400-something to 900 to 700 something now. So in terms of the branches, 
this is the last 5, 6 years, if you see that we have built, right? Even the recent time period, 700 
branches, if you see, is almost 2x what we were doing 5 years ago in terms of the branch.  
So we have accelerated and made those investments. And now we are pressing on that to get better 
productivity, and thereby, the efficiency to come in. Again, the trajectory of that is not quarter-to-
quarter, not linear, but the trajectory of that is for the cost to income to improve. And again, one 
other aspect I do want to tell not just look at cost to income, please look at cost to assets too, where 
we are the best-in-class in terms of cost to assets at about 1.9-and-change. 
Abhishek M.: 
Yes, exactly. So that is why I was wondering if it can improve even further from here because 
you're already very efficient when you compare to your peers? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: We are efficient, and we continue to press on new technologies and press on greater productivity, 
yes, indeed. 
Abhishek M: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Harsh Modi from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Harsh Modi: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for allowing to ask questions. First is on CASA market share. Could you provide 
some details over, let's say, next 18 months to 24 months, how do you see your both CA and SA 
market share evolve and is there any particular number that we could think about in terms of CASA 
ratio, let's say, over 18 months to 24 months? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: In a different form, it's the same question of an outlook or a target that want us to specify. The 
opportunity exists. Our total market share is 11. The time deposit or CASA market share is give 
and take around that level. So which means we are evenly positioned, take time deposit could be 
11.5 and CASA could be 10.5 and so somewhere in that level. That's where we are in terms of the 
market share.  
The opportunity exists across both of this. I do want one other very important factor to tell and 
which we have been mentioning over the last 3 years, 4 years. The penetration of time deposit in 
our customer base is low. So we do see opportunity space for getting better customer relationship 
through those time deposits. So we cannot leave it on the table to say just because it is time deposit, 
we don't want.  
We want that customer relationship because that's based on customer needs. So I cannot tell you 
that we drive to one ratio and our goal is to have this ratio and so on. Our goal is to have the 
predominant share, wallet share of the customer whatever comes. And so thereby, that is how it is 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 13 of 17 
 
operated. And that is how the market share, if you see 11%, either any of these CASA or time 
deposits hovers around that kind of level. 
Harsh Modi: 
Right. Okay, I understand that, Srini. If I could rephrase the question, especially for savings 
account market share. Incremental savings account market share over next 18 months to 24 months 
given your investments in branches that you just explained and technology and best-in-class 
distribution network, do you expect to gain meaningful market share on savings account in next 
18 to 24 month or would you probably just be maintaining your market share over the next 18 to 
24 months, how do we think about that? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Our ambition and our historical experience has always been to gain market share. That is how we 
are positioned. How much we gain depends on market conditions at any point in time and the 
disposable income in the hands of the customers, depending on how the inflation plays out, how 
the wage growth plays out and so on and so forth and market returns as well as is another aspect 
of it, yes, which we have seen in the last 12 months when the market returns were high, we have 
seen some investment into the markets. 
Harsh Modi: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Param Subramanian from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Param Subramanian: 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Just a few data-keeping questions. Firstly, what 
is the maturity of the term deposits on book? I don't mean on sourcing, on book. And similarly 
how much of your borrowings mature over the course of next year? 
Bhavin Lakhpatwala: 
No, you'll get some of these things you'll get once the annual report is out. We don't have that, 
some of these things handy because it belongs to multiple buckets that goes through. So on the 
time deposit, we can't really have a number to give out to say this is a maturity that you're looking 
for. And sorry the second question. 
Param Subramanian: 
Yes, broad number would also do, Bhavin? 
Bhavin Lakhpatwala: 
No, it's not something which we can just, I mean, difficult to put a number out that way. And sorry, 
can you repeat the second question again, please? 
Param Subramanian: 
On borrowings over the next 12 months. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: See, two things on borrowings. There is a maturity profile, which also last time we published, I 
think it's 0.5 trillion or thereabouts of the legacy bond borrowings will mature. And we will have 
opportunity space to have some new borrowings, which is infrastructure borrowings, which could 
be much more cost effective. So it depends on the market rates and there's no one particular 
strategy. We do the breakeven between certain category of deposits and infrastructure borrowings.  
And in many instances, we see the infra borrowings could be better. So again, I don't know what 
the market rate will be when we go to the market, but both of these are -- we will have some 
borrowings, infra borrowings at a cost-effective way and there will be a certain level of maturity 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 14 of 17 
 
that will happen which is, again 0.5 trillion or thereabouts, that will happen. And keep in mind that 
the borrowing mix to the total liabilities now stands at about 14%.  
Premerger, it was in single digit call it 8% or thereabouts 9%. So ideally, somewhere in the long 
term, it will transition towards that level. A combination of both balance sheet growth as well as 
some maturity and replaced modestly with cost-effective borrowings. 
Param Subramanian: 
Thanks Srini. Just one additional part. How much of your borrowing is, say, floating rate hedged 
as we go into this rate cycle, just a relevant question there. And secondly, last quarter, you had 
given a number on the PSL shortfall in SMF and weaker section being about 1%, where are we 
there broadly? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: About that percent-or-so is where it is. We endeavor to close it, but that is always -- we chase 
volumes at different categories, as I told you on that. Then your first part of the question... 
Bhavin Lakhpatwala: 
Is borrowing that hedge? It continues to be around 60%, 65% of the borrowings, which will be 
hedged, which is again from the HDFC Limited book, which is what we've always had that. 
Param Subramanian: 
And which is the relevant floating benchmark once you look at... 
Moderator: 
Mr. Param, I request you to join back the queue, please for follow-up questions. Thank you. We'll 
take our next question from the line of Deekshant from DB Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Deekshant: 
Thank you, sir for taking the question. Sir, on the larger macro cycle, let's say, for the last two 
decades or 15 years-or-so, where do you think we are on our credit growth to NPA cycle? Are we 
at a stage where we are seeing the credit growth going up and with that in order to get that credit 
growth, we will also see the NPAs going up or are we in a space where we see that there will be a 
range-bound period of an NPA, we won't be crossing a certain level and the credit growth would 
be good? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: I guess you are talking about the industry level. You've seen us through various cycles, we've been 
pretty steady. Our NPAs have been quite steady other than the year or two of COVID. Even those 
time periods, maybe 20 basis points, it went up, but otherwise we've been operating in a very 
narrow band on nonperforming loans and so on. I guess your question is more philosophical in 
terms of what's happening in the industry and where that is heading.  
If you listen to our Chief Credit Officer, he has done various analysis to say that the credit cycle 
bottomed out maybe even three quarters ago, four quarters ago and which you have seen at the 
industry level, the nonperforming loans going up and the credit cost beginning to go up. The offset 
has always been some of the legacy loans 5 years, 10 years, whatever legacy loans some recoveries 
and repayments have happened against those.  
So you don't necessarily see the full effect of that through the P&L at the industry level. You don't 
see that. So whether the credit NPAs and credit costs will normalize over the next 1 year, 3 years, 
it should, but that should be at a lower level than what historically we have seen is the assessment 
of our credit officers. 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Sashidhar Jagdishan: 
So just to add to what Srini is saying. Our segmentation of customers, whether it's corporate, 
whether it's SME, whether it is retail is very clear. We have tested these segments over a long 
period of time and we probably have a reasonable fix on the expected loss, credit losses in that. 
And the opportunity to nibble away more share in these kind of customer segments is huge. 
 
As I said, it is up to us the pace at which we want to grow, but it doesn't mean that the proportion 
of our losses is going to go up just because we are growing fast because we're going to be limiting 
ourselves only to the segment that we are comfortable to operate. 
 
So Srini did allude to it. If you take a 25-year history of our expect actual credit loss experience 
adjusted for some of the event risk and also mergers, you will find that we have been virtually on 
a flat basis or on a straight-line basis across the X axis of the curve. 
 
So growth does not mean our losses or loss ratios will go up. I think it should be more or less in a 
range bound because of the target segment that we would still like to -- because there is 
opportunity, there's a runway, and we would want to stick to this opportunity and not go down the 
risk ladders. 
Deekshant: 
Sir, there is no question that we are the best-in-class when it comes to like loan performances and 
even the way that we issue the loans. Just to like narrow this question a little bit more: There seems 
to be an early sign of some sort of SME growth that can come in. Sir, also alluded to that some of 
the things have bottomed out right now. 
 
Considering that SME growth does come in and even the retail loans do start coming in better, 
namely the home loans, do we think that the incremental growth of market share that we are 
focusing on will that come at the cost which would be lower on the lower end of our range of our 
NPA cycle or would that be at a higher end of the range of NPA cycle? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: So getting directly to that question in terms of whether we would go down the credit ladder to pick 
up the volumes? The short answer is no. Credit policies will not be changed to pick up volumes. 
They have been stable and they're consistent. And the market opportunity presents very well to 
capture. 
 
In addition to the credit, one other important dimension that determines whether we pick up that 
loan or not is also the rate at which we can do. And the third dimension that is required is we just 
not want to be a lending institution to anybody. We want it to be a relationship bank, including 
SME. 
 
We want that proprietor or partners, their family, even if there are 5 employees or 3 employees or 
50 employees, their employee account, the primary banking need to be with us. So we are not 
going to do lending just as a product of lending. It is for the total banking relationship we want 
from that particular transaction that we go into. 
Deekshant: 
Okay. Sir, just one last follow-up here… 
Moderator: 
Deekshant, I request you to join back the queue please as we have other participants waiting. 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Deekshant: 
No problem. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Congrats on the very strong numbers. Firstly, I know it's early days, but have we started cutting 
lending rates on fixed-rate products… 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry, Piran, your voice is breaking. 
Piran Engineer: 
Is it audible now operator? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. Yes. 
Piran Engineer: 
So congrats on the quarter. My first question is, has the industry or have we started cutting lending 
rates on fixed rate products like vehicle loans or personal loans after the 50 bps repo rate cut? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: See, no, I don't know, but we are not -- we are seeing intense competition. We've not seen anything 
different now than what we saw 6 months ago from a price competitiveness point of view, let it be 
mortgage product or auto product and so on. So that's one from an industry point of view. I will 
not be able to talk about their risk-based pricing model. 
 
But for us, we have a band of risk-based pricing product. For a given risk profile what is the kind 
of a price band that we can operate and that has been consistent and we'll operate in the same 
manner there. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. So it's fair to say we've not cut lending rates like in auto loans, etc.? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: No, we've not cut, but we do have a risk-based pricing model for us given a risk profile of a 
customer. So my profile may be different from my colleague's profile, and so it depends on what 
it is, so we get different rates. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. Fair. And sir, just secondly, on your unsecured book of roughly INR2 lakh crores, what 
percentage would be unsecured business loans? And can you also just talk a bit about this business, 
the customer profile? Are these repeat loans to existing customers? Or do you also acquire fresh 
new-to-bank customers through this product? 
 
And are there -- like when we have the retail asset quality cycle -- by we, I mean the industry, are 
there some signs of stress in unsecured business loans? Just an overview of this would be useful. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay, yes. One you see that we published personal loans, which is almost about close to INR2 
trillion or-so, right, as of the quarter end INR2 trillion or so. See call it, about 75%, 80% of them 
are salaried customers, mostly salaried with us or if it is taken from the market still salaried. The 
rest could be the open market loans, which are non-salaried customers. 
 
Non-salaried customers could be self-employed, which is some professionals or they're doing 
certain other activities and so on and so forth, which they may use this for other purposes. Then 
the third aspect of it is the performance of what this is. No, we've not experienced stress, touch 

 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2025 
Page 17 of 17 
 
wood, and we see that it's quite strong and very good and operates across several such segments, 
which is from individuals to proprietors to partners to various. 
 
And we operate this in a few segments. We operate this in the retail personal loan segment, we 
also operate this in the CRB segment and the emerging enterprises, which is business and it can 
operate for a small merchant to a medium merchant to a larger entity. So across all of these, we 
can operate there. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay, this is useful. Thank you sir and wish you all the best. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have come to an end of the time allotted for the call. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Vaidyanathan for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. Thank you all for participating in the call with us today. Appreciate your time. And it's late, 
have a great evening, great weekend. And if you do have anything more, feel free to connect with 
us. Bhavin and the Investor Relations team and us will be available for anything else over the next 
few days, whenever you need. Thank you. Have a great day. 
Sashidhar Jagdishan: 
Thank you all. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of the HDFC Bank Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
