Sensitivity: Public (C4)
HZL/2025-26/SECY/14 
  April 28, 2025 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No., C/l, G Block 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Kind Attn: General Manager – Department 
of Corporate Services 
Kind Attn: Head Listing & Corporate 
Communication 
Scrip Code: 500188 
Trading Symbol: “HINDZINC” 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
Sub: - Earnings call transcript for the fourth quarter and year ended March 31, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
earnings call held on Friday, April 25, 2025, with regard to the financial performance of the Company 
for the fourth quarter and year ended March 31, 2025. The same is also made available on the 
Company’s website at https://www.hzlindia.com/investors/reports-press-releases/. 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Zinc Limited 
Aashhima V Khanna 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Enclosed: as above 
AASHHIMA 
V KHANNA
Digitally signed by 
AASHHIMA V KHANNA 
Date: 2025.04.28 
15:17:11 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
 
  
 
 
“Hindustan Zinc Limited 
Q4 & Full Year FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN MISRA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
HINDUSTAN ZINC LIMITED 
 
MR. SANDEEP MODI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HINDUSTAN ZINC LIMITED 
 
MS. RAKSHA JAIN – DIRECTOR INVESTOR RELATIONS 
– HINDUSTAN ZINC LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and Full Year FY '25 Earnings Call of 
Hindustan Zinc. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Raksha Jain, Director of Investor Relations of Hindustan 
Zinc Limited. Thank you, and over to you. 
Raksha Jain: 
Thank you, operator, and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today 
to discuss the fourth quarter and full year results of FY '25. In this call, we will refer to our 
investor presentation available on our company's website. Please note that today's entire 
discussion will be covered by Safe Harbor clause mentioned on Slide 2 of the presentation. 
 
Today, we have our CEO, Mr. Arun Misra; and CFO, Mr. Sandeep Modi. The management will 
be discussing operations and financial update for the quarter and full year followed by a Q&A 
session. 
 
Now I would like to invite Mr. Arun Misra to present the results. Over to you, sir. 
Arun Misra: 
Thank you, Raksha. A very good evening to all of you. Thank you for joining us today for the 
fourth quarter and full year FY '25 results briefing. Before we begin the presentation, I share 
with you with deep sorrow and a heavy heart that there has been an unfortunate incident at our 
Zinc Football Academy in Zawar, where we have lost a Safety Officer due to an unexpected 
collapse of a telecom tower during dismantling activities. 
 
I extend my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family and want to assure them of our 
unwavering support during this extremely difficult time. Such incidents are truly heart breaking, 
particularly as we strive to uphold a safety-first culture throughout every part of our organization. 
Following a thorough investigation, we are committed to implementing strong corrective 
measures and strengthening our safety protocols to prevent such strategies in future. These 
incidents serve as a stark reminder of the critical importance of constant vigilance and 
improvement. 
 
Continuing with the presentation, I'm pleased to share that Hindustan Zinc has delivered a 
record-breaking year with the highest-ever production of both mined and refined metal. This 
milestone further solidifies our positioning as the world's largest integrated zinc producer. Our 
leadership has also been mirrored in the sustainably performance with a notable improvement 
in ESG ratings across prominent platforms such as S&P Global, Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment and FTSE4Good, etcetera. 
 
We have delivered our second ever highest revenue, EBITDA and profit after taxes where our 
EBITDA stands at INR17,465 crores, up 28% and profit after taxes of INR10,353 crores, 
marking an improvement of 33% over last year as compared to increment of 18% in revenue 
from operations. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
 
As a part of our sustainability journey, we have set ambitious goals for 2025 and our efforts over 
the past 5 years have meaningfully advanced us towards them. Notably, we have reduced our 
total recordable injury frequency rate by 55% from 2020 levels as against a target of 50%. We 
have also achieved GHG emissions reduction of 0.67 million tons of CO2 equivalent against 0.5 
million tons target. 
 
This year, we have launched Asia's first low-carbon Zinc EcoZen with a carbon footprint 75% 
lower than the industry average. It supports our customers' sustainability goals by reducing 
Scope 3 emissions. 
 
As we have stated before, and with the recent announcement by the London Metal Exchange on 
introducing a green premium for sustainable metals, EcoZen is well positioned for stronger value 
realization. Our CSR initiatives across key areas education, health, water and sanitation 
sustainable livelihood, sports and culture, women empowerment and community development 
impacted approximately 2.3 million lives, up from 1.9 million last year. 
 
Turning to the market update. Last year has been favorable with zinc and silver prices surging 
16% and 29%, respectively, driven by persistent supply deficits. Whilst there are some 
uncertainties in the current global macroeconomic environment, the deficit is expected to 
continue into 2025 as well. 
 
Given the lack of any significant new zinc or silver projects, consequently zinc prices are likely 
to stay resilient and market sentiment for silver continues to be strongly optimistic. The global 
commodity landscape for zinc and silver continues to evolve amid geopolitical and economic 
shifts. 
 
Recent developments, including the retaliatory duties imposed by U.S. administration have 
impacted trade dynamics and introduced short-term volatility. However, despite these 
headwinds, we believe India is uniquely positioned to benefit from the current environment. The 
government's sustained focus on infrastructure development, ranging from smart cities to 
railways and highways is driving robust steel demand which is expected to be reach 300 million 
ton by 2030, which in turn will capitalize in increased zinc consumption for corrosion protection. 
 
This optimism is further reinforced by India's strong economic fundamentals with a projected 
GDP growth of 6.5% by IMF and the manufacturing PMI of 58.5, reflecting healthy industrial 
activity and continued momentum. As essential components in clean energy storage and 
sustainable technologies, zinc and silver are powering the global energy transition, as these 
metals play a pivotal role in the green revolution, Hindustan Zinc is proud to play a leading role 
in enabling a more sustainable world. 
 
Moving to operational performance. With advanced exploration programs and strategic resource 
to reserve conversion to support our goal of sustaining a 10-year reserve mine life, we have 
crossed one milestone of 13 million tons of metal reserve for the first time since underground 
transition as at the March end. This represents an increment to over 3x of metal reserves as 
compared to FY 2020 on a net production basis. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
 
Our total reserves and resources in ore. terms stood at 453.2 million tons while the overall mine 
life continues to be more than 25 years. This quarter, we recorded a mined metal production of 
310,000 tons, our highest-ever fourth quarter figure since underground transition, which is up 
17% quarter-on-quarter and refined metal of 4% quarter-on-quarter and silver up 10% quarter-
on-quarter. 
 
I am also pleased to share that we achieved our highest-ever domestic zinc sales this year, 
capturing 77% of the domestic primary zinc market share. This is an important milestone that 
reflects our strong customer relationships and market leadership. Notably, we also increased the 
share of value-added products in our portfolio to 22% in the year, including 10,000 ton 
production from Zinc alloy plant, reinforcing our commitment to delivering differentiated 
solutions and driving greater value across the supply chain. 
 
We continue to drive sustainable cost leadership and achieved a 16-quarter lowest cost of 
production of $994 per ton during the quarter end and 4 years lowest $1,052 per ton on a full 
year basis through focused efficiency and optimization, enhanced automation and digitalization 
across our operations, leading to record production volumes, better mine metal grades and 
recovery, increased domestic coal and renewable energy usage and better by-product sales, 
further supported by softened coal and input commodity prices and operational efficiencies year-
on-year. 
 
I believe you all appreciate the way the company has increased its production sustainably every 
year despite its transitioning to underground mining and delivered more than 1 million tons of 
mined and refined metal production with minimal capex, showcasing our strong focus on capital 
efficiency, prudent resource allocation and agile execution. 
 
At our present 160,000 tons per annum Roaster project, the commissioning activities have 
started and will be commissioned by mid quarter 1 FY '26. Further, we are also implementing 
an innovative technology to recover lead and silver from the smelter waste as an alternative to 
fuming technology. This technology will recover additional 27 tons per annum silver and 6,000 
tons per annum lead and is scheduled for commissioning in quarter 4 of next final year. 
 
While the smelter debottlenecking at Dariba and Chanderiya are set to be completed in quarter 
2 and quarter 3 of FY '26, the fertilizer plant at Chanderiya is expected to be commissioned as 
per schedule by quarter 4 of FY '26. 
 
With a well-structured capex road map in place, we are confident in sustaining the strong 
performance in the year ahead with mine metal production expected to be 1,125,000 tons per 
annum, meaning 1.125 million tons per annum plus or minus 10,000 tons and the refined metal 
production of 1.1 million tons, plus and minus 10,000 tons with an expected refined silver 
production in the range of 700 tons to 710 tons, zinc production at a cost of $1,025 to $1,050 per 
ton. 
 
In conclusion, with a strong focus on operational excellence, sustainability and the long-term 
value creation, we are well equipped to navigate change and capture future opportunities. Our 
commitment to innovation, safety and responsible business practices will continue to guide us 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
with a pipeline of high-value projects and leadership in future facing metals, we are confident in 
our ability to deliver sustained returns and drive shareholder value in the years ahead. 
 
With this, I now hand over to Sandeep for an update on the financial performance. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Thank you, Mr. Misra, and a very good evening, everyone. As Mr. Misra mentioned, our 
ambition to consistently challenge ourselves and drive year-on-year growth distinguishes us 
from other major zinc players globally. 
 
Through disciplined capital allocation and strategic balance between ESG commitments and 
fiscal prudence, we continue to strengthen our operational efficiencies while delivering 
sustainable and robust financial performance with a strong balance sheet. A key enabler of this 
success is our continuous focus on innovation and leveraging technology, process improvement, 
enhancing recovery and elevating governance standards, particularly in the reporting and 
transparency practices. 
 
Before dwelling into the performance numbers, I would like to update you on the -- our primary 
initiative at Vedanta, where we have taken the lead in non-ferrous sector for price discovery 
through e-auction platform in case of metal sales which happened through Vedanta Metal 
Bazaar. I'm happy to share that nearly 100% of our silver and 70% of our zinc in India was sold 
through e-auction platform during the quarter. This progressive transition has helped us to have 
our premium linked to the market as well as improve transparency and customer centricity. 
 
Driven by our record operational performance and better zinc and silver prices, I'm happy to 
share that Hindustan Zinc has recorded its best-ever fourth quarter PAT, second highest annual 
revenue, EBITDA and profit after tax, along with the full year lowest zinc cost of production for 
the full year with an industry-leading EBITDA margin of 51%, a 400 bps improvement year-on-
year. 
 
Looking deeper into performance, we have recorded our highest-ever fourth quarter revenue 
from operations of INR9,087 crores, up 20% Y-o-Y, driven by higher lead volume and increased 
zinc and silver prices further supported by strong dollar, partly offset by lower zinc and silver 
volume. For the full year, we achieved the second highest revenue of INR34,083 crores, up 18% 
Y-o-Y, driven by highest-ever metal production, high zinc and silver prices and strong dollar. 
This was further supported by strategic hedging gains and higher sale of residue partly offset by 
lower silver volume and lower lead prices. 
 
We achieved our zinc cost of production $994 per ton for the quarter 4 and $1,052 per ton for 
the full year, better 6% Y-o-Y resulting in the second highest fourth quarter EBITDA of 
INR4,816 crores, up 32% Y-o-Y, driven by higher zinc and silver prices, softer input commodity 
prices and better byproduct sales. 
 
The quarter's EBITDA margin stood at 53%, up around 500 bps year-on-year. On an annual 
basis, we have recorded second best EBITDA of INR17,465 crores, up 28% Y-o-Y, in line with 
the record metal volume structurally leaner cost of production, higher zinc and silver prices and 
strong dollar, partly offset by lower silver volume and lead prices. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
 
Profit after tax recorded its highest-ever fourth quarter figure of INR3,003 crores, up 47% Y-o-
Y in line with robust EBITDA. The full year PAT stood at second highest figure at INR10,353 
crores, up 33% Y-o-Y in line with EBITDA. 
 
We have successfully generated a strong free cash flow from operations at INR13,784 crores 
during the year. Our return on capital employed of 58% reflects the best return across the 
industry. With a strong commitment towards delivering value accretive returns for all our 
stakeholders, company has distributed INR12,053 crores in dividend to shareholders during the 
year and contributed INR18,730 crores towards the exchequer, significantly increased by almost 
42%. This includes contribution towards income tax of INR4,500 crores and royalty to the 
government of Rajasthan around INR4,200 crores, which is 35% of total royalty income of the 
Rajasthan State Government. 
 
During the year, we delivered one of the best total shareholder return in the country of 68%. 
This is 13x of Nifty 50 returns and 7x of Nifty Metal Index. I'm proud to share that Hindustan 
Zinc is among the top three companies in Nifty Metal index with a market cap of approximately 
INR2 lakh crores. On an overall basis, it has improved its ranking from 62nd in March '24 to 39 
as of March '25 and in terms of market cap. 
 
Hindustan Zinc is also the highest market cap company among its global zinc players. 
Furthermore, with the company's recent inclusion in the F&O segment on the NSE, the 
company's daily turnover has grown significantly, which opens ample opportunity for further 
value creation. 
 
Coming to the outlook on Zinc COP, it's expected to stay around $1,025 to $1,050 per ton during 
the year, coming down with the increasing renewable power usage, which is expected to grow 
to 30% to 35% versus 13% in FY '25 and better production volume. The overall capex for the 
growth capex projects, which is approved till now is expected to be in the range of $225 million 
to $250 million. Please note that with any further growth projects approval by the board, the 
capex guidance will change. 
 
To conclude, Hindustan Zinc's robust financial performance, fundamentals, structurally leaner 
cost base, strategic capital discipline and leadership in critical metal, position us to outperform 
throughout the commodity cycles. Our resilience is not by chance but by design. As we 
contribute to prioritize stakeholders' value, sustainability and returns, we are confident in our 
ability to lead the industry and deliver consistent superior performance across all market 
environments. 
 
With this, I now hand over to the operator for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the first question from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for a good performance. I have two questions. The first one is actually on the 
guidance, particularly for cost of production and silver. So, if I look at cost of production 
guidance for FY '26, that is higher by $50 per ton compared to Q4, I mean, at the lower end of 
the range. So just wanted to understand the reasons for the same. Do you expect any element of 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
cost to rise? Or what is the thinking that goes ahead? Because our production, we have guided 
it will also rise. So just wanted to understand that particular aspect. 
 
The second bit on guidance is on silver volume. Now silver volume, if I compare it with FY '24, 
I'm not comparing it with FY '25, we see that the guidance for FY '26 is lower than the actual 
volume achieved for FY '24. So is it that we will be doing more of zinc this year and less of lead 
and silver at this stage? That's why the guidance hasn't kept this way? 
Sandeep Modi: 
Thanks, Amit. So coming to the cost, I think that it is better to always look for the full year, 
$1,052 and compare with that. Q4 has a -- you see the best-ever production of the 310 kt of the 
metal with a 7.85% grade. Obviously, the grade in the quarter 4 has been significantly higher 
compared to the full year of 7.5%. That's a major reason. And if I compare with the year-on-
year, we are doing the guidance. So this year also, we delivered the lower end of the guidance. 
I'm sure you can expect a similar kind of delivery at the year-end. 
 
The major driver for cost reduction will happen with the renewable energy, as I said, 13% to 
30%, which will take cost around $10-$12 lower and also the volume. Obviously, that has 
remained a positive element of surprise at the year-end when the cost and every quarter when 
we deliver. 
 
Coming to the silver guidance, FY '24, we've run almost a whole year of the pyro on the lead 
mode, so that's how you see the silver number much higher compared to the FY '25. And this 
year's number, 700 to 710 number which we have given is assuming at this point of time, 
producing more zinc as you said rightly, with the zinc and lead mode for the whole 12 months. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. Great. And the second one is actually a very interesting comment you made on 
implementing an innovative technology for recovery of lead and silver from smelting waste at 
Dariba. So can you throw some more light on this innovative technology and if we are successful 
at Dariba, will it be extended to the other parts of the company as well? 
Arun Misra: 
Yes. This is a new technology, which is to recover lead and silver cake from jarosite instead of 
doing it in the fumer route that we do, where we take the weak acid leaching residue into fumer, 
burn that to produce the oxides and then the sulfates and all that. So instead of that, this will be 
a cake that will be produced. And it's a direct process, and we will do that in Dariba and once it 
is successful, it will form the future of all fuming processes in Hindustan Zinc. So we will have 
this implemented everywhere, and we will not follow the typical process of fumer that we have 
now. 
Amit Dixit: 
Just 2 subparts here. One is that since you mentioned that it will be instead of fumer and it won't 
involve burning and also will it be more environmental friendly in that case? 
Arun Misra: 
Yes, yes, it will be more environmental friendly, absolutely correct. 
Amit Dixit: 
And can you just repeat the number that you mentioned in the prepared remarks on the additional 
volume of silver that we expect? 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Sandeep Modi: 
So I think for the FY '26 guidance, we have not factored anything outcome of this technology 
because we have to appreciate this is the first time out of the European side, we have first time 
implementing and we don't want to have any negative surprise later on. So let us keep that 
positive element in our hand. And in case this technology becomes successful, we can achieve 
whatever the numbers we have sent in the IR deck around 27 ton of the silver and 6 Kt of the 
lead on an annual basis. But of course, the results will come in the Q4 only when we got to know. 
Moderator: 
We'll take a next question from the line of Manav Gogia from Yes Securities. 
Manav Gogia: 
First of all, congratulations, sir, on the good performance for the quarter. So, I wanted to ask one 
particular question on how should we see the power cost going forward? We have mentioned 
the increase of renewable energy in the share, what would be that percentage for Q4, where we 
stand right now? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So Q4, it was around 15%. And as I said, for full year, for the next year, we are targeting 30%. 
So, power cost, it is a way to look at. Power as a spend base will always remain 30% to 35%. 
We will hedge because now the next phase of cost reduction, of course, the power has helped a 
lot. Further power cost reduction as an overall level will also happen through the power cost 
only. Here both numerator and denominator will go down. 
 
So, with the 13% to 30% when we go through the renewable energy, $10 cost reduction should 
happen through the power cost itself. Of course, the domestic coal materialization has been 
almost 46% in the Q4 and a full year 44%. We expect to remain around 45%. So you can expect 
the $10 to $15 further power cost reduction at the full year level in FY '26. 
Manav Gogia: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, can you just provide me the split of the percentage of domestic coal that 
we have in our coal mix right now? 
Sandeep Modi: 
For the full year, it was 44% and quarter 4, it was 46%. 
Manav Gogia: 
Okay. Okay. Sure, sir. And sir, secondly, for the zinc alloy plant, can you give me the generated 
EBITDA for this particular quarter and the PA? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, for the full year basis, we generated EBITDA of INR100 crores for the Hindustan Zinc Alloy 
Private Limited. And with the overall production of 10 KT. So at a full capacity, when we run 
the next year, the plant capacity is 28 KT and this year, it was the part operations. And that at 
the full year, it should be around INR250 crores to INR275 crores of the EBITDA at a full 
capacity. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Pallav Agarwal from Antique Stock Broking. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Just want to check what was the strategic hedging gains that were booked during FY '25 and 
whether we have any more outstanding hedges right now? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So we booked INR150 crore during the whole year. At this point of time, there is no outstanding 
strategic hedging position. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Sure, sir. And also, just coming back to, again, cost of production. So I think you've been the 
sensitivity levels, and we have seen that both zinc and lead spot prices have been weak of late. 
So current spot price is below the FY '25 average levels. So assuming this continues, can our 
cost savings offset the negative impact of lower LME prices? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So cost of production have, in our case, if you see the major cost of fixed cost is around the 
O&M and other things, manpower. And the commodity-linked prices are like power cost what 
I said in terms of the coal cost. So coal cost is also going down. So we expect that if that kind of 
things continue there is a further room to reduce the cost by $25, $30 in terms of the cost. 
 
At current level of LME, we believe it's more like a volatile environment even within the month 
of April of 23, 24 days, LME working days of 18, 19, we have seen a plus/minus $250 -- so it 
has gone around $2,550, also it has then jumped around $2,800 also. I think more of a volatile 
environment. In our view, stable prices should be remaining around $2,800 to $2,900 for the 
zinc, lead around $2,000 to $2,050 and silver, I think, is quite bullish currently $33-$34, may go 
$37-$38. 
 
And the cost of production will keep working upon that. And we believe that lower end of the 
guidance because it is just the start of the year, I want to keep the numbers hold $1,025 to $1,050. 
But of course, the reduction in the commodity input cost majorly on the coal, met coke and 
diesel, if the diesel price is flown to us because there is a quantity restriction in case of the coking 
coal by Government of India; for the crude, of course, it has fallen, but the prices have not been 
passed on to consumer. So these 2 large commodities, we are not able to get passed on. For the 
coal, which has gone the index down, we are able to get passed on benefit. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Sir, lastly on silver, we had a target of 1,000 tons. So what is like is it grades? What is hampering 
our ramp-up to that 1,000 ton level in silver? 
Arun Misra: 
So at a production plan of 1.2 million tons in our internal workings, we said that we'll be close 
to 750 tons of silver. So while 1,000 tons silver-making capacity we are anticipating or we are 
trying to execute in our Pantnagar plant was with the assumption that this metal-making capacity 
will go up to 1.5 million tons. So those are the kind of numbers we have thought of. The reality 
is we are at around 1.1 million tons tons metals. 
 
And in that case, anywhere between 680 to 690 to up to 725 tons of silver is possible depending 
upon the grade that we mine. Last year, we encountered inferior grade in SK mine and which is 
reflected in the silver production. Next year, we'll be producing more of zinc looking at the LME 
and likelihood of the LME remaining at 2700, 2800 kind of a number. And then silver should 
be around 710 tons, 720 tons. 
Moderator: 
We'll our next question from the line of Shivani from Dolat Capital. 
Shivani: 
I just had two questions. So by when should we expect production to come from Bamnia Kalan 
mine? And another one is how do you see the price going forward considering the U.S. trade 
war? 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Sandeep Modi: 
Bamnia Kalan currently development is taking place in terms of portal formation and all that. 
So it will take another 2 years' time, so roughly about 24 months for the mineral to be struck and 
first production to come. Second was, what was the question? 
 
Price is -- yes, current situation, yes, this trend will continue for a couple of quarters till the time 
the world supply chain in the new order or restore to old order happens because of various tariff 
negotiations or countries joining hands to set new area to business with each other. So I think 
that's a very changing space, changing almost every day, every hour. 
 
But as far as we are concerned, we are primarily a domestic player, and Indian growth by 5%, 
6% will remain. As long as the tariff or the economic situation does not impact overall prices of 
fuel or coal, we are safe as far as our cost is concerned and as far as our volume or ability to sell 
is concerned. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Raashi Chopra from Citigroup. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Just to understand on the cost, I may have missed it. On a sequential basis, the improvement, 
you also see an improvement in the coal prices or this was more metal grade and better volume 
sequentially? 
Sandeep Modi: 
There was both combination. So 2/3 was on account of the metal grade and 1/3 was on account 
of the commercial efficiency in case of the coal and other items. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Right. So coal prices were also lower sequentially? 
Sandeep Modi: 
Yes, yes. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Okay. And the hedging gains that you mentioned, how much of them were recorded in the fourth 
quarter? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So on the full year basis, it was basically -- so fourth quarter is around INR55 crores. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Okay. My next question is on the capex. The total capex I think was about INR4,300 crores, 
right, for the year? 
Sandeep Modi: 
For the year. Yes, yes. Total growth capex and sustaining capex put together INR4,300 crores. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Okay. So how do you break that up between the growth and sustaining? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So growth capex was around INR1,500 crores, a remaining INR2800 crores was sustaining 
capex. 
Raashi Chopra: 
And sustaining should continue on to the next year... 
Sandeep Modi: 
Yes, sustaining should be in the range of INR3,000 crore to INR3,200 crores on an annual basis. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Ashish Kejriwal from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Is it possible to share our average coal price and sulfuric acid prices in fourth quarter or at least 
now the change which we have seen on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Arun Misra: 
While acid is a recovery that we do, perhaps it will not be proper for me to share the exact price 
here. But we can say we always benchmark with the ADNOC prices on the sulphur and we 
follow that model. And yes, it's competitive in the market. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Yes. We do in the auction basis. So as I said, we use more like now selling anything through 
auction. So everything getting discovered through auction, we got from the market accordingly. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
So what's the change, sir, I'm not asking for the absolute number, but is it possible to share how 
much price increase we have witnessed in sulfuric acid? And how much price reduction we have 
seen in coal in this quarter versus third quarter? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So from the acid, I don't think we'll be able to share. It's not a standard disclosure. Coal prices 
have fallen by 2% to 3% in terms of the overall power cost I talked about, our overall power cost 
has fallen by 3% compared to quarter-on-quarter. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
And entire fall is because of coal? 
Sandeep Modi: 
Largely on account of the coal. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Okay. And second, for last 6 months, we have been saying that we are preparing for the next 
phase of growth where we plan to expand our mine metal from 1.2 million tons to 1.5 million 
tons and then 2 million tons. But we haven't heard anything of that. So by when we can expect 
some announcement or is it too early to comment on that? 
Arun Misra: 
So 2x design, we are absolutely aggressively working on it. And first, it will see -- there are 8 
mines, so while we are preparing the design right now, we have almost frozen design in 2 of the 
largest mines, which is Agucha and SK mine. Then we'll now extend the design onto the balance 
mines, which is Rajpura Dariba and the 4 mines in Zawar. 
 
Now of that, almost we are ready with the numbers between Agucha expansion, corresponding 
concentrate plants and corresponding smelter. There, a few loose ends have to be tied up, and 
we should be finally doing it in a month's time, take board approval and then go public and 
announce the number for the first phase of that 1 million ton expansion work. 
 
That does not mean that other works are not happening. It will be in a time span of, say, 15 days 
to 1 month from one announcement to another. We hope that in 3 to 4 months of time, we 
complete all the announcements related to 1 million tons. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
So we are moving ahead to 2 million tons, and we can expect an announcement related to that 
within next quarter? 
Arun Misra: 
Correct. Correct. Absolutely. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Okay. So even after that, do we think that we will have our mined metal or mine reserves, which 
normally we have 25 years plus. So are we working on those lines also to maintain our mine 
reserves for... 
Arun Misra: 
Absolutely. We are in the process of global tendering, going for global exploration agencies to 
help us to increase the resource base and actually double the resource base that we have 
currently. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
And sir, lastly, in any case we are going for a huge capex then? And then is there any capital 
allocation policy that beyond some net debt to EBITDA or something that will not go ahead with 
it? 
Arun Misra: 
We could look at it, like I said, our operations, as we have seen consistently also a huge cash 
producer. So this kind of expansion is almost commensurate with our ability to produce cash. 
So there is no worry on that count at all. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Okay. No, because why I'm asking you because we normally give higher dividend also. So both 
these will do one to hand. 
Arun Misra: 
As long as we are able to produce cash, as long as we can face the expansion, that is not that we 
wait for, neither we wait for a whole 2 million ton design to be over or nor we wait for whole 2 
million ton expansion to be completed. So there will be one part will come up very fast. 
Whatever is the low-hanging fruit, we will catch it as fast as possible. So we'll generate the delta 
cash that is required to fund the project and also in case the Board so decides how to keep the 
shareholders happy, we'll take care of that as well. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
That's great. Lastly, only when we are saying 1 million to 2 million tons, it will be in phases. So 
from 1.2 million, can we expect 1.5 million first and then 1.8 million or something? 
Arun Misra: 
You are spot on. First one is 1.2 million to 1.5 million. That announcement we should make very 
quickly. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Jainam Shah from Indsec Securities and Finance 
Limited. 
Jainam Shah: 
Congratulations on the good set of results. My question would be that in the opening comments, 
you said that zinc will be in deficit going forward, right? But recently, we saw the zinc outlook 
by international zinc study group, and they said that it is going to be in surplus. So just wanted 
to understand what is your theory and how that deficit is going to be for FY '25? 
Arun Misra: 
No. See, the production centers of zinc production as a mined metal, production center as a 
finished metal in terms of stand-alone smelters and integrated smelters and consumption centers 
where the growth of emerging economy, the growth of steel is required. We are basing our 
calculations based on India's ambition to have 300 million tons of steel production. You must 
have heard one of the largest Indian steel maker making an announcement in Maharashtra, they 
will put up world's largest steel plant, right, not even India's largest, world's largest steel plant. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
 
So we believe that in another 2 to 3 years' time, at least projects worth 300 million tons steel will 
be launched in India. That would require the 2 million tons kind of a demand for zinc plus lead 
in India itself. So we want to capture that opportunities. And hence, we are very bullish as far as 
demand for zinc is concerned. 
 
Globally, if you look at geographical area wise, that imbalances will continue. So we are not so 
much targeting that we produce and sell in other parts of the globe. We are completely focused 
in domestic India. Maybe our nearby growth centers in Southeast Asia, up till Middle East, but 
otherwise, we are very bullish as far as demand of zinc in India and in nearby areas is concerned. 
Jainam Shah: 
So sir, your deficit is based on India as a whole as a standalone, right? 
Arun Misra: 
Correct. Correct. 
Jainam Shah: 
Okay. And also, sir, on silver, we basically have a very lower guidance when it comes to silver 
sales and production. Why is that, if you could just give an idea? 
Arun Misra: 
This was a factor of production strategy based on the metal prices, at the same time the grade of 
the ore that we mined. So year before last we operated mostly on lead mode. Hence, we produced 
highest amount of silver. Last year, we operated quite good time in lead plus zinc mode and also 
we encountered lower grade in the SK mine. So this year, we are slightly conservative on that 
count, and we are putting the numbers around 700 tons. 
 
So we will see if we really encounter good grades. But this year, the change in strategy, the 
whole year will operate in zinc plus lead mode. To that account, silver production will also be 
affected. But if the metal prices vary differently or we hit very high grades in SK, we may change 
our strategy midway. 
Jainam Shah: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, just like to answered the previous participant when you were saying 
that they're going to go from 1.2 million to 1.5 million. Can you specify a time line for that? 
Arun Misra: 
No, no, as I said, that 1-million ton expansion maybe all announcements because these are 
designs that are happening in part by part, one mine is getting designed or smelter modules are 
getting designed. Maybe announcement will phase out between 2 to 3 months to complete 1 
million-ton announcement. As I look at the project implementation effort versus ease of 
implementation metrics, then 1.5 million ton is the next best option, most economic option to do 
followed by other expansions. 
Jainam Shah: 
So can we assume that by FY '27 end, we'll be able to reach at 1.5 million tons? 
Arun Misra: 
At '27 end, let me put it this way, say, another 1 month, if I'm able to make the announcement 
and place orders, then yes, another 24 months for completion of the project. So that could go up 
till '27, '28 March or so. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sir, first question is to reach 1.2 million tons in terms of mine metal production, what is the 
constraint? Because since long, our capacity is now 1.2 million ton but our production guidance 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
is still well below that. This year also, we are almost 10% below that. So just want to understand 
what is the constraint, is it on the smelting capacity? Or is it the grade or some other factor? 
Arun Misra: 
No, just smelter capacity. Mine metal-wise, you look at consistently in a few years, and the last 
quarter, we have demonstrated 300 KT production of mined metal. So there's no doubt in that. 
It's just that every year, we have finally settled with huge stocks of mined metal. Whereas 
finished metal, our design capacity is about 1.123 million tons, on the smelters, the 
debottlenecking, we say that we do once the mines achieve that capacity, those debottlenecking 
projects are on. And yes, by the next year, we should be there in 1.2 million ton metal exit 
capacity in next fiscal year itself. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. So in the past, you've also sold mined metal rather than just refined or... 
Arun Misra: 
No, no, we have never sold. I am not talking very, very long, but I am here for 5 years. I have 
never sold. 
Sandeep Modi: 
So maybe it's 10, 12 years back, and we are not in the business of doing this. So we always want 
to remain integrated player. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood. Understood. Sir, can you remind us how many -- which all mines and what 
proportion of today's production will be coming up for reauction in FY '31? 
Arun Misra: 
You are saying 2030 mine lease and the auction of the mines? 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Yes, that's right sir. 
Arun Misra: 
I think Sindesar Khurd mine is still 2048. Rest, I think 2048 is SK mine, Kayad is 2048, rest all 
mines RD, Agucha, Zawar are at 2030. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. And sir, the next phase of expansion, will we be spending and working on capacity 
expansion at the mines which are expiring in '31? 
Arun Misra: 
Nothing is expiring. In our mind, all the mines are with us and will continue to be with us and 
hence, we'll spend. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay, sir. So we are of the view that we will be able to retain the mine given the option of first 
right of refusal. Is that the right way to understand? 
Arun Misra: 
Whichever way you understand they will remain with us. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. So because it is -- I mean, if you can get -- give us some more clarity on the thought 
process because this is a very substantial development. 
Arun Misra: 
1 kilometer below ground, we have invested, developed the mine. Is that possible for us to let it 
go or anybody else to come and just take it over and operate? Not possible. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. Okay. So do we expect any change in policy or we are confident of retaining it by 
matching the bid -- higher bid? 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Arun Misra: 
As on date, we are confident. And as I say, fortune favors the brave, who knows. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. Okay. And can you share what is the change in royalty we are anticipating in our internal 
estimates when we are kind of spending or working towards expansion at these mines? 
Arun Misra: 
No, we are far away from that. We are planning everything as we stand today. We are not 
factoring in royalty increase and things like that. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Prateek Singh from DAM Capital. 
Prateek Singh: 
So as a policy, given the volatility that we're seeing right now in commodity prices, and you said 
that 2800 and the 2900 of zinc is something which you see coming or you're comfortable with. 
If you see that kind of a pricing, would we be open to hedge again opportunistically or hedging 
is out of the question right now? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So it will all depend upon -- it's a dynamic situation. So -- and we have been always agile. We 
don't want to be -- there's no -- at this point of time, it's only all like what we say is opportunistic, 
which we say strategic hedging. And given our EBITDA margin of 53%, 54%, even I take the 
LME of current LME, that also gives me 51% of EBITDA margin at an overall Hindustan Zinc 
level. 
 
So I think we'll remain opportunistic and see what level we should do. But of course, we would 
be -- not be too much aggressive about it. We will go in line with the market and whatever 
market and other feedback comes to us, but we remain open for it. 
Prateek Singh: 
Understood. And just hypothetically from your experience, if you really want to hedge, what 
kind of quantity can you hedge maximum? I mean, obviously, you cannot hedge, there's a cap 
on how much you can hedge. So from your experience, what kind of quantity we can hedge if 
we really want to? 
Sandeep Modi: 
15% to 20%, not more than that. 
Prateek Singh: 
Understood, sir. And is there hedging instrument for silver as well? 
Sandeep Modi: 
We remain plain vanilla forward option. 
Prateek Singh: 
Okay, understood. And sir, so we have seen gold move up a lot. Silver also kind of is considered 
a store of value like gold. Along with that, the industrial application of silver is also quite decent. 
So in your view, what is it that's holding silver behind? I mean, why is it not following gold, the 
gold to silver ratio is at all-time high now. So what is it that is holding it back? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So I think you are the best people who knows about researching. But in our view, silver should 
be also crossing in a way the gold has been there. It's only a timing issue. There is no new silver 
mine is coming globally. Silver consumption has increased significantly in the industrial uses. 
So we believe that gold has already rallied and it is now the turn of the silver. So silver should 
also rally in a similar manner. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Prateek Singh: 
And my last question is on Roaster. So is my understanding correct that there has been a delay. 
I think at the last call, it was supposed to come mid-Feb, now we are saying mid-1Q? 
Arun Misra: 
Yes. We can say technically a couple of months delay, but we took in very aggressive position. 
It's not what the suppliers are telling that when they can commission. We always make them run 
3, 4 months ahead of what they commit. So to that account, we are putting a pressure on, but 
yes, we'll be very happy if it starts production from maybe by May 10th or 12th. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Aditya Welekar from Axis Securities. 
Aditya Welekar: 
So just one question once again on the saleable silver production guidance of 700 tons to 710 
tons. So is it fair to assume that in '27 and post that, this level will be a sustainable level or it can 
fall or it can rise to 800 million tons, means depending upon the Zawar mine silver grade. So if 
you can throw some light on that? 
Arun Misra: 
No, you have already answered it. So it will rise. You have answered correctly that the more 
Zawar expense will get from Baroi mine, good silver concentrate from Zawar. SK mine will 
expand. In that 2 million ton program, we'll get more good silver content. Agucha, as we go 
below now in the further expansion at many zones, we will cut the Galena zone, and we expect 
that at the Galena, it will be full of lead and silver. So we'll get more silver out of there. So yes, 
we are very hopeful in that 2 million ton expansion plan, we should be hitting 1,200-1,300 tons 
of silver. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Shreyans from Barclays. 
Shreyans: 
My question is on the dividend policy. Do we know when does the Board sit for the next 
announcement of dividends? 
Arun Misra: 
No, we only know they only have the sole power for declaring dividend. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
Ms. Raksha Jain for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Raksha Jain: 
Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today on this call. If there are any 
follow-up questions or any clarifications required, you can reach out to the Investor Relations 
team. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. On behalf of Hindustan Zinc, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
