 
 
 
Tata Technologies Limited 
Plot No 25, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park | Hinjawadi, Pune 411057 | India 
Tel: +91 20 6652 9090 | Fax: +91 20 6652 9035 
CIN L72200PN1994PLC013313  
Email: investor@tatatechnologies.com 
Website: www.tatatechnologies.com 
Ref. No.: TTL/COSEC/SE/2025-26/12 
 
 
April 30, 2025  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call on financial results for the quarter and financial year 
ended March 31, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call on financial results for quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2025, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors held on               
April 25, 2025. 
 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company: www.tatatechnologies.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Tata Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________________ 
Vikrant Gandhe 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
BSE Limited                                
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 544028 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051, India 
Trading symbol: TATATECH 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHE
KHAR GANDHE
Digitally signed by 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHEKHAR 
GANDHE 
Date: 2025.04.30 10:09:07 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 30 
 
 
“Tata Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. WARREN HARRIS – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MS. SUKANYA SADASIVAN – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
– TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MS. SAVITHA BALACHANDRAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MR. VIJAY LOHIA – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tata 
Technologies Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touch tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vijay Lohia, Head of Investor Relations 
at Tata Technologies. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Lohia. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 30 
 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you, operator. Hello, everyone and welcome to Tata 
Technologies’ fourth Quarter and full year Fiscal ‘25 Results 
Call. 
Joining me on the call today are Mr. Warren Harris – CEO and 
M.D., Tata Technologies, Ms. Sukanya Sadasivan – COO of Tata 
Technologies and Ms. Savitha Balachandran – CFO, Tata 
Technologies. 
Our Management Team will give a brief overview of the 
company's performance, followed by a Q&A Session. As you 
are aware, we do not provide specific revenue or earnings 
guidance, and anything said on the call which reflects our 
outlook for the future, or which could be construed as a 
forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction 
with the risk that the company faces. We have outlined these 
risks in the second slide of the quarterly investor deck 
available on our website. 
Our Press Release and Earnings Deck have been filed with the 
Stock Exchanges and are also available on our website, 
www.tatatechnologies.com. I hope you had a chance to look at 
them. Let me now turn over the call to Warren. 
Warren Harris: 
Thank you, Vijay, and thank you, everyone for joining us on 
today's Earnings Call. 
Let me start by reflecting on FY25 and sharing our strategic 
perspective on how Tata Technologies is positioning itself 
amid ongoing global macroeconomic volatility, including 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 30 
 
intensifying trade tensions, tariff-related disruptions and the 
transformative shift driven by AI-led innovation. 
Despite navigating a challenging geopolitical environment – 
marked by shifting trade alliances, rising protectionism, 
tightening export controls and the ongoing reconfiguration of 
global supply chain, we have delivered a resilient set of results 
in FY25. 
Our full year revenue grew by 1% year-over-year in Indian 
rupees. However, this headline figure masks a stronger 
underlying growth of 12% year-on-year when adjusted for the 
large VinFast project that concluded in FY24. We ended the 
year with a robust EBITDA margin of 18.1%, reflecting our 
continued operational discipline. 
During the year, we secured a total of 17 large deals, including 
one marquee engagement exceeding $500 million, two deals 
of over $50 million, one of over $20 million and 13 in the $5 
million to $20 million range. These wins underscore  our 
growing role as a trusted engineering and digital services 
partner across the manufacturing sector. 
Our customer base continues to strengthen with 44 clients 
now contributing over a million dollars annually, up from 41 in 
FY24. This growth reflects the deepening of our relationships 
and the increasing trust our customers are placing in us. 
In Q4, our Services business, which accounted for 80% of our 
total revenue, grew by 1.1% sequentially in Indian rupees, 
demonstrating strong resilience in a challenging environment. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 30 
 
In  constant currency U.S. dollar term, the business held steady 
quarter-over-quarter. 
On the other hand, our Technology Solutions business saw a 
14% sequential contraction in Q4. This decline was primarily 
due to a slight reduction in discretionary spend that impacted 
our Product business and infrastructure readiness challenges 
within several state ITIs in India, which impacted our ability to 
execute  against the growing education order book. 
Margins remain strong with EBITDA improving 40 basis points 
sequentially to 18.2%. Profit before tax rose, however, by 14% 
quarter-on-quarter, while net income during the same period 
grew 12%. Notably, we recorded a net benefit of Rs.12 crores 
from our BMW joint venture in Q4. This accounted for 4.6% of 
our pre-tax profits. We anticipate that this JV will play an 
increasingly significant role in driving our net profit and 
associated earnings per share in FY26. 
The global ER&D sector is currently navigating a dynamic 
landscape, marked by both growth opportunities and 
geopolitical challenges, particularly as it pertains to ongoing 
tariff and trade tensions among major economies. Whilst the 
situation remains fluid and various outcomes are possible over 
the coming years, the strategic positioning of key nations is 
poised to reshape manufacturing hubs, disrupt global supply 
chains and raise input costs for some manufacturers, while 
simultaneously creating new opportunities for others.  
In response, we expect manufacturing companies to 
accelerate strategic moves towards regional diversification 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 30 
 
and 
cost-efficient 
innovation. 
Despite 
short-term 
uncertainties, the ER&D industry continues to demonstrate 
strong resilience and adaptability. We believe that this 
environment favors agile engineering service providers like 
Tata Technologies, who can help clients pivot quickly and 
effectively.  
Although we anticipate continued uncertainty over the next 
couple of months leading to short-term delays in customer 
decision making, we believe that companies will maintain 
investment in new products and manufacturing capacity to 
secure their long-term competitiveness. We are proactively 
positioning ourselves to be the trusted partner that the 
manufacturing sector will need in this evolving environment. 
In support of this specifically, in March, we announced 
organizational changes to strengthen customer collaboration 
and accelerate innovation and growth. These changes 
included: 
• A new customer-centric organizational structure and 
dedicated account teams for our Top 20 accounts. 
• The appointment of a new executive leader to manage our 
strategic partnership with Tata Motors and JLR. 
• We strengthened the  leadership of our embedded 
electronics and software business to ensure end-to-end 
ownership of sales, solutioning and delivery. 
• We implemented dedicated leadership for our aerospace 
and industrial heavy machinery verticals to improve focus 
and the relevance of our sector offerings. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
• And we also invested in a series of investments in AI, IP-
led solutions, and smart manufacturing platforms. 
These changes will allow us to act faster, innovate deeper and 
scale smarter in response to the changes that are likely to 
define the manufacturing sector in the future. 
Let me provide an overview of demand trends across the three 
industry verticals in which we operate: 
As 
I 
said 
before, 
in 
the 
automotive 
sector, 
the 
macroeconomic environment remains dynamic, shaped by 
ongoing geopolitical shifts and evolving regulatory landscapes. 
In the US, OEMs are increasingly embracing a more balanced 
propulsion strategy, sustaining investments across internal 
combustion engines, hybrids and electric vehicles as 
consumer preferences and policy signals remain mixed. In 
Europe, uncertainty surrounding tariffs and evolving industrial 
policies, especially in response to competition from China, has 
led to delays in key investment decisions. However, we are 
beginning to see the early signs of foundational investments 
and the green shoots of improvement. While near-term 
caution persists, we remain optimistic about medium-term-
to-long-term ERD investment in the automotive industry. 
Continued innovation in electric, autonomous and sustainable 
mobility is expected to be a key growth driver. Our strong 
domain 
expertise, 
expanded 
software-defined 
vehicle 
offerings and AI-led solutions across the product life cycle 
position us well to support OEMs and suppliers as they 
recalibrate for the next phase of mobility transformation. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 30 
 
In contrast, demand in the Aerospace and Industrial Heavy 
Machinery sectors remains robust. Our aerospace business 
posted 8% sequential growth in Q4 and nearly doubled its 
revenues in FY25 compared to FY24, supported by a healthy 
order book and strong execution. We are confident that this 
momentum will be carried forward into FY26. 
On the deal signings front, we closed three large deals in Q4, 
including one exceeding $50 million. Our overall deal pipeline 
remains strong, and we expect conversion rates to improve 
once near-term market uncertainties begin to ease. 
Let me share a few highlights from our Q4 wins: 
• A prominent North American electric vehicle manufacturer 
has engaged us to modernize their enterprise resource 
planning systems. This digital transformation initiative is 
focused upon improving operational efficiency, boosting 
supply chains, transparency and enabling scalable growth in 
line with their rapid expansion. 
• We are also collaborating with the leading global Tier-1 
automotive supplier to develop advanced application 
software that optimizes energy flow across multiple battery 
packs in commercial electric vehicles. This solution enhances 
battery performance, reliability and life cycle delivering 
measurable efficiency gains for fleet operators. 
• A global automotive OEM has entrusted us with establishing 
an offshore development center to support product 
engineering, embedded software and digital enterprise 
solutions. We are also helping them drive significant cost 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 30 
 
optimization across product development and their IT 
operations. 
• For an Asian OEM, we are leading the complete design and 
development of interior and exterior trims as part of a facelift 
vehicle program along with managing the simultaneous 
engineering engagement to support speed-to-market. 
• In Aerospace, we were selected by a North American Tier-1 
supplier to design and develop a hydraulic test bench and 
power pack for landing gear component testing. Additionally, 
we are supporting the upgrade and optimization of their 
product lifecycle management system. 
• In the Education sector, we continue to scale our impact. We 
are partnering with the government of Uttar Pradesh to 
upgrade 62 Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) across the 
state. We also signed a MoU with RV College of Engineering 
to establish a Center for Invention, Innovation, Incubation & 
Training, further deepening our commitment to skilling the 
next generation of engineers. 
We are proud to see the real-world impact of our investments 
in AI and generative AI. Since delivering our proprietary AI 
framework last year, we have moved decisively from 
experimentation to execution. Today we are deploying AI 
across the product value chain, enabling solutions like 
predictive maintenance and manufacturing and AI-enhanced 
object detection in autonomous driving systems to help 
clients drive greater efficiency and unlock competitive 
advantage.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 30 
 
A standout example of this in action is our work with the North 
American Tier-1 manufacturer where we are deploying our 
proprietary AI framework across multiple Brownfield plants. 
The solution is already delivering measurable outcomes, 
reducing 
scrap 
rates, 
improving 
uptime 
of 
legacy 
equipment 
and 
accelerating 
overall 
manufacturing 
throughput. 
We remain deeply committed to embedding AI-driven 
intelligence across our entire services portfolio from 
product engineering to manufacturing engineering and 
customer experience solutions. This approach is helping us not 
just to improve outcomes for clients, but also to redefine the 
future of engineering services. 
Tata Technologies is also evolving into an IP-driven, platform-
led organization, focused upon building proprietary tool sets 
and vertical solutions that deliver faster time to market. In the 
Software-Defined Vehicle space, we are expanding our 
capabilities in embedded software, digital cockpit solutions, 
battery management and vehicle architecture, supporting 
OEMs and navigating growing complexity, and accelerating 
their product development cycles. 
Our partnerships reflect this strategic shift. The BMW joint 
venture launched in November with an initial team of 100 
professionals is scaling  faster than we expected. We are now 
approaching the four-digit headcount milestone originally 
projected for calendar year end and anticipate continued 
growth throughout FY26. Our share of profit from the JV has 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 30 
 
seen a significant uplift in Q4 and we expect this momentum 
to continue. 
Moreover, our collaborations with most of our leading 
customers 
are 
increasingly 
focused 
on 
software, 
electrification 
and 
digital 
product 
development, 
underscoring our expanding role as a transformation partner in 
an evolving automotive and industrial landscape. 
FY25 has been a pivotal year for Tata Technologies from 
scaling strategic partnerships such as our expanding 
relationship with BMW to delivering engineering excellence in 
aerospace through programs with companies like Airbus and 
Air India and advancing upstream battery design and 
integration capabilities with Agratas. We are consistently 
demonstrating our ability to create value and earn the trust of 
our customers. 
We are extremely proud to share that we have achieved our 
highest-ever customer Net Promoter Score in FY25, a clear 
reflection of the deepening confidence our customers place in 
us. Additionally, our work was recognized with two industry 
innovation awards, reinforcing our leadership in AI and 
technology-led innovation within the manufacturing sector. 
As we look ahead to FY26, our priorities are clear – scaling our 
software and AI capabilities, deepening our investments in 
IP and Software-Defined Everything (SDx) and executing 
with precision on our strategy to become the most trusted 
partner for engineering and digital transformation in a world 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 30 
 
increasingly shaped by AI, software, systems thinking and 
speed. 
With that, I would now like to invite Savitha to walk you through 
our Financial Performance for the Year. 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Thank you, Warren. Good day, everyone and thank you 
for joining us on this call today. Let me now walk you through 
the financial performance of the fourth quarter and the full 
fiscal year of 2025. 
Our revenue from operations for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,286 
crores, reflecting a 2.4% sequential decline. This includes a 
sequential revenue growth of 1.1% in our Services business 
amounting to Rs. 1,024 crores, demonstrating resilience 
despite the challenging operating environment. In U.S. dollar 
constant currency terms, our Services business remained flat 
sequentially. The reduction in the headline revenue, therefore, 
was entirely driven by the contraction in our Technology 
Solutions business, which recorded a degrowth of 14.1% during 
the quarter with the Product Services decreasing by 7.7% and 
the Education business experiencing a much sharper drop of 
20%.  
You may recall that our Product business traditionally 
experiences a stronger performance in the third Quarter. This 
success creates a challenging sequential comparison for Q4. 
Meanwhile, our education business encountered hurdles due 
to delays in infrastructure-readiness from our customers in 
the public sector. The “phygital” Edtech approach depends on 
fully functional labs within the academic institutions that we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
collaborate with. And the construction delays that we saw in 
Q3 continued into this quarter as well, which negatively 
impacted the bookings for Q4. However, we do anticipate a 
gradual recovery once these projects resume with the 
momentum building into Fiscal ‘26. 
As far as the full fiscal year of 2025 is concerned, our revenue 
from operations grew 1% year-on-year, reaching Rs. 5,169 
crores.  
The Services segment, accounting for 78% of the total 
revenues, witnessed a similar 1.1% year-on-year growth, 
reaching a total of Rs. 4,027 crores. 
It is important to note that this fiscal year faced a challenging 
year-on-year comparison, primarily due to the completion of 
the major full vehicle programs for our Southeast Asian 
client in Fiscal ‘24. In the previous fiscal year, this account 
contributed over 14% of our services revenue, while in Fiscal 
‘25, the contribution declined to a low single digit. 
Excluding 
this 
impact, 
the 
core 
Services 
business 
demonstrated resilient performance, recording a 16% year-
on-year growth in rupee terms, reaffirming the strong 
underlying health of our operations in this fiscal year. This was 
fueled by strong growth amongst both anchor as well as our 
non-anchor customers. 
Our Technology Solutions segment saw a revenue growth of 
0.6% year-on-year to Rs. 1,141 crores. And despite Q4 
lumpiness, the Education segment was up 6.8% for the full 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 30 
 
year. In contrast the Product business experienced a 7.6% 
year-on-year decline. 
I am, however, extremely pleased with the operational 
discipline our teams have demonstrated throughout the 
quarter, resulting in a sequential improvement of 40 basis 
points in the EBITDA margin, bringing it to 18.2%. This 
achievement was driven by a reduction in employee costs 
supported by factors including an improved offshore delivery 
ratio, a decrease in the number of contractual employees, 
some favorable currency movement, as well as continued 
optimization of our pyramid. 
We concluded the year with an 18.1% EBITDA margin fully 
aligned with our margin preservation objective. As we step into 
the next fiscal, we remain committed to maintaining strong 
operational rigor to drive sustainable growth and profitability. 
Our operating profit or EBIT increased by 1.1%sequentially 
reaching Rs. 214 crores and this growth was aided by a 
significant surge in our profit share from our joint venture with 
BMW, which rose seven-fold from a low base of 50 lakhs in the 
previous quarter when it started operations to 3.6 crores in Q4. 
This partnership continues to scale up steadily, aligning well 
with our expectations. 
In addition, the other income included a deferred income of Rs. 
8.3 crores, which reflects the fair value gain on the options 
relating to our investment in the company and this deferred 
income, as I have said before, is a recurring element in the 
foreseeable future.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 30 
 
I would like to emphasize that this partnership represents a 
long-term, strategically significant deal for us and therefore an 
extension of our core operations, and accordingly we 
represent this as part of our operating profit. 
We recognize other income of Rs. 57 crores in this quarter, 
marking a significant increase from Rs. 27.6 crores of Q3. This 
sharp growth was primarily driven by four factors:  
• Interest income increased by Rs. 7.5 crores, largely 
attributable to the higher cash balances as well as 
improved yield from our investments.  
• We had about 8.8 crores of gain from the fair value 
adjustment of the investments that we have made.  
• Foreign currencies gave us about 8.1 crores compared to 
a loss of Rs. 2.8 crores in the previous quarter.  
• And we also recorded an R&D expense credit of about Rs. 
2.3 crores as per the applicable rules against the work 
that qualifies for the same.  
As a result, our profit before tax experienced a robust 14.1% 
quarter-on-quarter growth to Rs. 258 crores. In Q4, we had a 
net benefit of Rs. 12 crores or 4.6% of profit before tax from our 
joint venture with BMW. This included the Rs. 3.6 crores from 
share of profit as well as the Rs. 8.3 crores of the other income 
referenced above. 
Our effective tax rate increased 140 basis points sequentially 
to 26.8% in this quarter, leading to a 12% quarter-on-quarter 
increase in profit after tax that reached Rs. 189 crores. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 30 
 
Our board has recommended a final dividend of 8.35 per share 
for the Fiscal Year 2025, representing a dividend payout of 
50%. Furthermore, the board has also proposed a special 
dividend of Rs.3.35 per share, and both these dividend 
payments are subject to shareholder approvals at the 
upcoming annual general meeting. 
Our balance sheet reflects strong financial health with a solid 
cash position, robust liquidity and a favorable DSO levels. At 
the end of the quarter, the net cash position stood at $174.7 
million compared to $154.1 million at the end of Q3. We 
continue to maintain robust collection efficiency with the total 
DSO both billed and unbilled coming in at 81 days at the end 
of March, an improvement from the 90 days that we reported 
at the end of December. Our billed DSO improved from 63 
days to 54 days, while the unbilled DSO were at 27 days 
compared with 26 days, while our free cash flow for the Fiscal 
Year 2025 stood at over Rs. 900 crores. 
Let me now share with you some colour on the operational 
Metrics: 
Our headcount was almost flat at 12,644 employees at the end 
of the quarter, reflecting a prudent cost control and a 
commitment to sustainable profitability given the current 
macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions.  
Our employee utilization levels stood at 87.5% for the quarter, 
a modest decline from 88% in the prior quarter. Meanwhile, our 
offshore revenue mix saw a sequential improvement of over 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 30 
 
100 basis points, reaching 43% as we continue to optimize our 
delivery model. 
We saw a small uptick in the last 12 months voluntary attrition 
that touched a level of 13.2% from 12.9% of the previous 
quarter, and this comes after nearly 12 consecutive quarters of 
improved attrition levels, and we remain committed to 
enhancing our employee engagement and strengthening 
retention efforts moving into Fiscal 2026. 
We also continue to prioritize strengthening of our organic 
talent development initiatives to address the dynamic needs 
of our workforce and build a robust pipeline of skilled 
professionals. In the last fiscal year, our in-house technical 
learning platform, “TechVarsity”, achieved a remarkable 
milestone by delivering over 750 technical modules. These 
modules reached more than 9,500 unique employees, 
representing 75% of our workforce. To accelerate expertise in 
the critical next-generation competencies that are essential 
for our growth, we introduced specialized learning initiatives 
focused on generative AI, software-defined vehicles and cyber 
security. And I am proud to share that over 60% of our 
engineering talent is now equipped with AI-readiness, paving 
the way for innovation and excellence in the evolving 
technological landscape. 
In conclusion, I am pleased with our unwavering commitment 
to rigorous execution, which enabled us to preserve our 
margins despite operating in a demanding environment. This 
quarter, we achieved strong profitability and a solid cash flow 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 30 
 
performance. And for Fiscal ‘25, we sustained margins 
exceeding 18% for the fourth consecutive year and achieved 
the highest cash flows in the company's history. Moving 
forward, we remain committed to maintaining this operational 
discipline while making thoughtful and required investments in 
talent and capabilities to drive our long-term value for all our 
stakeholders. 
With that, I thank you for your time and we can now open the 
floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question comes from the line of Abhishek 
Kumar with JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: Yes. Hi. Good evening, Warren, you sounded optimistic despite 
the obvious challenges facing industry. I just want to 
understand whether there are tangible signs that some of 
these global OEMs are looking at increasingly doing more 
offshoring, are there any deal, RFP, etc., which we are pursuing, 
just wanted to understand what's driving the optimism that 
you share? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, good to hear from you, Abhishek. The positive sentiment 
that I shared was really informed by the interactions that we 
are having with our customers. I think shared in the Q3 Earnings 
Call that last year had really been impacted by the uncertainty 
around the administration in the United States given the 
elections in November and also the regulatory uncertainty in 
Europe. I think with clarity at the end of the calendar year, 
many of our customers that had delayed investments in new 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 30 
 
products were starting to get ready to execute and we were 
very encouraged by the interactions with the customers in 
both regions and we are anticipating a very strong start to this 
fiscal year. I think the tariff announcements have certainly 
complicated that situation and many of the customers that we 
are looking to launch projects and programs in the March and 
April timeframe have delayed the decision-making. But the 
commitment is there, and I think what everybody's looking for 
right now is just a certainty. And I think if we can achieve that 
in the next month to six weeks as the trade negotiations are 
progressing, then I think that we will tee ourselves up for a 
strong finish for the half year and we'll take momentum into the 
second half of the year. So that's where the sentiment is 
coming from. But I would just qualify those comments with, we 
were surprised by the tariff announcements, we may be 
surprised again if the negotiations do not drive the type of 
consistency and clarity that I think everybody's looking for. 
Abhishek Kumar: Okay, that's clear. In that context, what explains better than 
expected ramp up in BMW, right, that also is an OEM which is 
facing these issues, logically one would have imagined that 
they will also pause. So, any color on why you think that JV is 
scaling faster than expectations? Thank you. 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, I think there are two reasons. I think outside of the 
investment that Mercedes made in India some 20, 25 years 
ago, I think the German market as a whole has been slow to 
where to take advantage and to invest in the capabilities that 
we have got here in India. I think that is starting to change. And 
I think the commitment that BMW have made to the joint 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 30 
 
venture and to the partnership that we are building is a 
strategic commitment that is very central to their ambitions in 
both the automotive software area, the AI area and in the 
enterprise digital solutions. And I think one of the things that 
we continue to be impressed about with BMW is they like the 
Tatas are patient-capitalists, they are investing for the long 
term, and I think unlike many organizations, they seem to stay 
the course even during very difficult economic conditions. And 
so, I think the accelerated scale of headcount and business 
that we are seeing with the JV is really a testament to those 
things. 
Abhishek Kumar: One last comment. Could that be a precursor to other German 
OEMs taking advantage of India scale and cost? 
Warren Harris: 
The answer is very much ‘yes.’ I think one of the things that we 
are seeing from many of our German customers right now is 
that they are requiring a DCC component to the services that 
they procure traditionally the majority of the work that they've 
outsourced has been outsourced to onshore companies in 
Germany. And so, we are seeing opportunity both directly with 
the customers because of that prioritization in and around 
DCC. But we are also seeing those onshore engineering 
services companies also look for an offshore play. And so, we 
are seeing opportunity both directly with the customers and 
also with the organizations that traditionally we have 
competed with. 
Abhishek Kumar: Great. Thank you and good luck in the current environment. 
Warren Harris: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 30 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Chandramouli 
Muthiah with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
C Muthiah: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my questions. My 
first question is just around I think a couple of quarters back 
you had shared that there was some postponement of 
demand because of the uncertain macro and the size of deals 
that were closing might have been smaller deals than what was 
originally envisioned in the pipeline. So just trying to 
understand based on some of the conversations you've had 
recently with clients that you highlighted, are you getting the 
impression that once there is clarity on the regulatory 
environment and the tariff environment globally, the trade 
environment globally, some of these deal sizes might start 
bouncing back up or is that something which is little more of a 
medium-term kind of journey based on the tone of 
conversations you've had? 
Warren Harris: 
I think that you've interpreted the comments that I've made in 
exactly the way that we see it. We certainly saw towards the 
end of the last fiscal year conversations and planning that gave 
us confidence that deal size would increase and that and 
behind that momentum would build. Obviously, that's been 
somewhat tapered by the recent announcements from the 
United States. But again, I think after the initial shock there is 
growing confidence that clarity will be brought to bear in the 
next month or so. And those plans that we were expecting to 
close in March and April will likely be closed towards the end 
of Q1 and as we move into Q2. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 30 
 
C Muthiah: 
That's helpful. Just to build on that, there's also been this 
theme of potential cost cutting-related spending which some 
of the Indian IT services and ER&D companies might benefit 
from in this sort of uncertain macro, maybe slower growth 
environment temporarily. So, is that also a theme which you're 
seeing some additional business opportunity beyond some of 
the traditional services that you cater to? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, I think so. And I think the example that I just provided 
about Germany is really a testament to that. I think the fact 
that they are looking for a DCC component to the services that 
they procure is that they want to bring down the unit cost of 
what they have traditionally positioned with the German 
engineering service providers. So, we do not expect headcount 
increases within our customers. I've commented before that 
as the clock speed of technology change accelerates, we are 
expecting our customers to concentrate on what is core to the 
DNA of their brand and their competitive position and more 
and more will be outsourced to the organizations that have a 
nexus and a footprint in territories like India. So, we think we 
are incredibly well-positioned. We are obviously doing our 
best to navigate the short-term context in which we are 
operating, but we remain quite bullish for the medium term 
and very bullish in terms of the long term. 
C Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful, and just last question is around your 
anchor versus non-anchor customers. So, you have done a 
great job of reducing dependency on your anchor customers 
over the past four to five years. So, just trying to understand in 
this sort of macro environment, some of our anchor customers 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 30 
 
have more domestic exposure which might not be as 
impacted as maybe the globally exposed business. So, if you 
could just share some color on anchor versus non-anchor, 
what sort of growth opportunities that could be on a relative 
basis, that will also be helpful? 
Warren Harris: 
Again, I think you have understood the circumstance 
extremely well. We are seeing Tata Motors continue to invest 
and accelerate their commitment to expanding their product 
portfolio, that is providing tailwinds which we are intersecting 
with. JLR sits outside of India and is exposed like everybody 
else to the uncertainties in Europe and the United States, 
which is their largest market. So, they are impacted in the same 
way that everybody else is, but Tata Motors has demonstrated 
resilience through the uncertainties that we have been 
grappling with over the last six to nine months. 
C Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Warren Harris: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rajiv Berlia 
with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Berlia: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Can you discuss the 
thoughts on demand from the aerospace vertical and is it fair 
to assume that the aerospace vertical will do well versus 
automotive in FY26? Also, you talked about three large deals 
in 4Q. Can you tell from which verticals are these large deals 
and when will they ramp up and will that help 1Q? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 30 
 
Warren Harris: 
Sure. If we look at aerospace, I mentioned in my opening 
comments that we had almost doubled the aerospace 
business in FY25. That reflects the growing momentum around 
the partnership that we have got with Airbus, but it also 
reflects the investments that we are making in growing the 
aerospace business outside of that. In North America, we have 
secured business with two large propulsion manufacturing 
players and that business has grown at a very healthy clip over 
the course of the last 12 months and we expect momentum to 
continue. So, our aerospace business today has certainly not 
been impacted as automotive has by the issues that relate to 
regulatory uncertainty and the policies from various 
governments in different parts of the world. One of the things 
that we are seeing in aerospace is that the sponsorship and 
the credibility that we are building with the organizations like 
Airbus is now precipitating in terms of introductions to 
organizations within their supply chain. One of the big 
challenges within certainly Airbus and Boeing is that they 
cannot satisfy the demand at the moment, and manufacturing 
throughput is a major issue, and we are addressing that 
through the work that we are doing directly with Airbus. But we 
are also now starting to leverage again the credibility, the 
understanding and the capability that we are building within 
the supply chain, and we won a couple of large deals in FY24 
that are directly related to the sponsorship that we have 
received from Airbus.  
As far as the large deals that we have won and I cited in my 
opening comments, we are deploying an AI-solution for a tier 
one automotive company that has the potential to extend to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
more than 100 plants for that tier one automotive supplier. We 
are at the moment going through the discovery exercise to 
identify the opportunities for improvement where we can 
deploy sensors, how we can leverage our AI framework to 
identify insights that will improve manufacturing uptime, again 
improve and accelerate manufacturing throughput, and also 
address things like scrap rate. So that engagement is right at 
the initial stages, and we expect that to scale. We won a 
complete package here in Asia for interior and exterior trims. 
It's a mid-cycle refresh activity. Again, that business was won 
at the end of Q4. We are just in the initial stages and so we are 
expecting that to ramp. And we also have made a number of 
comments about the challenges that we have had in the 
education sector given the readiness that we have had with 
regard to labs and the infrastructure that's required for our 
digital proposition. But we are continuing to win large deals, 
and our order book continues to expand. And so, these 
infrastructure issues that we expect to be addressed in the 
next couple of months should see the Education business 
scale as we move through the year. 
Rajiv Berlia: 
Last question from my side. The 50 million deal which you 
announced in 4Q, is it in the education sector? 
Warren Harris: 
Sorry, could you repeat that? 
Rajiv Berlia: 
The 50 million deal which you had announced in 4Q, is it in the 
education vertical? 
Warren Harris: 
No, it is not in education. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 30 
 
Rajiv Berlia: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Chirag 
Kachhadiya with Ashika Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Hello. Yes, I have a couple of questions. So, one of our 
top clients yesterday in their earnings call mentioned that they 
are focusing on Asian market and considering India and 
Indonesia for their assembly plants and also news articles 
referring that from June this year, where India plant is going to 
start the production. So how will this benefit us in terms of 
margin and getting the business like getting more volume from 
this account, let's say they are actually considering Asia for 
their volume target which they have mentioned yesterday in 
their earnings call? 
Warren Harris: 
We continue to work hard to protect and evolve the 
relationship with that organization. We are very proud of the 
work that we have done for them. We are very proud of the 
impact that the products that we have developed have had 
with the markets that they are selling that product into. We are 
continuing to explore new ways of being able to help them 
execute their strategy, that includes new products, it also 
includes the investments that they expect to make in adding 
to manufacturing capacity. I think at this stage there is no 
definitive plan that they have as far as manufacturing capacity 
is concerned. I think there's a number of things that are teed 
up, but I think they will be waiting for market conditions to 
improve before commitments in capital are made. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 30 
 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Okay. And second is on our parent, Tata Motors also that 
they are facing some competition from other players in the 
category and they're considering more this ICE-based cars. So 
does that anyway impact our volume with them also?  
Warren Harris: 
I think if you look at the Tata Motors strategy, I think it will 
obviously be a strategy that will flex and adjust to market 
conditions and the evolving regulatory framework in which 
they operate. Having said that, if you pick up on the public 
statements that Tata Motors have made, they are continuing 
to commit themselves to maintaining a market leadership 
position in EVs, they are looking to expand their portfolio, they 
are looking to go up market in terms of some of the segments 
that they support. All of those things will provide opportunity 
for Tata Technologies, both in terms of product engineering, in 
terms of helping them bring on additional manufacturing 
capacity and in terms of helping them digitize their entire 
enterprise. So, we are very proud to be a partner of Tata 
Motors and very proud of the performance that we have 
delivered in support of the breakout performance that we have 
seen from that organization over the last three to five years. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Bhavik Mehta 
with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you. Warren, can you talk about how the demand 
headwinds are playing out across different geographies in 
terms of US, Europe and Asia, how is it different and based on 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 30 
 
client conversations right now, where do you expect the 
recovery to be the fastest over the next six to nine months? 
Warren Harris: 
I think if we take the US first, I think that there was a fair amount 
of positivity in the US at the beginning of the calendar year and 
the distraction that organizations like Stellantis had given the 
change of chief exec last year, that was starting to settle down 
and we were starting to see clarity in and around a renewed 
commitment to a regional approach to growing their business. 
That has obviously been shaken by the tariff announcements, 
not just in the context of the response of the markets outside 
of the United States to the tariffs that have been announced 
by the US government. But also, there's a lot of concern in and 
around the impact of tariffs across the global supply chains of 
those organizations and particularly the impact of NAFTA. So, 
there's a pent-up demand for investment. There was a lot of 
uncertainty last year during the election process. So, these 
organizations are ready to deploy capital in support of new 
products. But they need some level of certainty. And so we 
expect that the United States to take another month, six 
weeks, eight weeks before we really start to understand the full 
impact of the announcements that have been made. I think 
Europe is a little different; I think Europe is starting to recognize 
that they have to build resilience into their supply chain and 
so we are seeing some repatriation of manufacturing support 
within supply chains as far as Europe is concerned, and we are 
also seeing some progress as far as incentives and the 
regulatory response to a threat from China and the tariffs from 
the United States. And so, we are starting to see some green 
shoots of improvement there. But it is again tempered by the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 30 
 
fact that everybody's still waiting for the tariff situation to play 
out. I was in China at the beginning of this week for the first day 
of the auto show and the Chinese market seems to be immune 
to what's happening in the rest of the world. Everybody's 
pressing ahead and investing as if there is no uncertainty 
about the future. I think if there's a topic is top of mind for 
Chinese OEMs, it's how do they internationalize both their 
products and their IP given the constraints as far as regulations 
are concerned. So different sentiments in different parts of the 
world. But everybody right now is waiting for clarity on the tariff 
front and for all of us, the sooner that comes, the better. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Kunal with Bank 
of America. Please go ahead. 
Kunal: 
Great. Thank you. Hi, Warren. A couple of questions from me. 
The first one is in one of the scenarios you're considering that 
the uncertainty comes to an end in about six to eight weeks, 
what would be your thought process or the eventual shape of 
demand -- do you think it will essentially be a case of one last 
quarter and then things go back to how they were at start of 
the year or could they end in being net new demand creation 
in the meanwhile or net negative? 
Warren Harris: 
I think if I had to call it today and the fact that I am kind of 
qualifying that statement I think speaks to the genuine 
uncertainty that is out there. But if I have to call it today, I would 
suggest that we will get clarity in the next six to eight weeks 
and we would return to the type of environment that we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 30 
 
anticipated at the beginning of the fiscal year. So, we expect 
improvement from Q2 to Q3 and Q4. We are still optimistic 
about our prospects for this fiscal year. Now, we were 
surprised by the tariff announcements and surprised by the 
magnitude of the announcements that were confirmed and it 
wouldn't be too much of a shock if we were surprised again, 
but I think given the reaction of the financial markets, given the 
balance that we are now starting to see from multiple 
stakeholders, my view would be that common sense would 
prevail and we'll see some certainty at the end of the first 
quarter. 
Kunal: 
Right. And meanwhile on your large deal pipeline, do you still 
have enough in the late stages where we could sort of see 
more conversions like the one you got towards within Q4 or do 
you think that further closures of deal sizes like that would be 
contingent on more clarity or certainty returning to the 
market? 
Warren Harris: 
We have a lot of big deals lined up, a lot of large deals that we 
anticipated that we would close at the beginning of the 
calendar year. We have seen those decisions get pushed out. 
We would anticipate if there's clarity that those deals would 
get closed. Now with any type of deals, time is always 
something that you worry about when deals get pushed out, 
there is always the opportunity that the customer has to go in 
a different direction. So, again, we are hoping that we will get 
clarity in the short term that those deals that were teed up, will 
get converted. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
Kunal: 
Got it. And then the final one for me. Are you okay to be flexible 
on pricing till you have demand uncertainty or that's 
something that you would rather want to hold at the level you 
already are at? 
Warren Harris: 
I am sitting next to my CFO and so I'll qualify my comments, 
but I think one of the reasons that we have managed to 
maintain margins throughout the choppiness and the volatility 
of FY25 is the fact that we have been very disciplined on the 
pricing front. And whilst there are situations where we have 
used pricing as an entry strategy into different customers, I 
think for the most part, the discipline and the rigor that has 
surrounded our pricing approach is something that we are 
committed to and something that we expect to maintain. 
Kunal: 
Great. That's good to know. Thanks, Warren. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Vijay Lohia for closing comments. 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you all for joining us on today's call. We hope we have 
addressed most of your questions. If you have any additional 
queries, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations 
team and we'll be glad to assist you. Wishing you all the best 
and good bye here from all of us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tata Technologies, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
